
Great Phone! It served the purpoose that we needed it for! Would buy it again if it would fulfill the purpose that i would need it again fo in the future!

My son gave me my Kyocera Rise for Christmas last year. I'd previously had the Samsung Intercept, which didn't have enough memory for my needs and was overloaded with bloatware. This phone is great! I have all the apps I want on it, almost no bloatware, and it rarely freezes or reboots. Battery life is excellent. I like everything about it and will gladly buy another one. I have very poor eyesight and I'm able to do do almost all of my writing on my phone. Love it!

It's a good reliable phone, just like any other android of it's version. The only thing is it freezes on occasion, resulting in the removal of the battery and rebooting. Besides that, I would recommend it.

I haven't hooked in with Virgin, and I'm not planning to, either. I bought this to just be an Android device, not a phone. It works great and is a steal for the price. It's really easy to use, and I didn't have to do anything to it at all to use it without a contract.

My wife needed a new phone and this was a perfect one for her.The price was right for this Android phone with slide out keyboard.Also, the seller delivered a brand new product - as advertised.

My wife loves this phone.  She's a texter, so the keyboard is great for her.  She's also happy she gets a phone with a more recent OS (4.0).  That allows her to play some of the newer games or run newer apps she wanted to.I only give it a 4 though because in our area Virgin Mobile is bad.  We live outside of Raleigh, and although they show we should have great reception, we only get 1 to 2 bars, sometimes not even on the 3G network.

the phone is great .it arrived promptly . every was in the box as was described,  and it worked right out the box

I have had this cell phone almost a week and am in love with it! I like being able to type on the screen or from a keyboard and this has that. Love all of the feautres and it makes it super easy and quick to find what I am looking for when I am looking for it especially with being able to bookmark a page or image onto my homepage.

Only received it a few days ago but so far it exceeds my expectations. This is my first android so I don't have any prior experience to compare it with & probably won't know its capability for awhile. I deny the fifth star because it's too early to judge completely & I did experience a setback activating it requiring me to contact customer service. With that being said I look forward to learning how to use my new phone & saving a bundle on my new cellular service, paying for only what I use & not being surprised by all kinds of extra fees on my monthly bill that I have no clue what for !!!!

NOOO NOOOO NOOO. DO NOT GET THIS PHONE!. This was my first smartphone. The first week i was in LOVE. But around the 2nd month, TRAGEDY HAPPENED. First, The SERVICE. I will NEVER recommend Virgin mobile FOR ANYONE. They are very rude. One time I bought a virgin mobile refill card and when i went on my phone to fill my minutes back up they said the site was temporarily down. So i come back to enter the number again and they say its already been used BUT my phone was still off. So i called the customer service and they told me to send the receipt on fax. Or either go back to the place you got it from and tell them. Well, Happens to find out when i fax the receipt, THEY SAID ITLL TAKE 3 WEEKS. And going back to the store is VERY un proffesional. What if i "lied" and used the card on a different phone then go back to the store and claim there was a problem. I hung up and called again for a different person. This new person told me it will take 3 days so at this point im noticing they dont know what the crap there doing. So i try to atleast put my trust in them and i ended up getting my minutes a 3 days later. Still, NO ONE should go threw that just to get some minutes. Then the phone... Around that time thats when it starts to shut on and off. My phone wasnt hot and i had to delete all my apps except like 4 because the apps ran TERRIBLY slow. So one day i was on the phone and it shuts off out of no where.. i charge it up and it comes back on with a full battery but the phone continued to turn on and off. Now its sitting on my dresser with dust filling it up because THATS WHERE IT BELONGS TO BE. Please do not waste your money on this phone. Yes the price is amazing but this will last between 4-8 months and thats ridiculous. My old tracfone lasted for 3 years! Now ill just upgrade to a iphone and something more fancy because this was HORRIBLE.

Bought this phone when it was on sale. Figured I needed a new phone because my LG Optimus v was not holding a charge and was starting to randomly shut off. This is 100x times faster then my other phone and the memory is much better. The processor is so much faster and I can actually multi task while on it! Would recommend this to anyone looking for a great phone on a low priced cell phone plan!

This is a pretty good phone for those who aren't looking for the top of the line more expensive phone. My needs aren't very demanding. It works great online for most things, streaming Netflix is slow though. Texting is great. Calls sound good. I usually charge the phone every other day.If you're not a power user than this is a good buy.

For those who enjoy saving money on a cell phone plan, a quality device at a reasonable price, &an updated android phone with bottons instead of a touch screen keyboard, this product is for you. Great features,  amazing provider, couldn't be happier.

My first smart phone and I love it. Voice is clear, screen is bright and it loads apps fast.  I highly recommend it.

This phone is a good value for it's price point. It is easy to use and navigate. For those looking for a Galaxie SIII or IPhone for cheap it isn't going to happen. Go get one of those phones and be done with it. For those looking to make calls, (yes people still talk to each other), or looking for easy texting via a real keyboard I don't think you can do any better. It does what I want it to do, what I got it for.

Freezes up a lot, not very responsive at times. I didn't expect it to work as well as my EVO 3D did. Crashes when the gps gets lost while using the navigation. The phone does what I need it to do, but I would not buy again.

After having the Optimus V, I was pleasantly surprised with Kyocera's new offering.  It isn't perfect, but it was extremely cheap and gets the job done.  Having a bigger processor helps me run a few more apps and keeps the battery at a decent clip.  I use JuiceDefender to keep the battery lasting longer as well.

I was formerly with Straight Talk and was paying $45 a month. I had the Samsung Galaxy Precedent. Don't get me wrong, it had been a good phone but I was really wanting to try Virgin because of the $35 plan. Who doesn't like saving $10 a month? I paid $59.99 for this phone and for the price it's such a good phone. There's only one thing I don't like and that is the camera. Pictures turn out awful.

Its a good phone I got what I paid for I have only one problem it freezes up a lot n n the l  don't work all the time other then that good phone

This is my first smart phone and I did a lot of research before deciding which phone and provider to go with.  This is the cheapest phone I found in terms of price, but there is not a thing wrong with it.  It does everything the more expensive phones do but at a fraction of the cost.  I also liked that it has a physical keyboard which was a nice bridge for someone used to &#34;old&#34; fashioned cell phones.  The camera quality is not as advanced as some more expensive phones, but that by itself is no reason to spend an extra $100+, and in any case, it gets the job done.  I myself read in other reviews that the back pops off somewhat easily but I have the phone in a case so if that is in fact a problem, it's an easily solved one.  In regards to the price of the phone, the service cost given by Virgin Mobile, and the quality of the phone, I am very pleased and I have no complaints to offer.

It's okay, I mean it's nothing fancy. Just a regular little old phone. Could take some getting used to. But hey, for the price, what a deal! I got 2 on sale here on Amazon for $20 each!I didn't know it switches to some &#34;eco mode&#34; when the battery gets low and it changes your wallpaper. I got so scared to first time! Good thing you can turn the mode off if you don't like it.

A wonderful phone, espically for the price. Its a little heavy but in a good way, it doesn't feel like its about to fly out of your hand at the slightest movement. Comes with an unskinned version of android 4.0 that doesn't feel slow or sluggish at all. The only issue I had was that it was simply left by my door. A brand new smart phone left sitting in an apartment hallway, not the best idea.

Everything I want and more, it's delicious and addicting, keeping it.  And I'm with Virgin, so for 35 dollars and this great phone, well, it's the closest thing to heaven. :D

I've had it for a month now with little problems except when I turn it off for work it takes a few attempts to turn back on. Putting it in airplane mode during work solved that. So no complaints for the money spent.

good valuee only problem is a poor quality camera but worth the moneyA a a a a a a a a a a a a a a

I ordered this phone for two reason, to stream Pandora at work and to use  Google maps when traveling and it works great for those things. And that's about it. I turn e Wi-Fi off when I leave home but the phone switches it back on when it detects available networks and  then it gives me the &#34;connection error&#34; message every time I want to use an app, so I have to go into the settings and turn the Wi-Fi back off again. It's not like that is complicated but it is a bit of a pain. It's about what I expected for the price they are charging though, which is the only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 3.

This is an example of a phone that has it all, and it developed a problem.  The phone stopped playing music, recorded it, but would not play back, and then it started to play music all by its self even thought I turned the phone off.

I've had this phone for almost a year now and I must say it's been getting worse and worse to use. For the first couple of months it was fine, just like any other new phone. But after the first few months it started freezing to the point I would have to take the battery out just to get it to restart because the power button wasn't enough to restart it. I don't like the slide out keyboard because the buttons just feel funny. That may be just me though since I prefer the on-screen keyboard. And even though I never use the slide-out keyboard the bottom half of the phone has come completely off. The only thing keeping the phone from completely breaking is a ribbon connecting the two pieces inside. I've been keeping it in a case until I purchase a new one.I would be willing to say I may have just gotten a crappy phone but the camera is also terrible. If it's left on auto the pictures always have a red hue to them. But if you change the settings at all you don't have the option to not use the flash. The battery is okay if you only use it a normal amount. But if you use your phone to talk/text a lot or use your apps quite often (like I do) then keep a charger with you because the battery will die.The other thing that I don't understand about this phone is that it will not allow a system update. I've try many times and it always either gets stuck half way through or it says there was an error and cannot update.  The other thing is storage, now I may just not understand the way storage works on a phone but it says I have a GB of space left on my sd card but when I try to update my apps it says there is no storage so I've had to uninstall apps that I rarely use just to update the ones I do use.All in all I would not recommend this phone. It's been nothing but a pain. Please just spend the extra money and get a nicer phone that won't literally break in half. I hope this helps!!

This is my first smart phone and although I do find myself enjoying this new technology it is not without flaws.Virgin Mobile service is questionable and random. At times, I have no issues and other times I basically have a useless paperwieight. Quite often I get ZERO service. In addition, the phone will just reset itself at random times or just simply not function and needs to be reset.For what the phone does for $100 its pretty impressive but the frustration factor is pretty high. I would recommend either patience or a better more expensive carrier.

I'd recommend this product to anyone considering a very nice & decent starting android phone for the average user. The keyboard was awesome and a must for some people like myself. Overall, a great phone for the price and the spec's (under-the-hood) are awesome for the price. I wouldn't recommend it to people that like to unlock the bootloader as Kyocera as of yet, doesn't allow it. All you can do is root the phone and install custom recovery, but for some, that's enough. Thanks!!! Bye!!!

I've had this phone for two months now, and really tried to work with it. To learn it, you know? Okay, I'm done now. If I sound redundant, it's because I can't believe the phone finds new ways, daily, to let me down.Lessee, I'll try to be positive. Um, it ALWAYS boots up. And....it is very reliable when I want to solve a Sudoku puzzle. Oh, yeah! The texting is effective (using WIFI, not data). These three things are why it gets two stars instead of one.And that's all I have on the positive side.On the other hand:Try to make a call? You're so funny. IF the call connects, it will be dumped within minutes, if not seconds.Try to answer a call? Well...you know, if you don't mind if the ringtone continues to play while you're trying to talk to your caller. Seriously.Oh, and then there's the whole "the app isn't responding, would you like to close it" thing...which is PARTICULARLY noticable when the "app" is the calling (phone) app. Yep.Um...more fun....How about this: You look up Android app after Android app to find out they won't run on this device. Ooorrr...Google Play lets you download them...and they still don't run.Big name apps, like Yahoo Mail, GMail, Facebook, Facebook Page Manager...time out.Another cute thing this phone does: It recognizes data service...until I launch an (any) app. Then, the service evaporates. I suspect the poor little phone can't think about the data service AND running an app at the same time.But, I have never, EVER had any problems while playing the Sudoku app. So if you just want to send and receive texts, and solve Sudoku puzzles, this is the phone for you. If you were actually looking for a PHONE to TALK on, you are better off with a prepay flip phone from Wal-Mart (which is what I've gone back to). And if you want an Android device (or any device) that works....you just need to look elsewhere.

Purchased this as a gift for my mom, whos never owned an android. Shes used to very basic, emergency only cell phones. Its easy enough to use to where shes having a blast. Great phone. Were happy :)

This is my first smart phone.  I'm an engineer and have avoided one of these for a long time, however I've found it to be very useful.  Switching from my call/text phone to this with the same carrier was easy.  Learning to control power consumption took a few days.  Some tips - turn off GPS and use it only when more precise location than Google Maps (comes on the phone) is required.  Also install an App to terminate apps you're not currently using.  I've also put in an app to clear memory.  Doing this I've managed to keep battery discharge to about 2.5% per hour, less when near a Wi-Fi.  This was with little Internet usage.  The on-line manual is large but useful and I'd suggest taking time to scan through it especially for a first time smart phone user.  BTW the slide out keyboard comes in useful at times but I quickly learned to use the virtual keyboard.

I bought this phone as a gift for my son as his phone had broken. After a few months the phone started having issues with the keyboard, then the power, and the problems continued to build on until he bought a new phone.

This phone does everything you need it to do with the most recent version of Android service.  Cases are harder to find for this - price is fantastic.  Wal-Mart has this phone on sale this Black Friday for 29.99.  I bought this phone for myself, but when my daughter saw it - she just had to have it.  Hands down this phone has to be the best no-contract phone out there for the price. - Desiree

A great Virgin Mobile non contract phone. It does everything it claims it says it will do. It could always be better.

I bought this phone a few weeks ago and now keep it as a spare for my HTC EVO 4g. This is a easy phone to operate and is an ideal introductory phone to learn the Android operating system given its easy to use slide out keyboard.The phone is a little sensitive to the touch; but that could be my sense of touch. Camera is no great shakes. But reception and WiFi is very good. Too bad it is only 3g. For the price, this phone is a bargain and compelling value.

Loved it over all. It is real easy to use. It is fast switching between apps, and I love the button that shows your most recent apps used. Had a few problems with it knocking me out of an app I'm using randomly but over all its a great phone. The price for it is unbeatable. It is a great value.

Pretty good phone for the price. It's also a really good starter phone for a 13yr old. She loves it.

Very cheap phone, obviously since I bought it for 60$ Stopped working after a few months.  Get a plan and get insurance

The headline says it all. I did (and still want to) love this phone. Before it fell apart beyond repair and began to no longer function, it was a great phone. The great slide-out keyboard was almost worth all the headache because I can't (with a capital C) get the hang of on-screen keyboards. Not even one word comes out right, so I was really excited to have this keyboard and my fingers fly through texts.The hundreds of people saying that this phone can't do anything without crashing are correct. I've tried deleting apps, clearing cashe's on a daily basis, I even transferred my photos to a computer and did a factory reset on the thing, and it still can't do anything without crashing.Turning on wifi causes a 5 minute crashing ordeal every time, without exception. The phone has no choice but to turn off, and sometimes you just have to pull the battery. HUGE wifi bug.Every app I open as of lately, either puts me right back to the home screen or says &#34;This app is not responding.&#34; And I can either press ok or wait.Maybe the biggest problem of all is the flawed design of the keyboard and screen. Once it starts to detach you'll have to be prepared for weekly tightening of the screws, and you'll have to find a tiny screwdriver that fits. I suggest maybe the ones in the eyeglass repair kits... Unfortunately 2 of my screws recently got lost so now my screen is hanging on by just a few screws.I ordered another phone that's arriving next week and I'll have to learn how to type on the screen.I love the feel and keyboard of this phone but it's REALLY not built to last.

I like the sliders, but really needed one that had more internal memory, and the Rise has been perfect! The battery life is good, the keyboard is easy to use, and the screen resolution makes it great for movies or games.

I've had this phone for a little over a year. It's pretty much a crap phone. Eventually, the screen fell off. Still connected, but I had to super glue it back on. The phone freezes, shuts down and doesn't have very much memory space, even with the highest memory card available. It's worth 15.00 in my book. HOWEVER, Virgin Mobile's service is pretty good. Minus the fact that it's only 3G. Thankfully I have WiFi at home and both my jobs, so I rarely ever need to use just the data service,

GOT THIS FOR MY SON. EASY TO USE AND GREAT ANDROID PHONE. PRICE YOU JUST CAN'T BEAT. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT.

1/6/2013 UpdateDowngrading this phone to one star.  When I picked up a fully charged phone (the light turned green) and immediately checked the battery power %, it was only showing 97% instead of 100% power!  WTH!  The battery drains very quickly with this phone.  I constantly have to check the phone and turn things off.  In addition, when I am done talking on the phone, the screen goes blank!  I have to hit the power button in order to turn things on so I can hang up the call.  Moreover, if I want to check my voicemail, I need to get outside of the phone menu and use a voicemail button.  The unlimited 3G speed is such a joke. In some areas, I was getting 0.01 MB upload speed! Forget about watching YouTube and VEVO with this phone.  Besides that, I frequently push the camera button by accident.  As a matter of fact, I once pushed the camera button accidentally while I was using the Google Navigation App (not very good) in my car.  When the camera was capturing the outside world on the screen, I thought Google had incorporated Street View in its Navigation app!I will be cancelling my $35/month service with VM and I will be using this phone strictly as a backup portable MP3 and Google Play device (Wi-Fi).  The $35 unlimited Data/Text message plan is only great if you have a 4G phone and when you are in a 4G coverage area.Based on my personal testing during the past five days covering San Francisco to Lake Tahoe, AT&T;'s LTE offers the fastest speed for upload and download.  It is faster than Verizon.  However, Verizon's system seems to have less drop calls in certain areas (using iPhone 5's).  If VM drops the purchase price of a 4G phone to less than $50, I will do a report on my findings on VM's 4G speed and coverage.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxI have so many cell phones but I didn't own an Android phone.  When I saw the ad last weekend, I bought this phone at Radio Shack for only $49.99 on sale.  After playing with this phone for three hours, there are so great things about this phone but there are also some terrible things with this phone.1.  Great ringtones!  I love them!2.  I love the live background.3.  It has built-in Wi-Fi.4.  It handles 32 GB SD card with ease.5.  Its UI is awful.  iOS is far more superior.6.  Its camera is garbage grade.7.  Its music player (Google Play) is very good.  Currently, Google allows you to upload 20,000 songs in the cloud for free.  Furthermore, it downloaded album cover for most of the albums.8.  The OS would freeze for no reason.9.  Battery life is only OK.10. It is bulky.11. It is also heavy.12. It does not have a front facing camera.13. The back cover for the battery feels fragile.14. The OS can be customized.15. The speaker is fairly loud.16. I like the long pull out keyboard.17. Call sound quality is average.Overall, it is the cheapest Android phone I have found so far.  It is definitely a good buy if saving money is the number one priority.  As far as the UI for a smart phone is concerned, look elsewhere.

Got this Phone super fast too bad within 2 weeks it was dead. Turned it off then went to turn it back on and wouldn't turn on. Not happy with this purchase!

Very nice, now to learn it, lol God bless you all, thank you much, my friends are now happy also

I picked mine up for $79 and was not expecting much from an Android phone at such a low price point. I will say the Rise makes a great entry-level device for someone who wants an actual QWERTY keyboard. The processor is powerful enough to handle the needs of most casual users. While the display may not turn any heads, it does a passable job for web browsing and navigation. This isn't the most capable device for video and pictures...but again, this is an entry-level prepaid phone, so a reasonable person wouldn't expect that anyway.I have a Galaxy Note 2 as my primary phone. Even with a high-end phone like that, I'm not at all shy to recommend the Kyocera Rise. It is a respectable device for budget-minded folks who want the Android experience. With a 1 Ghz processor and ICS, this phone is far from being a relic. It's main feature (the QWERTY keyboard) worked well enough for composing this entire review.  That's a feat I likely wouldn't have attempted with my QWERTY-less Note 2.

This is a big improvement over my old Samsung Intercept.  It is much smoother to use and has a more sophisticated OS.  The camera is average.  It took some good pics of my kids outdoors but it blurs with any motion.  I do not mind paying the extra 10 dollars per month because it so much nicer to use.

This phone is a headache. It feels like it has barely enough performance to run Android, much less run the average apps nowadays. I have to limit the number of apps to around 20 or less, or else it feels like it drags. Even still, it takes forever for things to open and switching between apps. I don't know if it's an issue with Google Maps or some other process running in the background but there is a tendency for the phone to drain on its own if you leave something open. And I'm still dealing with the mystery of why it really heats up in my pants pocket when I leave it in the gym locker. I can't last more than a day of limited usage without charging. It's quite nice having the full keyboard but you'll find that it's often not fully supported on different sites. This is a pain because sometimes you want to type a number or a symbol (like in passwords), but you have to collapse the keyboard, and rotate the phone to portrait orientation to allow the on-screen keyboard to show up so you can touch the button that way--therefore defeating the purpose. Pair all this with Virgin's spotty service and you've got a recipe for frustration every time you try using it. Honestly, the phone is not worth more than it's $40 sale price. It'll get you going if you just plan to text, take some pictures, and use basic apps. Beyond that, you can forget about it.

I am not a big phone  user and this has way more than I need, but the price was right.Easy to use and if I wanted to text, email etc. you could do it with this phone.

I purchased this phone a little over a year ago and have had nothing but problems since! apps lag or force close, phone is slow to unlock or answer calls, battery only lasts a few hours, recently upgraded to the ZTE Awe an love it! completely blows this Kyocera crap out of the water!!

Good android it has a lot of bells whistles for a budget friendly phonePro'sAccess to Google playThere's GPS navigationvoice command searchingGoogle music managerGoogle GmailThe google music manager offers you the option to use their music software to load music into the phone from your PC or desktop also there is a headphone jack for listening to music or audiobooks, Netflix, youtubeThe phone has a fairly responsive touch screen & the phone offers two nice typing options there's the virtual keyboard but if you prefer a real keyboard there is a slide out keyboard the phone has 1.83GB there is also a micro SD card slot to expand the phones storage, another plus is the phone is wifi enabled so you can use your home network if you preferCon'sThe phone takes photo's & video but it has No front facing camera in fact the camera takes low grade photo's there is no auto focus. also the slide out keyboard is slightly difficult to slide out without accidentally throwing the phones screen out of whack, next issue the battery drains power fast so be sure to fully charge the phone or get a car charger for trips away from home & swipe away any unused stored pages to help with this issueThis phone is a Virgin Mobile model their plans are a bit pricey & even if the phone comes unlocked you'll have a hard time finding a provider that can provide service to this phone outside of Virgin mobileAs stated earlier the plans are not as budget friendly as some other providers especially if you're use to Net10 $15 a month or At&t; $25 a month plansKeep in mind you'll have to pay the full price of your chosen plan Upfront their lowest plan is currently priced at $35.00 per month that gives you 300 minutes of talk time & unlimited texting & data on VM's 3G network some may find that appealing if they do not talking much on their phones & prefer mostly textingYou can use a top up cards to add minutes to the 300 also keep in mind this plan is month to month your minutes won't rollover after the month ends nor will you get any startup minutes as a new customer as some other providers offerSo far I like the phone it's considered an entry level smartphone though it use to retail for a $100, the price has dropped due to the newer tech phones out there with more to offerThat said you may not like this phone if you're a former Iphone user or you have used the super new droid model phones currently on the market you maybe too spoiled by those amazing phones to feel comfortable with this phone entry level model, that said it's a nice phone for the price give or take some minor annoyances last note: this phone uses Ice Cream Sandwich instead of the latest Jelly Bean in case that info is important to you. thanks for reading.

Well..... blah. ;PThis phone has been such a disappointment. I've had it for over 6 months, and I just can't take it any more.The Virgin Mobile service is great (except for a few limitations of the Sprint carrier coverage). I've really enjoyed the service and value, but Virgin just doesn't have any other phones available with enough usefulness for a good price on this mid-range plan.Bad:1. KEYBOARD. I got this phone because I wanted to explore the world of smart phones, and I wanted to be sure I got one with physical buttons for fast and facilitated texting. It's -ok- ... but I've had a Samsung and an LG before this and they were much better. The worst thing about this keypad is that the SPACE bar, even though it is wide, must be pressed In The Middle .. or it doesn't register the entry!! There are other sloppy things about sliding the keyboard out that are bothersome too, like it will think I typed something when I am just sliding it into position!! My LG was very good about not messing that up, but I had to leave the LG behind when I moved to Virgin from MetroPCS (which was a fairly good service too, for the price)2. NOTIFICATIONS. Another great thing about the LG was that it would gently beep an alert every 15 minutes to let me know I'd received a voice mail or text (if had missed it by being in a loud place). THIS phone is made more for the person who takes their phone out and looks at it every 5 minutes or so, because it's main notification is just a flashing LED .. ;P ... and IF you want an audio alert, the only setting is to have it screech every minute... and boy does it screech! It's like some kind of awful Smoke Alarm sound!... and it warns you before you turn it on that it will greatly drain the battery.. well, No Wonder! ;P3. CAMERA. The camera takes consistently BAD photos. I had 2 megapixel cameras that took better pictures than this 3.2 one.4. RESTARTS. geeeeeeez, maybe the Worst Thing is all the Random Restarts this thing does! ... sometimes 3 or 4 times a day!! Once in a while even when I'm in the middle of a text, but usually when it is just sitting in the holster or on the desk, idly, nothing toching it, nothing going on.. then CHIME... another random restart ;P .. Best I have been able to find online is that this is maybe an out of memory issue, but I've added a Huge flash card to it.. and... I've even turned off background services for most things.. which HAS reduced the restarts, but not stopped them.The battery life isn't too bad... goes a day or two on one charge.. but I'm so sick of this phone, I've going to have to leave Virgin just to get away from it :/

It was a gift for my son. It just stopped working 2 days ago. I will see if I can return it.

This phone is excellent if you're just wanting a standard smart phone for a cheap price. I enjoy it a lot and haven't had any issues so far. My only complaint is the calling system which is a bit tricky to navigate especially when adding contacts. But this phone is cheap and gives you everything you would need in a smartphone (or at least what I think you would need).

The phone kept jamming on the homepage. Plus, the phone had internet connectivity issues.I bought it brand-new and that was the main issue.

I just switched to Virgin Mobile recently. It's the best value in cell service on the market. Easily. I went with this phone because the price, and the fact that it has a QWERTY keyboard. I'm a sucker for a physical keyboard.The phone is snappy quick. It has a 1GHZ processor and a dedicated GPU. It breezes through ICS like silk. No lag whatsoever. I can even play some 3D games on the phone. Bonus. The speaker is loud and clear, the OS is not loaded with too much bloatware, and ICS is a robust, lean OS. It's way better than any of the Android 2.X operating systems.Also, the phone is durable. I've dropped it many times, and instead of looking like a shattered, useless brick like some other phones, ahem...It sustains the impact and keeps on working.My biggest gripe with this phone is the Camera. It's garbage. 3.2MP, no autofocus (rendering apps like barcode scanner useless), and the video camera doesn't go at a full frame rate. It does have a flash, which is nice, but otherwise...complete crap.I still recommend this phone.

Can't beat the phone prices and the unlimited text and data for thirty five dollars. Casper had it right! Go with it!

My sister had virgin mobile replace this phone 3 times. Screen kept coming off, she didn't know whether to laugh or cry about it anymore. Finally gave up... love their service,dislike their phones.. ended up calling it a zombie phone.. no screen but still seems to play her alarm at 7am?

I got this phone as a gift for my b/f. Was his first Android phone and he liked it at first. He liked the slide out keyboard as he was new to texting.  Then after about a week, it got stuck in emergency call only (ICE) mode and I had to do a hard reset to get it out of it. Then the screen started going black in the middle of anything he was doing, and he would have to restart the phone. And finally after about a month, the screen went black for good and the phone was worthless!

phone is very VERY slow. usually when im txting or typing in general im a whole word ahead of the phone and i have to stop for the phone to catch up. internet sucks.. seems slower then a dial up connection. one of the most annoying things about this phone is when im trying to make a phone call it can take up to 30 seconds just to bring up the dial pad. and then when you i try to end a call it usually takes 10 to 15 seconds just for it to disconnect. i do not suggest this phone. spend the extra money and get something better. you will be glad you did.camera is nothing to call home about.. but its not that bad. it does its job.

In September I ordered a Kyocera Rise from Virgin Mobile for approximately $100 plus shipping and handling. By the first week of October I emailed them to say the phone was faulty and did not work correctly. They sent a replacement that would not even turn on. I sent the replacement back. They were supposed to send a second replacement. On Nov. 20 I called to inform them I never received it. They told me it was on back order, which I suppose they expected me to know telepathically, as no one with the company actually notified me of this. Meanwhile, I am using a phone that turns itself off in the middle of texting someone and can only be turned on when I find an outlet and plug it in. I asked for a refund instead, rather than wait for a replacement to be available, particularly because Virgin Mobile customer service folks had no idea when I could expect one and also because the glitches on the phone were continuing to worsen to the point that it rarely ever turned on. I was informed a refund was no longer possible because 30 days had passed since I ordered it, despite having an email trail that shows I was trying to work with them for a replacement ever since I ordered it. All they offered in lieu of the bad service was to wait for a replacement (with no date when it would be available), accept a replacement phone of lesser value (a Venture currently on sale for $20) or accept a $35 to $45 credit in lieu of the $100 phone plus $20 in shipping costs. I have been with this provider since 2009, and once recommended them, but not after this. In essence, Virgin Mobile penalized me for trying to work with them for a usable product replacement. I will not use them again, nor will I recommend them. To top it off, it is very hard to understand what their customer service reps are saying on the phone, not because they have an accent, but because the connection is always bad. That should have been my first clue.

Great price! Easy to activate, works great! Loaded my contacts in just minutes! logged into face book with ease. The qwerty key is neat!

This phone for the price is well worth it. I've had many android phones, I chose this one as a replacement for my last mostly due to the keyboard. On screen keyboards I can't stand.While this phone does reboot randomly, it's more like every few days and hasn't been an issue for me. The phone software has been updated since i've gotten it so that's a plus as most manufacturers refuse to update(security compromised without updates).I've dropped it a few times and the phone still works with no issues.

Switched to VM so I could get a slider qwerty keyboard. Started setting up contacts and apps and all was fine. Then I set up voicemail and discovered I have a blown speaker. Returning it for a replacement; will review when I get a Rise that works correctly.

El producto y la fecha de entrega fue excelente. Solo que aca en Venezuela no hay ese tipo de telefonia, pregunto, se puede desbloquear?

Terrible reception and battery life.  Screen went black 2 days off warranty and neither Virgin Mobile nor Kyocera would help.  Best Buy tried to download info from the phone but couldn't due to the black screen.

Love Love love this phone!! :)

This is my first smartphone, and I'm very pleased with the Kyocera Rise. This phone becomes much more useful once you install some useful apps on it. The most important app to install on this phone in my opinion is Google voice. Also, I like 'TouchPal Keyboard V5' for typing and 'swypeing'. The slide out keyboard on the Kyocera Rise is not as important as I thought it would be. I sometimes use the slide out keyboard when I need a little more screen real estate when I type a long email or text message. But most of the time I use the virtual keyboard in portrait mode instead.Of course the camera is lousy, and so is the battery life. But the phone is only $63. And if you have google voice, you can switch to a different phone very easily sometime in the future if you feel like it.

I love my kyocera rise as well as my virgin mobile service.  I have no complaints.  Access to plenty of apps, swipe touch screen keyboard, as well as qwerty keyboard.  Perfect, really.

Love the coverage...always had Verizon which is supposed to be the best coverage in my area but virgin mobile beats it hands down. reception and volume fantastic.  Watching Netflix movies is so much fun.  Buffers maybe once during whole movie.  Headphones fit nicely too. I like the memory.  Im not a pro at that stuff but I keep downloading apps and I don't even have a memory card in it.  Phone doesn't heat up while watching a movie either.  receives texts while texting and you can see both at the same time...I like that!  Has 3g everywhere.  Does have wifi too.  Was gonna upgrade when I could afford it, this was just a temporary phone, but I think I will hang onto this a little longer!

I received it in a very timely manner. It was in excellent shape. Awesome price as I tend to be pretty hard on my phones. This is my second or third one. It even had a screen protector on it which I appreciated cause I can never get them on. Would order again. And, will when I destroy this one.

I wanted to like this phone, really. I had read all the reviews and hoped I would be one of the lucky ones with no problems. With Amazon's great return policy and the low price I gave it a shot. It was great the first day (it was an upgrade from my old texting phone). I liked the qwerty keyboard, the camera, etc. But the next day it started with all the glitching. It would take a few tries to bring it back from sleep and the screen would flicker for a second. Then when I got a call it stayed frozen (I couldn't answer) until I was able to plug it in. Then not even plugging in helped. I had to take the battery off for at least 30 minutes before it would come on but the screen was all distorted. This was last night. I ordered another model on Virgin's website and will be returning this one when I get that one.This morning, after I had to remove the battery for a while again to get to use the phone it seems to be ok. But how can one put up with a phone full of glitches right out of the box? And it seems these problems I have are the same as the other 1-star reviewers had.

I'm new to smart phones and new to Virgin Mobile, but so far I'm impressed.  Still learning, but I expect to continue to be impressed if the reviews were at all accurate.  Love the slider keyboard.

This is my first Android phone, as I am a former BlackBerry user (Bad Experience).  I absolutely love this phone.  I bought it at an amazing price, and the activation was painless and I kept my old phone number.  I have several apps on my phone, and the operation is very smooth.  I would highly recommend this phone.

To be safe, I'm gonna use the battery defender app on the play store, but I can't help but think that people shouldn't overload their phones. It's not like you're able to use more than one app at once anyway. Besides, this thing is faster and better than my iPod touch 4th gen. Only difference is the hard drive limitation. But technically I never used all 64 gb's on my hard drive so that's okay. I'm not sure why some people think the wi-fi sucks. Maybe I just have great hotspots, because I was able to stream video in high quality while Virgin Mobile's 3G streaming had to be low quality. I did that just as a test.I'm gonna have to be careful about letting the battery get drained but this thing seems pretty good. More than satisfies my needs. Hell, I might use this full time and start experimenting on my iPod. Maybe install Lubuntu on it.

With the slide out keyboard, and Android 4.0 OS, I find the usefulness of this phone to be quite high. I have never liked the on-screen keyboards most smartphones offer. I prefer having physical keys and this meets that need. The Android OS is also easier to understand than the Mac iPhone one. Very happy with this purchase.

This phone is broken. DO NOTBUY THIS PHONE. Kyocera should be ashamed of this abomination. HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE.

It's a great basic smartphone.  However, it has a few problematic bugs.  Two or three times a week the phone will randomly reboot.  Turning on the WiFi radio, either alone or by turning off airplane mode, freezes the phone about half the time.  Occasionally the WiFi will stop passing traffic despite remaining connected and has to be cycled to restore traffic, but again half the time the phone will just freeze up completely.  After doing factory resets as instructed, Virgin replaced the phone, but the replacement has the same problems.  If you don't use WiFi at all these problems might not affect you.  As for me, I'm shopping for a different phone.

Bought this for $20 shipped for my 3-year-old. Works great for him and would even be a good phone for an adult. Cheaper than an innotab with better and cheaper games!

I bought this phone for my wife.  She had another android prior to this one that she mainly used for voice/text but it was often too slow for apps.  This phone performs much better and when combined with Virgin's unlimited data plan she has found far more uses for it than her old phone.  Everything about this phone is pretty good but not great but for the price it's a great deal.

My 11 year oldreally wanted a touch screen phone, I knew I wanted no contract so I looked on the Virgin web site and found this one, so of course I came to Amazon for a better price. It was shipped quickly, and seems to be a really nice little phone for as cheap as it is ( price wise)  she loves it and can do anything on it that I can do on my $250 phone. If I ever need a new one I would definitely get one for myself.

This phone fell apart after 6 months of use. Literally came apart in two pieces held together by a piece of cable that powered and talked to the keyboard. It had a lot of problems constantly crashing and needing rebooting. It sometimes randomly rebooted in the middle of the night even while I was asleep and not using it. It would wake me up with all the noises it makes upon restart.It did have a lot of space.It ran pretty much most of the programs I wanted it to run except the uno game that previously ran on my Motorola slider phone I had with Verizon a few years back. I was disappointed cause outside of Solitare, Uno is a favorite before bed activity. I replaced it with a lg slider from straight talk that they run for $20 all the time. Which ran stable but had no space for apps. It could barely call itself an android. So in the end all the shottiness of the rise construction wise I miss it deeply.  The sad thing is they do not cater to those of us who prefer the qwerty keyboard on our phones for messaging. We get new better models last. I hate on screen keyboard options. I love the slider keyboard option I just want a bigger screen and more stable operation.

Haven't used it too much yet, but so far I have no complaints.  I'm a texter so I NEED the full qwerty keyboard.This keyboard works good. the buttons have good sizing and spacing. I sometimes forget my phone in my pocket when skateboarding, and this phone has a little weight to it. I don't think it will break easily.  Also the screen looks great. bright colors and very well defined.  I think all phones have good screens by now though.for the price I'm very satisfied with this phone.

It was not what I thought it would be and customer service at Virgin Mobile are not trained properly to assist you in any problems you may be having with this phone. Returned it the next day.

I really love my new Keyocera Rise, Its perfect for my mobile needs.Virgin Mobile has more affordable plans than my last provider. It was shipped very fast.I am very pleased.

love the buyerim so with my phone thank u so much the phone was like new but the charger did not work but had a other one

I purchased this phone for my wife for Christmas to take advantage of the $50 price. I thought it was unlikely I would find a comparable phone as inexpensive and as good as this one anytime soon. I believe I was right. I really wanted to get it for myself also, but I did not have the budget for it. Fortunately for me, my daughter did and surprised me with the same model phone I surprised my wife with. Anyway, my phone replaces an LG Optimus V, which is a decent phone but antiquated by Android standards; it is under powered, slow and I was always bumping into the limit for installing apps to the phone memory. The Rise does not have these problems. It is very fast, and has room for all of the apps I installed on it. In fact, I was moving apps to the SD card and ran out of space on the SD card before internal memory. I got a bigger SD card, so I am going to start moving some of those apps back to the card.There are two problems that bother me with my phone (my daughter purchased it at Best Buy, not Amazon). 1. It occasionally freezes when accessing wi-fi. At least that seems to be the common reason. It may be I overloaded it with apps, so I will see what happens after I move some of them to the card. 2. As has been mentioned by others, the camera stinks. Its not just that the quality is bad, it just does not focus, so I cannot use it to scan bar codes. I would not normally use it as a camera anyway, but I do like to scan products when I see something I like and I want to wish list it or look for a better price. So with this phone I have to manually enter the product ID.I could live without the keyboard feature; Swype actually works quite well with this version of Android, and for me is faster than the keyboard. I have used it for reading Kindle books though, as the horizontal orientation is closer to a tablet view and I can use the arrows to navigate.Sorry folks, this is the kind of review I hate to read; too wordy and not to the point. The bottom line is I like 99% of the phone and would give it 5 stars if not for the crappy camera and I may even forgive it the freezing. I may have a lemon, because my wife's doesn't freeze. But about all she has installed is Facebook and Skype. Oh, I forgot to mention battery life. Yes it is not great, but from what I have seen so far, no worse than the Optimus V. And I use Juice Defender, which helps alot.For $50, which is what we paid for these phones before Christmas, this is a great phone. In fact even if the price goes back up to $100 I'd still say it is worth it, but I would be trying to find it at a lower price. Actually I am going to look for another phone with a better camera in the $100 range. I'll find one.Update to this review:I did ditch the Rise when my daughter got me an iPhone as part of a Sprint family plan. I am not happy with the plan cost, but the iPhone is a huge improvement over the Rise (of course it costs 10x as much). If I had it to do over again, I would save for the iPhone 5 on Virgin. But when the contract is up, I will go back to Virgin. I just hope the $35 per month deal is still around then. My wife still has the Rise, and she uses it everyday. It still crashes at least 2 or 3 times per day. Sadly, I would no longer recommend the Rise.

I was used to samsung phones, but my dog chewed it up.  I was nervous about Kyocera for its low price & limited models... yet have owned the 3 before.  They have never been a smartphone choice until now!  Its pretty fast switching between screens & all my apps loaded fine.The bad.  The activation process was crazy!  The wrong instructions online & phone doesn't walk you through the process either.  I had to figure it out myself, correcting Virgin mobiles errors in the steps and serial #s.  Another problem was my plan was no longer 'grandfathered' with same rates.  I paid $25 for 300 mins and unlimited everything else (even data!).  Now i must pay $35 since i've upgraded, smh.The phone screen is as big as the other phones, despite comparison online.  The screen resolution isn't as crisp as samsung, htc, or iphone, but its acceptable.  This phones competition is $100-$300+, yet I got this phone for under $50!  This phone is worth it, if you're willing to save money on style points & brand familiarity.  I do enjoy iPhone, but i got an ipad & not really an Apple fan.  The Galaxy S II is nice, but a Galaxy Reverb, Exhibit, or INtercept is all the same to me, just slim & expensive.Smartphones are dominant device, yet tablets & laptops are sharing user's attention.  What I started loving on smartphones, I now do on tablets... what I love to do on tablets, just enhances my love for laptop's keyboard & stable browsers, word processing, & speeds under the hood.  I think smartphones aren't decreasing ownership, but its enjoyment lies within useful or funny apps.  Its time for some development & changes before tablets steals the limelight by showcasing digital media better.The Tech Junkie :PFast & free shipping by Amazon, cheapest price online, & Virgin mobile sold out! ..thank you, AMAZON!

I really like this phone, but I'm not a heavy mobile phone user. I like the slider and the simple navigation tools. YouTube looks like poo and freezes easily, so if you plan on watching a lot of videos on your phone, you might want to pass on this one.

My son had to replace his Virgin Mobile phone since the screen of his old phone split in half...he opened this one...changed it over and came to me saying "This is great!" I am guessing that it has all he wanted in a phone without spending a few hundred bucks. Score one for mom...Well this is August 2013 I got this phone for my son in March 2013..now it is falling apart. Five months old and the body is separating from the phone. Can't return it so take this edited review for what its worth to you I got screwed on it.

I switched from the samsung optimus slider to this phone about two months ago. The samsung is priced at twice the amount of this phone and I much prefer this phone, it even has better specs. The processor in this phone is great, it supports flash software for games etc, the screen is a decent size and the camera has flash. It looks and feels a little cheap and this fact as well as the kyocera brand not being as well known is probably why this phone is priced so affordably. The screen isn't as crisp and bright as some phones but it's not bad either. The biggest perk to this phone vs. other smart phones is the battery life. Other androids I have owned have drained battery every 6-10 hours (depending on the phone) with moderate use... this baby can quite easily go 24 hours between charges, and it charges  quickly! And I'm just using the default battery, not even an extended one! In the past I have always charged my phone overnight (bad for the battery, I know) and usually additionally throughout the day but I don't even have to bother with this phone, I just charge it as needed, which isn't inconvenient given the quick charge time. I don't know what this phone does differently but other smartphone companies need to take a hint! It might not be the sleekest phone I have owned but it's my favorite and I can't get over the price. This phone is pretty durable too: it has been dropped, thrown (accidentally), with no damage to the  screen or phone hardware. The slider qwerty is a little on the stiff side when sliding but I think this trait probably makes for a more durable phone. I wish it had focus settings (like a macro option) but maybe there's an app for that. I highly suggest this phone to anyone on a budget, it's a very smart buy.

it is just what I wanted and needed. I needed to be able take cc with my square, and this phone does that.....so am happy with my purchase.

I bought this because it was on sale for $20. You do get what you paid for. The phone seems to love to reset when location services are working, that is, when I am using it for voice directions.Quite annoying.

Glad I bought this phone. For the money it's a great deal and phone. I especially like the pull out keyboard.

I got this phone for my 13 y/o son as an upgrade to his not so great droid phone - he loves it...

It glitches once in a while , but I mean all together , to sum it up , this phone works great and last a long time for such a cheap and convenient price on Amazon.com and other sellers .

for the money it's a good phone. but it freezes up from time to time. when it freezes you have to take the battery out to get it working again

This is my first smart phone and it is very user friendly. It is a quick, responsive phone that handles multitasking very well! As with all new things. It took a little getting used to. But is very user friendly and I was enjoying everything it had to offer within minutes of activation! Cannot compare to other smart phones, but for my first I was very impressed with just about all aspects of it!

straight to the point first got it great ow it has been less than a month n is acting up im very ocd about the condition of my phone so i like to keep it up to par battery dies quickly and jus auto dials everbody o  ur contact list maybe its ust me but uhhh

Only get this phone if you want a keyboard phone really bad. I mean REAL bad. I loved the keyboard on this phone. But thats it. Its a 99 dollar smartphone for a reason. Well, a number of reasons.Camera is horrible. No auto focus. Do not expect to discern the content of close ups.Slow. Apps, like the preinstalled browser take longer and longer to open up.Buggy. It got to a point where every other time I opened the YouTube app or the browser, I got this message &#34;Unfortunetely, _____ has stopped.&#34; Crash to desktop.The only redeemable quailty, again, is the keyboard.If youre on Virgin Mobile, get an iPhone or an S3. You wont miss the keyboard after a couple of days.

Hands down the worst phone I've ever owned.  This thing will crash, freeze and close apps without warning and do it pretty damn often.  Even my underpowered Optimus V was more dependable then this piece of junk.  Don't waste your money, just save up and go for one of Virgin's midrange sets- don't blow your hard earned cash on this half-baked piece of tech.

I got this phone for my 12 year old daughter and she loves it. It has everythg she needs and the price was right.

This is an underrated phone. I like it, especially for the keyboard, camera is ok but not good enough to work with barcode scanning apps. The apps run ok but don't expect to do gaming on it, basic arcade games like tetris or something like angry birds is good, a side scrolling platformer will be sluggish. Internet is ok. This phone is best for someone like me though, calls and texts. I rarely use a web browser on my phone though I do wish it was better with playing apps. All in all a good basic phone at an awesome price.

I like the keyboard and overall look of the phone but it's so slow. It freezes at least twice a day and I just got it a couple days ago. I don't recommend this phone.

Great phone for the money...does everything I need it to do...Battery life isn't so great but I hear all smart phones are the same way....who needs an Iphone and the bill that goes along with it... Virgin mobile cant beat it.... Im locked in at 25 a month...now its 35 for the plan I have but still a bargain

She loves, the battery is great it's durable she's had it about a year now and it's help up great.

this phone does everything i just find it easy to use and very managable you must try it out greazt

Do. Not. Buy. This phone is hot garbage. Actually, hot garbage is a huge step up compared to this phone. We've been thru two of these things with our teens and they're just too poorly constructed to last. Both phones would randomly turn off/reboot. Both phones would lock-up for indeterminate periods of time. Both phones had their screens wash out and/or get over-pixelated. There's a whole host of other gremlins inside this phone that I don't have time to write about, but suffice to say that it's been an unpleasant experience to own this model.Yeah, I know that low price tag is calling your name; do yourself a favor and ignore it. Better yet, run away as fast as you can to another model of phone. You'll pay more up front perhaps, but you'll be much happier in the long run. Seriously, these things are cheap for a reason - they're junk.

After only a month of use, this phone refuses to work properly. It constantly drops calls (even when I have all my bars), turns itself off and on, freezes, and has absurdly bad call quality. DO NOT BUY IT!

This is the worst phone I've ever had. I've had droids before so I went into this knowing I'd be downgrading. but I've had cell phones better than this in the 90's!! It freezes up constantly if you try to run more than one app. And I'm not talking about anything remarkable here. I mean, it will freeze up in you are listening to Pandora and trying to track your running miles. Everything lags in opening and functioning. I don't even trust the alarm clock on this POS. It's really heavy for it's size and the physical keyboard is pretty cramp and I have really small hands! The keys feel like you have to smash it down for the phone to recognize that you are typing. I end up having to use the touch screen to text constantly and the main reason I got this was for a physical keyboard. I understand the want for a basic, cheap, data phone but I honestly wish I just held out and saved a little more for a better phone.

I ordered online, and it came very timely, even with the holiday shipping. Very easy to set up, and simple to navigate. The only thing I don't like about it is when you take a picture with the phone straight up and upload to Facebook, it uploads sideways. Otherwise, browser is easy to load, love the Swype, touchscreen keyboard, and slide out keyboard options. Would definitely buy this phone again.

Okay... first of all. I came from the EVO from Sprint which I hated most of the time because the battery life was awful. I also got tired of paying $130 a month for two lines. So I made a drastic move and switched to Virgin mobile. For $35 a month for me and $45 for the hubby, it was well worth it. My first VM phone was LG Optimus V which in its own right a good phone. I decided to upgrade to this phone because I like my husband's LG slider phone. I opted for this one 1. PRICE 2. the rave reviews :) 3. the slider and android 4.0 upgraded ice cream sandwich version. I have everything nice to say about this phone.. Best bang for the buck and would you believe it ... it even has a camera flash! So if you are not so big on the latest and greatest technology but want a functional android phone without breaking your wallet, get this phone and you won't regret it.

This is an excellent choice for an entry level android phone!PROS:Well its super cheap! Downloads just fine, plays music with Pandora (using WIFI) seamlessly, still fairly small (compared to the more popular Android phones) and of course it controls just as good. You might see a few reviews about the bad design of the headphone jack. I don't think it's that bad, at least you know where the top of the phone is.CONS:There are not alot of options for assigning notifications to the Virgin apps they give you. The phone consistently tends to get stuck on the internet and playing videos. I though buying a 32gb microSD would give it a little more RAM to work with but this did not help at all. AND (like all android phones) power goes pretty fast when WIFI, Bluetooth, Synching, Live wallpapers, Widgets and GPS are turned on. Virgins apps do not help as they tend to keep wanting you to connect to SOMETHING. So somewhere you gotta sacrifice.SO as long as you're cool with not going on the internet very often or using youtube to show someone that funny cat video, then this phone is great. I have a steady connection to WIFI so music lovers who like pandora will love this phone.

I really wanted to like this phone. The first one I was sent was apparently defective, as the phone itself would turn on, but the screen remained black. I sent it back to the seller, and they sent me a replacement phone. That one seemed fine, and if I'd left this review a week ago, I would have given it five stars. It worked much faster than I would have expected for a lower priced smartphone. A couple of the apps crashed a few times, but all in all, for the price, it was a nice little phone.That said...today my new one started having the same issue as the first. I've had it two weeks, and today the screen went dark. Again, the phone itself it coming on, but the screen remains dark. Only this time, the back light behind the "buttons" on the front are also blinking on and off as well. Now I think this must be some defect that is common with this phone, or at least the batch mine came from.When it stays lit, this is a nice little phone for not much money. It's not the fastest you will find, but the QWERTY keyboard made that well worth it for me, as I never intended to use it for much else aside from texts, Facebook, and checking emails. But given the defect, there are much better phones you could get for not much more in terms of price. In this case, you do get what you pay for.

Ok, I live in a small Idaho college town so getting 4G speeds isn't going to happen so having the bestest newest phones isn't a high priority and since I've never used a cell phone I wasn't looking to impress anybody, all I was looking for was a smartphone that was frugal but robust that had no contract and a cheap plan and the Kyocera Rise fits the bill perfectly. It's only 60$ for the phone and 35$ a month for unlimited data/streaming/texts and 300 talk minutes, which is more than enough for me. Using it has been pretty intuitive although it has taken me forever to find out what micro sdhc cards its compatible with because the 2gb of space it comes with isn't nearly enough, the largest size you can get to is 32gb, while not infinite in scope is decent for an entry level smart phone.I've gone from somebody who thinks people fiddling away with their smartphones were idiots but now I guess I done did have to declare my idiocy.If you're looking for a frugal and robust (has the ice cream sandwich OS, the most current OS) and a cheap no contract data plan and Sprint's network is adequate for your needs then you've found your smartphone.

The product was as described and was delivered promptly and in good packaging.  However, I could not use it due to contract difficulties with Virgin Mobile.  It was a real hassle to return although the sender did ultimately take it back.

Went through 3 of these guys. Breaks and overheats even with the most basic apps. also prone to snapping in half.

Bought this on sale for 50 bucks. Worth every penny. The OS on it is great and the Eco-mode makes the battery last a long time.

I bought this phone at a black Friday sale in November 2012, so I actually paid less than it is listed here... but I have to say it is worth what Amazon is asking for it. My Daughter and her Husband also bought this phone and we all love our phones. This  phone gives big service for a small price.  My previous phone which was a Wildfire something or other and it was way short on phone memory and just plain irritating... even with a big sd card the memory froze up constantly. My awesome little Kiocera Rise phone does just about everything my son's 300 dollar phone does... and just as well! My battery life is pretty fair, I put it on the charger every night... only have to do it more often if the grankids grab it to play all the games they've loaded onto it! Another benefit is that Amazon carries the covers for these phones dirt cheap! So you can buy lots of covers in all kinds of cool designs and not feel like you broke the bank..I give this product two thumbs up! And by the way, I love Virgin Mobile... unlimited text and data..300 anytime minutes for $35 a month... totally awesome! The only upgrade I'd like to have is the front and back facing camera so I could skype on it. I love the camera on this phone too... I know I know... I sound like a commercial.. but this is just soooo much better than the other phone and  cell phone company I was using..

I received the phone faster than I thought and it is working fine. It's a Great phone! It exceeded my expectations!

I have this phone for a few months and the only thing i like about it is the keyboard.I only had it for about 3 days and it suddenly stopped charging.It only charges while it's off and it's super annoying to have to turn it off everytime I want to charge it.It randomly heats up and just dies.It freezes and the screen goes black at random times.It also closes out of apps all the time.and I mean, it's own apps.It might be good for people who don't know how to use a smartphone and want to learn but that is it.This phone is terrible, otherwise.

Ever since I bought this crap phone, it shuts itself off constantly, it's forever freezing, not allowing me to access my messages, the play store or even my browser. It's worthless. It cuts my phone conversations and decreases the volume as I'm talking so I can't even hear the other person. I have to remove the battery and reboot it several times a day because it just stops working.Pros: $35/month for unlimited everything through virgin mobileCons: EVERYTHING. Getting it to actually work is a pain in the ass. $35 down the drain. It works on 3G, but if you use a lot of data, it defaults to 2G. I send my sister texts and pics and she receives them 3-4 days later. Don't rely on this phone for emergencies. You'll die by the time you can reach someone.

Like the magazine reviews say it is a cheap phone but i still like it. The main attraction is android OS 4.0.4 which runs smoothly but did freeze on me once requiring pulling the battery and reinserting it. And i wasn't multitasking. The camera i compared to the LG Optimus V which produced a superior image. I took the same photo on each camera and the Optimus had better detail even though they are both 3.2 megapixel. I viewed them both on the kyocera rise. ( I took the micro SD card out of the Optimus after taking the photo and put it into the Rise and retook the photo and then viewed them.) The camera is a weak point of the Rise as several people have pointed out. Google Voice/Groove IP works well on the Rise to enable free phone calls over wifi. It may be optimized for the later android systems as it lagged some on the Optimus with Os 2.2.2. I've had the phone for a week and so far am pleased with it.note: The clock has had the wrong time on several occasions.note after 2 months: It's true that the phone freezes sometimes and it randomly reboots itself occasionally. Each has happened about 4 times in 2 months.one more note: I just had 3 days where the phone rebooted maybe 10 times. And sometimes it doesn't see the micro SD card. And some of the apps crash. My LG Optimus V didn't have any of these problems. I may be forced to go back to it.I removed some apps and it may have saved this phone.

Had 2 phones for six months.  Both lock up and drop calls.  See the phone reviews from Virgin Mobile to be convinced this is a piece of garbage.  The first thing is the phone drops calls due to updating, turning itself off, etc.  The second is Sprint network in my area is the worst (Orlando, Fl) and it drops calls like crazy!  Battery life decent on phone calls, but not on regular texting and web!  Phone will turn off and on by itself frequently and also will lock up constantly.  Virgin mobile does not like to loose customers as you will have to get their account number to switch providers and they may give you the run around when you ask your own account number which is not your phone number, even though their website says so.  Bottom line: Phone looks good and qwerty seems great, but service and phone's updating and malfunctions are ridiculous for our times!Buy at your own risk, but you will regret it, guaranteed!!!

I bought 2 of these last Chrismas and they both still work well for texting, GPS, surfing the internet, and downloading apps. The only issue is the loud speaker is failing on one. I would still recomend this phone and Virgin Mobile's service.I have been useing for Pandora, Netflix, NFL Mobile, Wikipedia, YouTube, GPS, Kindle, texting, making phone calls, and playing multiple games on a daily bases for the last year with no issues.

I like my Kyocera Rise, and while it is not perfect, it is good enough for me. It is comfortable to hold and look at(right size for my moderately sized hand), but the pix elation isn't flawless. The camera sucks and the camera flash is useless.The slide out keyboard is sweet. It has a nice feel to it and is spaced well.The memory is small, but I don't keep much on this phone. Runs cool and hasn't gotten hot yet. Eco Mode is great and helps quite a bit on battery life, but even then, battery life is terrible.Love virgin mobile's service. Nice rate(price of phone too). No contract. Great customer service so far.Pros: Keyboard, size, etc...Cons: HUGE GLITCH: Don't let it fall asleep while in keyboard mode. Immediately shuts down. Won't turn on sometimes (***ONLY turns on when connected to charger***)This maybe just me, but it is something to think about.Name: ElizabethHad Phone for 2 days)If I find anything else wrong with it, I'll update. *********************************************************:)^^Update: 11/28/12This phone is not very mobile! I can't turn it on without plugging it in! It won't stay on either.What is the use of having a mobile phone that won't turn on? So I called customer service in India and I was on my home phone for at least 45 min. I really didn't get anywhere.DownGrading review to 1.:(

I used this as a poor man's iphone for an entire year until it started to come apart!  what's more is that I never dropped it.  if there's no way to fix this, then this phone is truly a piece of garbage.  The other big issue I have with this phone is that it doesnt always register a charge when you connect the charger (and I've tried several different ones).  You get what you pay for and this phone was a $40 special on sale at Target last year.

This is my first smart phone and I have had it for about 3 months. I chose it because of the sliding keyboard.I can't compare it with the likes of the iphone or one of those Samsung ones, but I should hope that thereare ones on the market that don't freeze on occasion. I keep reminding myself that it does this because, afterall, it IS basically a handheld computer. This phone does not take the best pics at night, and under lowlightconditions, but I would not say it's that bad. What irritates me is the speaker feature-no matter when I use it,the person on the other end will say that they cannot understand me unless I take it off speaker mode. It also shutsitself off at random (when not in use) and restart itself. Perhaps this is just what some smartphones do as a way toautomatically update firmware? Many of the games I have downloaded will freeze also, like Uno friends and Dots, butthis may be a problem with the games themselves, and not the phone. I have also found that the Rise sometimes has considerablelag when moving from one feature to the next. Overall, a descent phone for first time smart phone users. It bridges the gapfor those of us who are still getting used to being at the 'mercy' of touch screen operations!

Doesnt receive pic messages and has some kinda of default networking stuff comes up every time I get a text.So now it just sits in my desk drawer

The sliding action could be improved upon.  It's a tough slide that you seem to have to use some oomph with.  The phones sound system isn't the best (I am deaf in one ear) a lot of the times I have to have it on speaker phone to hear the other end.  For the price, you get what you pay for.  Monthly charges really cannot be beat the contract companies.

This is a really nice phone, and the virgin mobile service has been good too! I bought both of my teenage daughters this phone and they both love the size of the screen and the slide out keyboard!

The specs an reviews on this phone said it works with a sim card...so I ordered it as a gift for my little cousin,  I received a cdma phone..cant use a sim card, wifi an everything else works great but cant make no calls cause I dont live in the USA..

I was looking for a cheap smart phone that could make/ take calls, check emails, and find directions via Google maps. This phone does all that, and costs way less than other phones (and other phone plans). I don't have any additional apps besides the few that came pre-loaded, so speed is no problem. And I like the raises keys on the keyboard.

I've had mine for only 5 months and it really sucks. Now I can't connect to my wifi and when i turn the wifi off to go to 3g my battery dies easily also with the 3 g on with that said when you have it on the 3g function it heats up. Do you really want a phone that heats up anytime you are out and have the 3g running?!?!?!?! No well i thought so. Please don't buy this phone save yourself the effing grief that I am going through. Save your money and buy a phone that's worth having.

I've read a lot of complaints about this phone.  Whichever complaints I have are minor and for what I spent I'm kicking myself for ever spending what I did for smartphones.  I've had a iPhone 4 and a Nokia Lumia 900 and while they were superior phones the plans were killing me.  Being short on funds I sold both and bought this which I use with Virgin Mobile only paying $45 a month, and downgraded to this one.  No it isnt nearly as fast, the camera isnt nearly as good. But it does everything a smartphone can do. A plus is the physical keyboard-after trying many dumphones this one is the only smartphone with one. I absolutely hate touchscreen typing.  For the price this is an awesome phone. Just dont expect it to be like an expensive phone.

I've been using this phone for a couple of weeks and I'm new to Virgin Mobile as well.The Kyocera Rise and Virgin Mobile has not let me down.  Both phone and service has been dependable where I live/play. The battery life out of the box is OK but I did download and use Juice Defender, and this has extended the battery life to about 24 hours.  It has been able to pick up WIFI flawlessly, 3G when needed and voice quality, according to friends, is normal. I would not hesitate recommending this phone!One quirk I have stumbled across, the phone did lock up on me twice.  Both times I was playing around and toggled the WIFI option on/off and put the phone asleep, each time when trying to wake phone it froze and I had to take battery out/replace.  I stopped toggling the WIFI (it's automatic when set to on) and I have not had one issue since. (I also decided to use pin instead of swipe for security) Also, it takes about 2 hours to fully charge phone the next day.Phone is simply amazing for the price...UPDATED April 11, 2013 - still finding joy in this phone and Virgin Mobile... no complaints yet, I'm looking to get a year out of the phone, halfway there at 6 months!UPDATED July 17, 013 - it still rocks, found that some battery savers will crash phone so I'm sticking with Juice Defender.  Also, now using Smart Launcher and the phone seems to be using less resources as well as running smoother...UPDATE February 2014 - This phone is now retired and I've upgraded to a LG F3, but the Rise was still working and working well, just wanted to get a new phone :)

I changed from a two year plan to a pre-paid phone plan.  I was worried about the phones and phone service a pre-paid no-contract plans offered.  To my surprise, the phone exceeds my expectations and the service is just as good as the service I had with the contract plan.

Already sold and went to Samsung S-3 and Verizon service although I don't know how much longer I can afford to. I cannot find work and trying to get by on SS doesn't quite cut it.

very slow and lags also glitches a lot. i would go with the galaxy s2 if i were you .

just bought 3 from %%^^^&** shack for $20 a piece new in box..(regular $120!!!!).my kids love them 9 , 13 and 18 ...no complaints yet...i guess if your a spoiled ass used to 4g , iphone 5 / etc... you will be a little bummed ...but ..it has google play store ,has android ICS 4.1...plays youtube and all the new games...  and surfs the internet just fine... so we re just fine with it..also REALLY LIKE A REAL KEYBOARD FOR TEXT AND INTERNET....get the $35 a month service from virgin mobile and thats unlimited text/and data  and 300 mins talk time..plenty enough ..also you can get new cases here on amazon for like .34 cents plus shipping!!!  i just bought like 6 of those...take that fancy apple bs and keep it ...im cool with my $20 disposable smart phones any day.

I'm writing this review to hopefully help some people in not making the same mistake that I did.I totally agree with the other reviewers who gave this phone a bad review because it is a bad phone, it is very buggy it freezes up,it lags in trying to do the most basic things and it shuts itself off on its own..I have had the phone for exactly two months,I have not mistreated it and it has just been a damn headache.

I wish I had listened to the many Amazon reviews I read when I was trying to decide if I would buy this phone. Most of them basicly told me it is a piece of crap (an after a while one realizes it is).So first of all I have to explain my &#34;Cell phone history&#34;.First I had a tmobile T10, then a net10 LG 900, the first a very basic phone with no internet an no qwerty keyboard, the 2nd had a qwerty keyboard that could barely get internet at slow speeds with no touchscreen, now this Virgin mobile Kyocera rise.Coming from those, I was in love with this phone at first!I could use the internet, listen to music, take pix an videos, touch the screen!Then after I got used to that upgrade, I realized how compared to an Iphone or the like, it is really bad.Let me count the ways:The touchscreen is not that sensitive, it gets hot, the battery drains away faster than an ice cream cone (ok really only like 7 hours, but that goes by quick if u use your phone every second of the day like most ppl my age), its only good for textin cause the phone reception is really bad, plus if the touch screen is not working I cant press the phone icon!You dont know the many important work calls Ive missed because the stupid touchscreen was not responding an it kepts ringing an ringing while i fervently tap at the screen, only to miss the call. Also, it constantly freezes up then restarts itself out of the clear blue like its possessed or something!The only thing I liked is the Keyboard.Im only grateful I got it on sale for $30 at xmas cause thats all its worth if u really need a phone with internet an want the image of a Smartphone. Please dont pay the $80 retail price.

Got this phone because it was cheap and it served its purpose but way too frustrating to not upgrade now that I have the money. I would say the most frustrating thing is when it randomly powers down and reboots. It seems to do this a lot when using the navigation app, but is also annoying when it does it in the middle of the night and wakes me up with its loud and long start-up screen. This phone's battery life started out fine but now that I have had it for maybe a year, it really struggles. The thing I will miss about it most though is the pull out keyboard.

This is my first android phone and i love it so much I can do any and everything with my new phone and I am so glad that I made the decision to buy this phone.

This phone is a complete waste of money. I bought it for 79.99 a few week ago, and i've regretted it every day since then. The keyboard is a pain, pretty much worthless. It will reboot itself completely randomly, even during a phone call to my boss no less! I have to charge it a few times a day. I only put a few apps on it, facebook, solitare, yahoo im, and candy crush saga. Big mistake. Yahoo mail took forever (about 10 minutes at one point) to load one email, while my now deactivated iphone from sprint did it in a few seconds. Candy crush saga kept freezing for a few minutes at a time, facebook worked okay but not great. I've since deleted all apps and still have the same issues. Spend more money and get a better phone if you keep virgin mobile. It says i have only voice coverage in my area, not 3 or 4g, which i find bizarre considering it runs off of sprint, and i had the iphone 4 through them and had no problems running off of 3g throughout the city. Another issue is the call quality. I've had to tell people to text me instead cause it's horrible. I can barely hear what they are saying if they call from another cell carrier, but home phones seem to work just fine. I've never had that happen to any phone i've ever had. The speaker button, well be cautious when you use it. Even on the lowest volume level its still really, REALLY loud. I went to prepaid to cut down on costs (2 iphones through sprint was costing us 180 a month), but now it seems paying just over a 100 for a phone with verizon would be worth the money.

I love this phone. After upgrading from my LG Optimus Elite, the phone has by far has more features and a better battery life than any other phone I had from Virgin Mobile. The phone itself is silver on the back, which is much nicer looking than black. But to be honest, if you're hands sweat a lot, than the phone will be very slippery. Android 4.0 is way better than 2.3 and its performance is good with a 1 GH processor. The camera on the back doesn't take the greatest pictures in the world, but are ok, just not in the dark. The screen is a 3.5" TFT 320x480 capacitive. To be honest on this one, the screen is kinda crappy. The pixels are noticeable when on a web page, not so much reading a text. The battery life can last me about 14 hours on medium use with ECO MODE on after 50% of battery consumption. Kyocera adds a very nice feature for the battery that try's to limit the consuption of your battery life called ECO MODE. My final say of the phone is that its a great phone to multitask and internet browsing. The build of the phone is somewhat poor because the screen is not Gorilla Glass, so it get scratches on it easily, the back of the phone is slippery and that also gets scratches on it easily too. I would totally recommend this device because at the MSPR price of the phone is $99, you really cant beat that, and the $35 is such a bargain.

It's not high end. The screen resolution is kinda disappointing (The Wildfire really disappointed me, but it's not quite as bad as that) ...It's a nice alternative to those 200$ no contract phones, though. You can't go wrong for 60$. Slide out keyboard is my favorite feature.

I wanted an android phone, but couldn't afford the big, expensive contract that goes along with most of them.  I chose to go with VM's No Contract Phones, and this one does pretty much everything that the really expensive phones do, but at a fraction of the price.  However, if you're one of those people who want to use your phone as a camera, note that this camera, in daylight takes &#34;OK&#34; pictures, but is not good at all in low light.  Pictures and videos are grainy and blurred in low light.

It seems to have everything I need except the kind of auto focus you need to scan UPCs.  It is a wonderful phone.  My 26 and 21 year old sons are impressed with it: they paid $200 for their phones and I paid $30. One thing to note: It is super touch sensitive and was making pocket calls/texts and connecting to apps in my pocket so I just have it password protected now which has stopped the problem.  Sunshine makes it very tough to see, but isn't that most phones?

We have 3 Rise phones now and we love them.  It's one of the best values around when you want a low monthly payment for unlimited data and internet.

it's alright, but it came with limited memory and I needed to upgrade the memory right away for my use. The slide down keyboard is nice and easy to use but i found that I don't use it all that much because the touch screen is faster for quick short messages.

I have had all kinds of problems with this phone.  The worst was that it keeps shutting off on its own.  It even happened once when I was talking on the phone.  Virgin Mobile customer service is replacing it with a different one but I have moved on to a different phone model.

Kyocera Rise Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile) .... this was bought as a birthday gift and she absolutely loves it.

great phone at first, Ive had mine about 6 months and its starting to get retarded, re starting, freezing etc. I bought this with a case and i wanted this phone cause of the keyboard but ifyou have a case on it you can't reach the top keys of the keyboard so it was pretty dumb. Over all i think this is a good virgin mobile phone!

My daughter loves this phone.  Seems like Larger phones are becoming all the rage and this phone is a very nice size and a good weight, which were important for her.  The slider keyboard was also a must and it works great.  So, if she is happy, I am happy!!

People kept telling me that this was an &#34;entry&#34; level phone and that I should go for something more &#34;high tech&#34;, and they were wrong. There's nothing wrong with this phone, there's nothing slow about it, and I have yet to see anything that the pundits told me about this phone. I use it on a daily basis, as part of my business. I'm a freelance writer and webmaster, and use this to keep constant contact with clients and still manage to play games. I've made phone calls for business, and pleasure and texted, none of which are problematic. I upgraded the SD card to a 4GB one, and that's about it. It's a good phone, and if you abuse it, of course it will fall apart. But so would an iphone, so why spend 600 dollars when you can get this one for 35. Contract free, fast, and easy to use Android. I love it.

I like this phone. It isn't as powerful as a lot of other android/iphones out there, but for the price, its well worth it. I am very hard on phones and wouldn't feel bad ruining this as opposed to a $300 phone. The construction is sturdy and I am able to comfortably type on the keyboard with my huge mitts.

...and that's me being polite. I'm not even sure why I gave it more than two stars. Guess I'm feeling lenient this morning but when it arrived, I was initially thrilled! New phone to replace my LG whatever-- granted, I've always been a Samsung girl but change is important; necessary. Right?No. I guess when my phone restarted in my back pocket two days later I should've heeded the warning signs. But I held out for hope. Every phone I received can't be cursed...that would be crazy? And yet, there I was on week two when the sliding keyboard started to get a little...sticky. Didn't really slide out, just grumbled itself open. Turned itself off a few more times. Screen wouldn't turn a few times (whereas I had to remove the battery to get it started again). Strike three was when I had to manually shove the four knobs into the sliding ports so I could open the keyboard.By then I thought, &#34;...I should return this.&#34; When I attempted to do exactly that, the website went &#34;Oh no you can't! You had until July 4th to do that!&#34;Well ain't that a b**** and three quarters. I decided I'd stick it out, cause A phone is better than No phone. However, one fateful Friday night (July 26th if I wanna get specific), as I was leaving the bathroom of my favorite bar around, oh, 10pm or so, the phone drops. The sliver of film keeping the phone together snaps. BAM! And there went the phone. Gone. Oh, well, not quite. The ALARMS still went off and it could make noise but without a screen it's like having a beeper. This is not the 90s.You know what, I'm taking a star back. [Expletive] this phone. [Expletive] this phone SO hard. Fill in the blanks for what that expletive could be. This phone actually gets a 2...out of 5.

It is my first smart phone. I'm glad it works like my tablet, and I bought it from a reliable place.

I'm on my second Kyocera Rise from Virigin Mobile. I had to switch out my original(which made my warranty that I paid for VOID even though it was a hardware malfunction) because the screen freaked out with a bunch of different colors. Before the screen failure, the first Rise was having the same issues my current Rise is having. The phone lags so much that sometimes I have to wait 2-3 minutes before an app opens up. Once the app opens up, more than 50% of the time I will stop trying to use it cause it is either stuck or is lags even more. I can't even make a simple phone call without either giving up or waiting ~5 minutes for the phone to figure itself out. I find it hard to believe that I've had the same crappy issues with two separate Rises. The camera is terrible. If you like taking pictures, spend the extra $50+ for a better phone with a nice camera. I have a feeling I just got extremely unlucky with my phones... but I would not take the chance on it.My suggestion: Spend more on a higher quality phone, or downgrade to a flip phone. DO NOT BUY!

Great sound clarity, good speed surfing the Internet, easy set up and use. So far the only negative comment is that it is heavy. This is not a pocket phone piece of equipment but for briefcase on a handbag.

I have to admit, this arrived a lot sooner than I expected and the packaging was in very good condition. The phone seems to be working just fine. Unfortunately I will not be able to use this for myself, but it will make a great gift for Christmas.

Out of all the different brands of phones I've had in the last 20 years, could it be that somebody actually made a quality phone that stays on when its suppose to, dosen't drop calls at its discretion, and stays charged more than a day. Samsung, Nokia, Motorola, Casio, you guys need to look at Kyocera and see what their doing right.

I am pleased with this phone after a couple weeks of use. I would recommend tis phone to any one getting their first smart phone.

The phone arrived within the time frame indicated. This product is wonderful for a newer low end android. Two more...oh yeah and the keyboard is excellent for those of us with anti touch screen fingers

I had to get a Virgin Mobile phone when I switched from AT&T.;  Fiscally, it was worth it to switch to a much lower cost plan, thus I had to give up my unlocked, small, light, Samsung Galaxy (sniff) slider phone for the Kyocera.Quite unlike some of the slider phones out there, this is not your typical brick.  It's not as light as my Samsung, but it's not too heavy.  The slider is sturdy and you can buy accessories galore (online mostly).I didn't like the email package that came with it, so I downloaded a new one.  There is a built-in 2GB SD card, so you won't have to worry about running out of memory.  Also, all the apps that can be put on the SD card go there automatically when you download them.  That was new to me - and a great feature.The only niggle that I've had is that I can't download Skype.  I know that it will accommodate the app, but for some reason I get an error every time I try.  I've tried completely restoring my phone to factory - to no avail.  I use Skype a lot, so it would have been a deal-breaker if I'd known beforehand.

I loved it when I first got it, now I hate it.It was my very first smartphone, so I thought it was the greatest thing ever for the first couple of weeks...now, not so much. I'm looking for a new phone already. I have had it for less than 1 month.I would recommend purchasing this model if you do not want to do too much with it. It works great for texting. The keyboard keys are a little sticky, especially the space bar, but maybe they will wear down. The call quality is good. If you have a good wifi connection, the phone runs great on the internet, but the Virgin 3g connection is awful. I get a maximum of 1 bar no matter where I am, and I live in an area that, according to their coverage map, is fully covered. I am not planning on paying for another month of service at the moment. I will try the free text/call apps on my home wifi network.My main gripe right now, and the reason that I decided to write this review, is that the phone turns itself to silent on its own. I have no idea why, or how to fix it. I can go to settings, and everything is fine - silent and airplane modes are OFF, ringtone and notification tones are set, volume is as loud as it will go, vibrate is ON...yet when someone calls, texts, or I get any other notification, the phone does not make a sound or vibrate. This is VERY frustrating. It stays like this for hours, or days. This is a deal breaker. I NEED to hear my phone.My next gripe is that there are a lot of apps that I had planned on using with this phone that are not compatible with this model. I wanted to try Shopkick and Ibotta, they will not work. Jingit just barely works...the camera is not auto-focus and the picture quality is horrible, so I cannot do my check ins. The flash makes everything a funny color as well.Also, with the apps, the phone freezes A LOT. I cannot tell you how frustrating this is when you are in the middle of an EPIC Ruzzle match. All you can do is shut the phone off and restart it. Boo!!!I know this is not the fault of the phone, but Adobe flash is not supported, so I cannot watch some videos/movies on the phone.I DO like the size, shape, and weight of the phone. I am not a fan of the super skinny or tiny phones, and I HATE touch screen keyboards, so the QWERTY slider out keyboard is perfect for me. Again, it's a great phone if you aren't planning to do much besides call, text and wifi web browsing. Other than that, you're going to need something better.

Arrived on time and it works very well. Great gift for anyone with a virgin mobile service who wants a smart phone

Love my new phone! It replaces an older slider with Android 2.31) Android 4.02) slider3) great apps4) fast5) terrific price

This phone is a piece of crap!!!!! It freezes all the time and just cuts off for no reason at all. I wish I never got it

Great features and runs on Gingerbread OS. I'm envious that my provider doesn't offer this phone. There's not a better entry Android phone available anywhere!

It is what it is: a Virgin Mobile phone.  After about 8 months of use now it freezes up and lags.  Sometimes the battery has to be pulled in order for it to get going again.  I think Virgin Mobile does this so you buy more phones from them as I've had the same problem with all my VM phones from the Rise to the Motorolla Triumph to the Galaxy SII.

i like that this phone was shipped to me with in two days. I was shocked to see it at my door so soon,

I bought this for my mother to replace her old phone. Mainly because of the pull out keyboard since she has trouble typing on the touch screen. She rarely uses her phone and has to charge it twice a day. Complete waste of money!

I bought this phone for my daughter (13 y.o.) and she loves it.  She previously had the HTC Wildfire and although this phone is a little bulkier, it is so nice to have the keyboard option.  Easy to navigate w/out instructions and swype seems far more accurate on this phone.

This is my second attempt to find a smart phone for a new no-contract carrier my husband chose. The first phone was impossible. The touch screens are hard (poor dexterity issues) and I chose this for the keyboard and it works better for me than the touch &#34;thing.&#34; But whatever I am trying to enter with typing seems to disappear from vertical to horizontal and I can't use anything on it. It is probably a fine phone, but not for the challenged (that's me) - and they are all frustrating - the screen is smaller than I like and trying to read or see anything is very difficult, no - impossible - for me. So no complaint in particular. I liked my Blackberry a lot better.

It's deff a good price for a cheap phone. Everything works properly and it doesn't freeze up which is what I expected it to do. The downside is that after about 2 months use sliding the phone open because a problem.

This phone is horrible I've had it two months and it's a nightmare, slow qwerty key pad, shuts off on its own, battery dies quickly, definitely worth thirty dollars.. Save yourself the heartache get a better phone this is not it!!!!

I ordered the Rise with some hesitation, after having some horrible experiences with Android in the past. It has been two months, and this phone has nearly replaced my first-gen iPad for everything except e-book reading. The Rise is fast, responsive, has great battery life, and runs even the most demanding Android apps with ease. I have been very impressed with this phone and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a reliable device at an entry-level price.

I liked that I could get a smartphone and not have to pay a fortune. It has all the features I like including a keyboard with buttons. I perfer the old school way of texting. Plus with Virgin mobile and only $35 a month I also save a lot of money.

Part of the problem may be my Virgin Mobile service, which doesn't work in my office (everyone's Verizon service works beautifully, but I'm cheap/poor). I can't get a signal 99% of the time in my office, which drains my battery within 3 hours of non-use. I can't receive calls, place calls, receive email, browse, nothing. And it dies within 3 hours.It only saves a few of my emails, within the past day or two. Beyond that, it shows blank-looking messages you can't open with the date 12/31/69. Which is weird. And totally useless.And if the message is too large (e.g. contains a graphic) the message won't even open up at all. It just spins its wheel until it times out.I hate this phone so, so, so, so, so much. You get what you pay for and unfortunately I procrastinated and didn't return it within the allotted window.I just feel so much hatred right now.

The slide out keyboard is poorly designed.  The phone freezes up constantly and I have to shut down apps I am not even using to get the phone to work.  When I am not shutting the phone off and restarting it.This is my first smartphone and I am very disappointed with it.  I am writing this review on the phone, in fact this is my second attempt to write a review.  The first time, the phone, by itself, went back to a previous page and I had to start over.I do not recommend this phone for anything other than a paperweight or doorstop.  My next phone will be an iPhone, not a POS android.  Save your money and don't buy this phone.

I've had this phone for about a year and haven't had any trouble with it. It has spontaneously rebooted, but probably only 4 or 5 times since I got it. I had some trouble with the battery life when I first got it, but I turned off the "connection optimizer" and that helped a lot.I bought this phone because the price was great and I wanted with Ice Cream Sandwich and more memory than the Optimus V. I saw the physical keyboard as a disadvantage, but I've grown to love it. I do a lot more texting with this phone because the keyboard makes it so easy.I don't play games on my phone, but do watch videos and it works well with Netflix and YouTube. I also have had no trouble with call quality.Obviously this is not a top of the line phone, but it works well and the price is unbeatable.

WORST PHONE IN ANDROID HISTORY!!

I love this phone. It is my first android phone so needless to say I am still in the learning process. But I am amazed at all the things it can do. If you get one, you will be super happy. I know I am....

This phone dies a lot, especially when I put it in my pocket so that is a big pain.  I have to either plug it in to reboot or take the battery out, shake it then put it back in...not good!  I do like the slide out keyboard though and the price.  You really do get what you pay for with phones it seems.

The Kyocera Rise isn't a bad phone at all. However, for those looking for top-notch smartphones, look elsewhere. It's a very simple phone with a great overall design and features. I LOVE qwerty-keyboard phones, including this one; unfortunately, I tend to sling the slide-out keyboard around, which definitely affected this phone. The keyboard began to disconnect from the phone itself and eventually affected the screen. I had to tape the keyboard to the phone to keep it from messing up the screen and falling off altogether. This was my fault as a user, but if you're like me and just sling the keyboard in and out (especially with lots of texting), beware!If you're looking for a simple smartphone with a qwerty-keyboard that you can use lightly, this is a great phone, especially for the price. Virgin Mobile is an awesome provider as well.

Came in, in working condition..great phone for my kids. Will order one for me soon as I still have an older version

i was using it and i could run myboy perfectly but google chrome crashed. its probably not that good for gaming besides emulators.

Bad Phone and Bad Service.Virgin Moblile is very spotty. The phone itself has will of its own. Randomly open apps all by itself.I will not be paying for my second month of service. Just not worth the hassle.

The phone is perfect for the money, calls are clear, tabs work perfect and I love the slide out feature with a nice keyboard.

I bought this phn for my mom and she didn't like it at first. She's up in the age and had taught herself how to text, about a month ago.  She now loves it! She was very skeptical about the whole touch screen process, but has gotten very used to it and now she texts, all of the time. It came in in the package brand new. I was impressed with that, alone. It came a few days faster than I expected it to. So, all in all it was a great experience!

I have had the $99 Kyocera Rise VM only about 34 hours so far but I know I'm going to like it. I received it less than 48 hours after I submitted my order. This is my 6th cell since 2005 and only my 2nd smart phone, always with Virgin Mobile. The $35/month plan fits me perfectly. 3G is just fine for what I do, Twitter, email, Box, a few internet and GPS apps, some games. I am 71 and most of my "contemporaries" don't quite get what I'm doing with my phone and other stuff like STEAM on my new gaming laptop. UPS delivered the RISE and I immediately started moving my number from the Optimus V. The Optimus was so short of memory that I could not even delete phone book entries. Just like the last time it took about 8 tries to get Virgin to complete the task. While diddling with that I noticed VM had a sale on the rise for $20 off to $79. Imagine my chagrin! I started a return with Amazon. The lightbulb came on and sure enough, Amazon had the same deal!! I got on a chat with customer service and complained about the rotten luck. He reminded me that Amazon has no reduced price guarantee but he offered to make an exception in my case and I will get a $20 credit. AMAZON IS THE BEST. I've been using Amazon since 1998. That says it all. I moved my SD files to the RISE and VM did their activation. I have loaded up most of my apps. I am going to find a better email client than stock so I can do more filtering.I even reloaded up Easy Tether Pro($9.99), the only tethering app that works with the cheap phones that I bought. The only catch is the necessary use of a USB cable. It is not a hotspot. I use it where there is no or very slow WiFi with my laptop. The places where I stayed in Vegas and Laughlin had really terrible WiFi but really good 3G.  I found it was a lot better to get it from the Amazon App Store because if I had to re-install it I didn't have to jump through a lot of hoops like with Google Play Store. I really like the Android Ice cream Sandwich OS compared to the 2.2 on the Optimus. Physically, it is a tad thicker and a lot heavier. I am still learning so I will do an update in a month or so.

My son likes this phone his only complaint is his battery life.  He just plugs it in at night to charge it.  If he doesn't do this he has no service in the morning since it is dead.

Most reviewers have already said it, but this phone is fine for the price. It's a smartphone. It can do smartphone things.After about a month it starts freezing and locking up and randomly restarting, but that has been my experience with all android phones.Personally I was tired of buying a new android phone literally every 3 months, so I finally got an iPhone 4s and absolutely love it. And I REALLY don't like apple. But the 4s is $450 without insurance, whereas this phone does basic phone things fine for only $100.If you need a cheap phone with a keyboard, I recommend this phone. It's good for the price.

Worst phone ever! Went through 2 of these in a year.-The screen will separate from keyboard within 6 months-Drops my calls, even when I supposedly have a full signal. One second I have full bars, then the next minute, only one bar. I have yet to make it more than 2 minutes into a convo.-Freezes up ALL the time-Restarts itself randomly all the time- If I dare to run any app that wasn't previously installed (something I downloaded) then it'll freeze my phone and make my phone glitchy for days after using the app.Save your money...  buy something else!

My name is James Lettenmaier and this is my first actual review, I ordered this phone off of the K-Mart Website, not Amazon but figured I should post it here because I feel that Amazon is looked at more than K-Mart. Please enjoy the review! and let me know what you think!The file for my video review is larger than 100MB so I decided to add a link [...]

Last week, I've decided to get a Kyocera Rise and sent my old phone, the HTC Wildfire S, to the wonderful world of Ebay. When I first got and activated this phone, the features from this phone was mind-blowing. Android 4.0, three types of keyboards, more memory, and a bigger screen. What more can a smartphone owner ask for?

I like this phone.  It is fast enough.  It has lots of stuff to play with.  I really enjoy being able to listen to the radio on this phone while I paint my house.  Facebook, email access, internet, games, tv, movies... all kinds of stuff to have fun with.  The screen is at the limit of as small as I would like, but not as big as I would like.

This phone should say recommended for kids 16yrs and under. Its a good practice phone for 1st timers to smartphones and ice cream sandwich but thats it. Low battery life, glitchy, and freezes alot.

I had brought this phone because I was paying $80.00 a month for my t-mobile sidekick and I just really wanted a cheaper prepaid plan. I always prefer prepaid plans and I think Virgin Mobile is one of the companies that pioneered the prepaid market into the industry.this phone seems to be good. I am a very basic user, I just want my internet radio app to work, clear youtube videos, good sound for my mp3, good web surfacing, facebook( must have facebook) and most importantly of all, it must be compatible with my GOOGLE VOICE! app. that is my number and I can only have phones that use google voice. in all those functions, this phone preforms very well.I wanted this phone particularly because of the slide out keyboard. the keyboard is spacey and comfortable, rubber not solid buttons. the CON is that i use my hands to hold the phone by its sides while I use my thumbs to type. the power button is on the side, of the portion of the phone with the keyboard. so I have a couple of times hit the power button while typing and having the phone slide out. this minor inconvenience is actually very upsetting, as I must remember and learn to hold the phone as to where my left hand does not press the power button while typing :-(another big thing for me is the clarity and size of the screen. the apps and pictures are clear and comfortable to see. youtube videos and pictures from the web are clear and have crisp detail. this is a 3.5 screen although visually, it appears larger than my sidekick 4 3.5 screen, in part because the screen on the virgin mobile phone is almost edged to the sides. if you have good eyesight for seeing things up-close, the pixels are visible although it does not interfere with the screens clarity.I brought this phone for the reliability factor! I trust the phone and network to not drop calls. the battery life is 8 hours of talk times and the apps are clear and function well. so basically, when I am downtown and lost, the google maps app will show me where I am and clearly how to get somewhere. the phone will work well for calling my friend to say im lost downtown and will be late. and the smooth streaming internet radio will work fine for listening to music as I walk around finding my way using the app.i took the phone out of the box last night and it seems promising. I believe it is a good replacement for the sidekick 4. I wont notice the difference in function and ability, mostly just the price!I held back on a star because of the brand! Virgin Mobile (this is just my experience) tends to make phones that appear promising at the display in the store, but when you take it home and open the box - it all falls to pieces. I have had a phone come out of the box jank'd, replaced it with the same phone and the replacement had a screen that would turn to static. their phones are like toys, they are made of plastic, give basic performance and the brand is popular among teenagers, as they can buy these phones themselves and pay for the minute cards with their own allowance. in fact, my first phone in high school was a $20.00 virgin mobile phone. so in truth, im waiting it out to see if the cheapness of the phone will show. but I have faith in this one.is this phone a money saver? yes! but if it keeps up with my first impression, it is a very good and functioning android phone, giving me both my practical needs (txt, call, web, google voice and google maps) and my tech savvy needs (youtube, facebook, games, web surfing, apps, etc.

This is great for anyone new to Android and wants an inexpensive touchscreen phone. Out of the box, it was hard to see in the daylight and had poor battery life. To fix the daylight visibility, go into the display settings and turn off the automatic brightness feature (then set the brightness to whatever you like). To conserve battery power, go into the eco mode settings and activate each "leaf", except for the 15sec sleep and the auto-rotate option. You should have 4 out of 6 "leaf" ratings. The battery should last normal now, unless you constantly play games or videos all day. Three major drawbacks: no memopad, no "to-do" list, and videos can stutter or stall (not sure if it's the phone or Virgin's network). Got it on sale for $30 so I'm not really complaining. Everything else works fine.

I ordered this thinking it might be an issue, I've always ordered my phones straight from Virgin Moble. It turned out to be a flawless experience. The phone arrived in a good amount of time, still in it's original wrapping unopened and I had no trouble switching my service to the new phone.

This is the worst smartphone ever. I bought mine at Target for $30 the day after Christmas. I returned the first one and the 2nd one is doing the same thing. My brothers phone the exact same one is also doing the same thing which is:Freezes constantlyScreen goes blank says app is not installed then seconds later it loads the appReboots sporadicallyKeeps giving me error message that app has stopped working with each app I load.When I type using the on screen keyboard the wrong letters come out.Finally got the phone activated and got a number with the $35 plan and couldnt make or receive calls. No bars in or 3G logo.I could get my email and I guess when the apps decide to work it is okay for $304 months later:I've had the phone for 4 months now and have decided to use it only as a WiFi or as my Android iPod. Not enough on board memory. Moved all the apps I could to the 16gb MicroSD card I bought and still its like molasses. My old iPod 2nd gens apps dont work anymore as they all require IOS 4.3 and above. So the Kyocera will suffice

My husband and I bought these phones unhappy with the phones we just got (Samsung Precident) These are the coolest phones.  The slide keyboard makes it easy to text and type. The only complaint we have it that we can not use our favorite free ring tone sight...due to the carrier not the phone!!

On the surface it seems like a great deal, and for about five hours it was. The processor speed was adequate, as well as the qwerty keyboard. The 3.2 MP camera left much wanting, but I was able to look past. The deal breaker was when the phone would randomly power off, and the only way to turn it back on was to plug it back into the charger. Mind you, the phone was no where close of being low on power. Sorry, that's the dealbreaker right there. A phone that will randomly shut down for no apparent reason is a garbage product. I wish I would have done more research, it seems this problem is widespread and no where near just being a random defect. Save yourself some heartache, stay away from this stinker.

This is my second attempt at a smart phone.  I hate it.  It is impossible to turn off functions so it makes phone calls (that I did not make) and sends emails and messages and takes pictures when IT wants to.NOT FOR BEGINNERS --maybe it you know your way around Android, it might be good, but I am about to pay twice (ref to other review)

Bought a Kyocera Rise. Am not enjoying this new phone experience at all. Everything I try to do is problematic. Have spent way too much time on the phone with Virgin Mobil tech support getting help that usually does not solve the problems. The apps that I place on the home screen keep getting deleted and replaced by apps I don't use or want. Inadequate instructions about creating contacts or importing contacts from other sources. The touchpad keyboard is much too small to use with any speed or accuracy. Nothing about its operation is intuitive. Cannot get it to access my second email account. Am slowly working through the issues one at a time, but it is very frustrating. Am getting the feeling that I may have to enter all my contact information by hand. Ugghh.

great cell phone..... works fast.......easy to use.......and would recommend this product to anyone......fast access to online...etc etc etc etc etc

Honestly, I think this phone is fantastic.  Although it's the first smartphone I've had, I have had the iPod Touch for years and thought I would never be able to live without it.  But since I got this phone, I passed on my iPod Touch to my kids.The biggest attraction for me was the keyboard.  I love having an external keyboard that I can type emails and such on.  That part is fantastic.But let me elaborate a bit.Earlier this year, I went to South Korea with this phone and my computer.  Apparently, I didn't bring the right plug for my computer and ended up only having this phone for communication.  While it can NOT access the international telecommunication networks, I still brought it for camera, games and reading purposes.  When I called Virgin to ask if I would be able to access Wi-Fi in another country, they told me no... but that turned out to be false.  I don't know if Virgin just doesn't know it, but this phone DOES connect to ANY Wi-Fi regardless of what country you're in.  Since I'm a writer and need a real keyboard for my work, I bought a Bluetooth keyboard to go with this phone, and they worked together fantastically.  With just an Office app and a Bluetooth keyboard, I was able to do my usual writing and I could access my files through Dropbox.I was not able to use Skype with this (because the camera is on the backside and not the front), but I was able to take pictures and videos.  I was also able to get my Kindle books and do research in another country.  I could access Facebook and my email, and without this phone, I think I might have gone crazy in another country.  (I was by myself and my Korean is only so-so.)  On top of that, I was able to download a subway app that let me get around both Seoul and Busan with just my phone.All in all, I would definitely buy this phone again.  I bought it for $80, so seeing it now at $40 makes me want to buy another one for when this one finally gives out.

I do not like this phone at all. It freezed up constantly and is very slow. My service sucks and I would never recommend it to anyone

I cannot see the speedometer in my car, so I am attempting to use this device (via GPS) as a supplement.It often takes 5 or more minutes to get a GPS fix.  This is quite a pain, but once it gets a fix, it seldom loses it.  I built the mount myself, which may be interfering with the signal.  The speedometer apps use mostly white text on a black background, which you can see just fine on a sunny day (in my car) at full brightness.Also using it as a compass, but you must be moving for the compass to work (GPS based, not an electric compass)Other than that, it is a well priced phone and comes with android 4.0 without contract.  I have not used the web on it too much, but it is ok via wifi.For those using it without a data plan (as I am), it turns on fully from factory default without requiring you to sign into Google or Virgin's network.  Then you can set up wifi  and continue on from there.  I am also using the phone to test an android app I've created ([...] &lt;-- shameless advertising).  Finding the drivers for this was a bit of a pain, but it has been for all the other phones I've tested on.Giving it 4 stars because of how long it takes to get a GPS fix.

Got this phone for my son who likes the slider style, phone stopped working shortly after activating, of course by then my son had thrown the packaging away, sooooo I couldn't return.

Bought for my husband. He has big hands so he likes the slide out keyboard beause it's easier to use then the touch screen keypad. He said the camera is just so so, but otherwise he's happy with it. I would recomend this phone.

well i like the phone but the box for the phoe was smashed it look like it had been to hell and back .  yas i would tell some 1 and i hop there phone box don;t get smashednto hell like my phone  box did

I recently switched from the LG Optimus V to this phone.and its good so far. I've only have had this phone for a few days and it has restarted by itself a few times since I've gotten this phone. That said, another annoyance about this phone is that whenever I use the physical keyboard, I accidentally press the power button n the screen shuts off. Let's just say its in the wrong place. Other then those two minor annoyances, its a really good phone.This phone is for those people who like the feel of actual buttons other then a virtual touchscreen keyboard. It has a 3.2 megapixel camera with a zoom and flash feature. It also has a little mirror for self-portraits. The 1GHZ processor is pretty fast. The touch screen is very responsive. The preloaded stuff is cool. Some people rather not have those preloaded stuff like the firmware and something called, "the essentials", but in my opinion, I like it. If you like what you see in the phone's description, then buy it :)I hope this helps you with what ever decision u make. Thank you for reading.  :)

This is like the anti iphone, anti samsung galaxy. This is a phone that does everything you want it to for a fraction of the price of other much heralded smart phones. This is the perfect phone for people who want a smart phone that works while not being concerned about carrying around a status symbol. Graphics are sharp. Internet and apps work just fine. Call quality is good. Qwerty keyboard feels nice if you want to use it. Touch screen is responsive. Camera is ok.Again, I love this phone. I'm not a person who has to always have the newest phone, I just want something that works and is solid to stand up to wear and tear. So far, this phone is everything I want it to be.

This is my 2nd smart phone. I had a Blackberry Curve which I loved but it had it's faults. So I decided after two years of Blackberry ownership to switch to an Android based phone. I chose the Rise after reading reviews on different phones. After reading all the positive reviews I decided on the Rise. I am so glad I did! I have had this phone for just a few days and I am in love with it! It does everything I need it to do and then some. No hangups with apps, the camera is decent. The battery life isn't the best but I just installed JuiceDefender Plus, will see if that helps. Aside from battery, the phone is great. I highly recommend it. I am ordering a cover for it, the battery cover is flimsy. The slide out keyboard is great, I haven't mastered the on screen keyboard just yet.6/29 UpdateUsed to be in love with this phone. Now it reboots whenever it feels like it, freezes multiple times a day, I have to take the battery out to reboot it when it freezes. Called Kyocera, they thought it might be a virus, they took the phone back to original factory settings, I deleted some apps to free up space. That did nothing. Still freezes, still reboots at random. Am seriously considering getting a new phone.

Our daughter has disabilities including mild MR. However, she is an idiot/savant when it comes to techy stuff. She had a very cheap Assurance phone and really wanted a ' slide&#34; keyboard, as she [ has taught herself] loves to text. I researched this a lot ; she is clumsy and doesn't take good care of her things, at all.She loves it! She is totally enthralled w/ all the bells and whistles on it.However, whatever is wrong with the system, Assurance claims it is not one of their phones and she has lost her Assurance contract and now we have to pay over $35 a month for it.Virgin Mobile runs the Ass. program, so it should have been as simple as &#34; add a new phone&#34;. It was not.It has a nice feel to it and seems a lot !!! better than her old one. I do not text or have any idea how this type of phone really works, so I am not the best judge.

Was excited to upgrade to Android 4 from my first smartphone, which was an LG. Very disappointed in this phone as it randomly reboots and frequently freezes. Love Android 4, but this phone? Not so much. Probably won't ever buy Kyocera again.

been using virgin mobile for over a year now and know what to expect as far as the phones go. a year late maybe a little slower than the $600 phones. however this phone work wonderfully and it is up to date as far as processing speed, operating system and battery management. i have left this phone at 15% without a charger for over 8 hours(no phone calls) and woke up the next day and the phone is still on and at about 8% battery.my previous phone was an lg optimus slider, and the regular optimus before that. this phone will outdo both without breaking a sweat.the screen has a slightly lower resolution from the optimus slider but because of the size of the screen it is barely noticeable. the multitouch screen is very responsive and works great with games that require the use of 4 fingers (magic piano).the rear speaker can have some distortion but works well when kept at 85%-90%. the drivers on the phone for headphones have had others if i had beats audio installed. when plugged into a pair of decent headphones the phone outputs wonderfully, and gives my premium sound system in y jeep a run for its money.this review is also for the refurbished phone, as far as the refurb goes i don't believe there is anything to worry about from having a phone that has been refurbished.

I bought this phone when it was on sale for $80, and it's a very solid deal. The 4.0 Android makes a big difference. I can run Skype smoothly now! I've always been pleased with Virgin Mobile's service. Now that I can run Skype on my phone, I basically have unlimited minutes, along with the unlimited data and texts; all for $40/month.I would say the phone's battery life is a little wonky. I charge and use it the same amount every day, but the battery life is not always consistent. It still generally lasts 6 - 8 hours for me, though, so it's not a big deal.If you don't care about having the newest, shiniest phone or are looking for a good deal, I would highly recommend this phone.

Wow this is an amazing phone. We ordered it for our 12 year old son thinking it was just going to be cheaply made and as it wasn't expensive it wouldn't matter if he damaged it or lost it. Boy were we wrong! This is a very nice quality phone for the price. I have verizon and paid over 300 dollars for my DROID 4, and this phone is the same thing! The only difference is that this phone runs off of a 3G network. SO WHAT! It does EVERYTHING that my DROID 4 does. EVERYTHING. They keyboard on it is great. The screen is a real screen (unlike most cheaper phones, the screen is usually very flimsy). I am actually going to be switching to virgin mobile as I like this phone so much better than the one I have. I am so glad we got this phone for him. He loves it. Everyone is happy and I didn't have to spend a ton of money. Make sure you check to see if Virgin Mobile works in your area as they run off of sprint towers so they don't have service everywhere, I am in Wisconsin and it works GREAT here. We recently traveled 100 miles away from home and the phone worked the whole time. I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants to save money and still have a great phone.

Got one for myself as my first &#34;smartphone&#34;; loved it so much I got three more for the family. Has a single core 1Ghz processor and includes Android ICS (4.0.4). While it's not going to break any benchmark records, it's a very capable device that runs just about everything I throw at it, outside of a few 3D intensive apps/games. Has a very nice slider QWERTY keyboard in addition to the on screen keyboard. Will take up to a 32GB sd card, which should be more than enough for most peoples needs. Also has built in WiFi and Bluetooth. The WiFi can be a bit flakey switching it on and off, but I've noticed this tends to be an Android issue on most units I've used.Two minor cons: the display is pretty low res (320x240) and the camera is bad. It moves up to &#34;ok&#34; in well lit areas, but kind of stinks otherwise.The $100 retail price is a bit steep considering the two cons, but if you can get it for the $50-$60 that seems to be the norm here, it really is a steal. Even if you don't want the VM service, it works well on it's own with a WiFi connection, and generally outperforms budget tablets of only a year ago.

I bought this for myself as an upgrade to my current plan. Was unable to use it unfortunately but was able to give it to a family member as a gift. They loved it. Win win

I am SOOOOO glad I purchased this phone. It's price was a major bargain considering its capabilities. A gift for my teenaged son who desperately wanted a QWERTY keyboard, touchscreen phone, he couldn't be happier. The quality of the media and ringtone volumes are loud enough to be heard from another room when the phone isn't at hands-reach. The graphics and internet speed are up to par. Had if for almost 3 weeks. So far, we're still satisfied with this product. I'd definitely recommend it for anyone who love's texting, emailing, watching videos, and the likes.

This is our 5th Kyocera phone.  We love it.  It's being discontinued so I hope they come up with something with a keyboard because I don't use the touch screen.  I like the ice cream sandwich flip out.

It is a decent phone for the price. it was a replacement for a older phone m wife had. she loved it at first but now constant has to restart her phone. .. I hear her say how much she hates this phone almost daily. but she deals with it. from the freezing to lack of service once in a while 3 stars is all I can give it.

This was a good substitute phone and lasted about a year.  Keyboard lasted a long time and the screen was clear and easy to see.

This might not be the fastest phone but it is one of the best with a real keypad. Unlike other prepaid, it has space to run many apps. Virgin Mobile uses Sprint so coverage depends on their coverage. It does freeze once in awhile. You really can't beat the price for what you get.

its great but i wish i could buy a phone card for it love the phone though and the volume is great

This phone is absolutely horrible, half the time you cant make a call, everything freezes all the time. After 5 months of having this phone, it turns on for about 2 seconds, and turns off, and keeps doing this. Taking the battery out doesnt work. It is an awful phone in every way possible. DONT BUY IT!

I bought this phone 6 months ago because I wanted an Android 4.x phone with a physical keyboard. That's a tough combination to find, and on Virgin this was the only choice. Unfortunately, I've been miserable with this phone from the moment the &#34;ooh, new phone!&#34; feeling wore off.The good:* SOFTWARE: It's an Android 4.0 phone for dirt cheap, so you have access to even the most recent apps in the Play Store.* KEYBOARD: The slide-out keyboard works rather well, even with my gigantic hands. It does take some adjusting for you to find just the right way to press the keys. Also, the space bar is way too stiff and never really &#34;breaks in.&#34; Once you get over those hurdles, it's a good enough keyboard for texting and short e-mails.The bad:* CAMERA: The 3.2MP camera in this phone takes much worse quality pictures than the 3.2MP camera in my old phone (LG Optimus V). The megapixels may be the same, but the quality of this camera is extremely disappointing, with washed out colors in even the best circumstances.* PERFORMANCE: The Rise's hardware is extremely under-powered for Android 4.0. With a couple apps running in the background, it can get a bit jerky and slow switching back to the home screen or opening another app. The phone becomes almost unusable with Google Chrome open, and Chrome itself runs extremely sluggish.* SCREEN: Again, compared to my much older LG Optimus V, this phone is supposed to have the same resolution. Putting the two side-by-side, though, the Kyocera Rise is a lot more fuzzy and washed out.The absolutely INFURIATING:* BATTERY: The battery life on this phone is abysmal. Just sitting idle, with the phone freshly booted and no apps open, the phone will chew up about 10% battery per hour. That's 10 hours of battery life if you're NOT using the phone. From my searching around online, I cannot find a first- or third-party battery upgrade for this phone.* SIGNAL: Whatever CDMA antenna is in this phone, it is junk. My wife also uses Virgin Mobile (with a different phone), and she consistently has a stronger signal than I do with the Kyocera Rise. Many times, I will lose signal completely, and she will have 4 bars or more. The junk antenna adds to the battery woes -- having a weak or constantly dropping signal chews up the battery, and the battery life is already dreadful to begin with.* WI-FI: I cannot figure out what causes this, and it drives me nuts. When I turn on the phone's wi-fi, the phone will either: switch to wi-fi with no problem (about 30% of the time), turn on wi-fi and freeze the phone for about 3 to 4 minutes (about 50% of the time), or freeze the phone for 10 minutes and then finally crash/reboot (20%). A phone that freezes and/or crashes 7 times out of 10 when you turn on the wireless -- that is just completely unacceptable.To give you an idea just how much I loathe this phone: for the last month, I have been giving serious thought to switching back to my LG Optimus V. That phone, which is at least 2 years older than the Rise, has an upgraded battery with phenomenal battery life, a camera that takes reasonably crisp photos, an antenna that maintains stronger signal, and a screen that's easier on the eyes. I can use the Optimus for weeks or months without it crashing or rebooting. I'm almost willing to give up the newer Android OS and the physical keyboard that I get with the Rise because its worthless battery, unreliable signal, and crashy software infuriate me on a daily basis.Do not buy this phone. You'd be better off with something running Android 2.x that has far better hardware in it. The keyboard and Android 4.x are not worth the frustration you will have with the Kyocera Rise, especially when its battery dies halfway through a day out on the town.

Started out fantastic. Now it freezes, reboots itself, I have to do battery pulls. But lets be honest. I needed a physical keyboard, and it was 45 bucks. im not complaining too much. great battery life

I love this phone. A brief intro about me and cell phones. I have never owned an Android touch phone. I've always been pretty cheap when it comes to cell phones. Just to give you an idea: My last cell phone carrier was Cricket and I had a Huawei Pillar phone. So a Kyocera Rise on the Virgin Mobil network was a HUGE step up. I saw the Kyocera Rise on Amazon.com and would check periodically for several days as the price went down. I finally bought it at $65.00 and I'm so glad I bought it.The good things I like about the phone:The size- It fits right in my pocket. I was afraid I'd break it but it's not a concern now.The screen size- It's not too big but is perfect for me. I've seen other phones with huge screens and I wouldn't like that.Easy access to apps.It's very easy to set up and you can even transfer your old number to Virgin Mobile. Be sure when you go to their website: virginmobileusa.com to pick the one that says you want to transfer your number. I picked the one that said I was a new customer and wanted a new number.I was still able to transfer my old number but it was a hassle as I had to speak to a Live Agent at VM but it worked out.This phone responds very well to your finger and adding or deleting apps is a breeze. What I do is delete the apps I don't use and if I download an app then get bored of it, I just delete it. That way there will always be memory on my phone.I've owned this phone for about five days and the only thing that has gone wrong is I turned on WI-FI and was doing several other things on the phone and it froze. I took out the battery and put it back in and it's been great since.I recommend using WI-Fi when downloading apps as it seems faster than 3G but that's just my opinion.I also recommend downloading the Trend Micro Longevity app to help save your battery life. It turns off  everything except texting, answering/receiving calls and you can turn it all back on easily with this app should you want to get back to your apps again.Hope this review helps those who want this phone but are a little skeptical like I was at first. I'll update as I spend more time on this phone and see how it goes. Enjoy!

It is a little on the chunky side and definitely kind of old school, but it is really a wonderful little device. I love that it has both a slide out keyboard (that is pretty easy to use, whether you use the pads of your fingers or your nails) as well as a touch screen QWERTY keyboard. It does everything I need it to do -- text, check email, GPS, social media apps and of course, a phone -- and hasn't given be any issues as of yet. For the money, it can't be beat.

I bought the phone because I missed having a QWERTY keyboard. I just swapped the phone today but so far I found it to be easy to navigate and it appears to run smoothly. I'm still upset that I had to break my grandfathered $25 dollar per month plan for this &#34;new generation&#34; phone but I'm happy with the phone itself. Richard Branson, I am disappointed that you did not honor the grandfathered plans for your loyal customers.

I am actually obsessed with this phone!!! I Love the price it was $20-40 cheaper than the ones they are selling in virgin mobile stores + virginmobile.com. I really enjoy it. A gamer&#8217;s wet dream.  I have upgraded from the gingerbread based virgin mobile phone the Samgsung Intercept which was logy, took forever to open an app, took forever to swipe, forget about emulators, bad RAM count had to upgrade to a 4 GB SD card and still ran out of room. The amount of apps on that phone that I could hold on the phone only was only 11 or so. This phone kicks the crap out of that. I can play any emulators from Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis, N64, and PS1. Game board Apps like Monopoly run like a charm. The Music Player kicks butt, the weather widgets, facebook buttons widgets, Google play books, and optimized ram is perfect. I am an electronic file junky. I enjoy collecting music and movies making ringtones and taking photos + playing all kinds of games. This Phone is perfect if you want everything in a phone and the price is perfect. I only pay $40 a month everything unlimited and this initial $200 phone will last me a long time. No problems with it and love the big touch screen.  Camera comes with a flash, plus a amazing crisp zoom, there&#8217;s about 2GB worth of internal phone memory, it comes with a ram optimizer, 2GB SD card, millions of customization options great Android Ice Cream based phone. I bought this phone on Cyber Monday and got it with Prime shipping and within 2 days it was on my front doorstep. Awesome product I love it thanks so much!

Got this after checking out reviews on all the VM Prepaid phones and not disappointed.  My son had just bought the identical phone at Wmart and paid TWICE as much. Has everything I was looking for, good reception, camera takes good clear pics, really a giant step up from my old Galaxy II. No complaints here

It's pleasing to look at. Works great. The slide out keypad is good and useful. Battery life is good. Great purchase.

I ordered this phone and got it a couple of days later its a solid phone no bugs no problems its not an iphone 5 or galaxy s4 but it gets the job done, good for messaging and other basic needs

I love this phone! Its android 4.0 and it was 69 dollars! I get all the nice basic android quality things like the app store on it and it has a slide out keyboard. The one downside I see is that occasionally I have to take the battery out as the system freezes up. But that's not a big deal to me. Otherwise this is a really fantastic starter phone for people who don't wanna invest heavily at this point in a new cellphone.

I've had this phone since Christmas, and me being the clumsy person I am have dropped it everyday... sometimes more than once lol... serious butterfingers here! Anyway thankfully the screen is not cracked, but its about to falll apart from the keyboard (it feels like anyway). Its halfway off the front part... its kinda slower than Iexpected and won't run some games properly. Other than that its a decent phone lol... would be great for someone who never drops their phones! Lol

My phone was only used 2 months from july to date, and suddenly would not turn on and would not charge, Unfortunately for me amazon wont let me contact them or return it even fix it! if you want a very temporary phone shoot for it

I was worried about upgrading to a 3G phone...the reviews I saw said that it wouldn't work with my grandfathered-rate of $25.00/month with Virgin Mobile.  Much to my delight, it has worked and works great with my plan and my rate!  Don't let that scare you off.  Screen is great; very clear and large but not too large.  Takes great pics and videos (no delay and the flash works well).  The phone itself works fast, but I don't have a lot of downloaded apps and junk to bog it down.  If it is searching for service, it eats up battery, but they all do that - I got a car charger to remedy that situation.  I was told by a friend that 4G will use up way more battery, so that's why I went with this 3G phone.  I don't make a living using my phone but I do use it for my life and it is easy to use facebook, texting and phone with this not too big phone.

The phone broke on me within a month of having it. The slider was loose and when that fell apart the phone went with it. It was a great phone while it lasted. Never getting a slider phone AGAIN.

I absolutely love my new phone. Previously I owned the Kyocera Loft close to 3yrs. It severed my purpose well and I never had a problem w/ the phone :). I was looking for something I could download a bible app. After reading the reviews on this one I quickly made my decision. I am enjoying learning all abt. my new phone, especially through the help of Virgin Mobile's tech. Support. Truly I am not savvy w/ technology, YIKES!!!. by no means of the word. but if you are looking for a comfortable palm fit, w/ many apps and is user friendly to navigate, this is the one. There is an awesome review out there that explains how to extend/help your battery life if this becomes a problem for you.  Thank you Amazon. Also. my shipping time was awesome. The best ever. ohh!!! did I say the Rise is good looking too. SMILING!!!!!

There's only a few things I don't care too much for. First off, the home screen won't rotate unless it's open. The buttons are a little sensitive but I can deal with it. And I can't figure out how to keep the wifi off. After I turn it off, the next time I pick it up it's back on. Other than those few things, it's not a bad phone at all.

I had this phone for about 5 months before it completely broke. The screen slowly started separating from the keyboard and after about a week they had completely separated and were only hanging onto each other by a little strip. Somehow that broke about a week later and the phone was completely dead. Not only was this phone poorly constructed, it lagged so much and would randomly turn off when I was in the middle of doing something even though it had plenty of battery. The messaging app never worked the whole time I had the phone. I lost count of how many calls were dropped. A lot of the time I never even received calls and I'd get a little icon saying I had a voicemail. I would go to check the voicemail and it would either crash or end the call for no reason. Basically, this phone sucks and so does Virgin Mobile.

It's done everything I've needed it to do and it works real well considering I've already dropped it a few times

I got thinking it would be a smart phone but it was another one of those android crap that has its own mind. Choice is urs.

It was ok, felt cheap! I liked the slide out keyboard, that's why I got it.  But it started messing up, so I returned it.

My wife and I were looking to lower our cell phone bills. At first, we went to Sprint from Verizon and started to save about $40 per month. We got fine reception everywhere we went. Then, we found out Virgin uses Sprint's network and we didn't have to sign a contract just to get a cell phone. We've got two of these phones with unlimited data for $35 per month per line, saving us another $70!. The phones are easy to use and have access to lots of apps in the google play store. A big plus is that you can remove the battery and charge it separately with an inexpensive charger. This way, you don't have to tie up the phone to charge the battery plus the act of removing the battery &#34;resets&#34; the phone and clears up the memory. We have six batteries we rotate. It also easily hooks up to wifi which speeds up web surfing even more. 3G speed is fine for most uses. We would definitely recommend this phone for someone over 50 who want to try a smartphone but doesn't want to spend a lot doing so.

The ordering was easy, the shipping and delivery time was beyond expectationsThe quality of the phone is great, in working conditonThe overall experience was wonderful, we are very happy with how it all went

This is a HORRIBLE phone!  I purchased this phone as an "upgrade" to my Optimus LG by Straight Talk Wireless (Walmart).  I downgraded is what happened.  This phone is nothing but an expenisve piece of plastic.  IT DOES NOT WORK!  NOT EVER!  The opening screens are ANNOYING! There is no "security" on the phone at all.  The camera SUCKS!  Out of focus, little control over the app itself.  This thing is just a piece of garbage.  The wireless service roams and attempts to connect to other Hot Spots which leads to inconsistent or non-existent wi-fi connections.  Calls drop all the time.  The inability to navigate the phone's applications is beyond complicated. Why do I need several ID choices? I just want the phone to work, and all the self-advertizing / promotion sucks as well, the opening music, could you have picked something more grating?  You must wait for the phone to do whatever it's doing while you stare at the word VIRGIN scrawled across the phone's screen. Unacceptable.  I shouldn't have to open three screens to do one thing.  The phone constantly freezes, I have NEVER had a day where I did not have to pull the battery at least twice to get the thing to function.  Battery life is non-existent!  I have to charge it at least three times a day.  Phone call, texting or web upload kills the battery, draining it to "eco-mode" leaving you to find an outlet to charge it.  Not good at all. It doesn't even serve basic needs like staying connected during a call.  Do yourself a favor, get another phone, do not waste your money on this over-hyped piece of nothing.

I give this a 5 star because its a good cell phone and the service is great with Virgin Mobile

Great phone. My daughter loved the phone. The phone had all of the features she liked with her previous phone, which was the Chaser, and more.  Plus it is so much faster than the Chaser.

This phone was losing the regular audio and I had to use the speaker in order to make or answer a call. In addition, it would shut down by itself and I had to connect the charger in order to open it, even though the battery was fully charged. I returned it. budb4

Struggled through activation and mail.  Struggled through loading apps.  The phone has to shut down to integrate an app.  Then It was shutting off when I opened/closed the keyboard.  I sent it back and the next day got an iphone.  Never looked back,  I know some people who are dead set against ios/iphone or whatever.  I thought they were price gougers, but then I got one and it's worth every penny.  This android product was barely FUNCTIONAL...the iphone 5 is far more USEFUL than I ever expected,,,and FUN too!So this phone's shortcomings sort of forced me to the iphone, I suppose FOR THAT, I must express appreciation.

I like my phone. and mainly got it because of the keyboard. The only complaint is that is gets slow and freezes up a lot. I have to manually shut it down and restart a few times a week when it freezes and stops working.

This was just what he wanted.  He said it had great reviews and as far as I know, he really likes his!

Great price!WRKS VERY WELL ON PREPAID VIRGIN MOBILE. EASY 2 USE QUARRY PAD! HAD MINES 4 A YEAR DECENT SPEKER GREAT WIFI USE IT 2 STREAM PANDORA 4 AT LEAST 5 HRS A DAY

I am really happy with this phone so far. What a huge difference from the one I had (Samsung Intercept Android Phone)! It's fast, it's easy to use, and you can't beat the price. I shopped around, ALOT, was considering going with a plan but comparably, this is the best phone for the price. Doesn't have a front-facing camera, but that's not really necessary as far as I'm concerned.UPDATE: 04/14/13Now that I have owned this phone for a few months, I am having more and more issues with it. It freezes, ALOT.. sometimes it resets itself out of the blue. I also have frequent trouble with reception and connecting to the Internet and social media groups. When I purchased this phone, I had also purchased one for my fiance'... he is having the same issues. We both upgraded the SD card to 32GB and have the "app2sd" app installed on our phones,Kyocera Rise Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile)yet it has not helped at all. Both the phone and the cell phone service provider are of poor quality. I am now regretting "going cheap", however, I will deal with it until next year as I will not allow myself to buy more than one phone per year! lol

this is a slider phone, which lasted 16 months before the slider pieces came apart from each other. (i had actually had another slider, an LG, which i was able to continue to use after this happened, but no dice with this one. kept shutting off and on, you'd hit one letter and another appears on the screen, etc). touch screen was never all that accurate. browser sucked, kept crashing, but these are minor annoyances when you consider how little you pay for the thing. other complaints: &#34;all calls to voicemail&#34; option in contacts doesn't really work. people with that selected, still ring when they call, or they ring one ring. this is useless for people who tend to call when you're trying to sleep, it still wakes you. oh and it drove me batsh*t when i'd try to use it to check voicemail and it simply wouldn't recognize i was hitting numbers. don't know how to describe that concisely: the phone-button screen would be visible, i'd be hitting my passcode, but the call didn't &#34;hear&#34; the tone. but really, i got it because i couldn't decide on the phone i wanted, and this was gonna buy me time. it bought me 16 months. if i paid over $100, i'd hate it.

I have been using Kyocera Rise (Virgin Mobile) for about 3 months now.  Here is my take:(Pro)The price is quite reasonableIt does not feel cheep in your hand.  Solidly built.It is pretty reliable (only frozen and required reboot twice so far)You can easily carry it in your pant's pocket. (compact enough)The screen is very responsive.(Con)The screen is fairly small on today's standard.The pre-installed apps are not that great.it has a physical keyboard.  But you don't use it.(Summery)Sure it is not iPhone.  But it is quite adequate.  If you have not had a smartphone before,I believe this is the best introductory smart phone out there now.  Highly recommended.

Would my son have preferred an iPhone?YesAt 13 was he happy to receive this Kyocera Rise as an exercise in responsibility?ABSOLUTELYFor the price (19.99) as well as the price of a prepaid service plan (starting at $30), I really felt that this was perfect for my family. Before adding my son to our family plan, I felt as though a prepaid phone, that he must work to add minutes to/buy aircards/whatever, would be perfect. My son is also super forgetful and routinely irresponsible, so I didn't want to invest a whole lot into a phone, but wanted him to have a smartphone due to his love of gaming. (I am also a high school teacher who sees her fair share of busted screens, broken speakers, etc.)So this $20 Kyocera is perfect for us, for now.The phone may have a slideout keyboard but it also has one of the newest Android operating systems that I've seen for a cheap phone....so if you're looking for something super cheap and Virgin Mobile works where you are (we live in Memphis) then I highly recommend it.

This is my life line.  I love the drop down keys that are back lit.  I have had no problems and I have had my phone for over a year.  Would not think twice about buying another and you can not beat the price.

I finally made the switch from Sprint to VM saving me more than $30/month. At first I got a basic phone since I really wanted to go cheap. It didn't cut it. I waited for the Kyocera Rise to come down in price, got it for $49.99 before Christmas 2012.My last Android was a Samsung Intercept, can't say too many nice things about that one. This phone, on the other hand, is great! I don't have Sprint 4G in my area so all I need was 3G, done! I love slide out keyboards which are hard to find with Android, done!The 1GHz processor is awesome and I haven't had a crash yet. I love using apps like Skype, Netflix, Youtube...the 3G works great! I even used it to tether when I first moved. Not the fastest but I was able to reply to emails.Battery is OK as long as I am not watching videos or on the phone all day. App management is a must for the battery life. I find eco mode an asset! I just charge it at night.I really can't think of anything bad to say since the phone is exactly what I expected, if not better since it doesn't crash and is bulky enough for my large palms.

i got this phone because it was affordable and had a slide-out keyboard, and if all you're looking for is something for phone calls and texting, this is a great phone.  however if you plan to play games or run apps much at all, i would definitely recommend something a little higher up the line.  my first Rise crashed frequently when i tried to run apps.  it would freeze and i would lose all touch-reception, and it restarted of its own volition multiple times.  often it wouldn't sync my email, and the Google Navigation GPS system would lose signal at least once every trip.  i exchanged the phone for another, thinking it was just an isolated issue with that individual unit, but the second one had all the same problems.  i finally gave up and just bought a better phone and now i have a fancy alarm clock.it made calls fine and all my text messages were sent and received properly, but if you're looking for a smartphone that runs apps and has any bells and whistles to speak of, i recommend looking at a different model.

Love, love, love this powerful little phone! It's inexpensive and has all the power of those expensive (way too expensive in Verizon's case when you take into account what they charge for their crap service and data plans) phones out there. Virgin Mobile has not disappointed with me and I was a Verizion customer for years before I discovered they were charging me WAY too much for a data plan. I will never ever be leaving Virgin Mobile's service.

I gave this cell to my gf and not only a month it started to overheat and reboot on it's own. I would not recommend purchasing this cell. Go for an iphone and you won't regret it.

So I bought two of these totally taking a chance for my parents. My parents had old flip phones, this was a major upgrade. I was really really surprised at how good these phones work. I messed with them recently and now my parents have a ton of apps (all worthless mind you) but this thing still moves like it's brand new out of the box. This is at least as good as the Droid X I know that's an older phone but for the price I would expect way less. I actually started to think maybe I should switch phones too. Service is more than good enough for them as well. Overall great buy.

My kyocera rise is everything i expected. however the memory was wiped from my address book and my camera has already been experiencing problems and the phone is less than &#61185;twenty five days old. the key board has started gliching out and some of the apps twist rather than hold consistancy in how the app should be applied. personally i would have liked to have a phone with camera on the front rather the back. brightness and volume is excellent long battery life tons of rings fairly easy to navigate.

would do business with you again , had no problems and everything work on it , very nice phone ,thank you

I like that this phone is an Android with a qwerty keyboard that does not sacrifice screen size for key pad size like others.I still don't understand why smartphones do not move toward this design which is more user friendly. I truly detest touch screen, unless is on a 5" and up screen, because my fingers just cannot get that precise when typing.I bought the phone because it was under $100 and had everything that suited my needs.I am an heavy texter so manageability, easy use and being a little rugged was a main requirement for me.The Kyocera Rise does well handling the basic messaging apps such as Whatsapp, Viber and Tango. Switching from app to app did not seem to slow down the phone.  Rarely apps are not responding.I never used the GPS feature so I cannot comment on it.The quality of voice in phone calls is very good. I never had issues with it. Like all touch screen phones when talking on the phone your ear will be touching the touch-sensitive screen so you will hear the vibration of it at times.The screen area is of an acceptable size. Smaller would not be a good thing for a smartphone, bigger would be better, but considering the price and cost being a factor this is excellent.  Web surfing can be slow at times (on the VM network which uses Sprint) and normal for this carrier brand.The phone is responsive, and fast enough for me.  I am judging this on the fact that this is my first smartphone. However, I have a tablet and a Mac Pro so I have an understanding of what I am looking for in terms of quickness of response, and related issues.It is possible to surf the web comfortably with this phone even if the screen is not large like more expensive smartphones. The finger touch zooming feature works very nicely and even better than my Nook tablet.This phone will crash occasionally turning itself off and then back on. It happens when you put it down.The phone reception inside the house is weak at times (a problem typical with  Virgin Mobile and Boost Mobile phones) in various spots of the house, so be aware of that.The phone will not receive well -or not at all- in remote wooded areas due to the poor reception of the Virgin Mobile network.PROS-Unbeatable price for a budget oriented person.-Excellent for texting.-Very good voice quality  with seldom calls dropped (due more to poor network than phone's brand itself)-Nice size dual screen/qwerty (for touch screen challenged people who are transitioning).-3G network detection is discrete-WiFi reception is pretty good-Handles well most popular messaging apps and other simple ones.-Easy to figure out for the first time android/smartphone user-very good for email checking and web mail as well.-can do banking on line too thanks to ease of use of zooming feature of touch screen.-Google search engine voice feature in Italian language is excellent.-Voice messaging alternative texting in Italian is also very good with minimal mistakes-Fast recharging time, reaches 100% in about 60 to 90 minutes.-Battery life on airplane mode is incredibly long up to 2 weeks-Good picture quality in camera-Good picture quality in video cameraCONS-Not a phone for gamers.-Not very good for downloading music or streaming video. Too slow and with tendencies to freeze.-Does not work outside the US.  Will not work at all in Canada or Europe.-Virgin/Sprint network is poor on not existent in many urban outskirt areas.-Battery life is poor especially when roaming (searching for network) or when texting heavily.  Phone will need recharge even twice a day, but recharges fast (see PROS).-Camera take option lacks of delay timer.-Google voice option text messaging is horrible at times if dictating in car with open windows. It will pick ups any noise and not work at all.-Google voice option text dictating in English is not accurate at all with one mistake after another.  Too frustrating to use. (this might be or might not be more of a google problem not a phone technology one).In summary the phone is for someone who will use it mainly to make phone calls and texting with light web surfing for email checking and quick web searches. It is a discrete phone for taking pictures and videos as well.

At this moment I am stuck in the emergency mode and cannot get out. Push any icon and what you get is a crap shoot.  Right now when I push home I get no change in the screen. Sometimes I get the home page and others I get the dialer. It isn't a phone it's a lottery. Oh yeah the phone is constantly breaking up or fading out.

I bought this for one purpose: to scan bar codes.  I have yet to successfully scan a single bar code.  The camera just won't focus on the bar codes in even the best lit rooms.  It's very frustrating.I'm sure the phone does other things well, but since I'm not interested in using it as a phone, I don't really care about that.

This is the second Kyrocera I have purchased in 9 months. The first one overheated and destroyed itself in my pocket for absolutely no reason. Before that it would power on and off several times a day without being prompted, sometimes shutting down in the middle of using it. The camera is horrible and the screws that hold the slider must be tightened every few days or the slider will fall off. I repurchased this phone because it cost half of what I originally paid for my first one and will hopefully tie me over until I can afford to purchase one worth insuring. I have nothing negative to say about the sellers that I purchased this phone from. It arrived in a timely manner and in one piece.

I actually prefer my old phone to this one, an incognito because it was so easy to use but it was not a smart phone so I thought I would move up.  I don't consider this phone a move up.  My email is easy to check, and the camera works pretty well, even has a flash, other that that, ick.  I can't imagine this phone without the slide out keyboard, it would be impossible to hit those tiny onscreen keys, if you have big guy hands forget it.  Even the slide out is awkward on the top row you have to turn thumbs sideways.  Typing on the browser is crazy hard too I finally had to go to lycos to do a search because google and yahoo were  so hard to get to work because pressing the small text is so hard even with my girl pinkys.  Texting isn't great.  ANd Delete the ID's thing off the main screen, I accidently, or it did it on it's own, downloaded an ID and I had no choice then but to hit install and it wiped out my layout.  It is not very intuitive, it has taken me weeks to find the simplest changes (like the rigntone for texts). It is such small things wrong with this phone but they are huge in the annoying scale.  Since this is my first smartphone I don't know if it's just this phone that kind of sucks or all smartphones.  DIdn't buy it from here got it on sale at Walmart for like 75$ but the plan is great with unlimited texting (which I hardly use now since it's so messed up) and unlimited data for $35 a month.  I write this because I wish it had been here for me to read when I was shopping for the phone.

I have never had so many problems with a phone before this one will not hold a charge, it goes off to pages that I never visited by it self, it gets stuck all of the time I would not recommend it

I was pleased with the timely shipping and when i received my package it was brand new. I recommend this phone for someone who wants to start out with a smartphone. It doesn't seem to have a lot of memory and runs slow also. But overall for the price its a great deal.

It's everything I need in a phone and more....the sound is good, the lighting is good, it's easy to use/operate, and the batteries don't run out too fast, either. Great phone for the price!!

i liked the phone in the beginning but now it freezez alot and the screen itselfs stays dirty all the time.

You can't really beat the price, and I do like the keyboard, but there's a lot of sketchy stuff with VM's Android build. Battery lasts no time at all because it runs location services 100% of the time, even when they're turned off. List goes on and on: lot of spamware, lot of snoopware, and really hard to clean up. Caveat emptor...

I purchased this phone at Target, actually, but that doesn't mean I'm unable to write a review on it.  For the most part, it's pretty good.  It's got one gig of internal storage memory, so you can download a few apps, which is great!  It processing speed is 1 gig, also good.  I'm not sure about it's RAM; I could take another look at it.  The call quality is good and it's great for texting.  The MAJOR downside for me was that I was unable to get the browser or Play Store to work on Wi-Fi.  Maybe I was in a weak Wi-Fi, but I always thought a university would make a good Wi-Fi spot.  However, overall, it's good for starting with the Ice Cream Sandwich(Android 4.0) operating system; but I'd make a quick upgrade to a better phone that could get on Wi-Fi.  It's voice-to-text is actually pretty weak as well; but I didn't expect that much from a Kyocera in terms of that.  So it's a good starter for it's operating system, just beware of Wi-Fi browsing issues!

This phone is okay if you can get it on the cheap. It has a design flaw that cause the small screws under the back plate to come lose form usage of the sliding keyboard. I got 5 months of use out of it before i had to replace it.

Pros:IPS LCD touchscreenAndroid &#8482; 4.0 (ice cream sandwich)Up to 32gb microsd support1 GHz Snapdragon CPUVoice Guided navigation works greatCons:Lower res 480 x 320 pixels screenKind of short battery life if you use it a lotOrdered 2 of these Kyocera Rise phones when we recently switched to Virgin Mobile, one for me one for the wife. First thing I noticed when looking for Android phones was that many of the available phones had old OS versions. This one is at least had 4.0 Ice Cream.A Very convincing feature is the IPS LCD touch screen which gives it awesome viewing angles. I noticed it had an IPS screen when looking at the specs on the Kyocera main site.I gave this phone 5 stars not for being the best phone on the market, but at it's price, combined with all its features, and what I'm using it for, ya it's a 5 star phone. My area only has 3G so 4G wasn't an issue.I loaded it with a 8GB class 10 micro SD card and loaded a bunch of apps like ebay, PayPal, Torque, Firefox, BroView, Scan, Newegg, Adult Swim, all work great. I used Bluetooth to transfer all contacts from our old phones.Note that it has a 320p resolution (480x320) so you can't watch HD videos. Just pay attention to the resolution of video content you want to watch on it. It was easy to put a nice music collection on it. Voice assisted navigation works great. I use speech to text to send texts.I like having the full keyboard option but find that I usually just use the touchscreen, I use a small stylus cause I have big fingers. I do have to hold down the power button to reboot it around once every 2 weeks, or anytime I feel it's slowing down. It freezes up on me maybe once a month, reboot and it's cool. I noticed it helps to click on the recent apps tab and close em all, also clear old notifications when it slows down a bit.If you just need a basic android phone, or are just now upgrading from non android, and don't need HD content, then this phone will do just fine. MANY of the other phones offered have weaker processors, older android versions, and don't have IPS screens but cost more than this one (for some reason,) so even after using this phone for about 4 months now, I still feel it's the best overall deal.

I really wish I had bought a smartphone before now. I especially like the physical keyboard because it's hard to type acurately using the virtual keypad presented on many apps.

everything I expected great device for a good price everything seems to work effortlessly very nice to have a prepaid device running android 4.0

I bought this on black Friday for 30 dollars. SO far (with eco mode enabled) the battery lasts for a good 16 or so hours with heavy use and supplies awesome talk time. I bought a case off of amazon too. Its fast and cheap you cant beat this deal. I recommend this phone for anyone.

Great phone, easy to use, excellent price. The only con, the battery doesn't life is short if you use your phone for web surfing, data, etc.Overall, excellent product.

So far so good this is my first smartphone, and I am happy with it only issue is the phone will not connect to my home wifi network. Iwill contact my provider to help with that. i was a Sprint customer so I am familiar with phone service from Virgin. The camera could be better but everthing else on the phone with the Adroid 4.0 works great. This phone cost me $59 a steal no rebates either.

i am so happy with my phone i love everything works no scratch no glitches omg thank you so much

a gift for my brother, he is really enjoying this phone.

Pro:1. physical key pad.2. Good saving on Virgin mobile cheap monthly rate.3. Android 4, a lot of program you can choose.4. Metal Layer covered the PCB.Con:1.As you try to load the App, it generates the noise when you touch the screen all the time. It is not a good phone to run the entertainment program2.The screen color is not pure, refresh rate might be low, because the way it works just like the old D-sub VGA.

I plan on buying this phone soon. But just to clear this up, Android 4.0 is NOT Icecream Sandwich. It's Jelly Bean. And this phone does run Jelly Bean. It says so on the actual VM website.

I bought this phone and set it all up ($50 on sale at target) - and had to go back and replace it because the microphone was broken. So second phone I have had for a few months now, at first it seemed great a $50 smart phone that worked! However, as time went on I even bought a larger memory card so I might be able to speed up the phone - did not help. Now everytime I try to use the GPS it crashes halfway through the directions and then works the second time. Facebook normally crashes first time too. Now I even had the 'phone app' and 'contacts app' crash - so i couldn't even use it as a PHONE!!! I will be replacing it as soon as possible but I am unemployed right now so have to deal with the crashing and hopefully it will work if I ever have an emergency.Oh and battery power is awful! I have to carry my external battery round with me if I want to use it during the day for GPS, for example a sightseeing day around manhattan looking up about 5/6 places on gps and a few websites for info - I will have to charge the phone twice even with coming out with a full battery! Once I took it off the charger at full charge and 15 minutes later of non-use it was on 11% battery - there must have been an app malfunction or something.

I read quite a bit of reviews before I bought the phone however, I decided to go with it because I only needed it to do 2 key functions. CALL and TEXT, anything extra was a plus for the price. I only had the phone 2 months 9/10/2013 and the phone just went out on me, screen completely blank but the back light come on. There was only 4 social networking apps on the phone that I downloaded, no pics, no vids, and about 20/30 contacts. now I'm looking sick what a drag, gotta pay twice as I read in a previous review....

I like this phone for the price I paid. I use this mainly for texting, Facebook and sending pics. It is a great starter phone forsomeone like me that is not tech savvy and since buying it I have learned a lot about androids and keeping up with technology.I have had not any of the issues with this phone that others complain of except it seems to be slower then when I first bought it.. I bought it in January 2014.I love taking pictures on it and my pictures get compliments from all over asking me what kind of phone I'm using.The pictures are very sharp and true to life and the only thing it doesn't seem to kind to me when I do a selfie..forget that, tootrue!All in all I can recommend this phone for a great starter phone, you can't go wrong,

excellent!! so that still I have not even been able to activate, I live in Dominican Republic ans I don't know if I can't but everything is excellent!

At first this phone was quite good, functioned as a basic speed smart phone. After a few weeks use, it started (and has continued) to just shutdown at random. It gets glitchy when more than 4 windows are open. It's too slow to handle Angry Birds.

At first I was in love with this phone but now not so much. I have trouble sending text messages, I get text messages late, my phone calls other people while its on standby, sometimes I don't receive phone calls, and also the phone screen starts to turn black and that it gets lighter again. At this point is just want to break this phone. ive only had this phone for 2 months and im already looking for another phone. Im thinking about getting the samsung galaxy reverb.

This phone is absolutely terrible. It freezes up non-stop. Battery is bad. The touch screen is unresponsive. The phone starts wobbling and gets lose if you use the slider on it. Do not buy this! it is a waste of money!

Virgin phone service seems to be the cheapest service around.Works well in must places. Bought these phone for my Granddaughters. All three. they love the phones.

I do alot on my phone; browsing, emails, apps, texting. I needed a phone that could do this efficiently and reliably (and have a mp3 player, but it's pretty standard these days).In the first month, it had been not-so-great in it's performance. I live in a black hole of coverage area but the call clarity everywhere else has been satisfactory. I had a problem with it turning on unless I had it plugged in.  A big problem.  The phone seems to lag a little(I was a little upset bc it was ICS-an upgrade) but nothing unusually slow.  The speaker and camera quality are excellent.  Entering month six, there's some issues that I've decided warranted this review.Games like Angry Birds, etc. will lag like 50% of the time and force close on occasion.  I think this is because like I said above, I live in a black hole for cell signal, ..buy why do I need any signal if the game is downloaded to my phone? I don't know if this is just my ignorance, but every time I remove the memory card (which I use as music storage) and then replace it, all my playlists are gone. Like others have wrote, the phone seems to reboot ALOT when it feels like it which is a distraction sometimes.  People have complained about the battery but I feel some desire to say I haven't felt handicapped by it, but that might be because my life has me near a charger 10 hrs a day.  But I've played with apps while listening to music in the back for 30-45 minutes at times and it hasn't drained the battery to low levels.Let my summarize this by saying that I'm the most fical person with phones I know.  Taking a look, it was the perfect size for me, it was android, and I even liked the name. Awesome. However, the problem with the rebooting has become exponentially annoying.  And the phone's "par or worse" performance with gaming seems like a cheat because this design is less than a year old. If there was a phone with exactly the same hardware and color on the market I'd consider trading, but I've given enough of my money to phone companies for now.

There are some issues that many of you are having with your phones. I figured out ways to cirumvent most of these problems.1. Poor battery life: When the phone first gets activated/boots up, a diolouge pops up, informing you about the Connections Optimizer Service. You really have no option but to accept it. However, What you need to do after you accept it is: 1) Click on the far right button on the navigation panel. 2) Hit "Settings". 3) Under Wireless and Networks, hit "More". 4) Click "Mobile Networks". 5) Click "Connections Optimizer". 6) Uncheck the box.2) Issues with the actual battery: It doesn't seem that Kyocera ships with the faulty battery stickers anymore. I thoroughly checked my battery, and the only thing was the "PULL" tab on the battery itself. This is also handy for pulling the battery out after random shutdowns.3) Overloaded RAM. It seems that many random shutdowns are caused by overloaded RAM or processor chips. All you have to do to solve this is click on the icon with the two boxes, and swipe away any apps you're not using, or need. This will clear out some RAM. (For instance, on my phone, Maps always starts when I boot the device. I dunno why...)4) A few other reviews have said that the keyboard is a bit hard to operate. After using different methods, I've discovered that it's best to use the physical keyboard as if you were using an on-screen one, that is, with the pads of your thumbs instead of your thumbnails. Old popular slider phones like, say, the LG Rumour, or (from personal experience) the TracFone LG T-401-G, required use of your fingernails to operate the tiny keys. The keys on this phone, however, are larger, and therefore do better with a more flat, even-pressured approach.Generally, my tip would be "Be patient with this phone. It's a sort of low-end phone, which means that the Nexus, and even some of the other Virgin phones can leave this one in the dust".There are also some apps I'd like to suggest:1) Start using custom launchers. I'm using Atom, but you could also use Nova, Apex, Go, ADW, or Zeam launcher. Some launchers have special add-on apps that let you control your phone. Go Launcher is the biggest example of this, with roughly 10 add-on apps to choose from.2) An app I've found useful is Onavo. It helps squeeze more data out of your connection so your 2.5GB 3G speeds last longer through the month! In two days it has saved 3 MB. Also, using WiFi will help for when you're at home.3) Custom Browser App. There are dozens to choose from. Dolphin, Maxthon, Chrome, Firefox, Opera ect. Choose one that will make you happy. Unless you use IE, there is a corresponding Android app for your browser, which usually means you can sync your settings, bookmarks, and other goodies between your computer and cellphone. Also, it may result in faster browser speeds.In conclusion, I encourage you to buy this phone and really play around with it. I have not rooted it yet, and likely won't, but I seem to be getting along with it just fine. Android is great because if you break it, you can Factory Reset it. Assuming you didn't do anything drastic to it (which if you didn't root it, would be highly unlikely) you should be fine.Embrace Android. Embrace Freedom.

We bought this ohone because my daughter wanted a new smart phone. She had it 10 days and it quit working. The screen backlight lit up but nothing would display. We tried everything we could find online to try and fix it. No such luck, ended up replacing it. I should contact the manufacture regarding this and see if they would replace it. My daughter really liked it.

Got this phone in the mail yesterday and I was so excited for it but the excitement went away in less than 24 hours and here's why:-The phone did not want to read my 16gb micro sd card correctly,the music and pictures came and went on their own so i finally got tired and i removed the memory card and i was planning on buying one with smaller capacity tomorrow but..-about 3 hours ago the phone stopped responding,for example every time i wanted to text someone the damn thing just kicked me "out" of the application and i had to restart the phone... which i did about 3 times but after that...-the phone worked fine for about 15 minutes,then the screen went black,then blank and then it just started  re-starting on its own over and over for about and hour so i finally just pulled the battery out and the first thing i will do tomorrow morning: RETURN THIS PIECE OF JUNK... shame on kyocera and virgin mobile (sprint) for selling this type of "phones" now im stuck without a phone since i sold my optimus elite to my friend thinking i did not needed it anymore....!!!!

Bought this as a first phone for my teenager.  Had it less than 6 months and the keyboard separated from the screen.  Disappointed.

Would give a 5 star rating: but only had the Kyocera Rise less than a month, and still on a learning curve.  First smart phone ever. Great apps. Love the Navigation app!  Fine sound quality on phone calls. Messaging great with slide out keyboard making it easy for me. Camera is just fine for my needs.  Virgin Mobile offers a monthly program without contract that fits my needs.  Would be nice if a car charger was included in initial package.  Battery charge for my use is good.  Anti-glare screen cover is a must when you purchase this phone, and a protective case.

I could not get the phone to work. When I spoke with someone at Virgin Mobile, she got very frustrated because I couldn't understand anything she she said because of her strong accent. She eventually put me on hold and left me there. I ended up returning the phone. I did like the look of the phone though..

So far the phone is a winner in my book, with the exeption for it being a little heavy and the qwerty keys have these ittle bumpy tabs under them and if you don't hit them squarely the keys don't respond. If you have long nails this might be a problem. I am no techie so I am still learning how to use a smart phone and all it's features. I am really happy with sound quality except for the speakerphone seems to not work well forthe person on the other ed of the line from me. They keep saying they can't hear me clearly or that my call sounds like it's breaking up. The battery does need daily charging as all the programs suck the juice out of the battery pretty fast. Great starter smart phone!

I wanted a phone for my son for his birthday(12yr). This would be his first phone so I didnt want to spend to much because I wanted to make sure he would know how to take care of it. This phone seems to fit the bill. He also loved the slide out keyboard. The only down side to this phone is that it does not have alot of memory so an adult may not want this phone but for a teenager I think this phone is great.

I've had a dozen phones or more, but never got one that was completely dead on arrival. I know this is a fluke, but I wanted to let you know that this happened.

I bought this phone for my girlfriend from best buy for 79.99 and seemed decent at first glance android 4.0, camera keyboard etc,then after we opened the box the phone is HUGE, but she was still happy with it. A week went by and she noticed it freezed alot, atleast twice aday also the camera took really low quality pictures and the battery lasted only half the day if even that, she started to hate the phone so we ended up returning it and just buying the optimus elite. she like this phone 10 times better maybe an older OS but the phone is better quality and thinner with a much better camera 5.0 megapixel and longer battery life

I've had this for over a year.  The only thing I like about it is the keypad.  I'm around computers most of the time so I use this only when on the road and maybe 5-15 times a month.Some days it randomly reboots and freezes a few times a day, even when on a call.  Memory is suppose to be the root cause of these problems and I suspect that for android devices the memory footprints of a lot of apps have been inching higher.  I'm also not sure whether it's the Sprint network as it tends to behave better when there's wifi (eg waiting at a doctor's appointment).I use google voice when I can and find that I avoid this phone and answer with the landline or nexus 7 whenever I can.  Guess it's time for a change, maybe the Moto-X and maybe straighttalk.

I do like the phone, I picked it due to the slide out.  I'm not a big 'smart phone' person and I use the phone very little.  But it is there if I need it.  It takes pretty decent pictures as well.  As with anything, I wish the batteries didn't run down so fast.

Smooth.fast.are the words that describe this phone. although the camera is really crappy at all the phone is good for this price.

i have a question about the wifi i had a kyocera event  and when it was on wifi i had full bars to talk text etc the kyocera does the same full bar coverage but cant talk or text..why and what can i do?

great phone for the money and awesome reception which surprised me,cause we live way out in country and not too many cell towers around but it gave us great reception and easy to use.

nothing was wrong with this phone actually i should of kelpt it i just sent it back cause i say something else that i wanted

Have no issues with this smart phone, I use the $35.00 monthly plan and it is a good phone. Just as good as the high end phones. Savings is substantial.

This phone is ok for texting and browsing the web, but you'll have a hard time with playing apps on it. The Kyocera Rise has VERY little ram. I'm finding myself constantly force closing apps just to keep the phone from freezing up on me (which it has done many times already) other than the RAM issue the phone is just fine.

I encountered a problem with the battery right out of the box but I slipped half of a match box under the battery and it is  now working fine. Great first smarthpohne, cheap and nice

I am new to the adroid type phones.  This is my 2nd however.  The first phone (a Samsung something) broke and I had to return it to Samsung; they fixed it and returned the phone back to me and 3 days later it was doing the same thing as before!  Amazon was great at the no hassel return.  I then research for a less expensive plan and phone and found this Virgin Mobile Kyocera Rise.  I love it!  It's perfect for me.  Great for a beginner who wants data, navigation, and other more common uses but not all the bells & whistles of some of the other (more expensive) phones.  User friendly and better yet...it works!  I'm very happy with this phone.

At the time that I purchased this phone I had dropped my old phone and shattered the screen. I really didn't have the money for the phone that I wanted, so I purchased this one because it fit within my budget at the time. I'm now due for an upgrade!

This is much better than Samsung Intercept I had for awhile, this phone helps me out with a lot of things. Kept me up with college emails and what not. Wish this phone was out sooner.  Greater sound quality to music and watching videos, there are endless of possibilities. Love this phone! I like this over Iphone since I'm more of an actual button user for texting and I do like touch screen but I got to have both. This is a win-win for me. I'm Deaf/HoH.

its nice but does freeze a lot...good for a starterphone but bad if ur tech sabbybest thing is the keyboard

The only bad thing is that for some reason it stopped working and i dont know why but i love it

i just bought this phone yesterday and i like it alot, ive only had a blackberry curve as a smartphone, so this is my first android, the slider keyboard is sturdy and firm the speaker is as loud as my blackberry so no complaints im not very picky or use much apps just facebook pandora and texting so phone runs smooth no freezing like my blackberry occasionally does, for $99 bucks you will be happier with this phone than the optiumus elite or slider my friends have these phones and they like mine better :)

i order this item because i needed a new phone since i drowned my older one and the insurance wont cover the damage so i opted for this very affordable phone just to try my luck and i dont regret it its cheap works awsome battery life is really good i've got no complains so far really happy with it :)

The phone works great, it has Android 4 (which was the reason i bought it) and the sliding keyboard is a plus (much easier to use the the soft keyboard).

The Kyocera Rise is a great phone for the price.  It does what most every other smartphone does, just for less money.  The pros about this phone are everything you'd expect from it's sales pitch says so I'll just limit my description mainly to the cons, which there are really only two of.I can't attest for the speed of the phone with games and such but I haven't had any real problems with load times for basic apps.  There are short waiting times to load apps (between 1 and 4 seconds in my experience) but they are completely acceptable for this price of a phone.The camera is terrible.  It is unusable for bar codes or anything with detail no matter the lighting or phone stability.  It is pretty fuzzy (great for if you ever see Big Foot in the distance).  Though the light on it is exceptional.  With an app, it can easily be used as an emergency flashlight as it is very bright.My biggest beef with this phone (and it did concerned me before I even purchased it) is the battery life.  With very minimal use (light texting and checking the time here and there) and a battery saving app, I can get it to last 3 days.  With my normal use (still pretty lightweight) I have to charge it every other night.  If I do anything halfway productive on it, it'll last a day.  I knew this problem when I decided to convert to a smartphone (used to charging every other week), but even for smartphones, this battery is rated on the lower end.I'm a low maintenance person and besides these two things (camera and battery life), I love the phone.  I especially love the sliding keyboard.  This was my first time using one and picked it up naturally.  I can even now text predominately without even looking at the phone all together; something that would probably be impossible on a touch screen only phone.

I bought it for my daughter who is very hard to please and she was so excited never put it down for hours. Thank you for the easy use features.

Maybe it is just this phone and not Kyocera Rise in general because I read some good reviews before purchasing, but apps keep crashing, even built in apps.  The phone keeps restarting.  I actually got itn to use as a PDA not to use as a phone, but it is not working for me.  I am going to try exchanging it to see if things get better.  I'll let you know.

Liked the price, at the time. Have since seen it for much less, which bums me out, but hey, who knew?I do like the phone. Never had a Droid before and have to get used to having to charge it every night (my old phone would last nearly a week before I needed to charge it). Plus I'm not sure about the apps thing and the internet thing. Only thing I miss - there's no one to go see to show me what I need to know (had TMobile before and could just pop into their store with my questions).This old dog just needs to learn some new tricks :)  The phone itself is lovely. I love the size of the screen and the QWERTY board. I do wish my nails worked on it, as my previous phone did, but I'll get used to it.

have considered another cell phone for easier use, ear buds fragile, key pad is unresponsive after five flicks and much bang for response, even with sty pen, too many drop calls.

Well this was my first smartphone and it was cheap so what do i expect. My first one just didnt want to turn on anymore and i still have it collecting dust. My 2nd one first the microphone broke so i wasnt able to make calls only text. But now it still works but it turns on and off at random so i would say dont buy this product instead save up for another phone.

it seems to do what its supposed to do, and it has a LOT more memory than my old phone (the PCD venture), which costs twice as much on amazon, and even more on VM.as noted, amazon prices for this unit are MUCH lower than VM, or physical retailers.the shipping prices are twitchy, however.it was sent USPS (YAY!) (no waiting for a private carrier to maybe decide to deliver it this week) the battery doesn't SEEM to be an issue.,a nd I noticed while exploring, the eco mode, which seems to be smartfone lingo for batterysaver , and of course, turning off the internet, when not inuse.it downloaded a few non communication apps relatively easily.-a restaurant, one for a side gig of mine, and a video game.-it seem to me, that if the phone itself was $5.00 less, and the plans were within bounds of reason (say $15.00 per month, instead of the current higher rates for 300mins/unl/talk/text), it would be great.one note, vm in USA is a sprint reseller (and even tho its le$$ than 'real' sprint,, sprint doesn't lease to/from/other carriers. so theres no roaming  with vm, you either have service or not.oen other note, the unlimited data is NOT truly unlimted, as they throttle it back to 1x aftera certain gig limit in a calendar month.also, its 3g, not 4g.but worth the price,I noticed the battery heats a bit during internet use, I hope that isn't a sign of problems yet to come,id like it ot last at least 6months.-one other thing, with the physical keyboard.(critical component, imo), the 'zero' key is over the letter 'p', which is next to the letter 'o' on the keyboard.out of the corner of your eye, this can be frustrating, when u r trying to type a series of letters with a lot of zeros, and you keep accidentally entering '9', (which is over the letter 'o')

Got this as a Christmas gift for 13 yr old and to upgrade her non-touch screen phone (Virgin Mobile) . Phone easy to navigate and good sceen size and features. Could have purchased phone a little cheaper if waited a week or so prior to Christmas but price I paid was not bad, well under 100.

I bought my first "smartphone" 6 months ago from Virgin Mobile, prior to that I always had "dumb" flip phones. I bought the HTC Wildfire S as it was on sale for $64.99. I thought it would be cool to be able to use it for mobile check deposits, making my banking so easy by just snapping a picture of my check and sending it through. My HTC was perfect for that reason...however, I soon outgrew the HTC because of its low memory issue, and android 2.3. I was running only two apps, and barely had anything saved to the phone.I was sick of having to clear out the cache several times a day, and the HTC always restarted or froze up on me. After many hours of reading reviews online, I decided to upgrade to the KYOCERA RISE. I found it on Amazon for the great price of $59.99...a $20 savings over VM's Valentine's sale price.I AM SO HAPPY I CHOSE THE RISE. I wish this had been my purchase 6 months ago instead of the Wildfire S.I have now had the Kyocera Rise for over two weeks...and I use the heck out of it. The first two days I really punished it with heavy use, just to see what it could handle, and if I would encounter any of the issues I had read about. The only issue I had was ONE time when it froze up, and I had to do a battery pull. I think it was my fault for watching so many YouTube videos...and using the phone all day.This phone can be a bit confusing to figure out at first, like where certain apps are located, etc...but play with it or go online and find tutorials. Some people have also said the phone doesn't turn on unless connected to the charger. At first, I thought it was true, but I found I have to hold the power button down for a bit for the phone to power on.So far, I have loaded 5 or 6 apps on the phone, about a dozen songs for ringtones, and a few pictures. The memory is so much better on this phone, and Android 4.0 is a huge improvement over 2.3. There is still plenty of memory left.With that said, I don't think someone who is looking for an iPhone experience or has their heart set on the newest phone out there would be loving this phone like I do. You have to be realistic with what you are getting for well under $100. If you want a phone that handles tons of gaming, and other media then spend the dough on the newest phone capable of delivering what you want.If you want a phone that will easily handle Facebook, YouTube, a bit of music, and a few games, then this phone is AWESOME. I also have a good 3g signal most of the time, which is helpful when my WiFi goes out at the house due to power outages. I live in a rural area where this occurs frequently, and I like being able to use my phone to check emails, Facebook, and pay a few bills when this happens.Battery Life is ok...but I use the phone a lot. I expect that it won't last too long due to my heavy use of the phone.The only reason I gave the RISE 4 stars is because I have not done mobile check deposit yet...I will update the review after I deposit my paycheck and let you know if it works. If Kyocera had put in a 5MP camera, instead of the 3.2 MP, and added auto-focus, then I would have given it 5 stars.Bottom Line: If you don't have iPhone expectations, and use a modest amount of apps then I think this phone is rather suitable for you. I text often as well, using the slide out keyboard and Swype, and sometimes the voice texting feature which is great if you speak slowly and clearly. Call quality is good...clear and loud enough for me. I also use it a lot for Slacker Radio, and the external speaker is pretty loud. My alarms are loud too, which I like because I sleep very soundly.Would also like to add that it is possible some people bought this phone, and experienced problems because they had a "lemon". I was very afraid I would receive one from a defective build, and am very happy my phone is functioning properly. The only other problem you may encounter is with Virgin Mobile service, which is not up to par for many people at the moment. I had reservations about buying the Rise for that reason, but VM fixed their service in my area at least. I'm sure issues on that end of things will subside after Sprint finishes their build out/upgrades to towers.Thanks for reading this long-winded review...I hope it helps.

The phone is great out of the box, speedy, even better once rooted and Mobile ID is removed.  And for a while, you will love it.  It has 850 MB of internal and a SD card slot for memory expansion.  Plays all but the latest games.  But if you are unlucky enough to get one of the numerous lemons out there, you'll have HW issues within a couple months.  Wifi causing the phone to freeze and require a reboot by removing the battery.  Now the power switch has broken, causing the slightest pressure to cause the phone to reset itself, freeze, turn itself off, volume won't adjust, all apps freeze within 10-15 minutes of launching.  I restart about 10 times a day just to make the phone functional.  Virgin Mobile has stepped up their game, but this is not the phone to use with them.  Get something from LG or Samsung.  Avoid Kyocera.

As has been frequently noted, there is little RAM on this phone.  If you are a heavy app user (esp the Facebook app), you will need to aggressively manage your memory, or your phone will restart itself frequently and randomly.  On the plus side, it boots fastAm I the only one who finds the Kyocera boot animation REALLY annoying?  Rooted the phone primarily to change the animation.  Rooting is easy and fairly quick.Data on this phone is only 3G - fairly slow, but good enough for mod-quality videos and maps.  Use the built-in WiFi when you can.The camera is awful.  What it lacks in autofocus it does not make up in relatively poor sensor quality.  Cannot use barcode scanning, remote document scanning, or bank scanning apps with the camera - if you get close enough for the resolution you need, the fixed focus is fuzzy.  Ok for casual pictures.Touch buttons at the bottom of the screen are over-sensitive: I can activate all of them by accident while holding the phone in my hand.Overall, not a big fan.

Got the phone but a few qualities of it I did not like. Battery life is slim, the power button is in the way of the keyboard so when you open the phone the keyboard to txt, you might accidently push the power button (pretty annoying). Hoping it was 4g but the 3g is alright. Other then that its a great upgrade from the Motorola triumph.

reception is nonexistent in my apartment, I have to go outside and stand away from the 2 story building, out on the lawn to get reception.  Virgin mobile has to expand it's westcoast signal strength!  I've heard this from other people I've met who have tried the service as well.

A great phone!! A great phone for a mother like me...I really on top of everything between doctors appointments and school stuff.

I've only had this phone for a few days, but it seems to me that this phone is a solid, if not fantastic, value.Background (skip this section if you want - I'm big on context)First, I am new to smart phones - which is the customer profile that this phone targets. But not entirely. I lived overseas for several years for a few months at a time, constantly going back and forth - four months there, two months here, -those kinds of increments - until a couple of years ago.  So I owned an Ipod Touch (4g) which I tethered to a Mi-Fi card when in the United States.  In addition, I had a tiny tiny cell phone over seas which functioned on a month to month basis. So, here in the United States I also had a cheap cheap cheap cell phone using various prepaid services, the last being Tracfone, that I used for when I landed in the United States. The Ipod Touch gave me Iphone type of experience - and provided me a smart device as I was on the go, but technically speaking it is not a smart phone.The old saying is: the poor man always pays twice (once for junk and a second time when the junk breaks). True to the saying, I've probably bought a half dozen phones over the last few years - in ten, twenty or even 40 dollar increments. Maybe one of those phones worked for an entire year, but not many. I'm sure I've spent over $100, but not much over that, on cheap phones. The last one, the LG 800 touch became increasingly inoperable and I found it difficult to do simple functions, like making phone calls.Anyway - I now appear to be in the U.S., more or less on a permanent basis. So I could think about moving up market and into a smart phone. For over a decade I've dreamed of owning a device that provided what I call "total digital convergence": all functionality in one device: phone, audio, video, reader, surf the internet, office applications, etc... all in one device.  I think that device probably now exist in the Samsung Note (and no, the size doesn't bother me, it attracts me - you need a screen over 5 inches to have satisfying reader and video experience) but that's a big investment and its in the Android eco system - since I am familiar with the Apple eco system experience, I wanted to try a cheap but solid android smart phone that would hopefully work for an entire year or more. Maybe in another year apple will offer a device with a five inch screen and I'll have a choice there too. I am cheap, especially with regard to recurring cost, so I prefer shelling a few bucks and buying the phone out right first and then prepaying at the minimum possible as I go along. I'd like to pay $20 or less a month, but that's not possible, but Virgin mobile provides an opportunity to pay very little and I can shut down in a months notice again if I end up going back overseas.On the market for this product:The choice of android versus apple is a huge one because you are choosing between eco systems. I knew the Apple ecosystem through my Ipod Touch, so I was looking for an inexpensive android phone that would give me some experience in that eco system to help prepare me for choosing a premium phone down the line. But I also wanted other experiences. I am unsatisfied with the way you type text into an Iphone. So, I wanted to try using a device that provided a hard qwerty keyboard and android swipe to see if I preferred that experience.Overall I am very satisfied with this product so far.  It is only $100 dollars. Let me repeat that: it's only $100. The closest device offered in this area of the market is the LG Optimus Slider.  Target and Best Buy is still selling this device for $180, Radio Shack for $140. I actually bought one of these from Walmart for $129, but after tax, I was up to $142. I took it home a played with it a bit. The next day I saw news that this phone was coming out, so I immediately returned the Optimus Slider to Walmart. Straight Talk, Net Ten and Virgin Mobile, and others, all sell the Slider,usually for $180. Other comparable devices are sold for less, but without the hard qwerty key board - the Optimus Slider appears to be the best of the breed for low cost Androids, but with slower CPUs, smaller screens, and older versions for Android than the Kyocera Rise.That makes the Kyocera Rise a game changer for the market. Compared to these other bottom end Android devices, it seems like twice the product at half the price. It looks, feels and operates like it should cost double these other devices, but it doesn't, it cost less, and after taxes, almost half as much as the slider.I should note: Boost also offers an Android smart phone for significantly less (maybe $70 or $80 or so), with slide out qwerty keyboard - this is a good option, but the screen is only around 3 inches, the cpu is slower and the android version is older and you will have to pay $50 a month, though Boost will reduce cost if you pay consistently on time. For bottom feeders like me, but who prefer a small phone, this is an interesting option, but not for me (if I go back overseas, I will have to quit paying and I don't want the smaller screen).The Product:The Rise is a poor man's Iphone (keep in mind the new Iphone 5 will be announced next week). It has a 3.5 inch screen, Android 4.0 - which is much better than 2.3 in feel and operation. The screen is a bit grainier than Apple's retina, but reasonable to cope with. Other than the graininess of the screen you will hardly feel like you are using a much cheaper device than the Iphone (or in my case, the ipod). The qwerty key board is good, and much better than the Optimus Slider, though not as good as the Motorola Photon which I tried using in the store while shopping for this (the Photon is a much more expensive device and not offered as a prepaid phone). The keys are spaced out apart and have a bubble shape and some clicking motion and travel which makes it easier to use.  The device is thicker and heavier than most but that doesn't bother me.  It looks good and looks and feels of quality. The audio sounds fine to me. I have yet to use the camera, but it does come with a flash and a 3.2 megapixel.  (A photography expert once told me, that for most people, 3.3 megapixels is all you need for pictures as big as 8.5"x11 - and so you should shop for other performance measures when looking for a low end camera - so from my perspective 3.2 megapixels is as good as you need in any camera for a smart phone, the other features being more important).Compared to other devices in its price segment the Rise has: a Faster CPU, Bigger Screen, Better Keyboard, A Flash for the 3.2 mega pixel Camera (which other devices don't have).What it lacks is a second camera facing you for video calling - something that still isn't used that much, and I only used once or twice on my ipod just to prove that it worked - so I don't miss that on this device.I've used the navigation tool and it works amazingly well. I don't know what Garmin charges for their devices these days, but, you don't need one if you have a Rise - its free.The overall look and feel is one of amazing quality, despite the graininess of the screen (compared to my Ipod Touch). I don't feel much of any want for more functionality from this device.It seems to me, that you can't get a much better android phone in the pre-paid market (though Virgin will sell you an Iphone) at any price, and certainly a better value, but you can pay a lot more for less if you are not careful - but the worst thing is to come up short and find your self back in the market all over again, in "the poor man pays twice" mode.I've read the reviews on this device. Most of the "cons" are - the device is too thick, too heavy and too slow. These criticism are the result of comparing the Rise to more expensive phones &/or ones that lack a keyboard.  The real comparison is with the LG Optimus Slider - which is the top of the low end market - and the Rise is 'head-over-heels' better in nearly every way for nearly half the price over that device, to say nothing of the other devices. Virgin does sell a smart phone for $20 less, but this phone is a much better value if you can come up with the extra $20.An alternative approach would be to buy an old unlocked used Iphone. I do have friends that have bought these for around $200 dollars - they then buy sims from H20 or Tmobile with 1000 minutes of time for around $100. You can reduce your phone minutes used by using Google Voice/Talkatone over WiFi.  Incidentally, I will eventually attempt to do something similar with Talkatone/Google Voice on this phone - and that could allow me to reside on Virgin's $35 dollar plan longer - because that plan provides unlimited internet minutes and so Voip calls shouldn't go against my calling minutes. So for $100 (well $107 with tax) and $35 a month, I could have complete smart phone functionality (also note, that you can buy Virgin's top up cards from Target using a red card, providing 5% discount, and sometimes they have these on sale and some times you can get an extra 5% off - such as when I buy five prescriptions - so we are getting very close to $30 a month, and I can buy multiple cards when I get to that price point.)At current standing, I am totally satisfied, and pleasantly surprised at the look, feel and functionality of this device. It is an uber-bargain.  Now, you can have a great, smart looking, smart phone for under $100!The question is: will the poor man still have to pay twice for having bought this phone?The only part of this question left, for me, is how well it will hold up over time. That, I cannot not tell.  At this price point, I hope to get at least a year of solid service out of this phone. Two or more would be a bonus. If I have problems with it, I will post updates.Best regards.

The phone works well. Internet is a little slow, apps seem to slow it down. Great phone for the price I paid.

I bought this phone for my boyfriend for Christmas, he had recently lost his phone and his tablet pc broke, so I thought a smartphone would be a good replacement for them both.  He has been able to get everything he had on his tablet on the phone, and the full size keyboard makes net surfing much easier. For any of you who have been using the swipe on other phones and can not live without it, it has that option too. Over we have been very happy with the choice.

I myself don't like android. No matter the phone.This phone is definitely for a teen.Pros:It's perfect for a teen.Cons:Display is very pixelatedMost apps do not work ;; SnapChat, FB, Instagram, Twitter. They force close.When you slide the phone, it will leave marks.Not phone case compatible, don't waste your money. You will gain even more marks from the slider.The sound quality is terrible, Nokia ringtones sound better than any audio played on this phone.

I bought this as a gift for my 14 yr old son.  He loves it!  We are actually in the middle of activating it now.  But it came as promised.

this phone is very good and if you have trouble with any thing virgin mobile is right there and eager to help.this phone is awesome

I've had it for 6 months, my 1st smart cell phone, phone is okay. Virgin Mobile service however stinks. I live and work in an area that is supposed to be great for Virgin however I only get decent service at home. At work my service sucks.

I purchased a Kyocera Rise after I lost my phone. This was my only option with Virgin Mobile that I saw because I like a QWERTY keyboard.This item was purchased in a box store and I was glad that I did. I had to return the phone several times before I got it to work now (I think).My phone would work initially but after a short while on my first phone the sound stopped working. I could only make phone calls on the speaker mode and the music would not play. The store manager suggested that I get a new phone.The second one had a similar problem. This was very strange. Customer service in Manila was useless. Everyone I spoke to said are you sure the volume is on (which it was). I am not that ignorant. I finally got someone in Virgin Mobile who indicated that if I obtained some info from the box store they would send me a new phone (not a refurbished one) because the item was less than a month old. Everyone said that it was a hardware problem and not software incompatability.Instead, I went to another  box store with same company and they set up the phone. After one day it happened again so I took out the battery and reset the phone to the factory initial settings. After each addition or change in the phone, such as adding programs, moving programs to the sd card etc. demonstrated that the phone appears to be working well.After much soul searching I think that the problem was that the case was not closed completely and somehow this caused an interruption in service.No one in customer service or the store was able to help but when I mentioned this to the store mgr. he said that this was a possible cause of the errors that I was getting.I understand that this is a midrange product and should expect it behaves as such. Now the phone seems to be working well (3 days).I like this Android system as it is better than the 2.3 version that I was using in the past. Some general comments about this phone:The camera is weak in terms of color balance and the video could be clearer but they work adequately.I put in a 16GB card and for my uses this is fine.The volume is now working well.As others have mentioned the top level of the keyboard is too close to the screen.I do not like the fact that the fn functions needs to be activated each time that a number needs to be added.I do not like the fact that the Essentials program needs to be added. I would much rather have choices as to what programs to add. However, with the memory on the phone and moving all the apps to the sd card this issue hopefully will not be an issueI called Kyocera technical service trying to ask about this issue and determine whether this is a defect in their product. The person on the line refused to answer and directed me to Virgin Mobile. Not much help at all.

Great!!

nice phone,keyboard is a little wide so hard to type fast and get your fingers all accross. its a good quialty phone

Its not worth  1 dollar it freezes and didn't unfreeze until you take the battery out. It over heats till it nums your hand it crazy please don't Buy. I am going to buy the HTC with beats because HTC is a great company. I would rather buy the Samsung Intercept than this phone any day.

Inexpensive phone (got this phone for $60 - not bad!) that does everything I need - call, text message, and browsing the internet (though not super fast). The reason why I give a 4 stars is the battery lasts only for about 4 to 5 hours. I always carry the charger with me.

Really good value for entry smart phone. If you hate cringing every time your smart phone is bumped/dropped, you can find great deals o this every couple of weeks and eliminate the cringe without suffering too badly in service/speed. A bit heavy, but I actually prefer a phone with some &#34;heft&#34; without being too heavy.

I have only had this phone for about a week, but so far I am really enjoying it!  I have a VERY old Sprint phone that forbids me to use any of the new phones without changing plans so I the most &#34;current&#34; phone I am allowed on my family plan is at Touch Pro 2.  Anything Android is not allowed so I bought this phone to give it a try and I am very impressed with how much (and how quickly) I can check email and surf the web.  Lots of free Apps are available for the phone and Virgin Mobile's no contract plans are reasonable and offer the flexibility of stopping and starting service as funds permit.My only tiny complaint is that there is not a separate row for number keys on the Qwerty keyboard  You must first press a function key to input numbers.  But I am still giving it 5 stars.  For the  price this is a lot of features.  I will update if I run into issues down the road, but at this point I would not hesitate to recommend the phone and Virgin Mobile to my friends.

I decided to wait seven months to write a review rather than a week.It restarts by itself constantly. Sometimes it freezes for 90 seconds first, sometimes it just shutsoff instantly. Doesn't matter how much software you remove or how many CSRs you speak to. Crap is crap.If you want a smartphone, spend the money.

Item lasted under a year before the screws holding the two halves fell out. Freom day one the phone would shut off and turn back on every time you would slide it open.

Its the greatest phone ever it has fast shipping and everything . The first day i used the wifi in my house so and it works fast . Buy it its cool

About a year later, and this phone has issues. It freezes often, is slow to respond, and re-boots itself whenever it feels like it. Voice quality is terrible, but maybe that's the service itself.

Performance - great. Cost - perfect for people on a tight budget. Reliability - great. Picture clarity - not comparable say to a 4G; but, I get by with my Netflix. Great for teens or kids you need to stay in touch with or give as a present to them. I'm so happy.Amazon and their vendors always deliver on time or early. And I can't tell you how pleased I am that they stand behind their products 200%. They bend over backwards to make sure you happy with your purchase.

For people who hated this phone saying the quality wasn't up to par compared to their previous devices, I understand where you came from but, I mean, we're talking about an $80 phone here. I have been using this phone for 2 weeks now and I can say from my experiences that, at this price, this phone has exceeded my expectations in so many levels. The only con I find pretty frustrating (because there's not much I can do about that)is the battery life.

awesome phone and features for the price. nothing else in this price range even comes close.I would definately recommend this phone.

Worked for a little bit then started having problems and then emailed them and got it taken care of, overall it was okay for and upgrade from a non smartphone.

Great phone for the price enjoy all features! Would diffently order another!Smaller than expected but does the job. Able to still use cheeper packages but get the features needed!

I've had my Kyocera Rise on Virgin Mobile's network for almost a year now and so far, it's a horrible phone. The slider comes loose so I need to tighten the nearly stripped screws every few weeks, the calls drop constantly even if I have very good signal strength, the phone restarts itself on a nearly daily basis, I can't use any browser beyond Opera Mini or the phone struggles to even use one tab in most other browsers. It's horrible. The 1GHz Snapdragon processor and 512MB of RAM is simply not enough for even basic web browsing. This phone can't have more than 1 or 2 simple applications running at once without the OS severely lagging. About 1/3 of the time, when I go to open an application I can tap the icon a good 30 or so time and hear the "clicking" sound the phone makes when you go to an app because it takes so long for it to do anything. The only pros about this phone are the good battery life and the nice keyboard (excluding the fact that it becomes loose constantly). I highly recommend you save your money and get something better, because this phone fails at doing the most basic tasks you'd expect a smartphone to handle at least decently.

Just bought the Kyocera Rise Virgin Mobile Phone. I have not activated it just yet, but looking forward to it. I am very impressed by other peoples reviews of this phone and begin a Virgin Mobile customer as long as I have had a cell phone, I anxciously  await my upgrade from my Virgin Mobile LG Rumour Phone (which I loved) to my first Android Smart Phone. What sold me was the Keyboard which I definately need, and the price is only $49.99 at Target right now and Best Buy will match that price if you choose to shop there!!!

First of all I'd like to point out that I am not one of the people, who handle their lives with their phones. This comment is supposed to clarify that I am not a cell phone whiz.Here is what I LOVE: The screen is crystal clear and beautiful. Even though I do not have a cover it has not gotten scratched in the four months I have owned this phone. Obviously, I handle every phone the same way, and this is the first one, whose screen does not scratch easily.The camera makes very nice pictures.The keyboard is very nice, I like how the keys are spaced apart.Here is what I hate about this phone:The volume button on the left hand side works at easy or even accidental touch. Thus, inadvertently, the user can turn down the volume of the ringer without even noticing. In fact that is what happened to me non-stop when I got the phone. My previous phone had been an LG Rumor Slider. On that phone as user has to actually press the button vs simply touching, and only then the volume of the ringer would change. Personally I found this a lot better. Now, after 4 months of using the phone I have actually gotten used to this and check my phone's sound volume all the time. Naturally, I find it annoying. Since I love this phone's screen I would hope that somebody fixes this issue.Gisela Hausmann, author  & blogger

LOVE this PHONE!!! I bought this phone for my son as a Christmas gift and he is Completely Happy with it! It does everything the more expensive phones his friends have and MORE! He is the envy of his buddies! It does as much as my iPhone and if I didnt already have my iPhone I would consider buying this phone for myself!  I LOVE the size of this phone and the qwarty keyboard! The camera takes AMAZING pictures! We sent our Christmas pix to a store and picked them up and this phone takes pictures that compare to the 35mm that I have! I cant say enough about just how awesome this phone is with the Android 4.0.3 Icecream Sandwich it is phenomenal what all you can do with this $100 phone! If you are looking to buy a new Android/ Wi-Fi Pre-paid Phone Look No Farther! THIS IS THE PHONE YOU WANT!!!!! There are more expensive phones out there that arent Nearly as good so Stop Looking Now And BUY THIS PHONE!

Nice phone with great great apps but the battery life sucks!! I would recommend this product, make sure you keep a charger

I don't depend a lot on my cell phone. I just wanted a physical keyboard for texting. I'll probably keep this phone for a long time and may eventually discover all of the features it offers.It is perfect for me.

I have had this phone for 4 months, nothing is working properly I consistently have to have sprint update the wi fi on this phone it works one min then the next it don't. Failed!!! Getting a new phone asap.

after a while this phone started to fall apart the keyboard got detached from the screen but while using it for around a year this phone was crashed a lot but got a good amount of apps and sometimes it froze.

I've had this phone for a year now.Note: I use this primarily as a PHONE with just a Weather/time app, calender and email widgets running 99% of the time. I only have 2 games installed and I rarely use them.I love it. Never want to get another phone but unfortunately technology marches on, but until I get an awesome job or this phone is no longer made I will continue on with this phone.pros:its cheapit works 95% of the time(see cons for the other %5)I've accidentally dropped it MANY times from various heights and it still works as well as the day I bought it.not really a con but not really a pro maybe kinda:the screen is made of plastic, which means it can get scratched(not easily but it happens), invest in screen protectors or a case. However this also means it doesn't SHATTER when you accidentally drop it.cannot put or run tons of apps on the phone ( :c ) but anyways for me this is a communication device rather than a entertainment devicecons:Operating system is a bit quirky? it restarts by itself every now and then that's about it.Battery life: if you're in an area with no/very low reception put it on airplane mode or you will have a dead phone in less than an hour. Otherwise it lasts about 6-8 hours if you don't use it, or 4-6 hours if you take long calls on it.If you're out and about always carry a spare charger with you, this not only helps you but also your fiends/family/coworkers who need a charge lol.

I got two of these phones at Target on Black Friday weekend & saved them for myself & daughter for Christmas. I paid $30 each. The phone is surprisingly a very good phone - much better than.Iexpected.  the phone has a touch screen and apps, pretty fast OS and a lot of great features. It even seems to have a good amount of memory for downloading apps as well. Love the navigation (google maps) & access to social networks at my fingertips.

You cant go wrong with this smartphone for the price. The only thing im bummed about is that I dont get good service at my house with virgin mobile. But as far as the phone goes its a deal. Im sure other smart phones that are a few hundred dollars are better but for the price on this, its way worth it. The only thing that sucks is when you use the keyboard and want to press numbers, they put it so tight up against the top part of the phone it can be hard to press the buttons. Poor design on that part.

The key pad top row is too close to the phone, it could slide out a tiny bit more to make those keys easier to access. Otherwise, it's a good phone.

Great service.  The product is exactly what I was hoping to receive. Great job. Setup was easy and ready to use.

Coming from an Optimus V, and later an Optimus Slider, I can say that this phone smokes 'em both.  Honestly, the internals aren't anything fantastic compared to the Slider--and, in fact, aside from capacitive buttons and a camera flash, there really isn't much to distinguish it from its close kin, aside from a (slightly) larger screen.  Heck, the buttons and ports are all in the exact same place as the Slider.  The real bonus is ICS, which runs beautifully and with minimal lag or stutter.  Also, the physical keyboard is worlds better than the Slider, which to me felt very cramped.  After using this phone for almost a month, I can say that the battery life is comparable to the Slider, which isn't exactly great news, but it could be worse.  I started using JuiceDefender to maximize my battery life, but now I've switched to Tasker for most of the same functionality.  Out of the box I had a strange problem with the Wifi toggle causing the phone to freeze and then reboot maybe one out of every five tries or so; and two days ago my phone decided to completely die on its own, freezing before it could finish booting.  If you're wondering, you can hold Vol- and Power when turning it on to get to recovery, and from there you can wipe data.  I wiped it (three times, to be sure) and now it's running flawlessly, and I haven't seen the Wifi bug since.If you're wondering, the phone can be rooted; if you search, there is at least one guide posted, and it worked for me (protip: use the "v3" tool; at least, that's the one that worked for me.  Google "kyocera rise root" and poke around until you see what I'm talking about).  Titanium Backup, SetCPU, some advanced Tasker functions with the Secure Settings plugin, and AdFree all work great.Overall, sticking to a more-or-less stock Android experience with minimal fuss and an eye-popping price point make this an excellent choice for either someone's first smartphone or an upgrade for the budget-conscious.  At the very least, no one should even consider the Optimus Slider until they've cut the price below this phone.  The Evo and One V might have a bit more panache, but the Rise will get the job done any day of the week.UPDATE: My phone's still having the Wifi bug.  However, I can't seem to find anyone else online who is having the same problem, so it could just be my unit.  Still, I'm going to see if I might be able to get any support from Kyocera.

This phone is an unbelievably low price! At Wal-Mart...it's $30 more...This thing is beautiful! It's my first touch screen, and I'm jazzed~It's hands down the best deal out there for this type of phone...that's including the service...Hay, do the comparison shopping for hours like I've done, and I have no doubt you'll come to the same conclusion

I had purchased this phone to replace the one I had previously had. The only reason it is not a 5 star review is due to the fact that the screws tend to fall out of the back, which holds the phone together. It is rather annoying to have your keyboard fall off of your phone.

This phone is extremely fragile. I dropped it once from a height of a few feet and it ceased to function. The keyboard works beautifully. If only the phone were made of more durable materials, this would be a good purchase.

I love the phone and the price was just nice thank you and I really love this phone and everything about it I love playing my games on it thank you!

This phone was a bit hard to activate because of connection zones but if you call them they can help you if you need it . other than that this is a great phone that watches youtube very well and Wifi is decent. The only flaw in this is the camera mode  you cant turn that lound ass CHIRP off at all .....

My first 'smart phone' and I'm very happy with the Kyocera Rise. Excellent reception and although bulky compared to many smart phones on the market, I have no problem with it's size at all.

Had contract phones with one of the big boys and wanted to upgrade our devices. Would have cost a small fortune to make the move, so we went with Virgin Mobile. Monthly Savings are significant, this phone is great and the service/coverage is better than expected. Porting existing numbers over to VM was a snap (took maybe 5 minutes to get hooked up). Sometimes less is more and this is a perfect example.

man oh man.what can i say.i have been a virgin mobile customer for about 8 years.I have defended them for all of those 8 years.This phone is terrible.The camera takes pictures ok so i wll give it that but it freezes daily and crashes frequently.the next phone i plan to get thru virgin mobile will be the galaxy s2 but if i dont get good results im done with virgin mobile

Love this phone. 1st smart phone for me. I went from a $20 Verizon Prepaid phone to this one. Big difference in style and can play games and surf the web on it. Go figure. The phone has been working great for the past few weeks now with no major issues. Yes this one uses Sprint towers and does not get the best reception, but its cheaper than a Verizon prepaid $80/month. So price was the issue for me. Other people at work rant and rave about the new iPhone 5 and all its features, and I just say to myself, yeah my phone does that too! Not at 4G speeds or anything but I can still look up movie times and play games while I am waiting for appts and stuff. A nice upgrade and is cool getting to do what others can do for CHEAP!

bought a used htc wildfire and used it for three weeks, did not care for it so after trying to root the device for days ordered this, wow what a difference, smooth and fast, like like like,, apps are fast and nimble, move to sd works for most things to keep memory for app running not app storage, came with the 1500 mah battery so will see how long it runs after I disconnect from shore power, wish now I had found this one first, never have owned apple product and for 59.00 for this it is a great deal. I will update my review after I used it a while,. but from the start I am really liking it...

Perfect for the user that's not 100% touch screen happy. Love the keyboard and the price was a steal. Very sturdy and holds up when other phones such as the iPhone would have been demolished. Definitely a phone for the long haul.

Got it for my little brother he thinks I'm awesome. Lol he really loved it. The price was great and a lot cheaper than in stores.

hard to get use to. but over all a decent phone. havent got to use much and the speaker phone dont work very well if at all.

had to return it as my carrier do not accept it

This is a nice solid phone, though if your fingers are big it's a little difficult to use the slide out keyboard.  Everything else meets expectations.  Excellent battery life, I only have to charge it about every three days.  I couldn't for the life of me figure out how to make this phone ring with an incoming call.  I had to reboot the phone and it worked fine though.

really glitch, a waste of money, restarts on its own, gps never works when u need it. a real piece of junk!

I SWITCHED OVER TO THIS PHONE FROM THE KONA WHICH WAS DIFFICULT TO TEXT FROM. I AM IMPRESSED BY THIS PHONE AND GOT IT CHEAPER THAN VIRGIN MOBILE WAS SELLING IT FOR. I HAD IT ACTIVATED ON 12/21 AND AM ENJOYING IT. HAS MANY FEATURES AND FREE APPS. BEST CHOICE I MADE AND FOR THE PRICE AS WELL.

I got it on sale for $60 (Virgin Mobile's site wanted $100). It works well. It's not the quality of a Samsung Galaxy II/III but those are expensive and are too pricy for my budget.  Also, the video is not HD. But that didn't bother me, as I carry a compact-size HD cam. The camera is not great, either. But hey, this is not a &#34;Lexus&#34; phone.

Seemingly, Amazon has caught on to ubiquity of failures of this product, the Kyocera Rise. Amazon has suspended sales as of this date, stating:ITEM UNDER REVIEW"While this item is available from other marketplace sellers on this page, it is not currently offered by Amazon.com because customers have told us there may be something wrong with our inventory of the item, the way we are shipping it, or the way it's described here. (Thanks for the tip!)We're working to fix the problem as quickly as possible."Well, Amazon, let me make it simple for you (and those of you reading today): This phone is very promising ---- and also particularly fault-prone. Specifically, it is prone to power-on failures, freezes, app crashing and random reboots.Don't like the sound of that? Neither did I. Except it took owning the phone more than four weeks -- the duration of a typical return period -- to appreciate its utter lack of reliability.Thinking it a smart move, I spent the first 2.5 weeks running the phone, unactivated, over WI-FI, after which I opted to activate it because I had experienced no problem thus far. Shortly after activiation, however, all sorts of "issues" began to surface. Yet after attempting just ONE exchange within the 30-day return period -- for what turned out to be an equally buggy replacement -- the retailer refused to help. (Not to smear any of the sellers here, mind you. If you must know, Radio Shack.)The GOOD about this phone:Runs Ice Cream Sandwich, which is newer than the Gingerbread OS I was on with my previous VM phone, an LG Optimus Slider.Noticeably faster than the 800mhz processor in the LG Optimus Slider.Slide-out keyboard. I type with two hands and can do so much faster on this and similar keyboard-equipped phones than I can peck away on-screen. (Sorry, Swype!)Greater internal memory. With the Optimus Slider, which is otherwise a very solid and reliable phone, I was constantly hampered by a scant 181MB of internal memory. And because not every app can be offloaded to a microSD card, the internal memory "bottleneck" meant that I was constantly forced to delete or rotate apps. Not so, the Kyocera Rise.Solid voice recognition and Blue Tooth capacity. The purchase of this Kyocera Rise was actually spurred on by the fact that I could get no other VM handset I tried, whether HTC or LG, to run with my Kenwood Bluetooth car stereo, which I received as a holiday gift. A chief aim was to be street legal (hands free) on my cell phone while driving, and this Kycocera Rise was the only compatible phone I found in terms of working reliably with my Kenwood.Good volume range. This phone outputs a louder volume than the LG Optimus Slider. (You may wish to download something like Android Tools to obtain additional volume controls.)Auto-adjusting Screen Brightness. The LG phone I came from didn't offer this feature.After some initial trouble, established reliable WI-FI connectivity, with a fast and responsive feel. (Performance over the SPRINT data network, like most phones, is dependent on local coverage. In my case, performance of the Kyocera Rise is comparable to the LG Optimus Slider.)Battery Life: Using the app "Juice Defender Plus", I find it necessary to run the battery saver mode on "Aggressive" vs. the "Balanced" setting that yielded similar battery life using the LG Optimus Slider. All in all, I cannot complain about battery life -- it seems fairly average to me. (I do suggest turning off GPS, Bluetooth and other apps when not in use. The exception, however, is in being unable to force off the "Connections Optimizer" because it constantly re-enables itself on my non-rooted phone.)The BAD about this phone:Backside Camera with Flash. While I wasn't buying this phone for the camera, it isn't great even by 3.2MP standards. The problem is a lack of auto focus (the LG Optimus Slider offers auto focus, and thus takes better pictures with the same number of MPs). The worst thing, however, is that the lack of auto focus means that you can't use bar code scanning apps to do price comparisons in stores, to run cooking/grocery apps, etc.Audio. Call quality is not as natural as the LG Optimus Slider. Callers sound a bit distorted at higher volumes. It's not terrible but it is somewhat tinny.Screen. The display is not spectacular, probably among the weaker I've seen on any smartphone. Still, my "first impression" improved considerably once I removed the screen protector. (By contrast, on the LG I left the plastic overlay that shipped with the phone on to serve as a screen guard for several months. You can't get away with that on the Kyocera Rise because the overlay is gray and makes the screen look like blurry newsprint.) In terms of specs, the LG Optimus Slider has what would appear to be identical resolution, yet even when powered off one will notice on the LG and other brands a visibly blacker screen, which lends itself to crisper text and better saturation and contrast while in use.Keyboard. The Kyocera Rise's keyboard, while better than no keyboard at all, has a strange feel to it -- as if to suggest that one must toggle the key to the right or left as opposed to hitting it straight on. After using the LG Optimus Slider, featuring a compact slide-out keyboard with solid tactile "feedback", I get the sense on the Kyocera Rise that I am making far more mistakes in my typing than I actually am. The worst offender, by far, is the space bar. I have a sense that the spaces between words aren't there, even if it did, in fact, "take". Some of this, in any event, is to be expected when going from one phone to another -- each keyboard has its own feel and to some extent it is a matter of simply adjusting to something new. Still, I'm typing considerably slower on this keyboard than I was on the previous one. On the whole, though, it still beats going at it "one fingered" on a virtual keyboard.Power Button. While the on/off switch has yet to pose a problem for me, it is positioned such that it might be easier than some would like to shut off the screen (or the entire phone) by accident while texting using the slide-out keyboard. (Incidentally, for first-time Android owners who are having trouble with the screen dimming and locking too quickly, there is a setting you can adjust to keep the screen powered on longer -- that's one problem that does have an easy fix.)So what's the beef, the reason Amazon has suspended the sale of the Kyocera Rise at this time? If I had to venture a guess, it would be this:What is at first so utterly refreshing about the Kyocera Rise is its lack of bloatware -- not even Facebook comes pre-installed! What is bad is that immediately after activation VM pushes down an ID pack that will, at first blush, over-write anything one loaded previously (potentially a problem if, like me, you configure your phone mostly on WI-FI prior to activation). In the ID app, it is possible to switch back to the previous configuration (stock profile) but the sad fact of the matter is, the VM ID pack, including apps and wallpapers, is still lodged in there taking up memory -- where it perpetually runs in the background. (Of course, it won't show you that any of those other apps are installed until you back out of one profile to load the other.) Perhaps this wouldn't be so bad except for the fact that the phone occasionally "forgets" my ID preferences, inexplicably loading the VM profile such that it looks as if my phone has "lost" my apps/settings. Worse still, once the VM bloatware installed -- although it may be coincidental, not causal -- the many operational glitches with this phone appeared in tandem. These bugs, which I alluded to earlier, could just as easily imply a high rate of out-and-out defect: daily freezes and reboots, seemingly at random, sometimes to the point of being difficult to power the phone back on! And therein lies the worst possible conclusion one can have about any phone:YOU CANNOT DEPEND ON THIS PHONE IN AN EMERGENCY.The Bottom LineVirgin Mobile, Sprint, Radio Shack and others who sell this model need to follow Amazon's lead: They would do well, for the sake of customer relations, to back the full duration of the manufacturer's warranty because problems apparently occur with this model at a higher-than-average rates. (And no, I would not agree that this is a case of "getting what you pay for" -- if only because no brand on the market wishes to commit corporate suicide by issuing overwhelmingly faulty products, which consumers come to distrust.)For all its flaws, I am still inclined to like the Kyocera Rise. It is refreshing, after all, to (still) enjoy a physical keyboard; it is compatible with my Kenwood BT car stereo; and it has far fewer limits on the number of apps I can install than the LG Optimus Slider. Because of the problems described here and elsewhere on the web, however, Kyocera and its retailers need to prepare to stand behind the Rise because there are a lot of faulty ones in circulation, many more than the positive reviews initially imply.It seems, in closing, that the number of glowing vs. negative reviews can be attributed to what one might call "new toy syndrome". It's all too tempting to make haste to post reviews on a new and novel item before one has owned said product long enough to vouch for its reliability. I suspect reports of problems with the Kyocera Rise would be that much greater if new owners waited as little as two weeks longer before leaving write-ups on Amazon and elsewhere. After all, only a tiny minority of reviewers bother to post updates if and when product flaws surface. In this instance, the opposite applies, too: I'll be back to update this review if and when there is a SOLUTION to the reliability problems the Kyocera Rise exhibits.I'm crossing my fingers in the hope that a software or firmware update will do the trick.###March 2013 update: Kyocera recently updated the firmware. I have experienced only one random reboot since updating the firmware. The good news, is it seems the phone is more stable now. Only time will tell how it holds up but it's a promising sign that Kyocera is staying on top of the "issues".

What can I say?? Sweet lookin phone with android 4.0, for a good price..Got it as a gift for my girl, and she went through the typical, "new phone battery process". Battery charges but the phone likes to shut off at random.. She has to take the battery shield off, tap the battery out because it's the only way it will come out without bending your nail.. This is absolutely ridiculous and I definitely won't recommend this phone, nor will I give this seller good feedback..  I suppose you get what you pay for.

This is the best phone I ever had. I saw it at the store for $100 and got it on amazon for $50...It came when it said it would. i enjoy the touch screen and keyboard. I can download a ton of games for free, check my facebook, and navigation. I went from a nontouch screen phone.

I got this phone because I lost my old one and i wanted it because it was in fact quite cheap and I particularly like slider phones. Anyways, first day goes great, I download all my old apps and my contacts load up and I start customizing things. Second day though, man, the phone shut off while in my pocket and then when i try to turn it back on it constantly gets stuck on the Virgin mobile welcome screen. I let the battery run out to see if it'd reboot well and it didn't. I even performed a factory restore and it still freezes on the welcome screen. Had to perform a hard reset by pressing the little button underneath the battery at the bottom. I really wanted this phone to work for me, but I am utterly disappointed.

This is the second Kyocera Rise I have owned. It is a great low end smart phone, and has a slide out keyboard which I find much easier to use than a touch screen. This is not the best phone around, but it is the best phone for the price.

Easy to use, and has everything I need and want.The camera could be better, but it's not terrible.I would definitely recommend to others.

Bought for Christmas gift for granddaughter, thought it was a pay as you go phone. Didn't want a monthly bill

Overall this phone is a good phone but my has quirks such as when I use the volume button on the side of the phone it will turn down but when I use it to turn it back up the setting will not stay and I have to go in to the menu button and settings to set the ring volume. The processor is a little slow for games.

I can't do the on screen keyboards so I got this fat fingers. Works fine and worth the upgrade in my opinion. Keyboard hits your fingers a bit at the top if you have fat fingers like mine. To send a text you type it on the keyboard and then touch the screen to send it witch is a bit dumb. I'll look for a way to mod the keyboard when I have more time.

This phone does everything I need it to and then some.  I find the battery life to be more than adequate - I do need to charge it every night but I would expect to do that anyway.  The slideout keyboard is very very nice for someone like me who has never quite gotten the hang of texting on a touchscreen.  I have had the phone and been using it for a little over a week andI really have no complaints at all so far.

I've had this phone for a couple of weeks.  It kept crashing. I was told it might be some of my apps, but after the last factory reset I didn't put any apps on at all. I was too tired of redoing the phone every couple of days. This morning I woke up and while I was checking my text messages the phone crashed.  This time, it tells me to do a factory reset but the factory reset button won't work.  Doing a factory reset is a pain in the butt anyway, but when it won't reset, I'm stuck with a brick.  Customer service is not helpful.  "Well, ma'am, it should work."edit:I finally got an email from customer service telling me to return the phone for a new one and asking me for my address.  Gave them the address and got another email from someone else telling me they wouldn't send a new phone but gave a different way to do the factory reset and wipe all my data.  No one can give me any ideas why my phone is crashing every few days, but it's an enormous inconvenience to have to keep setting my phone up again. Thank goodness we got the phone on sale and it's a no contract plan that I can cancel.

Was looking for a phone with a pull out keyboard I just don't like the touch screen for texting and this phone was such a deal everything is so simple from ringtones to photos nice phone

Looking to upgrade from the abysmal Samsung Intercept, I looked to the newest decently-priced smart phone from Virgin Mobile. The look and feel is great; light, sleek, and fairly thin. The boot-up time, battery life, responsiveness, and display were all significantly better than the Intercept. However, it didn't take too long for the random reboots, freezing apps, and unresponsive menus to return. Although on a lesser level than the Intercept, this phone still suffers from issues plaguing most inexpensive smartphones. It's certainly tolerable, but disappointing nonetheless. I'd still recommend this to anyone looking for an entry level smartphone, but don't expect it to be perfect. You get what you pay for.

The phone works well, but it has a couple of issues. It has already randomly restarted on me a few times and for some reason the "limit apps to one process" option in the system settings doesn't work. This sucks because most free apps will randomly be processing and draining battery life even if I haven't clicked on them all day. These issues may be common to all smart phones as this is my first one.

i choose this rating because i love this phone but the phone sucks kinda it keeps freezing and restarting out of nowhere i just got this phone and it is already doing this. which is very sad. i recommend this phone to people with patience cause it will piss you off but i love the phone and the keyboard design

This phone is greaT my daughTer like iT she is a good sampling of selling iT To ThaT good money for iT so I figured for anybody They wanT The phone for Their children wiTh a greaT price is a good phone iT works greaT

I almost bought this phone.  The reviews on Amazon made it sound so great.  But then I checked the reviews on Virgins Website... and needless to say my opinion has changed.This phone is fantastic at first and at the time of writing is selling for a mere $60.  The reviews though on Virgin show a clear trend of you get what you pay for.  After about 2-3 months this phone starts to break down.  Some reports of litterally falling apart.  Most though seemed to involve sketchy battery life, frequent crashing and rebooting often times over 10x daily, freezing up, and more.If you only need the phone for 2-3 months then this is probably a great buy.

The phones touch screen didnt work and the charger they sent me didnt charge at all, terrible product they sent me.

FIRST POST: I could tell from the setup and how it was working that it has the potential to be a great phone, and rival it's more expensive foes... Good concept. However, I must have gotten a dud. Froze and crashed four times in three days. Amazon quickly sent out a replacement, and I sent mine back. Haven't activated the new one yet, so we will see. Willing to keep an open mind. For reference, I switched to this from the LG Optimus Elite, which was great for 6 months, and now it sucks!! Must be LG I have had problems with them in the past.UPDATE: Got the replacement, and had it for 5 days total. Had the same problems, and this time, the phone would randomly power off, even when it still had 89% battery. I would try using the power button to power it back on, and it would not turn on. The only way to get it back on was to remove the battery, put it back in, plug the phone into the wall charger, and then hold down the power button. So annoying!Returns were easy and nearly hassle-free, but I'd rather just be sent a good phone in the first place.Most of the reviews for this phone are good, and it is very annoying that I got two in a row that were complete duds. Switched back to my LG Optimus Elite, even though it's a year old and a little glitchy.Virgin Mobile, please come out with a QWERTY smartphone made of better quality!

My wife is super happy with this phone and the for the price, I have to give it 5 starts.

I read many reviews of this phone here and elsewhere before buying...for the smartphone &#34;snobs&#34;, this is a great phone, I loved it so much I bought my mother one and I am very happy with Virgin's service plans...

My first android, so i'm still getting familiar with it....great price!  Battery doesn't stay charged as long as i would like. That's the only problem i've had so far.

I've had a love/hate relationship with this phone.It's quite inexpensive for an Android 4 phone with a sliding keyboard.  The phone has a substantial and solid feel, and the camera is pretty good.  At first, I thought I had found a bona fide awesome bargain.Very soon I learned that the battery is not sufficient to use the phone's features for much time.  The only way for me to make it ten hours with the battery is to follow Kyocera's instructions by dimming the screen all the way down and turning off all apps and radios (like bluetooth, GPS, and wifi).  I've learned that if you need any of these features, you can use them, once.  You then will have a nearly dead battery.  If I attempt to make a bluetooth phone call or play a game or navigate, I can only do so once per charge.This essentially has crippled the phone.  It performs most of its functions well, but it can't really perform them autonomously.  I've learned to nervously watch the battery life.Ever since I got the phone, it's been automatically attempting to update the firmware.  There doesn't seem to be a way to stop this from happening.  Every few days the phone will let me know it failed in its firmware update attempt (and of course the battery will be at 25%... surprise!).  The firmware currently on the phone is 1.00.  I suspect this firmware would improve some of the power management of the device, but I have no way of knowing.  My efforts to get the firmware and manually update the phone haven't been successful, either.Finally, the phone intermittently crashes and reboots when the processor is taxed.  The main time this happens is when my GPS is recalculating because of a detour on the interstate or a major traffic jam.  So... basically the worst moments for the phone to falter.I've had no problems with the Virgin Mobile network, and I recognize that to get a phone with this level of Android I would normally pay about $30 more.  But I recommend shoppers either take that route or get an older phone that is reliable.  This thing is no good with a dead battery.

Had in less than a few months and the phones calling has no quality, no one on my other end can hear me. The phone is very slow. The phone will flash on and off any time I receive a call not responding to any action. So my phone becomes a non-working useless brick until they hang up. This phone does everything it can to piss you off, the UI is buggy. It starts on auto shut off, so the screen becomes unresponsive any time you call someone at random. But turning it off didn't change that. So good luck in the automated voice calls, when you can't press anything. The battery is short lived, Trust me, I'm so angry over just how fast I need a new phone. That the one I'm rating is too kind. You don't even get what you paid for, its just an awful phone. Do not buy, it may look good for 20 or near 40 at amazon HA even bigger ripoff,it's so not worth it. This is the worst phone glitches I've ever seen. This phone is worthless. And to please amazon I didn't curse but this phone deserves every bit of profanity you scream when you realize you wasted you money on this thing.

I love it.... its fast and just a smaller device just like my Acer tablet I love it it can be tricky if you don't know how to use it though

Phone didn't work. Virgin Mobile couldn't get it to work either.They sent me another phone and it didn't work. Apparently they were never activated at Virgin Mobile making it a stolen phone.Just a $60 paper weight on my desk now.I don't know where Amazon is getting their phones from and I'm not buying another phone from them again.

I bought this phone back in May it was my first smart phone or so I thought. What it really is a smart MP3 player. As a phone it is the worse, it takes 3 tries to dial out, most times the screen would go black after dialling the number so you don't know if the call is going through or not. When the call does go through you don't always get a ring indication it's just dead air until someone answers. The slide out keyboard is a nice feature but using it is not as easy. I decided I needed a phone that  actually worked and was reliable. I ended up getting an LG Optimus F3 and just after a couple of hours of having the phone I now can say I have a Smart Phone!

no complaints here :)

I just love this phone. I do wish there would be sound when you are typing a text message but over all a great phone and the battery last longer then my old lg optimus v and I don't have to charge it so much during the week when I am not using it.An update. Had phone for 5 months and it started giving me problems. Not sure if it was the phone itself or the battery as the battery looked like it came a little damaged. Not sellers fault could have been just a bad battery from the manfacturer. I just ended up selling my phone and upgrading to the LG optimus Elite which I love even better. So the Kyocera rise is still a great phone to have just wasn't the one for me.

The phone arrived a day early, and no problems activating the phone through the virgin mobiles website. Bought it as a replacement phone and haven't had any problems.

The first thing I noticed after purchasing this phone, was the tiny horribly placed hole on the back side of the of the screen... turns out, its the mic for phone calls. I have to have my phone slid open just to make a call because when the phone is closed, nobody can hear me.  And I also have to yell, so it comes through as more than just a muffled whisper...  I like the keyboard aspect, but this phone effin blowssssss.  Half a star... if that.  /:

the phone is okay. that's the best way i can describe it. before purchasing it i had read a lot of reviews and thought "well this is going to be my first phone, i probably won't recognize any of the issues everyone else seems to have"  but i was wrong. i mean i think if you aren't going to be using it heavily it'll be fine, but for me i had planned on using it a lot.at first it was okay but with time it's just gotten worse, and i've only had it for about a month and a half.PROS:- slide-out keyboard is nice if you aren't the best with touch screens or texting- access to googleplay- you can use the swype keyboard- it's a nice size, it fits well in your hand- seems sturdy, doesnt feel like it'll just break if you drop it- the cost is relatively low compared to other smartphonesCONS:- at first it doesn't lag much but eventually it lags a lot, sometimes taking several minutes to load web pages- received text messages started recently to be delayed, anywhere from 2 minutes to 2 hours late, likely a problem with virgin mobile and not the phone- call quality isn't so good, sounds almost like the other person is under water- i counted the number of seconds it took to start up, and it took 96 seconds. while it may not seem like that big of a deal, if you really need to call someone or send a text it's irritating- sometimes typing lags, especially if you've gone a while without turning it off completely and restarting- very little internal storage for apps or even messages, adds to the lag of the phone- the default camera has a sound it makes when you take a picture that you can't turn off, so you basically have to just get a new camera app- the quality of the speakers on the phone isn't very high- the camera quality isn't very good, with things closer up it's especially blurry- there isn't a front-facing cameraso would i recommend it? not really, even for the price i'm pretty sure you could do much better.

The phone in general is lovely.. but this is my second time buying this phone, and both times the screws and the back of the phone comes unloose and the phone comes apart and the phone freezes up every now and then if you stay on an app for too long. But other than that, LOVE IT!!!!!

I have nothing to compare this to, but I love this phone.  The price was excellent.  I keep in in charge mode when I'm home and haven't had an issue with depleted battery.

After having replaced the Kyrocera Rise phone with a Samsung Galaxy Reverb and trying another phone ( LG smartphone ) my daughter owns, and using the same network,  I find my complaints seem to be much more with a weak signal than anything else.  I have a home business office in my basement.  The location gives me often just 1 bar and sometimes just drops calls altogether.  Before condemning the phone you need to be sure the signal is adequate.  Hope this helps others that might experience the same issues.This was my initial review:  The phone has decent hours  of talk time  and you will need the extra battery power because everything you say will have to be repeated.  I bought this for business use and  if my customers are having trouble hearing me because the sound quality is poor it's difficult to sell them my services.  After having at least 6 people tell me they are having trouble hearing me,  I knew I would have to return the phone.  Amazon has been wonderful  about accepting the phone back after having it for 10 days.  However it took 6 days just to get it and have my old phone number ported over to this new phone.  The customer complaints are many people having the same exact same problem with sound quality.

It's a great phone for the price. There are some quirks to the android version that this phone has, it is the major drawback to phone. But overall a great buy.

It was tough to decide on the  number of stars because the phone was fine but Virgin Mobile wasn't.  My daughter lives in a rural area (Athol, ID) and when I bought the phone as a Christmas  gift Virgin had service there.  Sometime in February they quit providing to that area and the Virgin Customer Service guy told me he didn't know when they would be again up and running there.  Well, it's been about six weeks since that conversation and still no service.  I was forced to buy another phone with Verizon as the carrier and it works fine.  The Verizon pre-pay plan is a little more but I guess you get what you pay for.  Virgin Mobile declined to reimburse.

this phone is a great value... you get so much bang for your buck! has great camera and android 4.0 is pretty nice. pretty good phone overall... very satisfied and definitely recommend.

I love my phone so much. It works way better than most phones I've had in the past. So happy inside.

First of all, let me say that for an 80 to 100 smartphone, this is a great value.  After reading several "professional" reviews, I was a little leery of my purchase that I made.  All the pundits gave it lukewarm reviews at best.  I guess they are used to working with their complimentary evaluation I-Phones and Galaxy S3's.You will never mistake this phone for one of the ones mentioned above.  But then again, this phone will cost you 1/6 to 1/8 the price.  And for me, I don't care how cool the flagship Apple or Samsung phones are, you can't convince me they have 6 to 8 times the functionality of this phone.As others have mentioned, one of the big selling points of this phone is the Android 4.0 ICS (Ice Cream Sandwich) operating system.  It's the same one that launched on the Samsung Galaxy S3.  So you get a top of the line OS which is very snappy and has very little lag.The camera as others mentioned is not great, but it will work in a pinch.  Auto Focus would have been nice for UPC scanning, but hey.....It's a Phone.It has built in GPS with Google Maps which is far superior to what is being offered on the I-phone 5.  It has a built in 2GB Micro SD card included which can be easily expanded to 32GB.Android's ICS allows most apps available to be moved to the SD card to save on internal storage (1GB).The battery life on this phone is adequate but only just.  This phone requires nightly charging and it would be nice if you have a car charger or USB cord on your computer at work.  The Phone does recharge really quick though.  My Daughter's phone was completely discharged when she woke up (she forgot to plug it in), and we plugged it into the car charger while I drove her to school.  40 minutes on the road and the phone was up to 65% charge.  Not bad.  If you want to really extend battery light, there are several free or low cost battery savers available on Google Play (formally Android Market).  My favorite is Juice Defender, The free version is not great, but the "Plus" version is really inexpensive and has quite a bit of optimizations available, able to control when you turn on the WiFi, and data access on an app by app basis.The QWERTY keyboard is really nice and the phone has an over all quality feel.For 80 dollars, I really was expecting a pretty cheap phone but I must admit, I am pleasantly surprised.Now, if only Virgin Mobile/Sprint could get their act together and upgrade their network.  For $35/Month I get 300 minutes of talk time, Unlimited Web and Data.  For a mere 10 dollars more, I can increase the talk time to 1200 minutes.  It's a great deal....On the surface.  However a little investigation shows a bit of a problem.  Sprint is fine for call quality.  My phone has yet to drop a call and I have no complaints of voice coverage.Data Coverage is a far different story.  While Sprint and Virgin Mobile consistently tout their "3G speeds" the reality is much more depressing.  The small print in my Terms of Service states that if I go over 2.5 GB of data in a month, I get throttled to 256KPS download speeds.Right now I'd be thrilled with consistent 256kps downloads.  In Fort Lauderdale area, I rearly get above 300kps and if I'm really lucky I can get 500kps.  In my office, which does not have wireless available for personal cell phones, I routinely get double digits.  When I leave the office, it baloons to a whopping 150 to 200kps.This is nowhere near 3G even though my phone indicates 3G.  At first I thought it was just a maintenance issue in my area.  However a quick look at the web shows that Sprint lags behind Verizon AT&T; and T-Mobile in all areas.  And guess what, the average nationwide 3G speed for Sprint is 590kps.  So this is not limited to South Florida.On the upside, I guess at those speeds, I have little chance of going over my limit, and if I do, I won't notice much of a downgrade.The phone does have a built in WiFi receiver, so as long as you go from hotspot to hotspot, you'll be good.  But currently this is not the phone to watch Netflix at the beach or listen to Pandora in your car.  The network is just not up to it.I hear the Sprint is upgrading their 3G network as we speak, but with low cost no contract leases to Virgin Mobile and Boost Mobile it's unlikely the upgrades will keep up with future demand.  So slow data rates won't likely go away anytime soon.On the upside, I am able to provide unlimited (albeit slow) data and texts to my entire family with no contract for a LOT less than any other provider.The phone is GREAT while the service, Not So Much. But then I'm not paying a whole bunch either.  And since it is a no contract plan, I can always untether my phone from Virgin Mobile and pay more for higher speeds should the slow data rates really frost me in the future.I thought you all should just all be aware so you don't blame the phone, if Pandora keeps cutting out.....Your mileage may vary...

This phone is awesome! Great features and great price.  Only downfall I can find is that I can't mute the camera... a little annoying but overall this phone is great!

I just recently bought this phone it is wonderful...i came from having the virgin mobile samsung intercept i could hardly wait to get away from it. I have seen other reviews saying that this phone had a lack luster screen i have no clue what they are talking about the screen is crisp and clear and runs fast 100x better than the intercept i highly recomend this phone to those looking for an upgrade on virgin mobile and you don't have a to pay an arm and leg for a fantastic phone!

Background: I switched to the Kyocera Rise because I wanted a no-contract phone with a slide out keyboard. I'm a very patient and frugal IT Professional. I pretty much just used the phone for web browsing, email, voice, and text. No music or video streaming, minimal games. I would say less than average use. However, I had to switch to another phone after about 6 months due to the issues I ran into.Here is why I rated it the way I did.Star 1: Affordable. It's very inexpensive if this is your first smart phone. If your primary use is as a phone, with very occasional smart phone usage, it's an OK phone.Star 2: Physical aspects of the phone were good. Keyboard works really well. Sound quality was respectable. I also liked the layout of the buttons on the screen itself, especially when using the keyboard. Camera was just OK (no auto focus), but that didn't bother me enough.No Star 3: Slow response. Standard things like dialing had a longer delay than I was expecting. Occasional hanging for minutes at a time. This got more frustrating over time.No Star 4:  Buggy. Would always completely freeze when switching from mobile to WIFI if data was in use. Random restarts in the day (and that damn annoying start up sound). I would find my phone had froze and I didn't know for how long and if I missed any calls.No Start 5: Battery was inconsistent. Most days, battery would last about 12 hours (until I got home from work). However, the battery would often only last about 6-8 hours, requiring powering at work. I have a very routine schedule, so I can't really attribute it to apps or poor reception.It's not for everyone. It serves a specific demographic (first time smart phone users). Keep in mind that you do get what you pay for. If I were to go through the process again, I would put a little bit more money towards another phone. My wife got the Samsung Galaxy Victory, which is snappy, has a decent camera, and doesn't seem to have the issues the Rise does.

I have had this phone for a couple weeks.  It seems to work well, except for a quirk that happens when I am typing in a text message and suddenly the screen goes black as if the phone is going into power save mode.  I am not pausing for long periods to compose, it just goes black right in the middle of typing on the slide out keyboard.The MAIN problem is that you don't want the Virgin Mobile network if you ever plan to travel.  The coverage map is very bare.  We have found that on our next trip we will not be able to use any of the three Virgin Mobile phones we have because there is no voice and no data coverage anywhere near where we will be.  We are going to be in a ski resort in the US.  Not exactly a place where one would think you could not make a cell phone call.I have an old Net10 phone and SIM card, so I guess I will have to activate it so that I will not be completely unreachable during my vacation.  Maybe I need to switch back!

I bought this as a gift and it works great. It has the newest android version software so you can always download new apps into your phone. Virgin mobile has great service and for a cheap price. Definitely recommend if your looking for a new and cool android phone without a contract.

So i got my new phone on Christmas mourning and i was definitely the happiest kid in the world. Then about a week later i was taking the case of (another item i purchased from Amazon) and I dropped my fone. I didn't think it was a big deal because everybody drops their phone. So when i picked it up from the ground I had anything to worry about. That was a big mistake, two screws fell of the phone. Then i attempted to fix it, but it just kept getting worse and worse. By New Years the screen of my phone was wiggly. A few days later it was completely broken. The screen and the keyboard had been completely unattached. When I look back on it now i was really happy when I got my new phone, but I guess that wasn't how God planned it because later on diaster struck. If I had the option would I repurchase this phone? No, no I wouldn't I feel like my faith in Amazon is decreasing. Would I recommend this phone this to somebody else? I would if somebody wwants a bad qy=uality phone.

Picked this up for $50 and for that price I am more than happy with it. I knew the screen resolution and camera were the weak points according to reviews but I really don't feel that they are that bad. I don't take many pics or plan on watching netflix on the whopping 3.5 inch screen anyway so I am good with it. Besides better equals bucks and since I wasn't sure of the coverage in my area I didn't want to chance spending much more on a maybe. Glad to say though coverage is fine, much better than AT&T;, so unlike a contract phone I can upgrade whenever I want. Problem is I like this phone, keyboard works great, system is snappy and quick (no games), wifi connected seamlessly, and I actually like the heft of it. It is not some paper thin peice of plastic that I have to worry about cracking when I sit on or drop it. The only quirks I have come across is that wifi keeps turning itself on which uses battery more, the power button is in a bad place for texters, the owners manual is worthless, the touch screen is a bit to sensitive for my taste (getting used to it), and the google search bar needs to be someplace else as I keep activating it when i try to get my emails. Other than that I have nothing but good things to say.A couple of notes: Those that say the screen goes off or the phone turns off while using the keyboard watch your left hand placement. It is very easy to hit the power button because of its position on the lower left corner of the phone(when turned sidways) which just happens to be where most folks grab the phone.Also, for those that say phone powers on and off randomly. I found a web post where someone was experiencing a similar problem on this phone. It was caused by the battery losing contact and a small shim such as a match book cover cut to fit at the base of the battery (opposite the contact end) solved their issue.

Sure this phone may not be the top of the line &#34;gotta have it&#34; phone out there, but it is a solid android phone with slider keyboard (hard to find anymore). The operating system runs fine. Except for a few annoying Virgin Mobile's entries, the phone is  a winner.

UPDATE: revising my review cause of so many negative reviews. A key to the phone working well is utilizing the 'Battery' app that comes on the phone. If you get the phone and open the app it will bring up all the apps that are open. Close down the ones you don't need at the time, like Calendar, Maps, etc by clicking on it then hitting force shut down. Even if you just used Firefox and don't need it anymore, it will still be open, you can shut it down in the 'battery' app. This will solve a lot of problems in the phone, from RAM to battery life. And I'm convinced the phone resetting problems I've read relate to too many apps being open at once.Bought from Inna's Goods. Came very fast and brand new in the box (have read other reviews of refurbs advertised as new, but Inna's came brand new).Bought phone for a web browser, app computer, and note taker. Phone is great for these things. Haven't activated phone.The battery:: I browsed the internet over wifi for well over six hours yesterday, and still had quite a bit of battery life left. Another day watched four hours of video and still had a lot of battery left. A key is using the 'battery' app. Certain apps always reopen on start-up and I just shut them down. And hitting the 'recent apps' double box button, and swiping away the app, doesn't close the app like the top review said. You have to shut it down through the battery app.A second tip for battery life, if you're not using it as a phone for calls, hold down the power button and put it in 'Airplane' mode.The keyboard:: The keys do light up. Didn't read that anywhere. I rate the keyboard as ok. I prefer physical keyboards and this one falls in the middle of the pack. I have an older Samsung that's top notch and the buttons here are just a little unnatural. Still works  fine though.RAM:: Have had the phone for three weeks, and only one problem with the phone locking up, that was when browsing the internet, and after I'd been browsing for many hours, flipping back and forth, just giving the phone a good work out. It's a $35 phone, I wouldn't expect it to be my multi-thousand dollar Macbook.SD Card:: Gotta open the back case to insert/remove micro SD card. And the back case is flimsy, could see it breaking, but at least it's not behind the battery like on my windows phone.Camera:: have taken one photo, resolution is not good at 3.2 MP, but read review that said it couldn't focus on a QR code. So I downloaded a QR reader app, held the phone up to a McDonald's ad, and it read it right away. QR codes do work.Speaker:: very loud. Headphone volume is more than ample.USB Connection: phone comes with charger only, no USB connection, but if you have one, hook it up to your Mac, and it gives you the option to have it read as an external drive. No software to install.Overall very happy. A $35 tiny computer, are you kidding me? Pretty cool.

Overall the phone is not too bad. There are several pros and cons to getting this phone and for me the cons were enough for me to return the phone to Amazon. I really wanted to love the phone but it didn't work out for me. One of the major issues I had with the Kyocera Rise was that I got horrible reception. I don't know if the city that I'm just doesn't have enough towers or what, but I have experienced so many dropped calls with this phone. There were many occasions that my family and friends couldn't hear me at all during a call because of the poor reception. The Qwerty slide out keyboard buttons sometimes didn't respond right way and the touchscreen keyboard was too sensitive most the time.One of the other reasons why I returned this phone was because the Bluetooth didn't work well with my car. I have a 2012 Chrysler Town and Country with the uConnect System and this phone never could keep a good connection. It was so poor. I was able to receive calls through uConnect but never could make any calls through the system.  It would always tell me that I had a bad connection or it will dial a telephone number and then say that the call was complete but then disconnect immediately. I really wanted the Kyocera Rise to work properly with uConnect so I wouldn't have to worry about using a Bluetooth headset.I'm not sure if the unit that I received was merely a dud, but I didn't want to take the chance of getting a replacement and going through this all over again so I just returned it. The phone does have some positives which earned it three stars. The positive features are the following:1. Ice Cream Sandwich Firmware2. Pretty fast at switching applications3. A good amount of internal storage and plenty of space on the SD Card that's provided4. Very sturdy and small enough to fit in your pocket5. It doesn't have too much bloat ware6. Activation and setup was fairly easyI wouldn't recommend this phone for a heavy user however this is an excellent phone for those people who are new to smart phones.

I was sent the first phone and it worked amazingly well... until I took off the charger. The battery lasted for about 3 minutes before dying. I sent it back and got a replacement. Same problem! I'm giving you an official warning: DON'T BUY THIS PHONE FROM AMAZON! DON'T DO IT! Do yourself a favor and save yourself the aggravation.that was my previous review when I kept getting sent phones with faulty batteries. I finally got one from VirginMobile's website and its worked almost perfectly ever since. I'm trying to send this news around... if you have this phone and are having trouble with it turning off randomly... do yourself a favor and don't send it back! and easy fix to try is to pull the back cover off and insert a piece of cardboard like the back of a matchbook underneath the battery. Replace the cover, start up the phone and presto! no more problems! I had this problem and stumbled across and obscure forum where this guy mentioned doing this. Honestly, from experience, this easy fix works!All in all i love this phone. I've never had a smart phone before so I don't really have any need for heavy gaming on it or being on facebook youtube or vine constantly. I basically use it for e-mail, getting on facebook and pinterest occasionally throughout the day, text messaging and calling people. If the phone gets light to medium use during the day (use defined as: the screen is light and doing something with the phone)the phone does last all day without charges in-between. If you are going on vacation DEFINITELY pack a charging cable! A good idea i just thought of with this phone is to carry and extra phone battery with you... in case u are walking and using battery heavy apps like GPS.The RAM on the phone is ok... could be a little faster but it gets the job done. The phone has frozen on me half a dozen times since I've had it, back that usually occurs when apps are updating and I'm using apps that require more memory like surfing the internet, youtube, etc.The phone is also a little bit heavy, especially with a phone case that goes on it... which is an absolute must! I recommend getting the EMPIRE phone case and screen protectors for this phone... they have saved my phones ass a couple of times! I've even dropped the phone once from 4 feet off the ground and nothing happened! By the way... I don't recommend dropping ur phone from 3-4 feet or anytime... there is always the possibility, even with a phone case on that ur phone could get messed up so please don't do it on purpose!WiFi is relatively fast and download speeds can range from 500kbps to 2 or 3mbps... really depends upon the speed of the network... could be even faster. The screen brightness is good with the auto-brightness option working surprisingly well, though it sometimes has a hard time in dark situations dimming the darkness all of the way down to save battery... The phones speaker is pretty good... not the best but very respectable... and loud!The phones camera located on the back is ok at 3 megapixels. shots can get pretty grainy depending upon the lighting situation and the darker you get the grainier the image... indoor shooting without a lot of light is horrendous... u can pretty much forget about taking good pictures with this phone without good lighting. I don't really use my phones camera that much and the occasional times that I've used it the pictures turned out ok... not great but reasonableRemember, this phone is only $70! An absolutely incredible budget phone! If ur the kind of person who will mostly use the phone as a phone, text throughout the day, maybe check e-mail and surf the internet lightly, then this is just the phone for you! The slide out querty keyboard is great for texting... the big buttons are easy to push... the top row is a little too close to the phone but its not bad... all in all a great budget smart phone: couldn't be happier! Happy shopping!

This is the best phone I have ever had I love it. Its just totally great easy to use holds everything I want and or need.

I bought 2 of these for myself & my husband because they were inexpensive 3g phones. He has no problems with the phone, other than it broke apart after a month or so of use. what i mean is, the part between the front & the slider broke apart on top so its hanging together by just the bottom. He cant open it to use the slider because it might detatch all the way. I havent had a problem with mine breaking even though i have dropped it repeatedly (im a clutz). What i have a problem with is getting it to work properly. It continualy force closes any time im using it for apps, email, anything that requires the internet. Also, i have a lot of trouble using the 3g- i can use the internet on wifi but not 3g- it just doesnt respond! very frustrating if i want to use it in the car or somewhere with no wifi. Also, it drops 90% of the calls, sometimes i dont even get my phone calls- people say they call but i never recieve a missed call. sometimes i dont even recieve texts til hours after they were sent. Again, very frustrating. If you use your phone for business or just use it alot in general, i would not suggest getting this one- get something with 4g that works.

the phone like the seller said was new and i recieved it fast that i do like. the phone is slightly better then my other vm phone since it has more internal memory smaller design slightly larger screen the camera  has flash and its running android 4.0. the downside though and im geussing thats because of the maker kyocera. is that this phone unlock my old one freezes up when running apps closes me out of the browser at random with is crashes and sometimes when using the keypad and trying to input a numbwe by using the fn to change to numeral setting and back. it wont change over.like in the top part when i referred to the android it was running i had to go to the screen keyboard. it happens at random but i feel performace wise my older phone was better. this one just happened to have a few features and slimmer design but performance horribly. glad i bought it cheap here and not the other places like the vm site that was asking more.i plan to upgrade again soon and ive only had it a little over a month.g

We bought this for our daughter. Definitely impressed by the phone for the price especially for a child.  However after just a month's use, the slide out keyboard was hanging. It seems the haptic feedback & vibrations loosened the screws. Luckily virgin mobile is awesome, and has a 1 year warranty on all their phones.

completely in love with this phone!! user interface is fast and it is a very reliable phone. the extra stuff like screenshot, Google plus, and play store are just an added bonus!! definitely recommend to anyone

The price was right and I'd lost my phone.  This phone does all I need it to do well.  It seems sturdy and is easy to use

Bought this gift for my mom for Christmas and, even without activation, my mom's able to start importing her contacts easily. She's one of the more technologically backward people in my life, yet she can grasp how to navigate through apps and perform her most important tasks. This was a critical point in my purchase, so I'm happy that it's easy enough to use and sturdy enough for my clumsy mother. Slide-out keyboard was also nicely weighted; good feel to the buttons, little issue for her learning to type on such a small device (she previously owned a flip phone and was just using T9).

So far this phone is doing a great job.  I upgraded from an a LG Optimis V. The browser works much better in this phone.

i got this for my daughter for christmas and it was at a good price. Im not sure about the virgin mobile service it self cause i download two apps and she can text and call when she have wifi for free. But she loves the phone.

Be aware.  This phone is a waste of money.  If you call the customer service phone number Virgin Mobile's website, you will be routed to Sprint customer service.  They couldn't find my account information.  I think this means that Virgin Mobile is bound to disappear...

Fortunately, this phone comes with the Swype touch keyboard installed, because the touchscreen is often ridiculously unresponsive and the keyboard requires very precise finger-position and finger-pressure to use. The combination makes typing anything letter-by-letter a horrible, headache-inducing hassle.The 2.5 GB per month data is almost adequate, but with the same service package, Virgin would give unlimited data if this were a 4G phone. The 3G data rate is nothing to turn cartwheels over, even after a call to Virgin's customer support because the phone was all but completely unusable for the first month I had it. That call did get the phone to &#34;useable,&#34; but I still end up using my Virgin 4G hotspot almost exclusively. 3G is strictly for because-I-have-to situations.

phone worked great for about a year. i guess thats about how they all do. its a great phone for the  money

Well when i bought the phone in its descrption it stated that the phone had a front facing camera... once i receicved the phone it did not. My whole purpose of purchasing the phone was to have the front facing camera. So i called Amazon and let them know that their product descrption was incorrect. The woman i spoke with was was  very understanding, she offered me $10.00 back. Which was ok I guess. The Kyocera Rise shuts on and off out of the blue. No other problems really. I would recommend for anyone wanting to save money , or student.

O.k., I feel the need to write a review for this phone, because of something that's not known to many; and only I found out through Googling, did I find the solution to the problem.  But, 1st let me give you all the ''Pros''... then, the ''Con''..So, I got this phone because my other phone I had had for over 2 years started to not work properly. I was going out of state  and needed something cheap and shipped fast (ordered through virginmobileusa.com). I get it in the mail 2 days later. Get it all set up and all good to go. It's a ''just the right size'' texter style phone. There is a screen pad, but I rarely use that unless using it for checking my VM. I really love the keyboard slide-out feature. It makes texting go by pretty fast and smooth. It keeps decent battery life. The memory storage even though not real big, does hold all what I need it for (mainly games, some music). The touch screen is pretty nice. Now, I have to say that this phone is a little on the heavy side. But, I love that. I can always feel it there in my back pocket (knowing it's there). It's made pretty solidly well, I think. And, I am very, VERY happy with this phone!! Oh, and the camera on it takes real nice pictures, too. And, I love how I can get on FB at anytime. I feel like I'm carrying around a mini-computer; I have soo much fun with my Rise!!However........... here's the one and only ''Con'' that I have (or, 'had'; as it's no longer an issue for me).. The battery/ phone shutting off and not powering back up.****Now, when I first got this phone.. 4 days straight everything seemed to work just fine. No issues whatsoever. So, then when I had to go out of town (which was the whole purpose of me even getting this phone) starting with the being at the airport, until end of day, my phone shut off 5 times. No matter what I tried, it would not come back on. Only fix was to plug it to the charger. Then it would kick on and be fine. Until it went in sleep mode... to happen all over again. Then for 2 days after that was still doing it. So, I was having to carry around my charger with me just to be able to use my phone. Frustrating!! So that's when I decided to turn to Google. And, found the answer to the problem...........................loose battery connection. And, the way to fix that?? Take a matchbook cover. cut/tear it in half and then fold it over a time or 2 and place it in-between the battery end (NON-connector side) and the wall of the battery placement. It will stick out some, but when you put the cover back over the back, unnoticeable. No problems since. On, off.. on, off.. on, off........ like a charm!!Saves from having to send it back, take it back, get another (same) phone to still probably have that same problem..or, even a different phone. Obviously, at least half the people that get /have this phone have this problem.. if not right away.. eventually. Virgin Mobile really needs to look into this, as so many of this style phone gets returned for an easy-fixed problem that either, or, do not know about. And, that's sad; cause it's such a nice, lovely phone. All because of the battery, which fits (unnoticeably) loose in it's compartment.

I love this phone and the sliding keyboard is a huge reason why I bought it. My only issue is that the phone gets loose from the keyboard and i have to take the back off and tighten the screws. Other than that, I hope it lasts forever.

The phone had a full charge and would randomly power off and I had to plug it in the wall to begin working again. I missed a lot of calls that were important. I finally went and got a new phone at the store!

This phone gives me very confident functionality.  Each action can be completed with confidence and feel so good.I chose this sliding key-board style for stress-less typing and it shows! It can be tamed as you want with no confusion. Sufficient enough for this price; good value!

This is a good reliable smartphone. This is actually the second one I've gotten. My first one got dropped in water so I had to get a replacement and decided this was the best smartphone for the price. It downloads apps with no problem. Easy email retrieval. Browser has multiple tabs. By far the best phone I've owned. I did have to lock the screen so that I would quit accidentaly dialing people but you have that with almost any phone.

It works, not very fast, but also not expensive either.  This was for my daughter who only wanted this for the slide out keyboard.

...and IMHO Virgin Mobile has really great plans, no muss no fuss and no credit check. Just pay 'em and get your new phone number (or have your old one ported). Since this is my first cellphone I am just embarking on the learning curve and will have much more to report, but wanted to let anyone who wonders know that the hardshell case that I bought, Hard Cover Case For Kyocera Rise C5155 Red by HR, fits like a glove, snaps right into place. I did do a review of it. And since I still wanted a little fabric case, I went searching at Walmart, Kmart, Staples and Radio Shack, and found a nice little five-buck one at Walmart, label '"ONN" carrying case' in the camera case section. Nothing at the other stores, though, but I'm in a rural area where our versions of those retailers are sort of shrunken. Thought I'd save ya some steps there.I will say right off the bat that this phone is physically a quality product with good screen size and a slide-out keyboard. It certainly is larger than some, which is what I wanted. It feels great in the hand and the keyboard slides smoothly like a well-oiled machine.Already I have noted some confusion due to the printed material supplied with the unit. First, a 2G microSD card is listed separately as being included but is not separately packaged. When I (carefully!) pried off the back cover in order to install the battery, I saw that the microSD card is already installed inside. Nowhere is this fact noted except by implication as a diagram shows its internal location. Even upon visual inspection of the inside, its presence was not super obvious. So of course I initially thought the item was missing. Second, the instructions did not give clear directions on how to install the battery. Now although this is my first cellphone, I am an amateur radio operator, so I quickly discerned proper installation in spite of limitations of my aging eyes - I recognized the contact points. But this is not necessarily obvious to a novice. Third, the battery is wrapped in paper with a tab that says "Pull". This suggests one should pull. The directions do not state whether to remove the paper covering. Many people would immediately do so. I thought about it briefly and left the paper intact although similar batteries I've dealt with in the past had no paper covering. I still don't know which was intended. Fourth, it is not easily seen how to insert the USB cord into the unit. Again, one needs perfect eyesight as the connection is small. I have it figured out now - there is an indicator symbol for "up" but it is small and black on black. It's in a slightly indented space so I marked that with Wite-Out.I could go on all day but won't. Simply said, the manual gives very little practical information. On to operation, functionality and usability. First, here's a joke on me: the unit showed very little signal and I think that's why I'm not getting satisfactory response. Then I realized that my computer workspace is below ground with a laid-up stone wall. Ha ha. Take it a little higher in the house, dummy! Too bad that's not where I want to work, cold up there. Will report further.

This is probably the cheapest Android 4.0 device out there today, well, at least that Google approves of anyways.Because of that, it is an attractive low-cost alternative to iPod touch. You can use this device as a Wi-Fi device, there's no requirement to ever activate it with Virgin Mobile.That said, Virgin Mobile's plans are cheap, and if there is no Sprint WiMAX/LTE coverage, it's using the fastest network in your area (Sprint/Virgin/Boost-wise anyways).It's a great device, but keep in mind, you get what you pay for. Sure, you can jam all day long with Google Play Music, just don't expect any amazing photos from the cheap camera. The screen is probably the cheapest on any Android 4.0 device. Also, with something like a Snapdragon S3 (possibly a bit older), you'll be enjoying great games like Sonic CD... just don't expect it to play iPhone 5-caliber games.Keyboard is great though, if you hate touch screens, but have fingers small enough, it's a capable typing board.The phone is a platform twin with Kyocera's non-keyboard, waterproof Hydro on Boost/Sprint. Just be warned, this device, unlike its counterpart, is not waterproof.

I bought this phone for my 12 year old daughter and she loves it. It has a large display and a slide out keyboard. Virgin Mobile service is great for kids and the price is unbeatable. The one downside is this phone is thicker than most comparable smart phones but at $80, I'm not going to complain about it.

i like my new virgin mobile cell phone. it has a nice keyboard which makes it easier to text and the battery for the most part seems to last a while. i think i made a decision in purchasing this cell phone. thank you for shipping it in a timely manner.

I owned the Kyocera Rise for around 6 months now and been disappointed with it.The Kyocera Rise comes with a 1500mHh battery when charged will hardly last 8 hours in standby. If you are a average/power user which uses Youtube, social apps through out the day. The chances are you will have to recharge the battery 2-3 times per day like me.The usable internal storage on the Kyocera Rise is just under 1 GB worth for install apps. But the Kyocera Rise does have a micro SD slot which supports upto 32 GB micro SD cards. Some apps can be moved from the internal storage to the micro SD card so the low internal storage is not a big problem.The Kyocera Rise comes with a 3.2 MP camera with LED flash and can record video upto 480p. The camera on the Kyocera Rise can't focus which your photo's and video will turn out on the poor side. But being able to take photo's and video's might not be a deal breaker for some people.My Kyocera Rise will reboot it self without reason 1-2 times per week. Besides the default apps that comes with the phone I only have handful of apps installed which are very common apps. Some apps I did try on the Kyocera Rise took around 1-3 mins for them to load on the phone. In my honest opinion I find this due to the 1 GHz single core processor and limited RAM the phone has.The Kyocera Rise has 3G for mobile data and lacks 4G LTE which some of the newer phones offers for little extra money.MY Final Verdict:Due to poor battery life and phone spec's. There is some better options available if you spend a little extra money. If you are willing to spend extra $40 dollars you can get a phone with 4G LTE and dual core processor like the LG Optimus F3 which has nice battery life as well. Plus some extra nice stuff but you can research the LG Optimus F3 on your own for more info.As of posting this review I'm now using the LG Optimus F3 and will post a review on it after couple months of owning it. Chances are I will end up sending in the Kyocera Rise for recycling cause I really hate it.

This is my first smartphone and i must say its awesome! And the fact that i can txt by just sliding my finger is crazy!

Well, I've had it for 9 months, and in these 9 months it FROZE and had to be restarted at least every other day, sometimes several times in 1 day (losing everything I was doing). And always at the most inconvenient time.In between freezes, it did do what it's supposed to do...Last night, I forgot it in the cold car for about 3 hours, by 30F, and now after warming back up it's DEAD. Won't restart AT ALL, even after removing the battery! A little COLD can FRY this phone?????? ... I guess it's just another way it FREEZES.So, today I'm off to buy a new phone at my local Radioshack because I need something right away, and you can be sure I won't get the Kyocera Rise.

I wanted this phone for a long time, I ended getting from Target because they had it on sale for $49.99.  I have never had a touch screen anything before because I simply cannot use it (not even Ipod) but this phone is the best.  Has a lot of features, the keyboard is very convenient and using apps is a breeze. I have this phone since January, and so far, no complaints, only compliments. Virgin has excellent service and their prices are unbelievable! $35 for unlimited text and data, cannot beat that. I was paying $55 with Sprint and didn't have data and only 300 messages..... :(Amazon has tons of cute cases for this phone, so you can match your moods or outfits. If you are looking for a smart phone and not pay an arm and a leg, this the one for you.Battery life is very good, but I also got Juice Defender and it really helps keep my battery up.

Bought this for my son, he loves the slide out keyboard, and with the 4.0 OS he can play whatever games he wants.Plenty of internal memory, and the expanded memory with a card is great.

I bought this phone and it already stopped working properly. This phone just turns dark when in use. It stopped sending out text messages because it just kept turning dark and it was impossible to write messages and I found out it hadn't been sending out the messages I had previously tried to send.

This is my first experience with a smartphone and I have to say I am enjoying it. I love Virgin Mobile's plans because they are so affordable. I don't do a lot of talking on my cell so this plan with 300 minutes and unlimited data and texting was perfect for me. I think this is the best prepaid phone to get pricewise. This may not be the most fanciest or powerful of smartphones but it does fit my needs perfectly!

you cant go wrong with this phone for 60 dollars this is very good if you are thinking in buying this go ahead you wont be sorry......

I purchased this phone towards the end of February in 2013 and it stopped working in the first week of April in 2013. Previously I had a LG Optimus V that worked non-stop for over two years. The LG still charged and powered up. This Kyocera piece of junk stopped working after 2 months of infrequent usage. Consider yourself warned!

I have a business iPhone, and found out company &#34;big brother&#34; software was running in the background. While I have nothing to hide, I decided that to protect my family and friends, I'd get a second line. I shopped around for &#34;contract&#34; plans, and couldn't believe how expensive they've become! No way! So, I researched &#34;pre-paid&#34; lines and found Virgin Mobile. Found the plans to be reasonable, so I checked out what they had for phones. I didn't want to spend a lot of money on a second phone, but I also didn't want to sacrifice some functionality that I have with the iPhone. In comes the Kyocera Rise.I really, really like this phone! It has what I need (except, of course, the camera could be better) and more that I can't get with an iPhone. The camera isn't the best, but it still takes pretty good pictures (plus: flash!) The stock ringtones are plentiful and loud, the keyboard is a bonus for those that fat-finger texts frequently, and although you can't customize the color, the LCD notification light works bright and just right. Once in a while the system &#34;stutters&#34; - lags a little bit, but the OCD organizer that I am, I moved some things to the SD card (App Manager III from Google Play store) and that helped tremendously.Overall, I'd recommend this to someone that might be in my same situation, to parents looking for a decent alternative to contract plans for their kids, or for anyone that just needs a phone to be a phone but needs a keyboard for texting.

It`s a well built phone but locks up continually and i miss half the phone calls incoming and need to call them back.  .Your always having to turn wifi off so you can stream internet . the screen rotate always goes to far and doesnt settle down quickly. I have had unit only a few months and already  looking for another model.  i expected sending text would be a smoother operation but  i have large fingers and both manual and virtual keyboards are meant for tiny fingers. Its a Great phone for the money.

Hi, I'm the Kyocera Rise! I'm a phone with a mind of my own. You'll have a wild ride with me - here we go!You should know I look great and setting me up is a breeze. I'll treat you right for the first days or weeks. Once I begin to get to know you, I'll feel comfortable freezing on you. Don't worry - all you need to do is hold my power button to shut me down or pull my battery out. It's fun, you'll enjoy doing that every couple of days.Need more space? Insert an sd card and I can hold tons of music and apps. If I care to respond, you may even be able to use those apps. Leave me alone for a while, try again later. Unstable? Unreliable? I prefer capricious, spontaneous. I'm fun!Oh, you did follow my advice and leave me alone for 20 minutes. I'm CRAZY hot. What have I been doing? Updating something? You'll never know. But whatever I was doing, I'm now down to 22%. I need to be charged quite a lot. (I wish I could be more like your TV or refrigerator, they get to be plugged in all the time!) You might also want to keep me charging when making phone calls. I like rebooting at random times and waking very loudly, mainly because you're not paying enough attention to me in meetings and in quiet theaters. :(I also love watching your anxiety attack if you have another incoming call. I might let you get it - or I might keep blinking to a black screen and watch you fumble. OMG! How silly you look! Hahahaha, I told you I'm fun! Well gotta go, I need charging again. Good luck!

I got this phone after reading the mostly positve reviews. After two weeks, I have no major complaints except for the poor network reception. Sprint (Virgin) is a poor substitute for Verizon, my previous carrier, atleast in the SF Bay Area. I really like the qwerty keyboard and bought a cheap spare battery from Amazon. A replaceable battery is hard to find in phones anymore. One definate 'con' is the camera. The pictures are poor, even at the best settings with good light. The flash is weak compared to other phones making indoor pictures very difficult. The video is limited to 800x460.  If you want a phone with a descent camera this is not for you. If you buy a phone for talk, data or text, this is a bargain.

Finally decided to upgrade from my Kyocera flip phone.  Chose this Kyrocera Rise Android. Was kind of scary at first, kept accidently calling my son!  :)  But now I have the hang of it.  Got it mostly for my games.  I find texting a bit challenging for this ole gal, but its getting better.  I'm not used to the heavier weight of the phone.  Love my apps, the ringtones, EVERYTHING.!  Price was right as well.  I just wish that the usb cord was a bit LONGER, that's all.

It's my first Smartphone, and I've nothing to compare it to, so I'm happy so far. It gets the job done.

The previous phone I had was acting crazy so I decided to get a new phone and so I really liked the Kyocera Rise and thought i would get it cheaper here on amazon and i did!!! It came in its original box. I loved it!!! this is my first smart phone and as of right know I am really loving it!! I recommend this phone and this seller!!

Have had this phone for almost a month.  Nothing but problems; freezes up and have to take battery out to re-boot (happens every few days).  Cannot keep Wi-Fi turned off  (it will enable itself after 30 minutes).  To sum it up; This phone is awful.

When it works out works great.but the or four times especially when on line of extended p periods it will just shut off! & reboots.not cool

I wanted a smart phone with a physical QWERTY keyboard and the Rise seemed to fit the bill. After almost a year of use I have to say STAY FAR AWAY from this phone. The Sprint coverage is awful (at least in my coverage area). The phone CONSTANTLY freezes, re-boots on it's own (I can hear it re-booting in my pocket several times a day!) and is incredibly glitchy! I have done a hard reset several times and it works fine for a couple days then back to the same old problems. The phone is still under warranty and I will be contacting VM to see what they can do but, considering some of the reviews I've read regarding VM's customer service, I'm not getting my hopes up!

This was a gift for my husband last year. It has broken twice, the two parts coming completely apart. My mother in law had this same phone for about 2 months before it too broke and she changed to another Virgin mobile phone.

Battery overheats and shuts down. Don't plan on using this phone for extended periods of time.Also, very hard to do a search using Google Browser - it just exits out.It struggles to update apps.I've had this phone for 4 months.

i hate this phone. it was my first smartphone and ive had it for a year as of today. the back is already unattatching from the phone, the phone lags constantly. all in all dont buy

Worked great at first. Slider came off after 9 months though and it was totally useless at that point. Cheaply made.

I have had this phone for about a week now and it blew my expectations way out of the water, the phone is more powerful than your lower end tablets ($60-$100 range) it plays relatively high demanding games at a decent fps (around 20 or so) with a consistent performance. It also has about 2GB of memory on board, as well as a 2GB micro sd-card already in the phone. Compared to all of the other android devices I've used this one is the best deal, since I am a gamer I love to play games on the go and I really can say that from a gaming standpoint it is flawless. The games it runs really well are Dead Trigger, Clash of Clans, Vector, Temple Run, Fruit Ninja, PunchQuest, and it also kicks but for a fun to play emulator on the go with the slide out keyboard. For the $37 price point it has it is an absolute steal I can definitely see myself paying upwards to $100 dollars for this device, I simply can't recommend it enough!

This phone was a steal for me, it is one of the best phones I've bought and I only paid like $16 for it.

This phone is a beast. No, it's not high-powered, it's just durable (although it does beat the heck out of the Samsung Intercept. **** that phone.) I mean, I've had this phone for about 8 months, and in that time it has been dropped, kicked, and used as toddler-fodder ad nauseam. The other day, I knock it into the sink. Completely submerged. I was like, &#34;Oh, well, time for a new phone,&#34; until I stared at it for a few more seconds - IN THE WATER - and realized the Netflix app was still playing the Dexter episode I'd been watching as I did dishes. Pulled it out, dried it out, kept going.Who's ever heard of a smartphone soaking up dishwater for the better part of ten seconds and then proceeding to Not Give A ****?The only way to explain it is that I think the Rise is the sister model to the Kyocera Hydro, and water-resistance runs in the family? I don't know. All I know is that this phone will probably outlive me, and it's got enough guts to run my N64 emulator so I can play Ocarina of Time on the bus. Put those together with a $36.50 price point (at the time of this review) and you're fool if this baby isn't on your entry-level smartphone A-list.

Clear, crisp screen.User friendly.The slide-out keyboard makes it so easy to type and not get random auto-corrects. I love that there is still the option for it to guess what you want to say and use the screen as a keyboard, too.

It's a bit bulky, but it suits my needs.  It's easier for me to text with the slider than typing on a screen, but you do have an option to do that if you want.  Set-up for pre-paid was simple - either you use the &#34;Top-Up&#34; or pay with your credit-card.  It isn't as fast as a 4-LTE phones, but you can watch pretty much anything via net.

This phone worked great, until I started installing apps. After that it crashed all the time and after having dropped it once the keyboard is now in danger of breaking off. I would not recommend this phone to anyone. I thought it would be a cheap compromise. It does the cheap part very well. Every app crashes (especially e-mail). I have had instances where I have had to send an e-mail 3+ times before it went through. If anyone has any advice I would be appreciative but from what I've seen this phone is garbage. DO NOT BUY!!

I have always been a Blackberry user until about two years ago, when I ditched my Blackberry Bold on Verizon due to the enormous bill I received every month and the lackluster coverage I would get after moving to Colorado. In order to avoid a giant mobile phone bill every month, I was using an el cheapo Gophone from ATT. Last year I bought my wife an iPhone 4S on Virgin Mobile after I realized how cheap their monthly service plans were for smartphones. After drooling over her iPhone for several months I decided to buy the Kyocera Rise for myself and make the jump to an Android phone.I can definitely say that this phone is a steal at the price point it is at. As long as you are not trying to play some intensive games, it was always fairly responsive and left a great impression of Android on me. I have used it on 3G as well as with my homes wireless router. I did however notice some lag when switching between apps and some apps take a little bit of time to start, like Pandora. Wifi works great on it, as long as you are moderately close. I could not get a wifi signal at about 200 feet from the router when some of my friends with Galaxy SII's and iPhones could, but hey this is a sub $100 phone. The battery life does leave you a little bit wanting at about 4 hours of heavy to moderate use, and just about a work days worth of juice if you don't use it much. The GPS is fairly accurate as I would use it on morning runs because of it's smaller size.All in all I would highly recommend this phone as somebody's first smartphone, especially for children. My 12 year old daughter loves it, especially with the slide out keyboard.

This is my first smart phone. And it's also a poor phone.Basics. The SD card memory. I have 2.47 gigs of memory left, and yet, I tend to get a notice saying I'm out of room.Half the time I have to edit a text message after I hit send, just so I can send it again or it won't go through. Every app will often give me a &#34;waiting to respond&#34; notice, it's often quicker for me to pull out the battery than it is to wait for the app to load, except for when it just crashes. That's all apps too, making a phone call counts under that, it can take several minutes to make or accept a phone call because so many of the apps and programs keep crashing.

This phone was a blind purchase by me just because my old samsung finally died. I have had various phones through other carriers including a blackberry and I've gotta say this phone is pretty awesome. It's very responsive and easy to operate. If you're not quite ready for a full touch phone this is a great option because you still have the chance to use either the keyboard or the screen to text. It does die quickly if you don't close out of apps (like any other phone) but other than that it's worth the price!

Well, the first phone they sent me was a bust.  Quite literally, it is now coming apart (busted), and I've only had it for about a week and a half.Of course, Amazon product replacement is amazing, so the new one will be here today, hopefully without the manufacturing defects of my current phone.If it weren't for this problem, I would have given the phone 4 stars.  If the problems persist, I will adjust my rating accordingly.So far, great things about the phone:-Android 4.0. I came from an Optimus Slider, and while the OS was fine on that one (2.0), it's nothing compared to 4.0.  HUGE improvement for me.-Nice keyboard.  I like the size of the keyboard, the keys are spaced well, and it feels great to type on.  A little nicer than my Optimus Slider-Relatively fast processor.  It's certainly not the creme de la creme (far from it), but in comparison to my Optimus Slider, this thing pretty much flies.  It slows down occasionally, but overall is just a much more fluid experience.-Decent battery life.  Without using any battery saving apps, I get a full day out of the phone.  My Optimus Slider had trouble lasting half the day (I'm not joking).  It's not Iphone battery life, but for my purposes (medium duty use; lots of email and texting, very little web) it gets the job done.-Price.  I paid $60.  Enough said.Things not to get excited over:-Build quality.  Obviously the first unit I received could have been a fluke, and I will update if that's the case.  But again, I paid $60.  I'm not expecting Iphone build quality.  However, it also shouldn't fall apart in the first week and a half.-Screen.  I'm not one of those people that need the best smartphone experience.  That should be obvious by my purchase of this phone.  So when I say the screen isn't great, it's still just fine for me and my purposes.  But it is lower DPI than even my Optimus Slider, and the screen on that phone wasn't great either.  Photos don't look great.  Everything else is fine; reading books on it is fine.  AND, the screen is quite responsive for a cheap phone.I will definitely update this review with my further thoughts as time goes on.  As for now, I'd recommend the phone for the budget-minded consumer (and if you're with Virgin, I'm pretty sure you're budget-minded), with the caution that you get what you pay for and may have to go through a couple copies of the phone.  We'll see how my second one holds up!***UPDATE Feb. 2, 2013***I have now been using my second copy of the phone for a while.  Thankfully, it has had none of the build problem of the first phone which, after closer inspection before sending back, simply had some screws loose (don't we all).  The new phone has been quite good, though not without its caveats.  One is that the 'Mobile ID' app is ridiculous.  This is perhaps not a fault of the phone itself, but whoever decided this app was a good idea should be... well... I'll leave that to speculation.  The app downloads without asking you, you can't stop it, you can't uninstall it, and once it FINALLY downloads (after multiple failed attempts), it changes everything on your phone that you have spent a lot of time and energy getting right.  It's very frustrating.  Sure, after a while of fidgeting, I figured out you can go back to your original profile, but why would I want an app to change all my settings and home screens and apps AFTER I have the phone completely set up??  Why in the WORLD would I want that?  It's ridiculous, super annoying, and simply should not exist.Other issues are minor bugs that seem to pop up now and then, possibly related to installed apps, but they are bugs I've never experienced before in a phone, such as random music that starts to play with the screen is off (music that I don't have in my library, to be clear).  It's very odd.That all said, I'm UPPING my rating from 3 stars to 4.  Why?  Simply because I got the phone for $59.  That's the reason, plain and simple.  The build quality on the first phone sucked to be sure, but the second one is holding up quite well, and for the most part, works quickly and accurately with no freezes and decent battery life.  Who cares if it dies in a year?  I could buy one of these per year and it would take me more than 8 years to spend the money I would have had I bought an IPhone.  And how long would that IPhone have lasted?  2 years at best?  In a world that is increasingly becoming a throw-away society, this is the ultimate throw-away item.  Extremely cheap, and works well enough to get the job done.4 stars(Update April 25, 2013)Okay, so I'm now done with this phone.  I just ordered a Samsung Galaxy Victory.  I hate, hate, hate losing the physical keyboard, but this thing is becoming unusable.  First thing is, almost 2 months ago (right about after my last update), the phone offered a firmware update.  Awesome!  Well it took 4-5 tries to download the update, and after it finally worked, I started receiving TWO texts for every one that was sent to me: the text and then a copy of that text.  That's been going on for over a month.  Drives me batty because I use this phone for work too, and the sheer number of texts I receive now is astronomical.  Ridiculous.  But that's not the worst.  Over time, and especially in the last week (the reason I broke down and ordered a different phone), it has started to act... oddly.  The touch screen will stop responding at weird times, forcing me to restart.  The 3g will work... sometimes.  Then it won't work, then it will, then... what the hell is it doing???  Switching from wifi to 3g is like going through some nightmare of data unavailability that can take up to 15 minutes to work itself out (unless I, you guessed it, restart the phone).  I LOVE the keyboard.  LOVE IT.  This is the only reason I hate getting rid of this phone.  It makes me sad more phones aren't made with physical keyboards.  They are essential for the working person who uses their phone for emails and the like.  *sigh* I will simply have to get used to it.  Somehow.  Bye bye Kyocera.  Minus 2 stars, final score: 2 stars.

Very good basic phone. This is my second phone, my first being the LG Optimus V. I like the slide-out keyboard and that it runs Android 4.0.  It does everything that I need and it didn't cost an arm and a leg!

I have had the phone for four months, I'm satisfied.I like its size, not too small, so I can feel it in my pocket and know it is there.Love the keyboard!Sometimes the reception isn't great. But it has worked good enough.You have to recharge the battery daily, that is common from what I understand.I wanted something to call and text with, and not pay a lot with 'big name' providers. It's 1/2 the price.Web connection is pretty good.

First, the phone was delivered on the date expected. Very good handling on the seller's part.We went through the motion of charging etc. For the first two or three days the phone was not activated as the coordination in porting our existing cell phone number had to be set up.Then when we tried to activate with Virgin Mobil, the phone has frozen in the EMERGENCY CALL ONLY mode and just would not activate properly.We are in the process of replacing the item thru Amazon and the great replacement offer because we did like the feel of the phone and the 2-3 days we were using wi fi for apps etc.So we are keeping our fingers crossed. We have used Virgin Mobil in the past and really enjoy the UNLIMITED plans.

My second Rize phone (replacement) was okay but there was a definite learning curve for someone new to smartphones. The handbook isn't sufficient. You will need to go online to read the actual manual for most questions apart from "idiot" level info like what is a screen, where is the battery, this is the camera...etc.Tended to run hot when used continually an hour or two, as with a game, or continuous use of the navigator app. The plastic customizing case made it worse. It is seemingly fragile where it slides - I suppose those are hinges of a sort, I don't know the exact name. Anyhow, be careful taking off an added case, or removing the battery cover, so you don't damage the phone with too much pressure on the weak spots! Ladies, expect to break a nail removing either sort of case, if you hold the phone so as not to break IT instead.Phone has annoying habit of switching wi-fi to "on" by itself. Makes you wonder if Google or someone needs it to spy on you! It saves battery life to only use wifi when needed.The Virgin navigation app worked very well - I feel better having it, as a supplement to AAA maps and human given directions. I'd never ever want to depend on GPS entirely, as it doesn't know local conditions (construction, one way, detour)and its idea of "direct" may not be yours. You can spend too much time plotting courses with the trip planner option, and still not know what the GPS is steering you into, like terrain, how much toll roads are, traffic volume, etc. Still, handy if you miss a turn off or end up in a neighborhood where kids like to steal road signs!Phone IS heavy, more so then my billfold. (wish it were the reverse! lol) I definitely notice if it's in my coat pocket or purse. The contours are not hand-friendly. Ergonomically, it's just fair. Holding it to text hurts my hands after a short while - 15 minutes, say. Because the weight is more to the part of the phone above the keyboard, and puts a constant pull on your finger grip. As others have noted, the top row of keys is too close to the edge of the slid-away phone piece, making it awkward. Especially if you like to let your nails grow or- heaven forbid - get long acrylics. In that case use Swype instead.But then, if you don't need a keyboard - and like Swype - you don't need a slider phone, and can pick a lighter one.Most apps worked fine. Games were often too tiny to be playable, though Baby Dragons and Bubbleworld work ok. Action games definitely do not. Maybe for adolescent males with lots of Pepsi and testosterone, and young eyes...After less than a month of use, the replacement phone started having trouble freezing up in the middle of an app it previously ran okay, like AAA Trip Advisor, or the game Baby Dragons. Sometimes it locked the screen as I turned it (tilt sensor) and the screen was cockeyed and unresponsive, so I had to power it off if waiting didn't let it do what it needed to do. I am wondering if these were refurbs sold as new ... my first Rize had little scratches on the screen, and shut itself off sometimes. (but was mailed in unprotected yellow envelope)This one was boxed properly for shipping.Pictures were excellent. Exchanging pics with Bluetooth was not. Never did convince it to cooperate with my LG800 tracphone, or my other Rize. It would send but then - nothing. Or, data was too large and it just wouldn't send. Maybe a more savvy user could have made it work.Overall a good, affordable, smartphone with a few bugs - I think the Ice Cream Sandwich o/s may have some limits that just were not disclosed. Price mark is good (tho I'd call $25 more fair, as it used to be priced)$35 on unlimited text/data/300min, and can use Skype for extra minutes.

This phone is stylish and very good I bought it for my little sister and she loved it. I would recommend it to anyone

The phone had great features, but I had no coverage here, so could not use it. Returned it for a swap for the camera that  I'm using now. Wish I could have kept it.

I have to say that I love and Hate this phone.  on one hand this phone has a very easy to use menu and I was able to fully set it up in seconds.  However, my battery life in lower power or eco mode lasted all of 6-8 hours.  6 hours in poor to medium cell coverage and toward 8 hours in strong cell coverage.  I'm willing to accept that maybe I have gotten a faulty battery or such.  I suspect that this is the case cause every review I read stated a full day on standby for power users but normally 2 days on standby which the phone I received falls horribly short of.  I will be calling Monday to try to sort out if the phone is less then advertised or it was just my turn to receive the 1 in a hundred thousand faulty battery/phone.  As it stands I can only give the phone 2 stars cause no matter how good the system is without power it seems to be an expensive paper weight.

I do love this phone !  It is very user friendly and solidly built...not one complaint from me.This is my first &#34;smart phone&#34;  so I can not compare it to the higher end devices.I will be buying another for my wife..so yes, I definitely recommend this device !!

I have discovered I am too stubborn for my own good. The purchase of this phone is no exception. The salesperson warned me not to get it but I just had to have the slide out keyboard. Since I walked out of the store,got home, and charged it fully I have wished I had listened to the salesperson. It randomly freezes for no reason. I don't even have to touch the mike icon to get it to pop up and demand I speak again when I didn't speak the first time. I can look down at my phone and find it doing random stuff even when its locked against accidental key presses. I've had pauses in my music to find that my phone is calling someone even though I never touched the phone icon. There are some good points like being able to do research from the comfort of my bed,synched email accounts so I don't have to sign in to each individually,lots of free apps in the app store,  lots of space for all my apps. The cons outweigh the pros. The fact I spent a lot of money on this phone is the only thing that keeps it from getting thrown across the room.

THIS PHONE SUCKS! Straight from the box it did not work right. Waste of money, time and energy. If you slide the phone open to use the keyboard the phone shuts off. The only way it will turn on after the initial shut down from opening the keyboard is to have it plugged in. Not a battery problem. Phone is crap!!! Get a different phone anyone but this one.

I got this phone last year on black Friday, so not even a year ago. It was never great, right from the beginning it was never able to stay charged very long and it would sometimes die before I got home from a long day. After a while, it started having problems keeping apps open for a while. It would just close apps whenever it felt like it or not even open them. Another problem with apps was the limited capacity, forcing me to delete a few apps evey time whatsapp needed an update. Then, about a month ago, it just stopped working. All it does now when I turn it on is the &#34;kyocera rise&#34; and &#34;virgin mobile&#34; start up animations, over and over until I take the battery out.It was a decent phone for as long as it worked, but it didn't work for very long. I'm not complaining though, for $30 (plus the actual phone bill of course) I had a smartphone for a little over 10 months. Just prepare to get a new one relatively soon after buying a kyocera rise.

I have never used slide qwerty keyboard before, I actually like texting now!  This is my first Android phone, so loving all the easy to use features and access.

the phone when advertise look very good.......but the dissappointed part happen my order arrived at my door step.....it dont have a slot where u can incerted a sim card........i live in the carribbbean.....this phone was design for people living in amercia where they have the various telephone company for the public to choose from.....so am i to do
