
Comming from and iphone, due to changes in my finances I had to find a cheaper alternative. Boy do I enjoy this phone. I do like the apple store, but am trying to get acquainted with the droid market. Its a smooth phone. Get it, you wont be dissapointed!!!

I bought 2 of these phones before 5/27 so that my wife and I could keep our $25 plans.  They are only slightly better than our Samsung intercepts but it seemed like an OK deal since we could save on the plans.  Right away my phone started to reboot when I would try to unlock it. I called VM and they said no problem we'll send you an new phone. When I got the new phone I got an error when I tried to activate it so I call the 800 number and was told that I need to upgrade to the $35 plan if I want to activate the phone. I called BS since I shouldn't have to pay $10 more per month just because they sold me a defective phone.After 3 weeks of escalating investigations and about 20 calls to customer service I was finally told the truth.  Next month all Virgin Mobile customers will be forced to upgrade to the $35 / month plan, regardless of which phone you have.  So all of you who think your getting the best deal with your smart phone and only paying $25/month, expect a text very soon informing you that your now gonna pay $35 for the exact same service.We would have eventually upgraded our phones again and then payed the higher fees for a 4g phone, but now VM will squeeze a few hundred dollars extra out of us for no reason.  Well guess what, we are returning the phones and switching to AT&T; since they now have a $25 plan.  Now I can get a signal when I drive more that 1 mile from the freeway.

This phone was good for a while I didn't have that many problems with it, but towards the year mark it started to get very slow any couldn't keep up. I tried to update and it said none were available. My first ever smart phone. Good starter phone. Not for serious technologists.

Linked from The Inquirer, tech news page:  [...]THE UNITED STATES Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) must have caught up on their IT industry news reading this summer, because they have just warned about security threats to devices that use the Android mobile operating system.A joint DHS-FBI bulletin read, "Android is the world's most widely used mobile operating system (OS) and continues to be a primary target for malware attacks due to its market share and open source architecture. Industry reporting indicates 44 percent of Android users are still using versions 2.3.3 through 2.3.7 - known as Gingerbread - which were released in 2011 and have a number of security vulnerabilities that were fixed in later versions. The growing use of mobile devices by federal, state, and local authorities makes it more important than ever to keep mobile OS patched and up-to-date."The bulletin proceeded to identify SMS Trojans, rootkits and fake Google Play domains as security threats and offered various mitigation strategies.For example, to fight against SMS Trojans it advised, "Install an Android security suite designed to combat these threats. These security suites can be purchased or downloaded free from the Internet."To protect against fake domains, "Install only approved applications and follow IT department procedures to update devices' OS. Users should install and regularly update antivirus software for Android devices to detect and remove any malicious applications."The IT industry and tech-savvy users have known about these types of security concerns - stemming from Android fragmentation, most mobile phone manufacturers' sloth and indifference, and user inertia and ignorance - for a while now. But apparently the DHS and FBI just noticed this summer. 

I ordered a phone, but they sent me two and charged me for both.  I followed their procedures to return one phone, still unopened.  I have called every week for two months and they first claimed not to have received it (so I sent the delivery confirmation).  Now they say they found a record in their computer about a phone that came back missing some accessories.  I told them that is between them and the postal carrier they hired to bring me the phone I did not order (or the postal carrier they hired to bring it back to them, this was all done with THEIR shipping labels and their chosen carrier).  So far, they still have not acknowledged that they owe me any money at all!Because it is over $300, I will next go to my credit card company to find out if they will reverse the charges for me.  I have spent hours and hours on this and received 4 separate "case ID numbers."  Each time, they promise to call me back.  They have not called me back.  Not once.We did activate the other phone which works sometimes, though not as well as our AT&T; phone worked.  When I topped up the first time (paid the monthly fee) they double charged my credit card AGAIN.  When I demanded a refund for that, they refunded me only a portion of what they had charged me!  I see that I will have to check my credit card every month for double charges.  Now that I have spent $300 on a locked phone, I feel I am stuck with these terrible crooks.  I hope I can find a way out of this.Virgin Mobile cannot be trusted with your credit card number.

I purchased the phone through amazon on Friday 7/20/12, received it 4 days later and so far so good.  I was able to install a 16gb class 10 mini SD card, added about 50 apps, half of which I still currently use most of the time and I still have about 160 to 199M memory left.  Whatever apps could be saved on the SD card, I did so to save internal memory.  Thinking back, my old phone (also through Virgin Mobile) was a Samsung Intercept and I usually experienced crashes due to lack of internal memory.With my old phone, I deleted as many apps as I could and monkeyed around with it, but it still got bogged down.  Enter...LG Optimus Elite!  In some ways, it does remind me of my old phone, but the screen is obviously larger. Unlike the Intercept, I find myself using styli more often then not.  I also picked up a keyboard that allows me to type in larger blocks of text for notes, etc.  It uses blutooth and I have to remember to go through some steps to use that. I had to order bypassing software in order to run it for my phone though a company overseas.  Well worth it to me though.  Read my other reviews about that story.I found a protector frame (silicone?) for the phone which makes it look more like an I phone.  I also have become efficient in removing the outer and inner frame in order to remove the battery, should it become necessary.  And to think I also bought that other phone which prevents you from doing so.  Speaking of battery, it doesn't last an entire 24 hours even with the GPS turned off, etc.  I do keep a few alarms up as well as a weather updater.The surprise with Virgin Mobile for me was that my monthly rate was going up.  I guess I should have read all the very fine print provided on the website stating which models or release dates pertained to that change.  Turns out, I don't mind so much since I made sure to use only wifi at home and the most minutes I've used are around 200 minutes/month, so I was able to stay with the cheapest plan now offered.  I can also watch a movie streaming over 3G or wifi, no problem.  THAT, my old phone could never do.  Internet searches are now pretty good and I've used it often to compare online prices to store's prices, not to mention, read reviews on amazon.com.All in all, I like this new phone pretty much and I would carry more often, but the added frame makes it a little to heavy to just throw in my pocket.  I certainly wouldn't put it in a pocket without a case or protection of some kind.  After I have had it a year, I'll update the review.  I may not, if the phone is rendered old school like so many have before.6/25/13: 1 year update (11 months actually).  First, that silicone hybrid protector has been a phone saver for me.  I can't tell you how many times my hubby dropped his HTC EVO V 4G out of his front shirt pocket when leaning forward.  Silicone = staying stuck in place.  As for the phone, it's on it's last legs. Good thing that I bought it with the amazon card promo.  That puts it at almost $8.00 per month for me (would have been $11.80/month at full price).Current problems: 1) The charging port is getting loose, 2) I am now not getting notifications of my calls and texts, for the most part (my first hint that I'm getting a call is when VM notifies me of a voice mail message...I did check my prefs to make sure that calls aren't getting sent to VMail), 3) getting a signal is more difficult than ever, 4) I'm able to get home long before my text gets to my intended party (I send an "I'm on my way" message before I take off...15 minutes later, bing!)but I'm already home.  That last one could be Virgin Mobile's doing, not sure how.  I'm now looking at Samsung Galaxys, jelly bean.

I love this phone...It does everything and more. It's comfortable, all features work well, it's very user friendly...I hate that I'm getting rid of mine now because I'm getting a windows phone. I might keep this one as a back up!!

1st Phone: Received July 2nd; bought from amazon.com. Issues: Software issue (would not start properly), Battery would not charge (Best Buy said it was probably a fried port). Contacted amazon on July 13th.2nd Phone: Received July 14th; free replacement (& 1 day shipping) from amazon.com. Software issue fixed. Issue: Crappy battery. (Bought a new one and had no issue.), Would be in the middle of a call and the receiving end would unexpectedly not be able to hear me, no matter how many times i restarted my phone or called them back. Did this 2 different days. Best Buy figured it was a broken mic that decided when it wanted to work. Returned phone.3rd Phone: Bought on July 18th from Best Buy; No issues what so ever....for now.I was pretty discouraged by the time I got my new phone, but honestly, I only got to a 3rd phone because it IS an awesome phone when it works. I've had no issues since I got my 3rd phone from Best Buy. I don't know why I had such trouble from Amazon (crappy/flimsy shipping packaging maybe?) but my phone from Best Buy works great.It was my first android and I like it. The size is great since it's not a "king size" phone, yet the keyboard (when in landscape) is a good size for my hands. Swype irritates me so I just use the android keyboard. The camera is decent quality as is the phone reception. Texts will sometimes take forever to get to the recipient but that's not a phone issue, just a service issue. Trying to get a real person on the phone that works for virgin mobile is like pulling teeth, but once you get past that annoying automated guy, you're in! The charger port seems too big with the charger cable it comes with, but I bought an off brand and it fits better. (I don't want another battery port issue.)After the luck I've had with phones, I'm a little skeptical from buying electronics from amazon.com but others seem to have better luck than I do.I recommend this phone, but spending the extra $20 at Best Buy is worth it, in my opinion.

GETTING AROUND TO DIFFERENT AREAS WASNT AS SMOOTH AS I  THOUGHT IT SHOULD BE. DIFFERENT CHOICES OF SOUNDS FOR RING TONES WAS MUCH BETTER THEN OLD PHONE.

The phone is absolutely amazing and is just... incredible. Best purchase I ever made. Keeping it for as long as I can.

I purchased mine from Wal-Mart at the insanely low price of $59.99. It's great, it does everything I want and need it to, works well, looks nice, and with my plan I pay just $45 for 1200 minutes plus unlimited data and texts. I use wi-fi when I'm at home (and also where available, such as McDonald's, Barnes & Noble, etc.) so that when I am elsewhere my internet speeds won't be as slow. That's because Virgin does slow down the data service after you hit their cap (can't recall what that cap is). I use this phone for Google Maps navigation when on the road (works very well, hasn't failed me yet), for internet surfing, texting, minimal talking, downloading, social networking, and apps. Android apps are the best, there are so many free fun ones! There is also an app called 4shared where you can search for the paid apps, and if the one you want is available, it can be downloaded for free! Just a couple of years ago you could not get a deal like this! Pre-paid phones are the way to go, no obligations or overages, and the prices and service are better than ever! This phone is just as good as any smart phone I had as a contract user!Note: Downloading without wi-fi can be slow, it's really the only downside I can think of. But if you have access to wi-fi or if you only download in public places which provide it, then it's not a problem!

I bought this 6 days ago and am very satisfied. Screen size is a little bigger than the V and the upgraded software is great. Best Buy had it for $129.99.

The phone is terrific.  Camera and features are exceptional.  Easy to read and easy to learn how to use.  I am still learning about some the great features.  Only draw back; you need to charge the battery about every three days.  My other LG phone could go over a week sometimes two weeks without a charge.  But different type of phone - not an android or Smartphone.

i got the LG Optimus Elite becuase my old phone broke. i have had a really like the LG, it's fast, and pretty easy to use. i have had to restart the phone a couple times because it wasn't sending out the text messages, but after i restarted it, it worked just fine. the settings are still alittle hard to figure out though. i'm still trying to figured them out and i've had the phone for a month. the other problem i was having it mutiple contacts. if you are getting a web/data plan, it syncs your skype, facebook, and gmail contacts. my advice is to have a SD card from your old phone and put it into the LG because it's easier to import your contacts. all in all it's a great phone.

After two months of light use, my phone will not turn on completely. When I press the power button, it does that little buzzing vibration like it always did when starting up. The LG logo appears, and after a few moments the Virgin mobile screen (with song) pops up, then a moment later it says "Powering Off" and turns off without having loaded/started up at all. Or sometimes the Virgin Mobile screen with song gets cut off and it just turns off immediately.Since it is after 30 days, I can't return it. It appears I have to use the warranty, pay for shipping, and send it in for repair.Even when it worked properly, it takes a long time to start up and be ready for use.My wife has had the same phone for 3 months, and sometimes hers is glitchy. Like when pressing the icon for one app it starts up something different, and can only be fixed by turning the phone off and back on.UPDATE:I contacted Amazon customer service & they were prompt and helpful in replacing the defective phone.But I also discovered that the phone battery was completely drained & would not accept a charge when plugged in ...UNTIL removing the battery, waiting 30 seconds, and putting it back in. It must have reset itself because it finally charged up again.The paper manual has no trouble shooting tips, but you can find tips like this on the Amazon reviews & the Virgin Mobile reviews for this phone.I also discovered by trial & error, that uninstalling & reinstalling some apps (like Netflix) will fix them...but that's a pain.Also there is a loud, annoying song that plays everytime you turn the phone on. Virgin Mobile customer service said it can't be removed. So I've had to develop the habit of putting the phone on silent mode before turning it off, to avoid hearing that song again upon start up.This is my first smartphone, and it's been really handy, but there are some more annoyances. Like when typing, the auto suggest will often replace properly spelled words with other words, making me sound like an idiot on my posts & emails. I have to spend time proof reading everything. It's a pain. And on the keypad, the English/Spanish button is situated in a place where it is always getting brushed by my thumb, so my words end up getting translated to Spanish, and I have to waste time correcting them one by one.The voice recognition is sometimes nice, but often inserts words that are completely wrong so I again have to waste time correcting mistakes.

Ive had this phone over a year now and ive dropped it so much and ive got to tell you never had a single problem even after the first drop. Phone is fast never freezes.holds a good charge.im amazed at how much beat it took and still works like the day i got it. Amazing.The only problems I've had just started. Like every now and then when I try texting it won't show any of the letters I've typed. You have to go to settings and hit force close on whatever app it happened on. Gets annoying but is probably from me dropping it so much. But other than that I haven't had any other problems. Sound is great for music or in call. Gets really loud and I love that. Screen size is perfect never have a hard time typing. All apps work great and flawlessly. I still give this 5 stars cause that one issue was probably my fault. Great job virgin mobile keep up the good work with these good quality phones for cheaper prices.

I bought this to upgrade my older phone which has issues with adding or upgrading apps, sound sometimes fades out (no voice capability on the phone), and battery life fading.The Optimus Elite is a bit lighter with a wider screen.  However, it is not any faster than the Optimus V being limited by 3G.  The most aggravating feature is that the poorly designed touch pad for text entry in the V is even worse in the Elite.  There is a language switch button adjacent to the shift/numbers key.  So when you type and accidently hit &#34;esp&#34; you are now in Spanish letters.  If you need the dual language capability this is a great phone for that purpose.The accelerometer is a bit better as you do not have to rattle the phone as much to make the screen landscape/portrait.Unlike the package sold with the V there is just the phone and charger -- no ear buds or any other accessories.

This is a pretty good phone.It has a nice 3d affect when u move between the home screen.You can add up to seven home screens.You can download 3d games,movies,& apps.You could also take and record 3d pic/video.You have a lot of options with the camera.The phone does screen shot. Standard fast web browser & keyboard with great accuracy. This phone also has visual voice mail. Music sound is okay. This phone sells at Walmart for fifty-nine eighty-eighty and Best Buy for sixty-nine. The price on here is a little pricey.

Grandson was/is thrilled with this product.  Shipment arrived sooner than expected.  No problem recommending this service and product to others.

I love my phone! It was a great price, has all the features I wanted. I use this phone every single day for hours without any problems. The screen size is fine, nice colors. Lots if apps you could choose from. The only things that aren't great, is the camera and the speaker. It's average, but I didn't spend hundreds of dollars either. It's touchscreen, has voice command, even video.Pretty much everything I need. It's a prepaid phone through Virgin, It's perfect for me since I don't use a lot of minutes. My main usage is at home, even though you might not have minutes. At home with my wireless modem, I use this phone unlimited everyday! If you need the phone outside your home, you just buy a card to load minutes. I'll keep on using this phone until it dies.

Considering it's my first touch screen phone, I'm not able to put it down. The sensitivity is brilliant but sometimes it freezes, which I can blame on me being impatient for something to download. Overall, it's a lovely phone. (:

I was a little hesitant to buy this phone at first.  It was on-sale so I took a leap of faith.I was shocked how good this phone is. This is far and away the best android phone I have used on Virgin Mobile.  If I didnt tell you it was an 800Mhz CPU you would think it was a much higher end phone.  Its a true example of how the numbers mean nothing.  The phone never lags under any circumstances. Its quick and snappy.The internal storage is a total of just under 3gb.  This is a huge upgrade to the 120mb of phone memory on the optimus V.  For another 20 bucks you can add a 32gb sd card.Storage isnt an issue.The screen is noticeably larger and seems to have more color depth.The phone itself is extremely thin.  If the 4 keys on the bottom were not there you would think you were looking at an Ipod touch.  Its much much thinner then the Iphone.The video I have taken is extremely clear with zero jidders.  The pictures are great too.Currently this phone is $129-$149.00 and its worth every penny.If you currently have an Optumus V and are looking for a under $150.00 upgrade - Look no further.This phone also supports adobe flash and NFC payments.  Google gives you $10.00 just for registering with their payment system.

The phone has so many bells and whistles but I have no reception bars.  Occasionally I can get one bar but that doesn't help me to use the phone.  I was told by a person at WalMart I should return the phone since Virgin Mobile is practically non existent in our area.  Very disappointed.

This is my first smartphone, so I don't have quite as much to compare it to. I've had it for about 8 months now, and I have to say, I couldn't be happier with it! Its fast, and the battery lasts a considerably long time with heavy use. And it charges very fast compared to what I've had in the past. Texting works great for me,  no complaints. I do wish it would alert me to texts when I already have the texting application open and my phone is locked... that gets a little annoying when I dont know someone replied. But that's probably just a software issue.So happy i have this phone! :D

I was excited to receive the phone as I've drooled over smart phones for a while. Well, what do you know, the first phone won't activate. No matter how many times I entered "##847446#" nothing worked. I have to returned the phone and anxiously wait for another week for a new phone to arrive. I didn't opt for a replacement with Virgin Mobile because reading the reviews I learn they replace your brand new phone with a refurbish. Whether it was true or not, I didn't want any surprises so I asked for a refund and ordered a brand new phone.Imagine my joy when the phone was activated successfully. I was on top of the world and couldn't wait to tell everyone. Though, the joy was short lived because one of the customer service person entered wrong MSID on file and my brand new phone was out of service for another5 days before I caught up with someone who is from States and corrected the problem. No offense to people who speak English as second language, but unfortunately I had a hard time understanding customer service from offshore and I believe they have a hard time understanding me as well.Just recently I started using the phone to listen to internet radio. It is the only entertainment I get while at work and I listen to the show nonstop for 3 hours. After doing so for 2 days, today the phone magically turns itself off and on twice.Is it time to replace it with a new phone? Oh Lord, please no!! PLEASE!! I just want a phone that works!!!

The lg optimus elite phone is a good phone for its price.  The battery life is good.  It connection to the internet is fast.LG Optimus Elite Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile)

After scouting numerous smartphones being offered from the big names as well as prepaid, I opted to go for the LG Optimus Elite because of the positive reviews on this site as well as a few others. Admittedly I was a little skeptical about Virgin Mobile's capabilities but after using another provider who was a complete nightmare for 2 years and finding out that Virgin uses the Sprint network, I figured it was worth a leap of faith.Setup:The activation process was extremely simple. From the time I unboxed the phone to making my first call was less than 15 minutes. I did the activation online so I can't make a judgement about the manual setup process.Initial quality:This phone looks and feels like other phones I looked at that cost 100-150 more. The quality of the plastic is very good, it feels comfortable in your hand for extended periods and the 3.5" touchscreen is clear, sharp and accurate. Aesthetically, the phone looks simple but well put together.Performance:Having never used the Android OS before, I really didn't know what to expect but within an hour I had the basics down and in a week I was operating the phone to its full capabilities. I had no lockups, no lag, no crashes or stalls. The phone managed to keep pace with everything I threw at it. The phone has Android 2.3.7 Gingerbread which is considered a very stable build and I can see why. The phone isn't considered one of the fastest phones but it kept pace with my needs. Plus there's a small secret with this phone. Officially the CPU is rated at 800Mhz but after looking at a review on YT and testing my own phone, the CPU actually runs at 1GHz. Why LG did this? I don't know but I'll take free upgrades all day.Issues:Bloatware. Virgin has a lot of apps installed that are worthless. They don't even find their own network to do anything when connected to WiFi. After I activated my phone, I uninstalled them with no loss of capability.I have to question the 5MP camera. The picture is ok but not 5MP. Even at the highest setting, the picture is grainy. The camcorder quality is very good though which is strange.WiFi is fussy and disconnects from a close hot spot with a good signal to a more distant hot spot with barely any signal strength. I suspect this might be a software glitch though.Keyboard in portrait mode is barely usable for me with my gorilla hands but surprisingly the speech to text software is amazingly accurate which really helps.Last thoughts.I transitioned from being an staunch blackberry supporter to an Android user. I expected a lot of pain but it didn't happen. The learning curve to use the phone wasn't steep courtesy of a good operating system and a phone that is stable and quick. I now understand why this is the future of the smartphone and I have absolutely no idea why anyone would even consider a horrendously overpriced and less capable iPhone. I'm glad I did this and there's no doubt the phone's quality and stability has made my choice a permanent one. I recommend this phone and Virgin mobiles network. 4 stars.

I've owned three of these. The first two were alright. Probably 3.5/5. This current one though deserves no stars. It locks the screen dark when I'm in the middle of call. I can't hang up, turn on speaker phone, or use the number pad. The phone, otherwise, is mediocre. It's a reasonable deal for the price, especially now. It has a poor touch screen, it's just not sensitive enough to play games particularly well, and annoying themeing manager forced onto it by default. It's a decent speed and the two gigs of internal memory is enough for all the apps I install, but I figure it's a little small for some people. I wouldn't recommend this phone, unless you're getting it for cheap and are prepared to go through the hassle of returning it. I'm too lazy for that and I don't talk all that often, so I just quickly turn on speaker phone while it's dialing. It works passably enough for me. Virgin's plans are reasonably cheap, definitely some of the best deals on the market. I would not that this is only a 3G phone, so don't expect great data speeds. Overall, if it works a decent phone for the money, but I'm annoyed enough with my current one to write this one star review, so take that for what it's worth.

This phone is slow and turns off several times a day for no reason. I guess you get what you pay for.

great phone at a great price. i bought it for my kid. It does everything that i needed for it to do.

This phone is awesome! The best phone I ever had. Tons of apps! Fast! Design your own home page, put only the apps you use most on one page and move or delete the rest.The ONLY thing bad I can say about this phone is the battery life. Kinda sucks, I usually have to charge it twice a day, and I don't even use it very much. But all things considered, I can deal with it. Plug it in while I'm driving, plug it in at work, plug it in at night. You just find ways to keep it charged that works for you.I wouldn't change for anything! Definitely recommend it to everyone!

It's fine, the battery just sucks a little bit. The 3G actually works, which is a fist for me. It's got a nice interface for the most part.

I bought this after seeing so many nice reviews.. However this is not sth worth $100. The battery last about 2 hours max, so I left it home and only use it at bedtime. Less than 2 weeks, it 's dead, completely, without any warning. I thought could be the battery, but after one night(12hrs) charging, still unable to  turn it on. I've requested to return this piece of junk

a very Nice easy to use Android phone. I have used it for a little while and it hasn't had any problems. The touchscreen is very responsive, the size is nice, and the buttons are responsive.

I really needed to get rid of my Blackberry (it was old and kept dying) and I really really needed to stay under the old rate structure.  Score!This is my second smartphone and my fourth (or fifth?) phone with Virgin Mobile; I've never had a not-prepaid cellphone, so I can't speak to the differences between that experience and this one.  Similarly, I've had minimal experience with iPhones and more advanced Androids.  So my expectations weren't like yours may be.The things I was looking for were: a big screen, the ability to use many different apps, the ability to look at websites properly, a faster phone more generally.  I got all of that here.  If I could go back and change anything, it'd be to choose a model with a pull-down keyboard: I really need to push the buttons to feel like I'm typing, and I'm much faster with the physical keyboard.  Plus, the on-screen keyboard takes away fifty percent of the screen, which I wasn't thinking about at the time: my effective screen size while texting is actually a bit smaller than it was with the Blackberry!So far (I've had it for about a month) it's been OK.  Still working the kinks in my own behavior out; I keep forgetting to lock the screen, for instance.  Not having the most recent version of Android has turned out to be kind of irritating - there are apps I want, that don't work.  It's a bummer, but not a (retroactive) deal-breaker.  It's much easier to find apps for this than it is for my Kindle Fire HD.  ;)Also, I got a capacitive stylus, which has helped some with the typing speed.Tip: don't peel off the plastic cover for the screen.  And buy a three-pack of plastic covers now, so that when the first plastic cover starts peeling off, you'll have another one ready to go.Also, buy a thin holder/sleeve for it - for constant protection, not as a bag or whatever.  I like rubbery ones, because they don't slip around as much.

I picked this phone because it was the middle of the road and had (at the time) pretty decent reviews. However, the battery life has been an issue since day one.  I needs to be charged every day and I have never used more than 150 minutes per month.  I don't stream music, play huge battery-sucker games like Angry Birds, or keep it plugged in all the time.  Even with two auto-task killers, the phone apps never seem to completely shut down - which makes conserving battery even more difficult.In addition, there are many irritating "quirks" with this phone, such as sending/receiving text messages in the wrong sequence, randomly re-sending messages (over and over and over again), randomly shutting down, and a pod of worthless apps like ID Essentials from Sprint that no human being even wants that runs constantly...  As for service, it's not the greatest.  I'm in a STRONG Sprint area and this phone rarely has more than 3 bars.  In my office, there are many people with Sprint service and even one or two VM users and I'm the only one who cannot get service in our building.  I think that has more to do with the phone than the provider.These might seem petty but I came from having Verizon and a Droid Incredible for a very long time.  Maybe I was pampered with a phone that ALWAYS worked normally and service that never dropped out on me.  Either way, this phone is NOT worth it.  Save up and spend the extra money on the Galaxy or iPhone.

upgraded from optimus V, not quite as reliable, but a decent upgrade. Much more space mainly, but (os) not as good as (os) on the optimus V. Tit for Tat

My first smart phone and I don't need all the bells and whistles. Don't always have a signal, but where I live, that's true with all the providers I have tried. I love not having to have a separate GPS unit for when I travel out of town.

It's a nice phone, if you're looking for a basic smart phone under $100. It's not the best out there but it's far from a dud. Mother-in-law love's it.

Wanted a fairly simple to use phone without a lot of fuss. Been using this for almost a year and have no complaints. I use it mostly to text and take pictures, but I also get on the internet to look stuff up when I'm bored. Works great for everything I've needed it for, and I like the large screen. Also, Virgin's customer service is amazing. Would recommend this phone.

I am very sad. Because I live in Costa Rica and this telephone not work in Latin America because this has not chip slot and in any part of the description said that , that only can use in USA and that dont have chip slot. So I  buy something that I cant use. So please specific that in the description.

Great phone.it was just the right size, came brand new out the box.easy to activate.lots of apps to download from the android market.i just love this phone....

This seller sold me a &#34;new&#34; phone that someone else had purchased beforehand, used for a lengthy period of time, and not paid their Virgin Mobil bill.  When I tried to open up an account, Virgin Mobile tried to make me responsible for that bill.  I contacted this seller and did not get a response.

This phone constantly froze up during use and had a lot of dropped calls. Had to return it, I was so disappointed! If you are thinking of switching to Virgin Mobile, believe me, look elsewhere. I would way rather pay a bit more per month to have reliable service and good customer service. The only people I would recommend switching to VM would be teenage kids or elderly people that barely use the phone. I could buy this LG Optimus Elite for $130, or I could buy the Galaxy S III for $200....hmmm....

I actually really enjoy this phone.  I researched a lot before choosing this phone.  For the price, and the phones abilities, $100 was worth it to me.  Now it wasn't the "dream phone" I had wanted but it was a huge step up from my LG Rumor Touch.  So far I have no complaints, it holds calls well, I love that the speaker phone is clear and loud.  I have a baby and my hands are not always free to answer the phone, so I can just push the speaker phone button and answer and I can talk and entertain my child.  Service is better with this phone, and I love that it connects to WiFi.  Overall I would only change the life of the battery. It is very very short. I have to keep it on the charger fairly often.

This phone is amazing I love the back it has a nice feel better than other phones I've had in the past its nice and thin better then those bulky phones out there have a easy time finding accessories for it and it arrived earlier then expected all in all its an amazing phone and would recommend it to anyone looking for a great phone

About a year and a half ago I was able to get an Android without a contract.  It was the Samsung Intercept, also through Virgin Mobile, and it was not a good experience.  I rode it out as long as humanly possible but I could not depend on the phone to get a text or a call, and the last missed call from the school nurse told me it was time for a new phone.  (Not literally a missed call, but you can't get a call if the phone won't turn on.)  This time I wanted to be sure I got a phone that worked without spending many hundreds of dollars, so I did a lot of research.  I looked into different no-contract plans and phones and I finally decided to stay with Virgin Mobile.  They aren't great but neither are the options, we've talked to a few, and my daughter has Boost...they are the same, to me, as Virgin Mobile. I decided to give this phone a shot.  I am so glad I did.I have only had this phone a short time but I am very impressed.  I charged and activated my phone.  Since I already had an Android, I signed in to Google and with that came my contacts, calendar, and the Play store with all my apps.  I went down the list, loaded the ones I wanted to keep, picked a few new ones, and the downloading began.  They came across so quickly I was sure there were some missing, but there were not.  The screen was crystal clear and responded perfectly.  I organized my apps on to my pages and played with the phone for days.  I tried streaming music with I Heart Radio and my Amazon MP3 music.  I tried out a personal assistant app with voice recognition.  I went through live wallpapers.  I played games.  All worked smoothly, no delays, not a peep of complaints about memory.  Some things I took off, but the majority stayed.  I love some of the widgets.  SoundHound is my favorite because I hate not knowing what the new song playing is...now I know!The Android keyboard is fine, I have big fingers and little frustration.  The fun is the Swype keyboard, where you touch the first letter but then don't pick your finger up until you finish tracing the word.  It works so much better than I thought it would and I actually prefer it.  The voice recognition is better than I thought, though I would like to see it do a little more.Overall this phone is easy on the wallet, easy to use, a pleasure to own, and a nice example of an Android.  If you are in the market for this type of phone, I don't think you'd be disappointed with the Elite.Update:It is nine months later.  I still love this phone.  I talk, take pictures, text, play games, use other apps.  I use it as my alarm clock plugged in by my bed five days a week.  I use the GPS feature.  I had a basic case and screen protector on it, dropped it without knowing it, and dragged it under my shopping cart for a bit.  It has a small scratch on the edge of the phone, nothing else wrong.  It never locks up on me, works quickly even loaded with apps and photos, and has been very dependable.  The only complaint I have is the battery life.  It will last maybe half the day, depending on how much you use it.  Even without using it, just having it with me, it will not last the whole day.  This hasn't been a problem and I have enough places to plug it in so that it doesn't die, but for somebody who depends on battery life and does not have the opportunity to plug in, this phone will fall a little short.  We are going to Disney soon and I will be getting a portable battery to charge my phone during the day, but I do know my phone will still get me though!

I am used to iOS.  This is my first Android phone.  I was surprised at how much you have to babysit the OS.  By that I mean if you don't make certain adjustments the battery will run down quickly.  A few tweaks (turn off cell data/wifi/gps/bluetooth when not in use) and it can go days without recharging.  Some basics, like significant screen dimming for night time and audio equalizing, need third party apps.  Not a knock on the phone, rather an Android issue.  Overall, fun phone and great price.  Also, it seems to run at 1 ghz.  Faster than advertised.

my phone has a lot of issues it does not sen or receive pictures now it does not want to get internet no matter what I do. My grandson bought the same phone and is working perfectly. Whats wrong with my phone?

I like the new phone. I'm still trying to figure all the features out on it and once I do that, I may like it even more. So far I've gotten only a bit frustrated and I think that is more because I don't entirely understand how the easy battery savery and task killers should be set up/work.

This was the worst Android device I ever owned. The battery life was very short no matter what I did. The Virgin mobile service was terrible, I was unable to switch between calls. My friends told me that it sometimes took 30 seconds before my phone would even ring. The security password feature did not work, I probably entered the password one out of ten times. I returned the device after two weeks.

This is definitely an entry level android. Doesn't have a very high amount of dedicated memory, but is a good buy for the cost. Also another complaint is that call quality isn't the best, but that in part may be the virgin mobile network...

The LG Optimus Elite is a definite upgrade from the Optimus V. The processor is notably faster, and the screen is bigger. The increases size makes it easier to type. The screen is glass which is a definite improvement over plastic. I would recommend this phone as a good low end phone. It gets the job done at a good price.

Hello guys, my name is Raul and I'm going to keep this review simple and straight to the point for you guys.Phone: LG Optimus EliteThis phone is at reasonable price of $100. If you look up at any other Virgin Mobile phone, the 4G newer models run for 2x more. And if you look up other kinds, well they don't quite meet the standards with this phone. The LG Optimus Elite is such a great phone. You won't be disappointed, and if you're looking for a cheep mobile plan plus phone - get Virgin Mobile $35 a month with this phone and your set. You don't have to pay $80 month. Just $35, how simple is that. This phone has so much to offer, I promise, once you purchase this phone - you will be amazed!The Pros: Good PRO/RAM/GRAPHICS/SOFTWARE/SCREEN/CAMERA(5MP/flash)/BATTERY/SPEAKER-PHONE/&DESIGN;!!The Cons: No face-front camera or 4G compatible. . . and that's basically it.

Great android phone. High quality for an affordable price. Does music,videos,and picturesseamlessly and effortlessly. Apps as well.good for young adults.

ok 1 1 1 3 4 5 6 7 7 7 7 5  5 34 322 4 5676 76 4

I bought my phone brandnew from here. This is my first adroid phone. I am a 50+ technologically unsavvy person. I had my phone for nearly a month and I have been able to figure out how to use it without having to bother my younger tech savvy relatives. I am very glad that I bought this phone! If I can figure out how to use this phone so can you, so don't be intimidated by the high tech reviews. I highly recommend this phone!!!

Great phone for the money! I got this phone because of the memory upgrades and camera upgrades. My daughter loves apps and this has tons of memory for apps. Great phone , great value!

Works as I expected. Registering was easy and quick. The only problem is that it feels a little fake to me. The phone is just plastic like any other phone but it's light so I thought it felt cheap. Luckily, I bought a case for it and it feels good! Many people mistaken this for an iphone too!

This phone is a great product & reasonably priced for a smart phone.  I would recommend this phone to my friends and family!

Shipping was fast A+ to the seller the phone is basic and for my needs and gets the job done wish the internet was  faster buts that is my only complaint.

Good reception, very slick an comfortable to hold. managable when it comes to learning how to navigate the apps. vibrant colors on screen.

the virgin mobile lg optimus elite is a bad phone because it keeps getting an error called error code 67 and sometimes when i try to use wifi or the 3g thing it overheats

VERY  GOOD  PHONE!!

When this phone works, its great. I get service where my friends and fiance who have Verizon do not. The camera is decent, and the OS is pretty nice, although not nearly as nice as the newer OSes. I love the size of it, especially how slim it is. It fits perfectly in my pockets.However, I've have two of these phones since April when I purchased the original.- The first battery that was in the original phone was damaged and caused the phone to get so hot it was uncomfortable (and almost painful) to hold. After contacting Virgin they sent me a new one.- I had to send in the original after the power/screen on/off button started to refuse to work. I had to guess on which part of the button would switch my phone on, and near the end of the original phone's life with me I had to hold the button down several times to turn the screen on. After talking to Virgin again, they sent me a new one with a return label for the original. The original phone lasted from April to the beginning of September- Phone 2, received in the beginning of September, is having issues now (the end of October). The charge port (or possibly the cords I'm using?) malfunctions and doesn't always charge it, despite slight wigglings of the cord and the plug. Today, the softkeys died, so I cannot navigate the phone at all. Even with calibrating the screen the screen doesn't work properly either.I'm really sad about this phone. When it works, it works great, but when it doesn't, it's a nightmare. I'm trying to decide if I'm going to contact Virgin once more and have them send me a new phone since this handset malfunctioned in less than a month and a half of use.Edit 1/1/14: since writing this review, I'm on phone 3. It works "okay" but I can tell it lags worse than the others have. Some times it "glitches" and vibrates randomly. It frequently closes my programs out without warning.At the end of this pay cycle I'll be added to my fiance's contract with Verizon. This phone simply is not worth the hassle, and I'm willing to pay more for a "better" phone from Virgin when I can get the same one free from Verizon.

this phone has a nice screen...and it is great that you don't have to sign up for a contract. it can be a little tricky to figure out how to do certain things...like add and save new contacts

From the first day I had a problem with battery charging. It doesn't work, and I don't like it at all.

Have had the phone a little over a month and it performs well, the virigin mobile network is pretty good where we are. Have had it lock up once but just pop the back cover off and pull the battery and starts right back up and I'm not sure if that was the phone or an app that acted up. For a smart phone the price was great for the product. Battery life is decent, it makes it through everyday for me but I don't use my phone all that much, google maps will eat the battery though.

Needed a smart phone for a visit to the US from overseas and a pay as you go service which Virgin offers. Didn't want to invest in an expensive phone for this limited purpose. I got one for my wife too. It sets up/activates easily. Overall works like a smart phone but we had a few issues - calls disconnected prematurely, sometimes other side would cut out/hard to hear - just not a seamless phone experience - don't know if it's the phone or the service. We found the email feature, spell check troublesome - keyboard a little hard to use, too easily flips from an english to a spanish key board so you find yourself spell checking in the wrong language - even in english the spell check proposes unlikely words.Serves its purpose for a limited time - will stick with my iphone for regular use. My wife who is less patient with gadgets was less satisfied.

I love the phone! I can't give to much info about the service because I haven't activated it yet. Its easy to use and has a very nice style. Glad I purchased it!

This phone is just plane AMAZING!!!!!!! I really encourage you to buy this phone. I think everything is great about this phone. I really like how the speaker is the thing to listen people talk out of. GET THIS AMAZING LOW PRICED PHONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The phone is fast and responsive. Never had any hiccups. I tested the processor speed with an app and it runs at 1 ghz not 800 mhz. From what I've read all these run at 1 ghz so mine isn't some rare exception. The picture/video quality is great. Battery time is average on par with most smart phones. The phone is very slim and lightweight.*If you are looking for a relatively inexpensive yet quality smart phone without being taken advantage of in a contract this is it! I have been with VM for well over a year and the service has been impeccable thus far. Thank you VM for setting such a high standard in the cell phone business! Verizon needs to be put in check!

Love this phone for my husband..not too expensive but not cheap ...if lost you wont spead a lot of money to replace it ....has great features only downside is port can be fragile and break easy...but we were able to get a charge that will charge the battery but you gotta take the phone apart to charge it....

I bought this phone about a week or so ago and so far I love it.  It's just as nice as the more expensive models.  The battery life in my opinion is decent, better than the previous android phones I've owned even with my live wallpaper.  The processor is pretty fast as well, more so with Wifi.

This was a Chritmas present for my brother and he loved it. He was happy he got it from me.

Over all I like the phone, no problem with the battery and pretty easy to use. The two problems I have had with the phone is that when I was setting up my e-mail I clicked on e-mail on the main screen not realizing that there was another screen that had an app for g-mail. This created a security problem with my e-mail provider when I tried to correct the problem. The other problem is that when you turn on your phone , you get this annoying music as it turns on.

I love this phone. It's fast with WiFi on. Video is of good quality.The only problem is the battery life is short.Maybe two or three days for standby only.I don't expect battery power to be gone so quickly.My old LG rumor doesn't need to be charged formore than a week.But it's the most affordable smartphone I can find.I don't want to spend a fortune on a phone.Also I kept my grandfather plan. Very nice.They said you must update to a more expensive plan with asmartphone? Well, well, well. But a used one doesn't count.

I have bought used cell phones in the past and they have usually been decent phones that worked well. Not the case here. The battery does not even last half of a day. And the phone freezes up a lot, just stops working so that I have to start all over again. Not a good phone.

This is a great upgrade from the LG Optimus. Much more memory and very similar features. LG makes very good product.

Gave this to my daughter for Christmas and she has been glued to it ever since.  Virgin Mobile has some great plans for not too much money too.  I thought the price was reasonable as well.  It does tons of things and my daughter had so much fun setting up the sounds and rings and whatever else it does.  The keypad is very, very sensitive though and she does things sometimes that she didn't intend to do.

It takes them about a month to 2 months just to ship this thing to order ive been waiting up to a month now still diden't get, these sellers take their time and the item is not even that good, low battery, and everything i rate this bad because of this slow shipping

I am glad I purchased this phone even though i found it cheaper a day after i purchased it. this product came on time and i was able to track it the whole way. It came in brand new as if I purchased it from virgin mobile themselves!

I heard the battery life on this phone was good but I was way way way wrong I have to charge this thing at least twice a day and its gotta stay pluged in on my lunch break or it wont make it through my shift but everything else is cool as hell lots of cool apps you can watch you tube videos you can even rent movies on it

I was pleasantly surprised how nice this product turned out to be I like the service and the prices are actually what phones should be worth these days since there is such a huge abundance of them with companies and products flooding the market. The reception is good I like the features although my only complaint in the texting is not so easy because of the keyboard size touch screen and the battery life is so so depending how long you plan to be on it per day and for what you use it for also I recommend using the juice defender app which saves your battery a little more by blocking all the auto background stuff. Worth it all the way around as a whole for me and how I use cell phones every one needs them for different use but if your not a super phone junky and text and surf more than you actually talk then this is a good buy. Easy to set up online but i did have to call them to get the esn to register manually.

I switched from the LG Lucid and thought this phone would be far worse, but it's actually a quick lite phone, not as bulky as the more expensive phone. It works flawlessly and i have had little issues here and there, as with all cell phones, but i love this phone. I recommend it, rather than spending a boat load for a bigger bulkier phone!Frank Fresh - L-Town, New Jersey

The Optimus Elite is by far the best Android I have used so far. It stays powered on when dropped, unlike my last phone. The battery also lasts a long time when I only have the CDMA connectivity enabled and brightness on low.Your best bet for a very decent mid-range android.

I needed to get my 6 year old a phone and she was able to use it within a day, fiddling on her own.

I found this to be a great purchase even though it does have some issues such as a smaller screen than expected, some hangups and frozen screens and the inability to block phone calls. I use this for everything, especially for texting, taking pictures, reading ebooks, and surfing the internet. Overall, I found the benefits to trump over the cons of this phone. A+++.

I do not have to much to say, or I just do not want to write to much about noting.  The shoes are very light, looks good and are not very expensive.  Try them out and let me know. . . For me they are good

Buyer beware --- my entire experience with this phone and the Virgin Mobile service was unsatisfactory. (1) Their coverage map was inaccurate -- it claimed I should have good coverage at both work and home, and it turns out I barely got 1 bar (sometimes none). (2) Their customer service was exceptionally slow to respond; and some of the people I spoke with didn't even make an effort to fix the problem, they just shunted me to the returns department (I had to persuade them to try to fix the issue instead of returning it). (3) When it was determined that both the phone and the service wouldn't work, they refused to provide a shipping label to return; which means I'm stuck with both the original expedited shipping cost, and the return cost (the customer service rep said they'd only provide a return label if I "was getting a new phone", which should tell you something about their commitment to customer service right there). (4) They refused to refund my minutes, claiming I'd made more than 15 minutes of calls -- which was an outright lie since the 2 calls I placed ended in seconds, since they could only hear 1 out of 4 words I said.I would not recommend Virgin Mobile to anyone.

Got the phone on time and it works fine. I probably should have bought a better android phone but they are too complicated to use, too heavy to carry...blah blah blah. This is a basic android, featuring the same as most. It is only 3g so very slow but who wants to spend 200dollars on a phone?! I don't! I bought this used for 65dollars and am happy with it. I give 4 stars because it didn't came with micro SD card and the charger isn't working.

Work well for a several weeks.  Then during a call the screen would go black.  I could hear the caller but they could not hear me.I tried to turn the phone off for a restart.  The only way I could bring it to life was by removing the battery and replace it.  Phone would work, maybe for 2 or 3 calls the do it again.  I had to return it as faulty.  Because I had to have a phone for my work I was forced to buy one from a Big Box store.  I could not wait for a replacement from the seller.PS:  My wife has the same phone and it works correctly.

My boyfriend and I both got virgin mobile. I went to radioshack and spent 150 on the HTC wildfire S and he bought this phone for 150. It's amazing how much better his is than mine. Mine freezes and glitches constantly. This phone he has thoguh is very good. It works well, it's sleek, and light weight. Very nice.

My first smart phone.....I really like it.  I figured almost everything out in one night.  I'll let my nephew help me with the rest :)

This is a great phone, but had to return to seller because I could not activate it with Virgin Mobile.  However, I since purchased the same one from Best Buy, and successfully activated it with ease.  Still learning the various applications, and it makes nice pictures.  However, filmed portions of a concert, and was not totally happy with the results.  Otherwise, great phone.

This is a nicely made phone that I really want to love, but it falls short in so many frustrating ways.  I've had this phone for roughly 4 months (with Virgin Mobile) now and I've finally had enough and will be buying a different phone.  For all of the folks that just wrote 5 star reviews for this phone... wait until you've had the phone for a couple of months and have really used it (once the honeymoon period is over) you'll most likely experience some of the same issues that I'll be talking about below (I hope you don't though).  I'll cover both the bad and good points about my experience with this smartphone:The Bad:- This phone will not allow you to read group text messages from iPhones.  My boss and everyone on my team at work unfortunately has an iPhone, and whenever they send a group text message to everyone I receive a BLANK text message from all of the iPhone users.  I read numerous Droid forums looking for solutions and all other Virgin Mobile LG Optimus Elite users say that Virgin Mobile is aware of this issue with this phone and can not do anything about it.  I've tried to solve this problem by not using the default Droid Messaging app and tried using GoSMS Pro and Handcent but they do not solve the blank group message iPhone problem.  So whenever I receive a group text message from my boss or other people at my work I have to personally text them or call them to find out what they said.  I can tell this is starting to annoy my boss.  I've put in a trouble ticket to Virgin Mobile regarding this issue, have called support, and all I've received so far was stock/scripted responses.- I live in the Washington D.C. Metro area and I should be receiving a great consistent signal, but I'm constantly dropping calls and many times my 3G Data drops off- Bad or unreliable data connectivity.  This could be the fault of Virgin Mobile, but I've read in many Android forums that the phone is more to blame in this situation...I constantly lose my 3G data connection which makes it hard to surf the web, listen to Pandora, use the GPS, get traffic updates, use Google Voice, or do anything else that requires a data connection- The Battery life is so so.  I'm not a heavy phone user and do not text a lot or make many phone calls during my work day and the phone lasts roughly 10 hours on a single charge.  I would consider this "fair" to "poor" battery life for a smartphone since I'm a light user.The Good:- This smartphone is the perfect size.  It's small enough to fit in your pants pocket or in your jacket pocket.  It's rather thin too, so it won't bulge out from your pockets.- Nice screen resolution and decent screen size.- Pretty responsive touch screen.  It doesn't compare to the iPhone or Samsung GS3, but for this affordable price its a decent performer.- Lots of free apps in the Google Play store and since this uses Gingerbread there's a good selection.- Includes GPS, 3G data (pretty unreliable for me), bluetooth, nice camera (includes a flash!) that takes pretty good quality pics- affordable price.  I paid over $125 bucks when I bought this.So if you don't have any friends or family who have iPhones and you can put up with the negatives that I outlined above, then this is will be a decent starter/entry-level smartphone for you.

this is my first smart phone.  was disappointed in the short battery life.  although I turn everything off... bluetooth, wi-fi, a fully charged battery wont make it through a day, or maybe just barely does.  This is true even if I have no voice calls, play no games, and only send a few texts and check email a few times...five days after I got it, it died completely.  won't turn on at all.  It has been babied since I've have it... so maybe I got a bad one.amazon is easy to work with regarding replacements though.

Likes:I bought this phone from BestBuy for $129.99 and it was a good investment. First off it is a great phone. It comes with Android Gingerbread, which is what most android phones run. It has a decent battery life, obviously if you are constantly using GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth, and 3g then your battery will be shorter. I use the phone to occasionally go online and for social networking, sending text messages, and occasionally call someone. For me the battery can last about 2 days (not 48 hours, but time I spend awake). It has crisp call quality and has reception wherever I go (I think has sprint's coverage).During a trip to Great America my cousin's expensive iPhone 4S could get any signal, but mine LG Optimus Elite had full bars and 3g which I find funny because he spends alot more money per month than I do.The other thing that I love is that it is a prepaid phone and you are not locked into a contract which is great if you don't want to use the phone for a month while your out of the country.Dislikes:I activated the phone myself and I had trouble with the process. (But that was probably just me because my brother got the same phone and his activated just fine without problems).I lost the ability to use data(internet access) for no reason for a day, I called the support line and it took a while but my phone was back to normal. (I had to reset it though which could have erased all stuff if I did not have it in my micro sd card)Overall:It is a great phone and I would recommend it to anyone. My cousin, sister, brother, and I all have LG Optimus Elite and we all like it so I know you will like it too.

I bought this as a gift for a special young man and he couldn't have been more surprised and happier. It works well and provides him with a dependable phone.

great batter life so cute perfect i love it any one who wants a great phone cheap get this one

I had one of those flip phones so this is a huge upgrade for me. I have no problems using the phone. Once in awhile it does freeze up but not enough to worry about. I know people who spend a couple of hundreds on their cells that freezes more than this one does. The battery life was a big issue for me at first. It didn't even last five hours! I needed my phone longer than that. From messing around with it, I found that disabling the data when I'm not using it helped extremely. I still receive text and calls.  I'm going on 15 hours now and still at half battery life. Mind, I don't get on the data much....probably a total of 3 hours through out the day.

It was just as described. Great quality and price! Fits my phone perfectly. i am very satisfied with this product.

Phone is great and easy to use. Internet surfing is fast and the pages load in a good amount of time. Its lightweight and easy to carry around in your pocket. Only problem with this phone is that the battery is pretty bad. I got the phone and went into work at 4pm. When I got off work at 5am the phone was dead. Completely drained and wouldn't turn on. And I didn't use it once during my shift. Not even on my breaks. So the battery life needs improvement but I did find a. Battery app that controls your settings and screen brightness automatically and has a sleep timer and shuts down during certain hours (usually between 12am to 8am) so I recommend getting it.  Other then that its a great phone. Easy to text and calls are crystal clear..

This phone kicks @$$, I love it especially for the price. I have never had any problems with it other than the 3g being too slow. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is done with expensive contracts like myself.

this phone is a excellent choice for me it has flash player for movies or whatever other videos need flash player to play it. With virgin mobile i get my txt fast, internet fast, and calls never drop. it took a total of 15 mins. to get it activated. the camera is 5.0 mega pixels.txt messaging has a swype keyboard (luv)..pictures are fantastic when you go to print them.(luv)SD card you will need but for the the most part the phone will still hold alot without one. the phone also features a flash for the caMERA (luv)......so i give this phone a 5 star rating because it has everything that i want and more. My battery lasted 5 hrs and 24 mins today.With regular use one site says that they got 5 hours and 56 mins out of theres. but i just got it and it has not been fully charged yet ...i also downloaded 2x battery, in 2 weeks i should get 2xs the battery

Okay, I had my Optimus Elite for 2 years before I recently upgraded to the Samsung Galaxy S3. For the first maybe 5 months I had a case, and for the rest, I let it be.And let me tell you, when I say I occasionally dropped my phone from heights more than 4 feet, I am not lying. I remember being on the stairway and my phone dropped to maybe 10+ feet to the floor below. I ran down, put the battery back in the case and turned it on. And guess what? It still worked. Really, while, I think this might have been with a very cheap case on, I think that's a testament to how sturdy and capable this phone is.Again, there are some software issues after a while. The battery runs out quickly after a while and takes a long time to gain and hold charge. And other mishaps. But I say that if you need a smart phone that's decent but not super great, I wouldn't hesitate buying this.

Like many others, I wanted a budget smart-phone to start off with, and the initial reviews of this looked promising. However, this hunk of garbage was glitchy to begin with (for example, the text function would occasionally disable in landscape mode, phone would power off on its own irregularly, et al), and the interface seemed clunky and primitive for a smart-phone, but whatever - it still basically worked.Then about four weeks in, after a full charge, the thing just died. No shock or water damage. Having dealt with all kinds of batteries (in sales), I have much experience with battery longevity [in case you don't know: it's always best to fully charge and fully discharge most batteries]. The old trick of removing and replacing the battery didn't work, either. So I took it in to the Sprint store at the Flatiron building in NYC, where they assured me it was just a weird coincidence, and I was happy at the time to accept an identical replacement.Guess what: in exactly four more weeks, the exact same failure. Mind you, as is often the case, both times the phone died on me were the worst possible times for it to happen, and even though the second time was an actual emergency, the jerks at the Sprint store made me wait two+ hours for their tech to tell me what I already knew: phone was dead and they had no idea why. Each rep I spoke to kept assuring me it's a perfectly fine phone, and intimated that perhaps I did something to it, which I assure you I did not. [Side note: because there was no physical damage, my insurance on the phone was useless.] Their best resolution was to have me return after four days for a replacement of the exact same piece of garbage phone. I let them know as politely as I could muster that they had totally failed on every level of customer service and had them cancel my account immediately. I then walked directly over to T-Mobile and signed with them for a Samsung Galaxy Lite, which I can already tell is a vastly superior phone.

My wife had the Optimus V and constantly complained about running out of space. That phone only has 150mb of user space, this one has about a gig (4 GB total, 1 GB user accessible). One less complaint I will be hearing...I am very impressed with this handset. As others have noted it actually has a 1 Ghz Snapdragon type processor, not the 800 mhz listed, along with 512mb of RAM. It is very fast and smooth in operation. Running Android 2.3.7 helps enormously (a huge upgrade from the Froyo previous Optimus Vs were running). Not worried about whether ICS is coming to it, Gingerbread does the job just fine.The wifi receiver seems very fast, and the GPS (a real GPS, BTW) acquired a lock and fix almost immediately.Screen size is 3.5", which doesn't sound like much of an improvement over the 3.2" of the Optimus V until you put them side by side. The Elite's screen is *much* easier to type on. It's the same size as an Iphone (it actually looks alot like one...)I have been toting around a Droid X for a year and a half yolked to Verizon. I am starting to think that the wife just got me beat...I'd highly recommend this one to anyone looking for a decent Android phone and who is trying to avoid the ridiculous costs of a contract with the big carriers. For $150 up front and between $35 and $55 a month you get the full experience.VM is going to make alot of money off of these, I think.EDIT: One week later, and the OE has lost a star. I had to return the first unit because some malfunction was killing the battery FAST. It would die in less than 6 hours. I have been using Androids for a couple of years and know all the tricks, couldn't get the first one to settle in. Took it back and exchanged it for another one, and after some fiddling I have the battery sipping juice. The replacement unit has been acting a bit quirky too (one random reboot, some strange stuff involving the Wifi reciever and call/messaging lags, which toggling Airplane mode seems to fix fine) but I *think* I have it running fine now... And when it's running fine it's still a 5 star phone for the price.I docked it a star because the first one was a lemon and the second one has been acting funny, but seems tight as of now. I can't give something with that record 5 stars. Still, this is an impressive phone for the price tag. I'd still upgrade to it from the OV, it is just that much better a phone. I would say that with the issues I have had, though, someone with little knowledge of the Android OS or inclination to play around with the settings (like my wife) might have a hard time with this phone. It is finicky, but when calibrated right it runs like a champ.Just be ready to send it back or exchange it, because it seems this initial batch obviously has some defective units floating around. Amazon has a great return policy, so I wouldn't worry about it.EDIT 2: A few weeks later and the OE is running like a champ. It is sipping battery after a couple of changes (Airplane mode resets a couple of times, mostly) and running smooth and fast. Wife is getting home with 40% battery after 12 hrs continuous no charging, not bad for a small, thin phone. Now Otterbox just needs to make a case for it...The wife is very happy with it compared to the OV. VM is finally starting to get some really good phones out there.

i think the phone is great it does what i need it to do there is really nothing more i can say

Worst phone ever. Has problem staying on 3G connection. It always switches to 2G even when other virgin phones are running in 3G in the same area. Horrible.

works great for the price. It is not loud enough!!!!!!!!1

my first smart phone is disappointing.  Often it stops working for no reason.  I turn it on and nothing.  I have learned I mustremove , then replace the battery.  This occurs nearly once a day.  Secondly, the volume is inadequate.  Unless I hang it from my ear I rarely hear it.  This is not just a matter of turning up the volume.  I have tried everything.  And it is not my hearing.The phone is well designed I suppose, it is intuitive, keyboard is easy, camera not bad.  But Having to return ALL incoming calls is getting old, fast.

This is a really good phone for a really good price. Just $99.99 from Virgin Mobile, free from Sprint.It is a low end smart phone, so you can't really compare to high end phones. It's meant to be low end.I must say, that I totally am impressed by its performance. The one thing that I thinks its missing is a front facing camera.well for a first smart phoneonce you get this phone, you can't go back to just texting and calling

Have had this phone for about 9 months now.  It has all the features my 12 year old and I wanted.  My only problem is the battery doesn't last that long.

I held off writing this review for a tad just to see what happens.A bit of background:I just got back into the smart phone world and things have changed while I was gone.I did a lot of reading on phones and carriers and making a decision was a hard one.In the end, the phone I wanted was the HTC Evo V. It was the perfect phone for what I want (note: want, not need) but it carried a $300 price tag.Another phone I considered is this one, the LG Optimus Elite. That is a perfect phone for what I need and only carried a $120 price tag.I was also buying phones for the entire family so that factored into my price considerations. In the end, I ended up getting the HTC One V (which I also wrote a review for) and then two of these LG Optimus Elites. The final consideration is that I got these phones on sale for $99 which was a steal.So this is a great phone. It does everything one could want it to do and is smooth and responsive. Sure, there are phones with crazy better specs and screens than this today, but for $100 this is an awesome phone.It runs Android Gingerbread, which I was not too excited about since it is "outdated" now. But for the most part it doesn't matter. There are a few things that are better in Ice Cream Sandwich but it isn't a deal breaker, and when you are looking at a $100 phone you really aren't looking for top of the line stuff. Gingerbread is a good solid OS and I have no complaints.The screen is good, but not great. Comparing to my HTC One V which has a slightly bigger screen and better resolution I of course like it better, but there is nothing wrong with the Optimus Elite and its screen. It looks good, and you wouldn't really notice any differences unless you did a side by side comparison to another phone.I like the native keyboard screen quite a bit. The layout is nice and it uses Swype if you so choose. Comparing to my HTC One V I like the Optimus Elite keyboard much better. In fact, on my HTC I ended up installing Swiftkey for a better keyboard, but on the Optimus Elite the standard out of the box keyboard is being used on both phones.An interesting thing about this phone is that it has NFC (Near Field Communication) so you can use your phone as a payment device if you set up a credit card with your Google account. I have not actually enabled that feature but I thought it should be mentioned because most phones don't have that feature even if they are high end(in fact if you research it, very few phones have it).I highly recommend this phone to anybody just breaking in to the smart phone world. I got it for my wife (who essentially just wants email and texting and I am trying to show her she can do other things too which she will do once she sees that it is so easy) and for my daughter (who has used it fervently since it went into her hands).So what is wrong that I am holding my breath?My wife's phone started turning off on its own after just a day. It happened frequently and randomly with no reason. Doing a battery pull reset it and allowed it to turn on again. It was fairly annoying.I contacted Amazon and they sent a replacement. As a side note because it is a huge deal, I must praise the Amazon service for how they handle this. I stated the phone was bad online, they issued a replacement order that shipped to me in 1 day, and provided a return UPS tag to return the bad phone. It was phenomenal service. There are no worries about needing to exchange at this point.So anyways, the day I notified Amazon about the bad phone, my daughter also reported a phone shut down. I asked her to tell me if it did it again, which it did. Mind you, it was not near as frequent as my wife's phone, but it was the same problem so I am having that one replaced too.The new phone has been used for 2 days now with no issues yet (I will update if something changes) and so I am just feeling out if the phone is working well or if something is wrong with this model. I feel it is a good phone and just a fluke that a bad one got sent, but to get 2 bad phones seems unlikely. So I am holding my breath to see what happens. I am hopeful that it pans out because the phone really seems like a good item and one I would recommend.UPDATE 10/3/12:It has been a sufficient time now for both replacement phones to get a good read on them. Neither is experiencing the power issue that the originals did. I can now rest assured that the phone is a good item and are getting great use. I recommend the phone, but be aware that there could be a need to get a replacement. Again, kudos to Amazon for the replacement policy and taking the headache out of it.

The LG Optimud Elite is a great starter smartphone, especially as a non contract phone. It has plenty of space to work with, the only thing to watch out for is the lag and the random times the screen may be frozen. Besides that, this phone is great for those looking to move up in the phone department. Also the camera, which is 5MP is wonderful. I wish there was a front facing camera though.

I recently (September of 2012) bought this phone for a trip I was taking to Kansas for a get together with some family.  Granted, this is not the most populated area, but the town we were in, Hays Kansas is the biggest town in that area for about 200 miles.  Last time I was there I had no reception.  Nothing!  That was about 8 years ago.  I thought Virgin had to have upgraded (yes I know it's Sprint) but no, again, nothing nada!  Even my brothers cheap track phone had coverage!!  If not for the hotel's free wifi the phone would've been a waste to even bring along!  Not the phone fault, but just a big disappointment with Virgin/Sprint for their lousy coverage.  I did check the maps for coverage on Virgin's website and it said it had coverage there so I was a little miffed shall we say and taking a lot of grief from family members.Now onto the phone itself.  I'm kind of new to smart phones, but I consider myself tech savvy and have pretty much learned most of it by just using it.  It's a simple phone, boots up kind of slow but once up seems responsive.  I have to unload some apps on it since some of them don't work and slow it down.  I explored the settings and have been able to easily connect to the wifi at home, work and Virgin's wifi without any problems.  Calling is easy and the sound is good.  No dropped calls although I have not made that many calls.  Texting is challenging on this phone, but I'm getting used to it.  Sending pictures and texts is easy but slow due to Virgin/Sprint's lousy coverage.  I live in the twin cities in Minnesota, and I usually only see 2 maybe 3 bars.  I did notice some complaints about it getting hot, but a cover helps.  I do notice it without a cover.The camera is OK as long as the light is good, even with the flash.  It's really sensitive though and I find myself taking pictures when I don't want to.  The one problem I've had is the gallery loading up.  It will just sit and "spin".  I figured out that is because it's not finding an internet connection and not sure why that is happening unless it's slowing it down so much it just can't load the gallery (I may have only a dozen pictures loaded).  Once I make sure it has an internet connection it loads the gallery just fine.  Weird but true!Games are kind of difficult only because they are small, but I have not done many so will have to try some other games, but the version of Mah Jong I loaded is almost impossible to play.For the money this was not a bad phone.  I originally wanted this HTC Virgin had but they were out of them.  I have the $35 plan, but you do get what you pay for and again coverage sucks with Virgin/Sprint.

This Phone Is Wonderful. I'll Say I Love It & I Also Kinda Dislike It, The Only Problem Is The Battery Life Is.... Really Bad, When I'm Not Using It I Just Try It Off. But It's A Great Phone, Just Wish It Would Last For The Full 8 Hours. But I Love This Phone! (: &lt;3

I absolutely love this phone. Before I activated it, I played around with it and put different apps on it so that I could get used to it. Its has a sleek design but I really wish it had a camera on the front as well...Overall, my order was great and I am pleased.

I was so frastrated with the phone because of the low reception and short buttery. I'm using walmart's straight talk phone now. I feel much happier than before.

I bought an LG Optimus V, for Virgin Mobile, and their Beyond Talk plan ($25 month 300 , unlimited everything else plan) in Jan 2011.  Three years later, she was getting a little flaky, so I decided to upgrade.  VM no longer has the $25/month plan.  They will grandfather you in, if you upgrade to a mid 2012 phone or older.  VM provided me a list of phones that I could use and remain in the $25 plan and the LG Optmus Elite was one of them.I found a new in box one on eBay with a Buy it Now price of $59.99, shipped.  I received it and I immediately noticed that it was slimmer.  That was cool and I noticed the LED flash for the camera and a reset button.  All good and in fact, as we find out later, having a reset &#34;hole&#34; is good but not in a good way.The biggest beef with the Optimus &#34;V&#34; is on phone memory.  Less than 400 mb!  I had to uninstall apps that i wanted to keep.  Yes I could move them to the 16 Gb micro-SD card but some bits and bytes still remained on the phone and i had to have two apps to contstantly clean the memory.  The Elite has a little short of 1 Gb of &#34;phone&#34; storage and a bit short of 2 Gb of &#34;Internal memory,&#34; which i assume is a virtual SD card.  I bought a 32 Gb micro SD card but the phone won't let me move apps to that as it thinks that virtual SD card is  real one.  Google needs to add that option (iinternal SD, or External SD) to the Android OS.  I will use the external for music - not apps.The processor is listed as 800 MHz while the &#34;V&#34; model had only 600 MHz, under the hood.  I actually find the Elite to be a bit slower.  In fact, it often hangs when using apps that you would not expect them to tax the phone.  I've had to pull the battery maybe a dozen times in less than a month, as it had became unresponsive.  I did discover the reset button and that stoips from having to pull the battery.  Speaking of the battery.  Even worse battery time than the V.Although the phone seems to have better speakers than the V, I find call quality to be substandard.  The V was much nicer.All in all, if you are looking to stay grandfathered in VM's old $25 or $40 plans, this phone is an option but it's not that great.PROs:Can keep in older VM Beyond Talk $25 or $40 plansThinnerCameras has an LED flash (can function as a flashlight with an app)CONsPoor speedFrequent phone freezes / lockupsPoor Call QualitySD card slot requirews removal of the back back of the phone

This phone is horrible.Internet is pretty decent on it.But i have yet to have a phone call that hasnt been dropped right in the middle of talking.I wish it was a phone setting causing this,but about 3 minutes or so into the phone call it just hangs up.Dont think its the service because my daughter has virgin mobile and she doesnt have any problems at all.

Since May 2012, I have been through two of these LG phones and currently the second phone is crippled.  I have the phone and service because I am a social worker and needed an affordable voice and data plan.  The LG has numerous problems and Virgin has horrific customer service.  The phone has to be rebooted at least once a day.  I back up the phone at least three times a day.  With use, the phone will post an "android error" and start to shut down requiring a reboot (It will not charge if not re-booted.)  I have invested in this phone, the memory card and the accessories.  When I call Virgin with customer service issues, I cannot understand the staff and they are rude and impatient with me ...  They appear to be reading off of scripts.  I have my personal account with US Cellular and we have been very happy with the equipment, price and customer service.

Very little memory good phone if you don't use memory oror download anything I recommend the Samsung Galaxy Epic S 2 for downloading

This is an entry level smartphone, my first smartphone too. I only had basic phones til I picked out this one. It has sooooooooooo many features. My favorite is voice activated gps. It's so accurate on picking up your spoken destination. Tons of great apps, way better than iTunes store has. It's a cool looking phone, nice clear display, the touch screen is nice and responsive. I saw other people say the connection speed was slow, I haven't noticed it yet, it's pretty quick to me. Another nice feature is if you have wifi at home it uses that signal instead of 3g. The pictures turn out nice, 5mega pixels. The camcorder looks crystal clear. No static or hissing when I talk. I only owned it a short while I really cant find anything I don't like about it yet. I went to Radio Shack and bought the phone for $60.00, $45.00 a month for 1200 anytime minutes, unlimited texting and unlimited data!!! I don't know why everyone would not go to Virgin Mobile. Great phone buy it!!!  Update: 05/04/14 Phone works like it did the day I bought it. I think this better than a lot of higher level phones. The battery life is great if you don't have the 3g and the wifi on. If you need it turn it on, it takes 3 seconds. Then maybe 4 more once you choose 3g in settings. If you can't wait 7 seconds for internet you need a hobby. Just updating because so many people bashed the battery life. The music player is great too. That does not drain the battery much at all. I've had the 3g on and off with the music player running 10hrs when I'm at work. Then still have a 80% charge the next day.

To be fair, it's my first smart phone, but I'm reticent to sign contracts (won't) and I was eagerly awaiting the new iPhone for Virgin Mobile.  When I saw the price, I gasped, fainted and blacked out.  Then I read about this phone and decided at 1/5th the price of the iPhone, I'd give it a shot.  It's wonderful.  I'm a little obsessed with it, actually.  And I hate phones as well as cell phones.  This, though, is a little mini computer that works everywhere and does everything!  GPS, email, product pricing and reviews, camera, video camera, calendar, to do list, news source... it's got it all.  Yay!

I just wish it had better response time (4G) instead of 3G.Otherwise this phone was just what I needed.

This phone is an upgrade from the Optimus V that I was using before.  Its screen is  slightly larger, but overall the phone is thinner and  not too large to easily fit in a small purse or pocket. The camera has a flash and options for up to 5 megapixels, and frankly that's more than I need for most of my snapshots.  It has more internal memory than the V, with an additional slot for a micro SD card, so when I get around to transferring some music to it there should be enough room.  The GPS navigation works well, the calendar syncs to my online Google calendar, and  I've been able to download many of the apps I had relied on with the other phone without any hitches.  Oh, yes, I can also make voice calls on it, with good sound quality.

i bought this phone thinking it was so great but when i got i bought a 40 dollar card for it tried to activate it and it robbed me i called customer service and they said the phone didnt exist the serial was wrong i waited over 3 weeks til i just returned it! dont buy it!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I got this phone in June and up until maybe December it was working perfectly. The 3g speed was good and the processor is nice. It has a very clear display. One major downside is that it runs on Android OS 2.3.7. Which is alright but limits the apps you can download. The internal memory is good and holds many apps. Battery life is also a problem, it sometimes doesn't last a full day(7a.m.-9p.m.) As of late it has been freezing up and apps closing but it quickly fixes itself. Also has many good Google apps and widgets installed which cone in handy sometimes. For the price it was/is a good phone.

This is a very stylish cell phone.  My son is very pleased with this unit and will be adding accessories in the future.  I would recommend this item to friends and family.

The phone worked great for the first 2 weeks. Then the memory card would not mount, and then by the 1st month ended, the touchscreen was dead. Terrible phone. Terrible experience

Not a bad phone, did everything i needed but i had to end up buying a faster phone; has all features you would need - small hands, had a hard time with the keyboard

I've been using a very basic prepaid Verizon phone for about a year now. I was paying about $30 a month for it. After hearing about the Virgin plans I decided to go ahead and try one of these phones out. I have not been disappointed. For $130 you get a pretty good little Android phone. It does everything I need, including Netflix, YouTube, and all the Google Play apps.While the quality of the display is not equal to a top-of-the-line Samsung or iPhone, it is very crisp and sharp. I was worried I might not get signal where we live out here in the rural mountain West, but the signal is just fine. As I write this I have four of six bars. I can even stream Netflix if I really want to when I'm away from my Wi-Fi here at home. For a phone in this price range it's perfect for my needs. It also has the GPS features which my wife loves since she's an avid runner.I don't talk much, so the $35 Virgin plan is perfect. My wife talks a lot more than I, and she is still with Verizon on a $70 plan with no data. Next paycheck we're moving her to one of these as well on the $55 unlimited plan. Plus there's no contract!So, for the price and quality of the phone, the price of the plans, and the fact that it does have coverage in our rural setting, I give it 5 stars. It does what it's supposed to, at a price I can afford. Heck, even if I had no signal the phone itself is worth it with just the Wi-Fi and internet features!

I upgraded from an HTC Wildfire S to this, compared to the Wildfire this phone is amazing. Lots of memory, and runs fast. The only issue I've had so far is sometimes it doesn't send or receive text until I restart my phone. But I'm pretty sure that's a Virgin Mobile issue and not an LG Optimus Elite issue, and for $35 I'm not going to make a big stink about it. I love my new phone :)

LG did a good job on the phone , from battery , light weight phone, memory , gps  and also google wallet. the triumph sucks battery is really bad. get this phone or the new htc phone or iphone . today i got a 10 hour on my battery all day.

The shipping, and price were all wonderful, but my mom complains about the screen size. I've also noticed considerable lag with some games.

It's okay for the things I need to do, but my kids laugh at it but I'm satisfied with it, I've had it almost a year and still finding out all of the things it does!

I really like this phone. its slightly bulky with the case I case I have and videos are blurry. the sound is incredible and its pretty easy to use. because of the bulk its hard to hold and type with one hand so it would be really easy to steal. the data is good. 300 minu&eacute;s i&d adn imposible plan. I'm not really a smart phone person but I might as well at this price

Can someone pull your back cover off and tell me where this phone is manufactured?  I have heard there are two versions and phones made in China were of better quality.  Thanks.

I did a lot of research prior to purchasing this phone and I'm happy with my decision. No problems whatsoever. I don't use all of the apps and internet very much because I prefer my laptop. However, when I'm on the go and want to check my mail or something, its nice to have. The camera is fairly decent, nothing spectacular like my DSLR but it is more convenient to carry around with me. No problems with the battery life. I would recommend this phone.

I love this phone! The only thing that kind of sucks is the battery but other than that it works great!!

The phone is OK, but it's almost impossible to text due to the "buttons" being way too small (and I'm a lady with small fingers). Very frustrating! That's really my only gripe, but it's a big one! If you like to text, this is not the phone for you.

Last Christmas I bought my teenager the LG Optimus Elite (white) and it works really well for her, since she does not use it very much. A few months later when my LG Optimus V ran out of memory, I bought the black LG Optimus Elite for myself. Last night I was checking my email on it, when I noticed the voicemail symbol come up. The phone never rang. I double checked to see if the ringtone was on, which it was and the ringer was turned up high. In other words, I've had this phone for less than a year and it looks like the ringer has gone out on it.This is my second LG Optimus phone in 2 years. I will never buy another one, instead, I'm going to buy myself an iPhone 5 S; my boss absolutely loves his.

When my old phone finally died I decided to spring for an Android. This phone is ok but has it's tantrums. I often find that I will not receive any text messages or notifications if it's on for more than 4 hours straight and I end up having to restart it. It also freezes quite a bit. The battery has to be recharged quite often despite the fact that I don't have a lot of apps on it.Recently the touch screen stopped working and I had to have a replacement sent to me.

i now have a htc one v that i purchased thinking it would be better, this phone is well worth the money.

This is my first "smart" phone. So far it is just what i expected. it does not feel "cheap" in your hand and has a nice sized screen. My sprint account was up so i thought i'd give Virgin a try. it was a snap to sign up and i love doing everything online any way.

I got this for my wife because she didn't want to spend the extra money on the HTC 1 V. This phone isn't nearly as nice in all aspects compared to the 1 V. This may have been a good phone years ago, but not so much now, it really shows it's age and slowness. The screen is really bad too and Sprint's 3g service is so bad, I am questioning whether the money saved is worth it.

I bought this phone as a temporary replacement phone while saving up the funds to buy something newer/better. All I can say about this phone is that it *kind of* functions. If you want to make a phone call, it can do that, sort of. It'll take the phone a while to actually process that command, and the call quality won't be great, but it'll eventually manage to connect you with another human being via phone. If you want to send a text, it can do that. Slowly. Very, very slowly. Sometimes a text will take about ten minutes to send, but it'll usually get there someday. The touch sensitivity of this phone is almost usable in that if you hit the same spot 20 times, one of those times the motion might get picked up by the touch screen and the command might actually go through, but you won't know until you hit it a few more times and then suddenly you're breezing through options you never wanted to select because the phone is spontaneously working at lightning speed, exclusively to screw you over. If you want to use apps, you can do that sometimes. A lot of apps don't work on this phone, but the ones that do can be used. Try to limit yourself to one or two apps running at a time because the phone gets easily overwhelmed and either the apps crash or the entire system crashes and then you have to wait a few minutes for the phone to restart. There is a camera. If you want to capture a moment, you'll need to anticipate that moment several minutes in advance because the camera requires that much time to boot up and snap a blurry, pixellated photo for you. The text app that comes with the phone is intensely bad, so download Handcent SMS to improve that visual experience a bit.This is a phone for people who have never had a smartphone before and thus have no idea what smartphones are capable of, someone who is just excited that there's a touch screen that lights up. If you've owned a smartphone before and are looking for something cheap, this is not a good phone for you. You'll be filled with constant sorrow and regret. Pay a little more for something better. Leave this phone to the casuals.

The WiFi on this phone is terrible. It doesn't switch between 3G and WiFi very well at all. Most of the time you have to turn off and on again the WiFi for it to find a new signal. Sometimes that doesn't even work and you need to restart.This thing overheats on a dime. If I'm running navigation and I have it mounted on my dash on a sunny day it will overheat to the point that a warning comes on and the phone shuts down. That just shouldn't happen. Not to mention the battery life is terrible. If you don't have some kind of power management app installed you won't get through the day with moderate use.Each one of the phones I've had I've ended up sending back under warranty as they will just keep restarting over and over again, in addition to the problems above.

This phone is an exercise in data speed frustration.  Even when it claims to have a strong 3G signal, web sites.. even the Play Store.. would not load.  If you're lucky, it might find your wifi network, although no guarantees it will actually work on it either.They tout this phone as "environmentally friendly" when they should of called it the Hippie:  Stinks and doesn't work.

I'm reading reviews that are 2 pages long from users, like psychos. With all your BS. And no one has mentioned it's really DIFFICULT TO TYPE!!!!! My fingers are normal size and i can't deal with it. I can't be the only one with this problem. My Niece tried it(shes a whiz),said this is the worst shes ever used, and she lives for texting. You know young people. I miss the key board from my old LG. What a waste of money. You get what u pay for. 73 dollars.

A+ to both amazon and virgin mobile, but this phone is horrible. The battery life on average for me is about 2 hours with minimal use, the phone shuts off randomly and freezes constantly. Texting is a pain because it loves to insert a period after every single word, which may be because im used to an iPhone and the space bar isnt so amazingly small. Camera sucks, plus theres no forward facing lense, every time i downloaded an app i had to keep going back into google play to open it. The only good thing about it is its size. It fits good in your hand. I wouldn't buy this phone again if you paid me to. I would rather have an old school Nokia.

Arrived quickly, VERY easy to set up (I've gotten Virgin phones before that were HELL to activate & keep same number). Works perfectly and has great battery life.

A little bit about my mobile background. I'm a self-diagnosed mobile A.D.H.D (only when it comes to phones). I've had Voice Stream, T-Mobile, Cingular, AT&T;, Boost Mobile, Virgin Mobile, SIMPLE Mobile and now I'm back at VIRGIN Mobile.  I've used Android, BB, iOS, Windows Phone.  I decided to pick this up to save money because I'm planning on moving.This is the best 3G phone for Virgin Mobile - when it works.  I've previously owned the Optimus V and this in comparison to that is the slimmer, faster, cuter version.Unfortunately, my version's GPS didn't work. No Yelp check-in, no logged in data runs, etc.  I am returning this for a new one.As for the phone itself, it is great, surprisingly zippy, (NO FRONT CAMERA), even has NFC (wow!).If you're looking for a budget phone, but need apps like checking email, GPS, camera (and you don't need a 8MP picture), this phone works really really well.Have any questions?! Post it! I'll answer them! =DUPDATE 7/2/2012:Received my new replacement phone (LAST WEEK) and I LOVE this phone!  Yes, Virgin Data is still slow, but hey everything works!No problems checking in using YELP, no app crashes, I haven't had to restart my phone! =D

I like the phone, just didn't realize it was white. other that that I'm satisfied with it. I was looking forward to going back to virgin mobile

While looking for a new phone I was hesitant on what kind of quality to expect from a prepaid Android phone. Like most prepaid users, I didn't think I'd ever be able to get a phone with the capabilities contract users got. The LG Optimus Elite eliminated that sentiment after the first week I had it.Every app on the Android marketplace in compatible with it. I've only downloaded arcade-style games so far, but they run smoothly. The only one I've run into minor problems with is the Netflix app, which crashes every now and then. Not sure if that's a complication deriving from the phone or the app though.It's 5 megapixel camera takes clean and clear shots, and the flash is amazing. (On a side note, the "Brightest Flashlight Free" app utilizes the light and works amazingly) However, you may have to occasionally retake your pictures as the camera sometimes has difficulty focusing.The battery lasts all day with no issues. Even when using video apps it holds up longer than I'd expected.My only real qualm is the keyboard. It's nothing detrimental to a purchasing decision, but you will have moments where letter selection is off. The auto-correct is pretty handy, but the ES button (switched you to Spanish) is right near the space button, so I accidentally switch to Spanish a lot, and thusly it auto-corrects in Spanish. Annoying. I've never been a fan of touchscreen keyboards to begin with.TL;DR: You get unlimited talk, text, and data for $25 a month ($35 if you're a new subscriber). And this phone will definitely help you utilize that unlimited data package. Just be aware of mild keypad annoyances and the camera's stubborn focus.

my grandaughter loved owning it because its as good as the expensive ones ,looks same ,works same ,great quality phone.

This phone is great.  It's everything you need in a smart phone.  It's got a pretty big screen, those a-holes that need a 4.5 or bigger screen are stupid (get a tablet if you need a phone that big!)  It works amazing, has been very dependable and doesn't lag.  The only thing I don't like is the battery time, but all smart phones don't seem to keep charged as much as a flip phone used to.  I guess if you want this phone staying on longer than 5 hours, get an extended battery on it.  Anyways though, it takes great photos, has a flash on it.  I have to say its the best phone I've ever had before and I've had other smart phones (HTC hero was one I had a couple years ago) You really won't be disappointed, unless you're a smug a hole that only likes things for the looks and for the brand.

So far so good.  There haven't been any problems with this phone at all.  We bought this phone for our daughter and she absolutely loves it.  It hasn't malfunctioned once so far.  She likes the functions it has and ease of use.  Now that she has this phone, she don't know how she ever lived without a smart phone for so long.  The only problem I have noticed with this phone is that the battery does heat up when you have the screen on for a while.  If you're constantly on the phone then you will notice this and also the battery does drain quickly.  And because of this she carries around a spare charger just in case.  But if you just use it as a phone and for texting rather than surfing, then the battery does last the entire day.  She charges her phone every day at night when she goes to bed which has just become habit for her - no big deal.  But like with all smart phones, this is normal.  The screen is big, it has a flash for the camera, and comes loaded with apps.  The SD card it comes with was a bonus because she put her music on it.  She loves this phone.  The best part was that we got it cheaper through Amazon than the manufacturer!  Bonus for us!  I recommend this phone for anyone.

The phone may be fine, but Virgin Mobile is now forcing customers to upgraded from the $25 plan to the $35 plan. Ironically, it's not a 4G or special phone.  The technology is at least three years and its feature set is not as good as the Triumph.We used this line on a limited basis as back up because of the low cost; we now will cancel the account.I don't know how I was supposed to know, before ordering, that Virgin would pull this change.

I got this phone on Monday, this is the best phone I've had. It is very nice, it's like an IPhone,  but at a much lower price. You can go from page to page in a flash when surfing the Web, very easy to text, etc. I would most definitely recommend this phone.

I wanna start by saying this is a great phone to have. Its affordable plus Virgin's plans are great. I recently just canceled my contract with sprint to save money. I had the HTC evo 3d, which was a great high-end phone. I was afraid to go to this phone from that one, but I made the switch. It definitely wasn't that much of a downgrade at all. Well the main apparent sacrifice was the screen size. The evo 3d's screen size is 4.3, this one is 3.5. However, this phone has a brighter, more vibrant screen, and the colors are also better. I know this. I had the evo 3d for almost a year. This is lightweight and quite thin. I like it alot and I'm happy I got it. The camera is also pretty good too. It shoots fast! Its very good for people who have shaky hands or are taking pics of moving targets. And the flash is another great  plus. Overall, I'm very satisfied with it and I'm not sad about coming from the evo 3d to this.

This so far seems to be a very solid phone. It has several advantages over the Optimus V including Android 2.3 rather than 2.2 on the Optimus V, more memory, a slightly larger screen (3.5" vs. 3.2") and a faster processor.In terms of memory, the phone comes with roughly 900 MB of main memory that is free (compared to about 150 MB on the Optimus V). Additionally, about 2 GB of memory is in a separate "partition" that can be treated as if it is an SD card, including moving apps to it. While the phone does not come with a microSD card, there is a microSD card slot inside the back cover that can be used for even more storage.While the specs for the phone report it is an 800 MHz processor, reports on the Internet (which I confirmed with my phone using Quadrant) is that currently the phone is shipping with a processor speed of 1 GHz, a nice upgrade.In terms of connectivity, the phone seems to compare well with the Optimus V, receiving strong cell and data signals, as well as the GPS finding satellites quickly.For the price, this phone is tough to beat; though those wanting a high end phone from Virgin Mobile will want the Evo 4G.

Thank you so much love the LG Optimus Elite android phone the best phone I ever bought thank you Amazon for my purchase.I would recommend this android phone to anyone.

Everything I need is in this phone and carrier.Cheap monthly plan, Wifi, 3G, Games...So far So good.One thing I'm disappointed is a battery life(if I use applications long time, it doesn't last two days)

this was awesome.  I had to pay my phone time the same day my new phone arrived.  I hadn't expected it to get here so fast.I was able to switch phones the same day.  You can't beat the service. You were great.  thanks.  I will remember you next time I need something.

i got this for my husband and i since our old phones were giving out. it's an excellent phone and doesn't freeze and all the other horrible stuff phones do.for the price it's excellent.

I recently upgraded from the Optimus V, and I will admit that the Elite is a good phone!Granted, it's not like the other more expensive phones in VM's lineup, but I love the size and feel of the Elite.  It's easy to hold in my hand, and using the on-screen keyboard is great, although I do have to stretch the thumb farther to reach the letters on the right side (am left-handed).  And... it's super easy to type messages in the landscape mode, and is even greater when using two fingers.I also enjoy having the audio coming from the front of the phone, as compared to the V where the audio emitted from the rear.  The audio is loud enough for me while on speaker phone or listening to music or watching videos.  No more do I have to strain the ears as I did with the V, when the phone is laid flat on its back on the desk.  And I love the fact that it does support Flash videos.There is one feature that I wasn't aware of until I opened the box... this phone is capable of doing screen captures.  And, if you select a photo from your gallery with this feature, you can literally hand write comments relating to the photo, before sharing it via MMS or on Facebook.  However... it'd be best to use a Stylus if you want to write something while using this feature.  I was surprised that out of all the reviews that are out there, none of them mentioned this little feature.Surfing on the internet is really fast.  And to maintain this speed, I make sure that I clear off my internet trash when I'm done.  This is accomplished by using two apps from Google Play... Android Assistant and Memory Booster.Now... (IMO), the battery life is marginal and will drain fast if you're playing with this phone all day.  That's why I make sure that I don't keep too many running apps in the background, and I drop the screen brightness to below 50%.  Using the battery app Juice Defender does help, but by turning off running apps, it increases the battery life greatly.  Also, I hate that the ID pack has to be installed onto this phone.  I'm still trying to find the method of deleting it, since I like my own settings.  Besides, it adds a few more junk stuff onto the memory (some I've already deleted cause I don't use them).Beware of which case you intend to purchase for the Elite, because some of them have a high ridge on the front, and it does make it difficult to reach those letters that are at the far left or right side of the screen.  Unless you use a Stylus to type, then it shouldn't be a problem.Regarding VM service, I've had no major issues with calls or the service itself.  However, I do live on the fringes of the cell sites (not only for VM, but for Verizon and ATT as well), so when I need to make calls from home or send texts, I have to move around until I find a sweet spot.  Sending MMS messages can only be accomplished when I'm within range of the cell site (1 mile from my home).The photo and video cameras work fine for my tastes.  The image resolution is satisfactorily for me, good enough for taking quick photos or videos for sharing.  If the Elite had a front-facing camera, that'd be more sweet!In closing, the LG Optimus Elite is just right for me in terms of cost and functions.  It's not a really fancy phone, but it's not an "el-cheapo" phone either.  The build quality is good, the sound quality is good, and the service quality is just right for me.  The Elite was indeed a worthy purchase for my wallet!

I hooked up the phone to my wifi network, which use WPA pre-shared key (sorry for the techno babble, but I'm also hoping to get some feedback here. ) With the security on, I can typically get 1 web page loaded, and then it stops working, until I turn the wifi off and on again. However, if I turn the security on my wireless router off, it works fine. This is annoying, as I do not want to open my wifi to all my neighbors. I'm curious if anyone else had the same experience and if they were able to solve this.

I got this phone to replace my AT&T Huawei Fusion 2. Overall I like this phone better, but there are a couple of issues I have with it. For example, one or two of my favorite apps, like tumblr, crash frequently without any warning. It's extremely annoying, and they worked fine on the Fusion 2. However, it's only one or two apps out of 10 or 15, so maybe it's the apps themselves. I'm also having trouble personalizing ringtones, which I could do very easily on the other phone. And the battery life is a lot lower than the Fusion, but still lasts all day. The Fusion could go a couple of days without charging, though. Other than that, I enjoy this phone, and it's excellent for the price. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants a smart phone but is on a budget.

LG Optimus Elite (Virgin Mobile)this was a gift and the person enjoys the phone and has bought many accessories for it.

This is absolutely the best phone you will get for the money. It runs on Android, giving you the ability to give your phone maximum customization. It is better than the iPhone as it allows you to do more and there are most apps from the iPhone plus a ton more that are even better.

Nice size, good battery life. Not the fastest processor but that's not really a problem for me. I use it for telephone calls, messaging, email, and a few other apps - not much for games.

Just purchased, and now it is no longer working. Battery life is almost non-existent. Even if i put it on airplane mode. I wish it was different. just lost $$ on this.Will never purchase this type of phone ever again.

I have had this phone for two years.  I use an 8gb SD card and I have had all the memory I need, I have downloaded a lot of the King game apps, i.e. candy crush and so on.  The only thing that has gone bad on the phone is the camera lens but I scratched it at some point.  I have dropped this phone several times and keep in mind I do not have a case or screen protector but it still works and the screen has not chipped or cracked.  My husband has a Samsung, he dropped it once and the screen split.  All in all, GREAT PHONE!  I am very happy with it!

This phone is just great... Except for the battery life. It is a nice size, fairly sturdy, comes with a fair amont of memory, It has not frozen up on me and has fairly decent sound. The camera take pretty good photos. The touch phone is neither to sensitive or so sluggish that it is unresponsive to games. I did buy a stylus pen to use the keypad so I don't have to rely so much on spellcheck. I like to cuss allot and its more effective if hell does not sneak past me as he'll.  All in all it is the most phone I've ever purchased for the least amount of money. I paid just under 70 bucks total. I download a battery extender that claims to double the battery life we wil see how it goes. If I still have a problem with it being half dead everytime I grab it to run out the door I will go through the friends I have with teenagers who either distroy their phones on a regular basis or just feel the need for a new one every couple months a find an extra battery to keep with it.

I read a lot of reviews before purchasing a new phone. I am happy that I bought this one, love the camera and the ability to modify the pictures on the phone. I would recommend it.

In comparison to my previous phone, which was the Samsung Intercept, this phone is fantastic. Better picture, slightly bigger screen, and much faster. It's nice to be able to play certain games without it freezing, running incredibly slow, or making me force quit. For a phone that only cost me $130 with no contract, I'd say I got a great deal. The only thing that bothered me was when I transferred my contacts to this phone through my SD Card. For some reason it doubled my contacts, and I had to go in and delete half of them which took some time. It seems to be fine now though.

i had the intercept before this phone which was a good phone but slow this phone was a relief its fast and fits in your hands all though i bought the virgin mobile iphone like two weeks after i bought this i gave it to my son awesome phone though

With a previous history with an LG Env Touch (with Verizon) I was anxious to get into an Android phone and also free myself from the shackles and silliness of 2-year contracts and move to VirginMobileUSA. Unfortunately, this phone is severely under-powered and very limited memory. Therefore, once you get to 3 or 4 Android applications going, you start running into mysterious failures and restarts. (One of the problems also is that the Android level seems to be 2.2 whereas the later well-performing phones are Android 4.0 or better.)I replaced this horror with the HTC One V (still with Virgin Mobiles USA) with Android 4.0 and a more comfortable memory of 4 gigabytes. That phone is currently under $105 on Amazon (and has occasionally been on sale for &#60; $50.)

- Very good for MP3 (need equalizer app to make it sound better)- Good when watching Youtube (only WiFi, not Virgin Mobile) or offline video.- News update is OK- For phone service it is OK- For Internet browsing, it is decent with WiFi (for Virgin Mobile service it won't load the page)- Battery is so so... Need to charge daily.- Screen is pixelated (of course not like iPhone) but decent

My father and mother in law loved these phones. Theyre just enough for someone who gets overwhelmed by too much technology.

I bought this for my son and he loves the phone, it makes me want to buy one for my self.but i just got a new one so i have to wait.its an excellent phone and works great

I'm always more interested in people's complaints so I'm only going to list those.  I did give the phone 5 stars because for the money, this phone blows away comparable products.  If I bought an iphone off contract I'd have to pay something like 5 times this much.  No way it's worth it.  Actually, I bought this with the intention of just using it as an mp3 player, a la Ipod Touch.  A new 32 GB Ipod touch is about $275.  I spent $80 to get this phone with a 32 GB memory card.  Is an Ipod Touch better?  Hell yes.  Is it 3-4 times better?  Hell freaking no.Anyway, now I'm using this as a phone with Google voice on the Ting network.  Gaming the system.  Check it out.On to the complaints:1) Slow processing speed - menus and apps move rather slowly compared to an iphone or newer samsung device.  Very high quality video (especially in Flash format) does not run well.  Plan on cycling power about once a day to get it to run smoothly.  But I still can watch movies on it like Blood Diamond and Silver Linings Playbook just fine and in good quality.2) You can't turn the noise off on the stupid camera.  For some reason, I found this infuriating.  But I did find an app called "UVA Silent Camera" that solved the problem.3) Poor battery life.  I haven't done tests to know if this is worse on other prepaid phones, but the standby time is not as good as the specs boast.  It gets me through the day, though.Other complaints I have are about the Android operating system itself (although overall, I like Android better than IOS or Windows) so it isn't fair to complain about them here.

Basically, it's worth the money. I'm feeling good in using it.Maybe due to lacking of signals, the cellphone run out of battery in about 24 hours.

This phone is better than any other VM phone, save the EVO. Even with custom roms, this stock is still much better.

The phone is great but i'm having a problem here, firstly, i wanted an unlocked phone and when i was searching  , i wrote down unlocked phones.I bought two of this phone and a blackberry 9310 but to my surprise, they are all CDMA and i can't use it here. So i want Amazon to tell me how i can return them for a GSM phone, i don't mind paying the difference.I'm expecting your reply in anticipation.

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE FOR MY BROTHER THINKING THAT IT IS A GOOD PHONE FOR HIM ONLY FOR ME TO TRAVEL TO NIGERIA WITH IT AND IT IS NOT FOR USE THERE. IT HAS NO PROVISION FOR SIMCARD, THEREFORE, IT WAS USELESS. I RETURNED BACK TO AMERICA WITH IT. PLEASE I WANT TO RETURN IT BACK FOR A BETTER PHONE. KINDLY ASSIST ME WITH THAT PLEASE. YOU CAN CALL ME ON 8625763641, THANK YOU,.

I love the phone I bought. I had the Sprint Evo and this one does just as much, but alot cheaper.

This phone took forever to power up.  I had repeated problems with it holding any charge at all and it finally died after only 4 months of minimal use.  What a waste of money and energy!!  I think I will go back to a basic cell phone without any of the bells and whistles of a smart phone.  Is it too late to get my money back?

Decent phone but the internet rarely would pick up service even when my husband has service on his phone(different)  The camera is good.  but the phone was slow sluggish.  I bought the samsung victory now

I got a decent price, I loved it at first but then it starts to freeze and get stuck. I have not dropped it so I am not sure why it acts this way. It has an amazing camera though.

I did NOT buy this phone from amazon . I still would love to make a review; For the price this is beyond Awsome !! Love it !!!! The phone alone is great. Since leaving apple i am a big android fan . The only thing this phone does not have that i wishhh it did is a front facing camera !! Next, The plan is great i mean if your not a huge talker.. and dont mind using google talk to make most of all your phone calls u will come out well just doing the $35 a month plan . However , im just doing my review on the phone i would DEF. recommend ! Takes great photos, easy to navigate, love the customization :) !!Thanks Virgin MOBILE 4 a great phone!!! NOW, what are you waiting for ? BUY IT !

I have had many phones but this one is far superior to any I have had the opportunity to have and the price was great also.

Lemon.  Worked for three months and the operating system went haywire.  Slows down to a snails crawl when charging.  Constantly reboots itself when charging.  Now it won't even go to the Home screen and instead reboots over and over.  Very disappointed.  I am going back to my LG Optimus V because it always works.  That thing survived a trip down a river inside a plastic bag and still works!

This phone is a MAJOR upgrade from the optimus slider. I was skeptical at first because of all the mixed reviews but I really NEEDED a phone so I decided to try it.  GLAD I DID!!! I'm in love with this phone.

The thing overheats itself searching for service, and won't turn back on unless you re-seat the battery. Speaking of battery -  it doesn't last that long regardless.Too bad, because otherwise it's a decent phone when it's working.

All my comparisons are based on a comparison of my last phone to this one.  My previous phone is a sprint HTC Evo 4g, which is kind of ancient as far as android phones goes, but overall is a nice phone.The Screen on this phone is smaller than what I am accustomed to which makes the keyboard kind of cramped.  This can be worked around by using the included swype keyboard.  Without swype, typing on this phone would be a miserable experience.  The screen has a relatively low resolution as well so there is some graininess to text and standard webpages are sometimes hard to view.  Not impossible, just not as nice as on my old screen.The sprint network provides service to virgin mobile and I have noticed no difference between my old phone and my new one.The interface on the phone is very snappy.  It fares better than my old phone as far as navigating the home screen , opening and closing apps and what not despite my old phone having a faster processor.  I don't play any games on this phone so I cannot attest to gaming performance, but normal web surfing and youtube do not seem to tax it at all.  Virgin mobile has a ID button right on the front which you can use to install profiles off backgrounds and apps and whatnot.  I personally don't use it.  The button cannot be reconfigured which is kind of a bummer.The phone itself seems to be pretty sturdy.  The back itself is hard plastic, so if you are the clumsy type you might want some manner of rubberized case.  This phone is very droppable.The camera is just ok.  It will not be replacing your point and shoot camera.Overall, I like this phone.  I wish the screen was a little nicer, but it was only $130 with no contract and only $37 bucks a month.Changed rating to four stars with price drop.  you can't expect any more for the money at $98 with no contract.

I have had the phone for about 2 months with no problems.  3G can be spotty outside metropolitan areas.  Phone coverage adequate with good reception. Battery needs to be recharged daily and keyboard can be a little difficult to use.

I bought this phone for my dad. He loves it! The phone does exactly what it's supposed to and works really well.

I adore this phone! I had the last version (the Optimus V), which I liked a lot, but it had very limited memory and the screen was really small. The Elite fixes both of those problems, with an updated version of Android and I noticed much less bloatware. If you're using Virgin it's probably to save money and avoid a contract, and you get all of that plus a pretty neat Android phone. Highly recommend this!

I really like this phone, I'm just not used to having to charge my phone twice a day. Battery only lasts about 3 hours if you are constantly using it. It freezes up occasionally, you then have to remove the battery and place it back in.

This was not a bad phone,it just wasn't what I wanted.It would drop calls,loose internet service.Was very slow at downloading.

I LOVE THE PHONE BUT I COULDN'T USE IT WITH MY SERVICE , I HAD TO HAVE A PAYLO PREPAID  PHONE

i had the optimus an decided to "upgrade" to the elite. the phone itself is an upgrade. better pic an bigger screen an alot faster but for some reason when u use the swype if freezes or will just start typing on its own. the screen freezes which is very frustrating since it is a touch screen. u have to hit the power/lock button on the top a few times to get it to work again. and then it will happen again an again an again. i actually got mad and threw my 3wk old phone against the wall. luckily i had the insurance so i got a new phone. i was hoping that it was just that one an i got a bad phone but my new one does the same thing an so does my wifes. have had these phones for a few months an cant wait to get new ones. would not recommend to anyone. but i should have known. u get what u pay for.

At first I was excited to purchase this phone. I previously was with Verizon and had a cheesy flip phone. The phone was brand new and inexpensive but it has been a disappointment ever since I took it out of the box. First, the headphone jack went out. I didn't care because I would use my bluetooth to talk if needed. Next, the phone seriously started to lag. I use my phone to talk on,text, email so I'm not getting a million updates on facebook,instagram or twitter. I use my phone as an actual phone, not a computer. It would shut off during conversations. The texting app would have to force close in the middle of use. This phone was the biggest hassle. Last week the screen started to go off. The phone never got wet or was dropped. It would flicker and come on. It finally went totally black and the 4 buttons on the bottom would illuminate. I could hear incoming calls and notifications but the screen would not turn on. Now the phone is completely dead. I thought maybe the battery was bad, but I got a new one and it did not work. I purchased this phone in February!!  The icing on the cake, LG's customer service is pitiful. They push out a POS phone and don't help their customers.Worst mistake ever. I will never buy another LG product. Buy the Galaxy or an Iphone.

Good phone for a midlevel smart phone. Great features and easy to use. Just wish it had a faster processor. Otherwise a great phone.

I've been using this phone for about 2 weeks now and I really like it considering what I paid.  My previous carrier was ATT, so I wasn't sure what to expect with the Sprint coverage in my area, but it has been good.  I'm on the Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk plan with unlimited text and 3g data (data possibly throttled after 2.5 gigs), and so far I'm happy with it.  Regarding the phone, there is a lot to like about it, starting with the exterior:  This phone is comparable in size, weight and thickness to an iphone 4, fits very nice in the hand or back pocket.  It has a 3.5 inch Corning Gorilla Glass Screen.  The pixel count is very similar to my iphone 3, not razor sharp like retina but I wouldn't expect it to be.  It has a rounded, textured back, which comes off to give you access to the SD slot and battery.Onto the operation of the device itself:  This uses an older version of Android, 2.3.7, which is an updated version of Gingerbread.  It also has an 800 Mhz processor, which is definitely not cutting edge.  These things might keep some people  away, but keep in mind, you can upgrade the launcher to give you ICS type features (ADW is what I use), and add a weather widget and you have a nice looking and user friendly setup.  If you are concerned about not being able to play the latest 1st person shooter games, you will probably be disappointed...this will probably not play them.  If however you are looking to play the occasional game with simple graphics, then this can handle it.  Also, the speed is not really that bad.  For example, when I'm in the Google play store looking at apps, and I click on the YouTube video, (Google switches from the Store to the YouTube player and starts playing the video) there is only about a 3 second wait between the time you click and the time the video starts playing, and plays without hiccups.  I think that's pretty good for a phone in this price range.  Also the camera for this price range is better than most: 5 MP camera with flash.  The speaker volume is good.  Other things to note: bluetooth version 4.6 and NFC are rare on a phone in this range.The battery is 1520 mAh.  (Considering that the Samsung Galaxy S II with 4g, 1.2 Ghz processor, 4.52 inch screen only has a 1800 mAh battery, I would say the 1520 in this is pretty good. :)  Couple that 1520 mAh battery with the 3.5 screen and 800 Mhz processor and you have a phone that can go all day and into the night without a charge if you follow my tips below.It will take a 32 GB memory card for music and such, and you can actually store programs on it using free software such as App Mgr III (App 2 SD).  You can't move programs that use the system or use widgets, such as 3rd party launchers or a weather widget, but most games, web browsers, reader software, etc. work fine from the SD card.  This is different from a Samsung that I tried a few months ago that would only let me put music and pictures on the SD card.All in all, I am very happy with this phone, with the Sprint coverage I am getting and with the money I am saving over ATT!Tips:  To save battery life, system memory and data usage, I go in and look at the settings for each software I download to see of they have a setting for automatic updating (stuff like Flipboard, my weather apps, email, and Pulse) and turned off the auto updates.  I also turned off automatic updating of my software thru the Google Play store.  This will save data/battery usage, plus I like to wait a few days before updating software to see if people are having problems with it.I advise you to download a good task killer, because there are some things that, when you stop using them, stay in resident memory even though they really don't need to.  That's not a big concern if the phone has a lot of operating RAM but this device only has 512 MB.  Most phones have at least 1 GB now, with some having 2 GB or more.  After you run the task killer, the software that NEEDS to be in resident memory (or apps that ASSUME you WANT them to) will restart, which in the case of the necessary things, is a GOOD thing.  There is a task killer widget built into TrustGo Security app (price: FREE), and it works well enough, and TrustGo will also give you some options to scan for malicious software, which is another item I highly recommend.Another free app I downloaded is Easy Task Killer Advanced.  It is a good task killer, plus it has a free battery widget (Easy Battery Saver) you can add to it.  The battery widget can optimize your battery usage in smart ways.  It has night time settings and other options, such as even turning off the data, wifi, etc. when the screen is off.  I have tested this and yes it works, so when the phone is in my back pocket it is just barely using battery.  Great software that I would pay for, but yes it's free.  :)I also downloaded a free app called Power Toggles.  With it I can create widget toolbars of switches and toggles.  The one I created has the following toggles: turn the camera flash off/on (for use as a flashlight), 3g data off/on, airplane mode off/on, bluetooth off/on, GPS off/on, wifi off/on, as well as two shortcuts...one to a screen dimmer that I downloaded and one to a little app that turns off background data syncing with Google.  Very handy for keeping my phone set up to use as little battery power as possible, such as game playing were I don't need any wifi or data at all.I keep the data off when I'm at home and have it set up to use wifi instead of data if there's wifi nearby that I've logged into in the past.  This will save a lot on battery usage if you are in an area where 3g might be spotty and the phone is using lots of battery power searching for a 3g data signal, plus will help keep you from getting to the 2.5 gig throttling stage.  The only caveat is that you have to turn 3g on if someone is texting you an MMS (picture, etc), but SMS (text only) does not need the 3g data.Okay that's all I have for now.  I'm new to Android, but I'm enjoying learning about how to work with it and optimize things.  If I find out more, I will add them to this review.  I hope you enjoyed and learned some new things.  :)

What can I say? Droid. I have done numerous things with this phone and all at the same time. I talk, play games and listen to my music in the background all at the same time! The best phone I have ever had in my life. It has been over clocked thanks to my son and had no problems. Had a back up for the system and returned it to factory settings and still no problem.  I guess there is this one thing: on occassion it  closes the  screen down while on a call  and will not  bring the screen back until call is fInished but not while I am playing a game or music simultaneously just on occassion all by it's self. I would most definetly recomend to all Amazonians.

I bought this phone for my 17 year old son.  The price was great, he loves the phone and it works great.

This phone was by far the best android I've owned with Virgin Mobile yet. For the price, it's a complete steal.

Just what I needed. the battery could last longer but cant complain about anything else.Video playback could be a little sharper picture.

came fast. was packaged great. would deal with them again. its works and i had no trouble getting it activated

Virgin Mobile's LG Optimus Elite is an android phone with a lot of features.  Besides the standard phone calls and texting, you can take still photos and videos, watch YouTube videos, download books, play games, read your e-mail, surf the internet, use Google maps, check Facebook, listen to music, use a calculator, check the news and weather, and much more.  The phone has a 3.5 inch Capactive touch screen, weighs 4.25 ounces, and measures 4 x 5 x 2.47 x 0.39 inches.  The 1520 mAh lithium-ion battery is rated for up to 7.2 hours of talk time and up to 10.5 days of standby time.After what turned out to be a disastrous experience with thePCD Venture Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile), I needed a new cell phone.  I've been very happy with the LG Optimus Elite.  It does everything well - I've had no problems making phone calls, texting, surfing the Internet, buying apps, taking pictures, watching videos, etc.  The sound is nice and crisp and I've had no problems with dropped calls.  The keyboard is a bit tiny and I take full advantage of the Voice Import voice recognition software that allows me not only to dictate text messages but surf the Internet, send e-mail, and more.  The camera/camcorder takes nice pictures.  The GPS is a nice bonus - I use a handheld GPS to do geocaching but it's nice having the GPS on the phone if I decide at the last moment to look for a geocache and I don't have my GPS with me.  The phone uses the Sprint 3G network and I've been pleased with how easy it is to use the internet on my phone - no matter where I am.  The battery lasts a long time - much longer than other cell phones I've had.The LG Optimus Elite is part of Virgin Mobile's Beyond Talk Plan (meaning I pay a monthly fee rather than topping up every three months) but there is no contract and it is a nice phone and well worth the monthly fee.

Great phone for the price.  Obviously not the fastest phone in the world but able to play games, watch netflix and provide navigation. Monthly plans through Virgin Mobile are the best deal IMO from all the other prepaid contracts that are out there.

Features from expensive phone are right there, very simple to use, manufactured loaded ring tones are amazing, I strongly recommended it.

This was my first phone its pretty cool it has a 5mp camera its 3g but still great it also has adobe flash player 11 wich android v4.0 and 4.1 don't have wich makes it a great phone.

Great phone with battery issue.  I have to charge the battery mid day with medium use of phone.  Good quality voice call but voice is hardly used.  Who use voice anymore  ??Virgin Mobile is great.  Why pay more with big phone companies ?

I like this phone when I first got it I wasn't quite sure but there were some bugs but they were easily fixed and now I the phone preforms great I haven't had any glitches and im very happy with my purchase

My only real issue I have  is that every once in a while it can freeze up but other than that I have it, and I use it, and its lasted me so I'm happy.

I got these for the kids as a cheap substitute for the ipod touch they wanted.  These are better and cheaper.  I also have this phone as a phone for myself.  Very happy with it.  Used to have an Optimus V which was terrible.  This one is much much much better than the Optimus V.

The phone worked well enough but the Virgin Mobile service is horrible.  The phone never worked in my home -- lack of signal and dropped calls made mostly to customer care.  I don't have a land line, so after 4 days I went back to T-Mobile.  Virgin Mobile would not give me a refund for any part of the month's "service."  The only time I ever saw all the bars light up on the phone was in the T-Mobile Store.Just be aware you are taking a real chance by using Virgin Mobile.Thank you Amazon for allowing me to return the phone and get a refund.

I have found my phone off one time every day though its battery is full. I really want to change it..but already activated.

Ok,bought this phone in place of a lg optimus v,Let me just say ,lots of room for apps and internet is really quick on wifi,3g is up in down but very good,clocked in at over a 1ghz processor,Did a test with the ipod touch 4g and lets just say in wifi ,this blows the ipod touch to pieces on processor speed.The screen is very good res and moves very fast.Had a hard time getting it activated ,but it is all worth it.GREATTTT PHONEEE ,LOVE ITTT

Bought this phone from radioshack and all worked well until...... About 3 months after owning it the phone began to perform noticeably slower and it also began getting hot around the battery area. From then on it just started getting worse and worse. The phone began getting so hot I was unable to touch any bear metal parts without getting burned. Soon after the phone completely  failed to perform anything useful. As soon as the phone turned on all apps failed to execute. Even the time was wrong. Don't waste $2 on this phone.

absolutely love this phone its just enough for everything that I need. Social networking, email, android marketplace, easy touch screen keyboard, accessibility, good looking phone for being a more affordable end smart phone, responsive ect. Its worth the price. I enjoy it and it was prompt on getting here! love this product and would recommend to a friend.

This product LG Optimus Elite is a nice and good quality cellphone.Good: -Using droid version 2.3.7 it works fine. A lot of apps can be load for free..- Wifi capable; 5M pix camera; support micro SD; 3G networkBad: Phone battey life is short. Need to charge the phone every day.

Great fon so far.  Much Better than the Blackberry!  My family likes Virgin Mobile I sure hope it meets my needs.

I love my new cell phone, except for the battery life. I have to charge it daily, or sometimes twice a day. But, as far as being a smartphone, this phone meets my expectations. The owners manual, is far to base. You have to go on-line to different forums just to find out how your cellphone operates. I am not a huge app person, so I have more than enough memory left on my phone. Once again, the phone is perfect for me.

it's a really good phone for the price. takes decent pictures and is fast and all that. i love it.

Christmas gift so I haven't opened it yet. My older son does have one however, and it is a great phone. Great price tag also!

I have a friend who bought this LG Optimus (VM) phone. His overheated & the battery life would run down overnight. He discovered that the phone radio was 24hr. searching stations & he set his for the airplane mode at night then the battery life use in the morning went from 80% to 10% & also never ran hot again. Don't know if this is an appropriate inclusion in the review section since it is based on my friend's experience, but it made a difference in my purchase of a phone.

this phone is light weight small and just crapy to use i would sell it but who would want a peice of garbage? verry dissatisfied

This has been a really great one and I'm very pleased with its functions and how well it works. I have had no problems with it and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for this type of phone.

I am really crazy about this phone. I have read several reviews on this phone and because there were several that gave it a rating of 1, I was pretty hesitant about making the purchase.  Then I realized that there many people like to complain about the smallest of things, so I went with the purchase.  Boy as I glad I did.The first stand out feature I am going to talk about is the one that I speak to me most.  I am not much of a typist on a type writer and surely not on the small key boards of a phone.  This phone has a swiping feature that is so cool.  All you do is slide your finger over the letters of the word you want to type.  The phone gives you a list of words to choose from, but during my use, the phone has picked the word I am looking for and it is already in place. Pretty darn impressive.The next really cool feature on this phone is it also has Wi-Fi.  At first I was wondering why in the world would I need Wi-Fi when this thing has 3G?  One of those features I am paying for but will never use, really?  I was so wrong.  In my house I am able to get 3G coverage every time I use the phone, but at work, it is a different story.  For whatever reason, many people have trouble getting a good signal there.  This is when the Wi-Fi feature comes in handy.  It is not as quick as 3G, but I can continue to do the things I need to do. Pretty darn cool.To close this review out, I am going to end it the way I probably should have started, by explaining why I was in the market for a new phone.  I started looking for a new phone because I wanted to get away from contracts.  After being with Sprint for 1.5 yrs I wanted to upgrade to a Note II.  They told me I could upgrade, but because I was upgrading too soon, I would have to pay an additional $100 dollars for the early upgrade.  That was in addition to the $300 I was willing to pay for the phone with a 2 yr commitment.  Otherwise I would have to wait a month and a half prior to the end of my contract, and then I could only pay the $300 for the phone with a 2 yr commitment.  I told my wife that it was crazy and that I was finished with contracts.  As much as I want to call them thieves I can't because we are actually volunteering to be taken advantage of.  It is not just Sprint, it is all of them.  Doing the math, that Note II would have cost me $2100.  Getting this Optimus Elite will cost me $1400 after two years, not to mention that I can change phones or stop service any time I want to without a huge financial penalty.  My wife has the Galaxy S3 and her job issued her an I Phone 4.  After seeing this phone, she said she was going to follow my lead once her contract is over.If you are one of those people who goes out and by a Kia and complains that is does not perform like a Jaguar, disregard this review, I was not talking to you!!!  I am a simple but practical guy.  If you are a simple but practical person, I would advise you to give this phone a try.  I really do not think you will be disappointed.  The only negative I would give this phone is the battery time.  I think it will be better once I can remember to turn the Blue-Tooth and Wi-Fi off when I am not using it.  By the way, there is nothing wrong with a Kia, I just gave Kia Amanti to my daughter as a graduation gift.  Would not have given it to her if it was not a quality car.

This is my first "smart" phone, and I'm absolutely amazed at it, especially considering the price. Does everything I wanted and way more.

vs optimus v, the only good thing is appearance. much slower, using internet is like in the dial-up era, signai is much weaker. stay with optimus v, mine dropped to hard floor, display is messed up.

I bought this phone to replace my optimus V which was ok, but a bit slow and heavy.  I like the size of the elite and have noticed that it is a lot faster (3g) than my v phone. I saw on a previous review that the processor was really a 1000mhz, not 800mhz as noted in the specs. I downloaded quantum to check this out, and I can verify the upgraded processor. Thus, far, no complaints and time to tell as to its durability.  I did buy the hard case for this phone and as the phone was a bit slipperly and small without the case, the case made the size just right for me.

Received product quickly in quality retail packaging. Activation was simple and quick (I did NOT port a number, just got a new one).Comparing to my previous phone, a Motorola Droid (original) -The good -- This phone is MUCH faster, you can tell when it's responding to opening programs, obtaining GPS navigation directions, really in every aspect- The phone's speaker (speaker phone) offers amazing clarity for what it is.- Since the speaker/speakerphone is so loud when it's turned all the way up, it makes for a better alarm than the Droid- The web (at least for me) is really quick to open, load - show search results, overall very pleased with browsing on this- Voice dictation/recognition works AWESOME - I'd say even a bit better than the Moto Droid, which was really great with this- The Battery seems to last longer, at least right now.  Even after messing with the phone, apps, downloads, etc. for about an hour the battery was still near full.- The phone's VERY light - would could actually be a bad thing (I could picture myself dropping it a little easier)Not so good -- The texting portion is a bit harder on this than on the Moto Droid - there are some minor things, but - it's also noted that most of these inconveniences will be overcome by using the phone more and getting more accustomed to it.  (For example on the Droid, exclamation mark, question mark, period, comma, etc - would be offered after every 'space' in case you wanted to end a sentence.. This phone requires me to press and hold on one of the letters to get the same result).  Not a huge deal, just slows me down a bit.ANOTHER IMPORTANT NOTE - When I was activating this phone w/Virgin Mobile, I was offered insurance on the phone for $5 a month.  They also mentioned the deductible would be 25 dollars, and I could redeem this twice a year.  I am noting this because it's CHEAPER than listed some places regarding Virgin mobile's insurance.For the price of the phone, and the plan - $50.00 a month for 1200 talk minutes, unlimited data and unlimited text - it's hard to feel 'taken' - it's a great feeling stepping away from the huge corporate "V".

If you're looking for a smart phone with no contract, options are limited. I did the research, and this worked best for my current needs. The phone's ok, but nothing special. The battery is very average.

While the LG Optimus Elite looks nice, you should shop for better options.  Being 3G by itself is not good for a cell phone, but this thing has been horrible.  I have had it less than a year and have had to replace both the battery and the phone once.  The battery cannot keep a charge, calls are constantly dropped, the data network is always searching for service and rarely works, and text messages sometimes don't get delivered for hours.  This phone is not worth the cost.  Look to a 4G or a smart phone instead of this thing.

I switched from the LG Optimus V which I did like, but I have found several things about the Elite that I like even more. Some if the things I love about this model: the flash on the camera, the option to record video that can be sent in a text message or email, more memory for more apps, the ability to take and send screen shots, the larger screen, better speaker for listening to music, videos etc.

I love this phone, considering I was upgrading from a lame feature phone, it's so very different.  I'm also pleasantly surprised with Virgin Mobile, cut my bill by more than 50%.  I was worried about learning to use the software, It's not as intimidating as I previously thought.  I'm not into specs or tinkering with the phone, again, it's my first smart phone.  I eventually want to upgrade to the iPhone 5 whenever it becomes available to Virgin. Overall, I think this is a great 'bridge' phone from LG.

I upgraded to a smartphone after having a crappy flip phone for a year while I was in between service providers. I decided to take the leap to the Optimus Elite for two reasons:1) I am a DSLR camera user, and I was psyched to have a camera that I could fit in my pocket and always have with me. My old smartphone, an HTC Hero, also had a 5MP camera and took great photos. I expected the same of the Optimus Elite. I've been sorely disappointed by every photo I've taken so far: blurry, grainy, out of focus, discolored, blech. I'm not sure if this is an LG issue or if this particular phone model just sucks camera-wise.2) I am a textaholic, and after suffering with a numerical keypad I was dying to get back to a QWERTY keyboard. My HTC Hero was slightly smaller than the Optimus Elite, and it had a great, responsive, easy to use keyboard. Again, I expected the same. Not at all. I am a petite woman with slim fingers, but for some reason, the Optimus Elite's keyboard is clunky and difficult to type on. Another big disappointment.For the price, this is a pretty decent smartphone, and after having Virgin Mobile for one month, I have no complaints as of yet (except for switching my old number to my new phone, what a nightmare!). Overall I am satisfied with it, but since the camera and the keyboard were my main reasons for getting another smartphone, I have to give it only three stars. I'm pretty sure I won't find a comparable phone for the same price, though, so for now it'll do.

This was pretty much one of the best i could find for a straight talk phone.  It was a gift for my mom in law for xmas.  It's her first smartphone, has most of the same features as most android phones.  She used up her memory on apps pretty fast and had to weed some of them out, but she seems to really like it.  Older android version but the best that you can get with this sort of phone service.  I seems that most of the straight talks have older versions, but they still work just as well.

This phone is great works good better than my htc one v that phone suck hate it plus had the jay lano chin ewww nasty lol but yea get this phone is a good phone :D

Got this phone for my daughter's 14th birthday and it has proven to be a very popular choice.  It enables her to keep up with the teenage Joneses, while at the same time sticking with the prepaid phone plan that keeps Mom & Dad happy.

i love this phone and it look so nice too but i want to if this phone use sim card??

I am so happy with this phone.The battery isnt so bad or the best but it last me like 7 hours with light use of course if you on you tube or listening to music or on the web the battety is going to drained faster. i used to have the lg esteem from metro pcs that phone was horrible so with this one im just soooo happy lol it has everything i need not so big and heavy is very light. the camera is decent with flash, and for the people who wants a silent shutter you can dowload from the market this app called angel camera. anyways i recommend this to everyone.

This is the second time I have had this phone. I liked the layout of the system, and the phone itself is really durable.Unfortunately, I did not have the same luck on round 2.When I went to set my phone up, it was brought to my attention that it was a used device (not that I care, except for the price I paid for a NEW phone).I have now been on the phone with customer support for almost 2 hours trying to activate my phone (not counting the hour and a half I spent last night talking with them). Note to Future self: buying phones off of the internet means used phone.Overall, however... I recommend the phone to Android lovers.... but next time, pay the extra five bucks to purchase it directly from the VM website.

I bought this phone as a less expensive replacement to a broken HTC. For the price this in an okay phone, the first thing I noticed it the phone is very light weight, so much so it almost feels cheap. The screen is a bit small at 3.5&#34; but then the phone fits in my pocket better than my larger phone, so that is a plus.I had a small issue with the phone rebooting, it seems some of the live wallpapers may interfere with waking the phone back up.Overall the phone is ok, but I wish I had spent the extra money for another HTC.

I really like this phone! i can download hundreds of useful apps and it is at a very reasonable price. the shipping time was perfect and everything was in perfect condition.

I purchased this for my daughter and she seems to like it.  She did comment that she wished it had front facing camera and wasn't able to get onto Instagram for some reason.

I ordered this phone as an "upgrade" from an Optimus V after the V was stolen. (Can you believe that, way would anyone steal an Optimus V?) and have had nothing but problems with the phone since I got it two weeks ago.  The manual says you can add up to a 32gb sd card but my phone will not mount any sd card and I have tried different cards thinking that the card might have been bad, nope, not the card it's the phone.  Phone has a weird internal memory which it seems to think is the sd card or at least it behaves that way.  Everything on the phone has been slow to open since I got it and after spending the time to set up the Menu screens the way I wanted them the phone just wiped everything I did at random one day when I powered it on. Now I can not get it to download any apps at all and it locks up every time I go to the settings menu.  The Optimus Elite settings say I have the most recent software update so there is no "fix" to be found there and VM is not very good at pushing updates for their phones anyway. I am not a power user, if I was I would go for a much better, more expensive phone but this model is not an "upgrade" at all from my old Optimus V, which was no speed demon but never failed me.  I just want a phone to work well as a phone, let me download a few apps for productivity and a couple games, listen to some music occasionally.  The Optimus Elite is not that phone, I would not recommend this model to anyone after all the problems I have had with it, I am returning it.

My wife had the previous year's model and it was good so I got this one for myself.  It has a flash for the camera.  Have had no trouble with it at all.

The phone itself was a good size and not too heavy. Initially it worked really well but then seemed to force close applications all the time. It eventually accidentally got water damage and I replaced it with a different Virgin Mobile phone. Would not purchase again but it was okay while it lasted.

I've had this phone for a week so far and Its really awsome! definetly an upgrade from my lg optimus V. I really like the screen size, camera, audio, apps..its an all around great smartphone.

This is a pretty good phone rendered useless by awful service and atrocious customer service. Don't let the low monthly plans fool you, VM is without a doubt one of the worst carriers in the wireless business today. Two cans and a string would be better.

I owned the Lg Optimus V and loved it for a year and then upgraded to the Motorola Triumph.  I liked the Triumph alot but I had some minor problems with it shutting down unexpectedly even though the battery was charged.  Needless to say,  I returned it and the store did not have another Triumph in stock that day.  I went ahead and bought the LG Optimus Elite since I wanted a phone immediately and I had had great experience with LG.  As soon as I tried out the LG Optimus Elite I LOVED IT!!!!  It was super smooth & fast!  It also resembles the iphone alot.  My friend saw it on the table and asked if I had switched from Android to Apple!  I said nope, it's my new awesome phone!! I am sooooo happy the Triumph gave me problems or else I would have not tried the LG Optimus Elite!  I am very happy with this phone!

Cellphone coverage in my hilly, rural area is spotty at best, my house is in a dead zone and I didn't want to pay the high monthly costs for a plan and phone from Verizon, AT&T or Sprint when I still have to lay out for a landline, too.  Yet I wanted a smartphone for when I'm out and about.  I first upgraded to an LG Optimus V, but it didn't last long after a full immersion in a lake.  This Optimus Elite is a very nice phone for the price, I like it better than the Optimus V, and it appears to be better at capturing a signal.

You have flash to take pictures! Download tons of apps and surf the net! Download mp3songs. Great phone! Cant complain.

This phone has more storage mass than the htc wildfire. I has 8 apps on this phone. I couldn't hold that many apps on the htc wildfire. The speaker is awesome, the syncing is always on point.

Ordered this phone to replace the LG Optimus V. It is rock solid and easy to use. I am not really into videos or music streaming but, if you want to text, email, make and receive calls, you can't go wrong. I had a HTC One V that died after three months, loved the Ice Cream Sandwich OS on that one but, signal strength was an issue. The OS is the best by far however, the phone would lose service constantly. The Elite uses (Gingerbread) and lacks some of the settings and controls. If you could upgrade this phone to (Ice Cream Sandwich) it would be as close to the perfect phone as you could get. So far, no real complaints. Pairs well and works well with Ford Sync and Voyager Pro head set. Email works flawlessly and voice to text is almost as good as the HTC One V. Signal strength is much better and has not lost service since it has been activated. I highly recommend this phone for the basic user that demands simplicity and is looking for a solid call, text, email device.One last thing, The battery life on this phone is awesome. The Optimus One V was acceptable and the HTC One V was horrible. Keep in mind, the HTC battery is internal and not easily replaced, had to charge the phone multiple times during the day. The LG Elite still has approximately 25% battery left after 16 hours off the charger for me.

With Amazon Prime and the app SipDroid, you can get virtually unlimited calls, access to virtually unlimited calling, streaming music, a camera, a camcorder, GPS Navigation, Wi-Fi & more. It also synchs with your google e-mail, calendar, wallet, etc.With the Current Virgin Mobile plans (as of today 6/28/12) you only have to pay $35 for 300 minutes + unlimited data and texting. With apps like SipDroid, you can make your calls using VoIP anywhere there is Wi-Fi (or even 3G if you don't mind some delay). And with no contract on Virgin, you aren't tied down for 2+ years.....

My wife bought this phone for me for my birthday.  The phone is fine, but Virgin Mobile is HORRIBLE.  Even though I had my phone set for auto pay they would text me multiple times every month between 2AM-4AM telling me it was time for my monthly payment.  If the phone was on, it would wake me up.  I spent six months dealing with customer service trying to get them to stop it.  They would hang up on me.  They would say they would get back to me and would not.  They finally said that there is no way to turn off these Virgin middle of the night texts unless I wanted to turn off all texting.  I am changing service, and will never go back to Virgin again.  If you want to be hounded constantly, or if you hate a good night sleep, Virign is the company for you!  Maybe I will call Richard Branson this morning...at about 3:21AM.

I've had this phone for a little over a year and a half. It's great with games and apps, I have about 15 apps on my phone, I don't use it for music so I don't know about that. The battery is not very good, when I'm on it a lot I'll charge it twice a day. But it isn't usually a problem for me. Video's load up good. I'm looking to get a new phone simply because it is getting a little out dated. I like the size, I've been asked a lot if it's an Iphone, I don't know how they think that but people do.Overall good buy!

Terrible phone especially if coming from a higher end phone/iphone/droid. Phone freezes often and will double text any words you text. Facebook application can never connect to the interest for some reason. Internet on the phone is terrible! 5minutes to load pages. Drops calls very often. I would say stay away from this and pay 50$ more for the HTC one.

This phone is one of the better phones that I have had, and definitely the best for the price. I recently had my Motorola Photon stolen and saw this one was well priced so I decided to get it. First off, it is shipping almost consistently with a 1 GHz processor so it is really super fast. It isn't dual core or anything, but for most games and Google Maps, you won't need more than this phone has. The battery life is also amazing. I haven't had to do any tweaking and it was still at 73 percent after 10 hours of mixed use. It doesn't have a front facing camera, but honestly I dont miss it. It does seem silly to have a mirror on the back without a dedicated camera key, but if you position your finger over the shutter button, then flip the phone, you can still get self shots if you want them.The only thing I do not like is the case does get banged up a bit easily. It is entirely plastic, which makes it very light, but also means it dents easily. I have 2 small depressions on the back and 1 on the side, granted one was because it fell on the sharp edge of a MacBook. Basically, look for cases on Amazon or online because most stores don't have any or at least not a good selection since the phone is so new.If you want a good entry-mid level Android phone with great battery life and features, get this phone.

and he likes it.  I would like it if I had the service.  Unfortunately, I am in an area where not much is available, and I am waiting for good phone and internet to come out this way.

Given as a gift, my hubby seems to really like it and gets better service than his previous phone.  It's so compact and lightweight.  I would consider getting my own when I need a new phone.

I have this Phone its amazing for the price. I have had mine for nearly a year and still dont have a sd card in it and plenty of apps to enjoy.The Phone is slim and easy for a pocket to carry at work. FANTASTIC PHONE

I have owned 4 of these for a year now and I'm very very happy I switched from my Optimus V to this.  The Optimus V gave me trouble every day.  The Optimus Elite is very stable and has not required use of the warranty even once.Things you should do:- Get a case (the plastic back on this phone is slippery)- Get a screen protector (at least the cheap plastic ones)- Get the 'Minutes Checker Free' app to check your minutes from your phone- Love your new Optimus Elite :)

I chose this phone as my first smart phone and am happy with it. It's not the fastest phone on the block when surfing the web but it gets the job done. I found it to be intuitive and user friendly. My only issue is with the keyboard, but I'd have this issue with any virtual keyboard this size. Pretty much what you'd expect with somebody in their 40's learning how to use a smart phone. All in all I'm happy, especially when you consider that somebody with a $700 HTC phone mentions how smoothly it scrolls, etc when compared to theirs.Edit: The above phone lasted me maybe 10 months before the battery went south (read: the phone died). I purchased the exact same phone to replace the above mentioned phone. It lasted... wait for it... 1 day beyond the return date with the same problem. I contacted Amazon and was happy to hear that they would indeed allow me to return the Optimus Elite phone. I am now awaiting the arrival of Samsung Galaxy Reverb with newer OS.

We bought this phone for my dad's 60th birthday.  It was hard to get him to give up his flip phone, but he loves it and has easily taken 100 pictures.

Phone is horrible.  Do not recommend.  Cheaper price yes, but worth it NO.  Missing calls constantly.  Doesn't even show "missed call", just a voicemail.  Very slow to download.  And reception is frustrating.  Half the time cannot get a signal.

Pros1.Bigger screen-More noticeable than I expected, since it's only .3 inch larger on paper. Typing is slightly better, but still difficult in portrait mode. Feels more colorful and vibrant, but that could be just me(maybe I'm under "my phone's new wohoo" hallucination mode). Resolution is same as V.2.Better processor/OS-200Mhz higher and gingerbread 2.3(OV is 2.2). Lot less lags in apps.  Can handle desktop websites better(with some lags) with flash(Wifi recommended). Autoswitching between landscape and portrait is lot faster than V, so I actually turned it on unlike V. Big improvement in video playback. I didn't need to download additional codecs to play unconverted videos.3.Flash support-Phone's not powerful enough to handle big sites like dailyshow/colbert/etc in high resolutions(frozen video with audios only), but it managed to handle South Park, videogame sites, etc. Recommended on Wifi connection only.4.Slimmer design-Expected it to be no big deal for me, but once I held it I can definitely feel the slimness of it compare to V.5.Better camera-5 megapixel vs 3, with LED flash support. Flash is bright enough to take good pictures in dark settings(in-doors anyway), and camera autofocuses during the camera mode(or you can focus manually by touching the screen). V autofocused after pressing the shutter button, so Elite takes pictures 3~ times faster. It's almost instantaneous. Also has micro mirror for self-portrait.6.Bigger storage for apps- 900mb~ solely for apps. Even more space if you move your apps(apps that support app2SD).7.Better/louder sound-Sound is coming out of the speaker where you listen in phone conversation(I don't know what it's called. Earspeaker?). It's louder, and more importantly(for me anyway), you can listen to music while the phone is facing up. OV's sound output was on the rear side, so often times, I either put V facedown or leaned it somewhere to hear it in full volume. No more with Elite.8.GPS-Locates me faster than V. Google Map is way smoother than V.9.Supports more 3D games-They're on PlayStore. Haven't tested them since I don't care for them, but they're there unlike V.10.Faster MicroSD speed-Loads up pictures and videos way faster than V.11.NFC support-Paypass creditcard. It might come in handy if I forget my wallet at home, but not many stores actually have Paypass. I've seen some at Mcdonald and gas stations.Cons1.Shorter battery life-This may be YMMV, possibly depending on what apps you downloaded. I'm using mostly the same apps I used on V, and battery life seems 1.5/2 times worse on Elite. Without JuiceDefender, Elite sucks up 3-6% per hour during standby. V usually used up 10~% per hour with 3g/wifi, while Elite is using 15-20% per hour. Now I'm using Elite with JD, and everything turned off(even location data and background data).2.No tethering. Don't download any tethering apps/widgets. There have been reports that phone will give permanent data error, forcing users to reset the phone via Virgin Mobile customer service. V supported apps like Foxfi(which I will miss since I comboed it with my tablet).3.Volume buttons-Twice smaller than V, and they're on opposite side. Hard to get used to.4.3G doesn't reconnect as fast as V, making JuiceDefender little annoying to use. Maybe I wasn't getting good reception. YMMV.Neutrals1.Speedtest-No noticeable difference. Typical Sprint speed. YMMV.2.Physical design-Rear battery cover is plastic(V was rubberish), making it bit slippery to hold onto from time to time. This combined with front touch buttons(V was physical buttons), occasionally I end up touching the front buttons by accident. YMMV. Also, no dedicated camera button. Tiny mirror next to camera lense makes it easier for selfportrait picture, but no dedicated camera button found on V kind of cancels the mirror benefit.3.Haven't found a way to turn off shutter sound while taking pictures. Silent mode/media volume won't do anything, so this is bad for those who want to take pictures without alerting others.Final thoughtsFeels and performs like higher-end phone compare to V, right down to worse battery life. I honestly can't recommend it to all Virgin Mobile users though because everyone's in different situation. There are those who want to keep $25 grandfathered plan(which this phone doesn't qualify anymore). There will be HTC Evo V/3D shortly, which has twice better specs at twice the cost. Sprint 4G/Wimax doesn't have good coverage for those who are interested in upgrading to HTC Evo/$35 a month plan.PS-English is my second language so go easy on the grammar please. This review was coming from nonrooter.

I've had 10 all had data problems freezing up when go to web cite freek out virgin wouldn't exstag as their policy seas thy sead there's no eqwevelnt in their line up don't by ZTE aka Kyocera phones buy HTC Motorola Samsung LG

I have had the Optimus V for a couple of years and wanted to upgrade but keep my grandfathered plan.  The Optimus Elite kept the grandfathered plan!  I will write this review from Optimus V to Optimus Elite.1.  I really wanted to have the App LINE which allows text messaging on wifi and 3G from phone to phone.  The OptV didn't have enough resources/speed to do this.  The OptE runs it perfect.2.  I ran out of space with the OptV.  I have all the Apps I want on the OptE without any "optimizing" and still have 546mb internal memory left.  The OptV had only 177mb when empty.3.  I think the screen on the OptE is way better.  I can actually see details on facebook picts.  The OptE's screen is much better resolution and even though the size grew by only .3 inches, it seems much bigger.4.  Battery Life.  I think the OptE has better/same battery life.  Just be sure to change the settings on email/facebook to check for content 1hr email, 4hr for facebook.  This seems to make the battery last much longer.5.  There are games you can't play on the OptV but play well on the OptE like CastleTD.6.  Overall, I really like the OptE and if you have the grandfathered plan, there really is no reason to suffer with the OptV.  The Android 2.3.7 is much smoother than 2.2 and seems cleaner too.  Also, the OptV is clunky and old looking, the OptE is very slim and modern looking.

Upon recieving the Cell Phone, My Son was so Happy, And it was in good shape and worked very well. Unfortunatly, my son only had it for two-weeks, because someone in His Gymn Class stole it. But we were very Please with the phone itself. Thank You,

Purchased this phone as a replacement of my HTC one. It works great. I love the fact that you can take out the battery. Nice features. Only down fall would be that I took it out and left it in my car during the heat wave and moisture got into the phone. Which damaged it so I was once again phoneless.

I did not have a good experience with this phone.Returned it, as the battery overheated and auto shut the phone. Even after turning off ALL APPS, the battery still overheated and shut the phone. Maybe it was just a bad piece i received.

A year ago, this was a good choice on the Virgin network.  But now Virgin has already converted half its network to 4G LTE with data speeds ten times faster than its old network.  A year from now, Virgin will have 4G LTE in every major city in America and 3G phones will be left out.  Except as paperweights.Take a look at Virgin's new LTE speed phones, such as the LG F3 4G LTE.

This is a good phone in this locality.  We can't always get tower when we travel.  Battery life is average.

First phone was not working correctly and would not shut off and kept re-staring over and over again. Returned for replacement and 2nd one works like a charm. Lightweigh, easy to use, screen a bit small but knew that going in but just the right size for me. A 5 inch screen is nice but I would not carry such a big thing around in my pocket so this is nice and portable enough that I take it with me.Virgin mobile is great, good service, been with them for years and have several accounts. best bang for buck.may downgrade this to 3 stars due to poor battery life. After only about 5 hours its down to half a bar on the battery with little to no use, wi-fi/gps turned off etc. will keep an eye on the battery life.

I was so excited to get with the times and get a smart phone, but not wanting to spend $200+ I opted for this LG.  I don't mind the phone, when it works it does what it's supposed to.  What I don't like about it is- it's wiped out all my contacts twice in the past 1.5 years, it does goofy things like turn itself on and off out of the blue, response time when touching an icon is slow which may be processor related, if you keep your music on an external card and set a song as a ringtone it will revert back to a default ringtone when turned off, and the battery isn't the greatest (unless you turn off data and all other features).  It wouldn't make a phone call in 5 tries the other day, put the phone down and a few minutes later it made a random call on it's own.  I do not recommend this phone unless you don't mind dealing with all it's issues.

I bought this phone on amazon, however they sent me the wrong phone, which i returned and ended up buying in store.  Great Phone, easy to understand, no freezing although there are times when service is dropped in a slightly wooded area even though other vm phones had service there.  Other than that its great.  This product MIGHT be cheaper at your local radio shack (mine was by $20).  Has lots of memory storage and a place for SD card.  All apps are saved to phone, and you cannot switch to SD card, but there's enough internal memory to download a lot of apps. where as pictures and media are automatically saved to sd card.
