
I've had the phone a couple weeks now, long enough to find the flaws and find what I love about this phone. 1st let me say that the phones style and accessibility are great. The performance not so much. The phone struggles with multiple programs, lags and also hangs up constantly on people because the sensor doesn't recognize your face hitting the screen timely enough causing you to hang up on your call. The processor is inadequate for all of the functions you will want to do and this will easily irritate you if you like to listen to music, search for something online and try to do multiple tasks. Now the good, The overall concept is refreshing and very stylish, I love everything about this phone accept for the speed. I will be upgrading to the Experia S most definitely and wish I would a bought the S instead of the U. This phone is PERFECT for light users but for the heavy phone user stay away.

This phone is one of the greatest between specs and price.It's like a mini Xperia S, and all it specs are very similar to SGS 2:Xperia UCPU Dual-core 1 GHz Cortex-A9GPU Mali-400MPSGS2CPU  Dual-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A9GPU  Mali-400MPAND THE PRICE IS BETTER THAN THE SGS2

I just love this phone. Not only is it compact its also well priced and has some good features. The only possible drawback is the inability to load a SD card. I did the upgrade to Android 4.04 and unfortunately that killed the flash player. Unfortunately there seems to be no way to get the flash player back.

It is a high quality phone has two cameras one front and one excellent quality Backside connection quality of internet phone is excellent

I have no phone again. I just bought this phone 3 months ago, and I cant use it anymore. DON'T EVER LET THE BATTERY DISCHARGE COMPLETELY AS YOU WILL NEED TO CHARGE IT 24 HOURS OR MORE BEFORE YOU CAN USE YOUR PHONE AGAIN, if you dare to buy this phone. You need to have an emergency phone, otherwise you will have no communication for 1 to 2 days. I suffered that for the first 3 months. Now, my battery is gone completely. It's been charging continously for 4 days and still dead. So dissapointing. Anyway, the phone is niec when it works but soon turns too slow. I'm sorry I lost my money :-(  I hope SONY now does something for me, otherwise it will be a lot of money thrown away!!! The seller cant do anything after 30 days.

the phone is very nice, I like the designe, camera and how it looks like. but it's a little bit slow, sometime it get slow. And since this phone is a dual core it should be fast, or at least acceptable

Before this phone I had the Xperia Ray which I loved, but I wanted to try this one so I bought it and I'm really happy with it. The design is great and it's really fast and responsive (It has a dual core processor). I'm a heavy user and so far the only thing that I wish it would be better on this phone is the quality on the videos. It's not bad but they look really pixelated I don't know why but I have a dedicated point and shoot camera which takes great videos and photos so It's not a big deal for me. If you use a lot of space for music and movies you should buy another phone with an SD card slot because this has only 8 gigs (Xperia Ray is in the same price range and has SD card). 4 gigs for the phone and apps and 4gigs for your music, photos, etc. I don't use a lot of space that's why I decided to buy it and so far it's great! Really fast and responsive and once it gets Ice Cream Sandwich it will be better. If you're looking for a budget phone this is THE BEST you will find.BUY IF:-You want to try a great android phone.-You want the best unlocked smartphone for under 300.-You don't need more than 4 gig of space for music and photos.-You want a fast and reliable phone-You want a great phone with front facing and rear camera.DO NOT BUY IF:-You want more than 4 gig of space for music and photos.-You care a lot about high quality videos.PROS:-Great design-Good size-Screen is crisp and bright-Dual core processor-really fast and responsive-Sony keyboard is one of the best I've used. It has swype function.-2 cameras: Front and back-LED flash-GPS-Battery life is great.CONS:-only 8 gigs of space-Low quality videos-Speaker doesn't work with google hangouts I don't know why.EDIT Jul.3.12 :1. I think I was a little harsh as far as video quality goes. It's not that "low quality". It's standard but some pixelation and artefacts make it look bad. Search in youtube for "xperia u video sample" and you'll see it in action.2. I have had a problem with Google+ Hangouts where the loud speaker is really, really low. The loudspeaker works great for everything other than Google+ Hangouts so if you want this phone for hangouts I don't recommend it unless the 2 I got where  defective. I guess you could buy it and if it doesn't work you can return it.

Nice smartphone, cool design, but I don't recommend the update Ice Cream Sandwich android OS. It work good with Android 2.3

I have it since December and except the freezing or the slow loading that happens when you have many apps open at the same time, it is a really good phone and i absolutely love it!

....being the camera the only reason why I don't rate it 5 stars-- 'couse I really LOVE this pretty smart phone very very much. Design, quality, appearance, over all performance, weight, etc, etc: everything is perfect except only for the camera performance on little light surrounding conditions--say any picture taken anytime sun is gone will be a poor quality-full of grains kind of-picture; but, but--on the other end at day time, when having normal sunlight brightness pictures taken will be-I could say it that way-crystal clear!..lot of compliments!--everyone likes this phone!!!

Minus 1 star for not getting the extra bottom cap.Like the phone but was expecting the additional bottom cap. Thought all purchases of this phone would come with them regardless of the seller. I do prefer the bottom black cap (which I got) but my purchase promised two caps.Would have been 5 stars if the seller had not mention that I would also receive an additional bottom cap.But for what it's worth, great phone so far, classy yet simple, right size for me. I like to keep things simple and productive.

This cell phone has a great design, it's light and easy to use. But you can't use a memory card in this cell phone.

At first this phone was a dream. But within a few months it slowed down and then just started sticking. The touchscreen is barely responsive and won't even allow me to answer calls. I have to resort to calling back people making my phone bill higher than it should be and even calling takes forever! I have to wait a full minute or to for the call to actually go through (and NO it's not my service provider!) Only thing going for this phone still for me its Android OS and the picture quality. Disappointed.

I chose a 5-star rating because this phone is seriously the best phone I have ever owned. The style of it is so cool! The clear silver-white line towards the bottom of the phone lights up different colors. It is so easy to use for a smart phone and the accessories that you can find for it are so cool and unique! This phone is great for anyone who knows the basics of any kind of cell phone!

El producto salio muy bueno, con todo lo necesario en tecnologia a mano, nada malo que decir, tal cual yo lo queria lo recomiendo 100%, gracias.

Nice phone, good touchscreen, great battery life.  My only complaint is that the gps sensor seems not as good as other phones I've owned in the past.  it takes a very long time to locate my position, and with apps like jogtracker it may never find my position during the duration of the run.  I assume this is a problem with the phone and not the service, I use T mobile.

I was impressed with how quickly this product arrived at my house, was estimated to reach between day 31 and day 4 and arrived today, 28! I loved it!

I ordered my new Sony Xperia U (ST25i) model on December 31 2012, and received it on January 2,2013, I am very impressed with the Seller and with the fast shipping! I highly recommend this seller because I have trust in him or her and If i'm going to buy another product I definitely will buy from this seller again. The phone I ordered came brand new, unopened, factory sealed, i'm very satisfied and happy with the product. The Sony phone works very good I had it for almost a week now and I use it for hours and hours every day I have no complaints at all with this Sony phone. I chose Sony because my family and I have a lot of Sony products for generations and we trust the Sony brand for their excellent product quality and design so thats why I got the Sony Xperia U phone. The phone has everything I wanted: has a built in GPS reciver, and on a good day it will lock to the satellites within one minute or so (make sure you enable it under settings for it to work. No internet needed), has a very good camera no complaints it takes very good pictures if you mess around with the exposure levels and set it to max 5MP pictures. At night will have some noise but its not that bad, The sound is very good also, it's loud and clear, the phone's microphone is also very clear i tried it with a sound recorder set on high quality and did a very good job, the small down side to the phone is it has no SD Card slot on it and only has built in Flash memory 8Gb and for the user partion it has only 4GB usable which is not bad for me since I have some songs, pictures and other useful media for me it does me good and have plenty of space, the battery life should last you up-to a day if your surfing the web listing to music and looking at some pictures and video with wifi on only but it may vary. Overall the battery life is pretty good I rate the battery life 4 out of 5 stars. Overall I rate this phone 5 out of 5 stars and iam very very happy with the phone and I would recommend it to any one for a good price, excellent brand and for a very good quality phone.

I constantly lose calls because the screen is to sensitive . I am constantly hanging up on calls ..quie a bother

My boyfriend wanted a small smart phone so I got him this one for his birthday! It's fast and the screen is very clear! We are surprised how amazing the camera is! Great voice quality too. The color light bar is a fun toy; it changes color depending on what color is on the display.If you want a smaller smart phone, this might be just the one.

as the title says.. a brand new unlocked xperia u phone, its fast (dual core) have a nice finish, its light , you can install all the new social apps like bbm, line, whatsapp, all games runs ok with no lagging, it came with android gingerbread 2.3 and you can easily update the phone to ice cream sandwich 4.0.4 with sony companion its a pc software with the upgrade the phone runs faster,great shop.para los venezolanos hay que agregar manualmente el apn (internet.movistar.ve) los de movilnet y digitel estan en google, esto es para que las aplicaciones como line y bbm envien mensajes

I'ts an Exellent cellphone, i boght it unlock because I live in Venezuela and i Put GSM Line Movilnet  and it works perfectly, is a very attractive model and works great. I was delighted with my purchase cell product.The X Peria U is 100% recommended.

The phone is awesome... very nice design(good size and lightweight), really fast and responsive (1 Ghz Dual core procesor, 512 Ram), the sound quality is fantastic (Xloud, equalizer), high quality display (Mobil Bravia Engine, 3.5", capacitive, multi touch), good rear camera (5 Mpx), standard front camera, WiFi, 3G without problem in Venezuela, OS 2.3.7 (Gingerbread)works perfectly, and very good battery..... only 8GB memory (2GB not usable, 2GB for aplications and 4GB for music, videos, pictures, etc...), don't have micro sd slotVeredict: Excellent Android Phone, not expansive (under 260$), SONY quality... it's perfect if you don't need a lot space for storageIt's came witn a white bottom cap, charger, charger adaptor, stereo headset, display protector, manualsSony Xperia U St25i (Black+ 1 Additional Bottom Cap)(5MP): Brand New Unlocked GSM Phone

When I first received this phone, it was brand new! Seriously it was nicely packed in this little box came with the phone, charger, sim card adapter, screen protected, earphones, and a manuel.  It was really easy to turn on and simple to use. It comes with a black and a white cover cap. The appearance of the fun is just so cute I have received so many compliments on it.  The camara is OKAY! It's not all that.  I have installed an app as a camara that works much better no big deal. It has internal storage,  but has slot of space if you don't use much. Overall it's s great phone really recommend it!

actually I dont want to buy and I want to do return but my son was at home and he got the phone  opened and love it he said I want to keep it than he keep it it is very good

I purchased this phone when my phone broke and I could not get another one through my carrier. This phone lasted me about 3.5 months before it turned off and would not turn back on. Also when the phone was operating correctly I could not access any internet functions unless it was connect to wifi. Just pay the early upgrade fee ! Don't purchase this phone!

It was a chritsmas gift for my 12 year old daughter, and she loves it. The xperia is fast, cute, light, it`s perfect for a little girl. The best phone you can buy for $200.But, after 6 months, I have a serious software problem, the phone doesn`t respond and I starting to worry.I`ll update this.

Umm first about the product, well with the exception of small size, not extensive battery and also gettin hanged very often. This mobile is awesome... with that much of money in hand its an exceptional choice...

So the phone came very quickly. Despite being very nice with a bright screen and great processor speed on wifi, it didn't work on the T-Mobile frequencies. So I was stuck to EDGE 2G speeds, unfortunately. I ended up returning the phone 2 days after I got it...

Hi Guys,No problem from the seller or the product, but Sony after-sells service STINKS...big time. 3 months after they were supposed to release ICS, never received it. So contacted Sony customer service in good faith and of course got their standard reply to be 'a little patient' !! Another 3 months later, still no update. NEVER NEVER NEVER going to buy another Sony product ever. This is the way they treat their customers after they are done with the sales. I'd rather buy a cheap chinese phone and actually get the update as promised!

excellent, i love this cell phone, thanks, i hope buy in the next time for a good price, see you

Needed a phone my dog bite my old one so liked so far . Recommended to anyone who wants quality

This was a Christmas Gift for my spouse. One of his complaints is he is unable to see multimedia in his text messages which makes the phone useless to him. There may be a way to see but it isn't a simple click which makes this phone a dud.  Complaint 2, he has AT&T and was told he has to upgrade this internet service to 4g, otherwise his internet will not work on the phone.

baterry after 13 mons no work, beffore 4 h baterry low . I meek new order beffore 1 mons for baterry

It is a great great cell phone with a very good price. The xperia is fast, cute and light. it works realy good in Venezuela with Digitel. I love it because his size and the light that change the color. The operative sistem is very well for a phone of low range, takes great pictures. The only negative is that it does not have space for external memory, however is not somthing limitng because his internal memory is 8gb. I have more than 1000 pictures, 200 songs, several apps and it work fine.  I love it!

PROSthe phone was delivered quicklywell packageddisplay is very clearplays loudlycamera is unbelievably cleantouch responds amazinglyGSM unlockeduses standard SIM and comes with a mini SIM adapterample storage spaceextremely fastCONSsome of the preinstalled apps are in spanish, but thats not really a big issuenot gorilla glass but comes with a preinstalled screen protectorphone is a bit smaller than expected but the 720p display makes up for itwall adapter may not work in your country but thats not a big issue eitherCONCLUSIONthe phone is well worth its value and more, and im very happy with my purchase and with the seller

I had ordered a brand new unlocked Experia U st25ifone for my son. Its truly amazing, the features, the touch, the additional bottom caps which comes in 3 different colors. Above all the bravia engine is the silver lining on this phone.I recommend consumers to buy this...simply awesome.

ok, so its been 5 months, im the kind that researches hours and or days/weeks for the best features and lowest cost on an item, I was on a low budget and wanted my first smart phone, using a touch screen for me took some practice, I have have big man hands and fingers, but the predictive text helps and now have no problems if I misspell the right word comes up anyway. , like that i can plug into computer for media and updating, no need to use your cell service downloading, just plug to computer and internet, much faster updating right after I bought and upgraded to ice cream sandwich 4.0.4! no memory card slot, but had plenty space, i have loaded 150 songs and 130 music videos! still had a gig and a half left. so the stupid obsession with huge amounts of space is not needed unless you keep movies or long clips of media on phone. one thing I disabled Bluetooth and WiFi immediately, and lowered brightness which is still perfect even in outdoors! , and battery life increased. I love that power button is on side, I wish screen was a little bigger like the xperia p and speaker is in back, best position for speaker is on side like the xperia p. If I could afford the upgrade to xperia p, I would get it, but Im broke.Speed is great, I have experienced no video lag whatsoever, everything has been smooth. I must say out of everything, I was shocked when watching the music videos, the resolution and clarity/brightness was amazing!, Im still in awe when watching, my friend has a phone that costs almost 3 times as much and looks no where near as good in video quality, it really freaked me out, its the best picture Ive ever seen seen! this is not a cheap feeling phone!, it has a good weight and good thickness and feel. This is the perfect featured phone for me, best price, a phone like this should cost more, but I'm glad it doesn't, it came with screen protector and charger adapter to plug in wall or plug to computer usb.

Excellent phone, my expectations were metEasy to understand, easy to use. Good definition. Any problem using at my country

my father in law is very happy with the mobile. It's working fine in Venezuela with Digitel provider.I performed easely the icecream sandwich upgrade with the pc companion and the phone goes really good.if you need a cheap and good phone this is it.the downside? the memory, 4gb is too low...

The phone is not too durable, however is very unique compared to others phones in the media. If you can afford better do so.

it  functions well, the size is ok, but when you make a call you can hear the eco of your own voice which is really annoying

The signal is not very stable. I'm not sure it's the problem of ATT or this phone.The camera is good, but kind of blur due to the limited numbers of pixels.Other than that, I like this phone. In sum it's a good one considering its low price

The phone itself is fine, but I was very unhappy that the phone came with the language set to french, had unremoveable french applications, and did not have any english instructions. If I buy something in the US, I expect it to come with english language settings, I expect it not to have any &#34;junk&#34; applications (also in french), and I certainly expect english instructions. It would be a different story if I had bought this used, but I paid the full amount for a brand new product. Additionally, the packaging did NOT contain any protective bubble wrap and was shipped in very exposed packaging, which was dented (although that part is not the sender's fault).

nice first impression, to actualize what android 4 and there the problems started slow in the execution of applications and even causes him with a hammer, honestly not recommended. Greetings from Venezuela

Very good phone, nothing to declare, but it's heavy in my pocket. i like it very well. Run good !

I LIKE A PRODUCT. ITS GOOD PRODUCT....i recommend this productthis rating five starsMy celephone, its beautiful i love you

My wife wanted a small enough but capable smartphone and that's what she got with the Xperia U. She doesn't like big fancy phones, mostly because she's got small hands, so we were looking for an ideally sized phone and found it on the Xperia U. For her needs it more than fits the bill. It feels snappy enough and takes excellent pictures for the size. My wife is perfectly happy with it.Only complaint would be that it comes with Gingerbread, but I'm already thinking of upgrading it so it will accept more up-to-date apps.

Excellent telephone, beautiful, good functioning though hung debit remains to be his ram but the sending and receipt estan agree

Love this phone lights camera action it's all about me with this sleek chic phone thank you very very much!!
