
I recently purchased a Galaxy S3 to replace an older iPhone (both AT&T;), and first impressions are very good.  The phone seems well built, but the industry-wide race for ever-lighter phone construction has its disadvantages.  I wouldn't use this or ANY other high-end phone without a sturdy case, such as an Otterbox.  I used Otterbox's "Defender" with my iPhone, and it not only survived numerous drops, it still looks brand new.The S3's basic functionality is very similar to the iPhone, and the very large screen size makes it a highly competitive alternative to the more expensive iPhone 5.  S3 display quality is bright and crisp, system response is rapid, and I've loaded a number of widely-used applications from Google Play without any issues.  The interface between my PC-based Outlook Calander and Contacts isn't quite as seamless as with iTunes, but I figured out how to make it work properly with a bit of online research.This phone has lots of capability that will take a while to fully learn and understand, and not everyone needs everything the S3 can do.  Learning takes time, and capability takes battery power no matter what device you're using.  Some complain when a bit of effort is required to understand, or that their battery doesn't last as long as they would like.  The same solution applies to whatever you buy; take the time to learn about your device and turn off the bells/whistles that you don't want or need!  Overall, the battery appears adequate, but will probably not last the fully advertised time when placed under heavy load.  Unlike the iPhone, the S3's design allows the user to EASILY swap out the battery, and replacements are inexpensive.I've not used it long, but it looks like a winner at first glance.  Time will tell if it has the build quality of my previous iPhone.  I own a number of different Samsung products, and have never been dissatisfied with any of them.

After looking at all of the options and plans for a new phone, I decided on the Galaxy S3 to replace my HTC EVO 4G. Why?Large clear screenGreat call quality- Crystal clear on receiving and calling end.More on-board memory and faster processor- The 2GB onboard really helps load apps and internet pages faster. A lot better than the 512K of the EVO 4G.Superior expandability and options- I was able to use my old 32G micro SD card and all my old accessories-car charger, cables- that I had from my EVO 4G.Better network coverage on AT&T; compared to Sprint. I've had more 4G coverage on the ATT network in one week than I had on Sprint for 2 years.Beautiful camera with loads of options. Love the burst mode and panarama modes.Ability to share with other devices- Able to share photos, music, and videos on my phone with my TV and AV receiver wirelessly. Also, NFC and S Beam for sharing.There are some cons- while options to customize the phone are all available, you have to hunt for them.Address and contact management is lacking slightly. On the EVO 4g, you could start typing contact info on phone keypad. On the S3, you have to use the contacts tab, and search for the name.As with all smartphones, battery life is good but not great. 8+ hrs I use an expanded battery to overcome. It adds heft to the phone, but still manageable to get 24+ hr usage.Very happy with this phone, and half the price of a Iphone 5 with more options.

Really enjoy the phone everything. I wanted good battery life takes Great photos and videos my friends like the look

BEEN WANTING TO UPGRADE AND THIS WAS THE PEFECT WAY CHEAP AND FAST SHIPPING AND I LOVE MY NEW PHONE CAN'T WAIT TO UPGRADE TO GALAXY 4

I was a little hesitant to get a larger phone, but this really isn't that big.  Smaller than the Note and larger than the iPhone 4S (although I understand the iPhone 5 will be larger).  Great screen and fast speed.  I have used a Galaxy Tablet for a while and love it, so I adapted quickly to the phone (I also use a Blackberry Torch which I also love but the screen is small and of course it doesn't have the apps Android does).The only thing I didn't like was it's reliance on Gmail.  Now, I have Gmail and like Google products, but it did some weird stuff when syncing my contacts (which I had the salesman do at the store).  I use Outlook as my main contact source, and it pulled the contacts in, but also pulled all kinds of stuff from my Gmail account I didn't want.  And many duplicates.  So I cleaned it up and am working with Kies, which is their sync system.  So far I'm not impressed.  It isn't as good as Blackberry, IMO.  So I'll have to see how that goes.Otherwise, I love the phone.  I got blue because it's my favorite, and I got the case that has a book-like cover.  It still keeps the phone slim and very safe.  Oh, and I like the front facing camera.I just got it a few days ago, so I haven't used a lot of the features, like voice recognition and data transfer.  I'll update later.  But I'd have to say this is the closest phone I've had that can really replace my camera and maybe my tablet.  And I've had a LOT of phones (since 1990, I'm an early adopter).

The Galaxy SIII is Samsung's newest Flagship phone.  It sports a 4.8" HD Super AMOLED screen, a Snapdragon S4 Dual Core processor clocked in at 1.5GHz with 2GB of RAM (the largest amount of RAM you will find on any smartphone today), an 8.0MP back camera and a 1.9MP front facing camera.  The phone runs Android Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0.4 and has a microSD card slot and uses a micro sim for phone service.Overall, this phone is great.  It's snappy, the interface is smooth and Samsung has done some nice things with its Touchwiz overlay on the stock Android ICS experience.  The screen is vibrant with a 720p resolution and its very easy to read text on the screen.  The phone is pretty thin, and although the screen is huge, it doesn't feel too awkward to hold.  The speaker is located on the back of the phone and is okay for listening to music and audio, but obviously headphones will be superior.  The camera is very good, with burst shot function, autofocus and an LED flash.  The front camera is more than good enough for video conferencing on applications like skype.  Samsung brings some interesting features with their gesture system (you can stop/play video with your hand, tilt the phone to automatically answer calls etc..) and S-Voice (their answer to Siri)But this phone is far from perfect.  Samsung really takes too much out of Apple's book for styling for some of the features.  Of note, S-voice is terrible.  Upon entering the application, you can tell they were trying to copy Siri.  The layout is similar, but S-Voice lacks accuracy and intelligence.  Simply put, its unreliable.  An example is for math: Ask it what the sqrt(9) is and it returns 1.41 (another time it returned 2).  If the app can't do something as simple as that, why even bother?  Coming from a Galaxy Nexus running Jelly Bean 4.1, I have ot say that Google Now is far superior to both S-Voice and Siri.Other aspects of the S3 that I dislike are the physical home button, lack of a previous apps button, and the sound effects in the touchwiz overlay.  For the home button, pushing it down isn't as easy and I miss being able to lightly tap a capacitive button or on screen soft key to go to the homescreen or exit out of an app.  It's a severe oversight and you can tell Samsung is trying to take cues from the iPhone (STOP IT SAMSUNG, PLEASE).  Samsung also chose to ignore the fact that ICS no longer makes use of a menu button, but instead uses a previous apps button to access the task manager and such.  I hate having to hold down the home button to access previous apps.  Lastly, the sound effects in Touchwiz are annoying.  Samsung was going for a "nature" theme with touchwiz, and while overall I like it (the unlock screen is very cool), the sound of water dropping is irritating after a while.  Why couldn't they just keep the normal click sound in stock ICS?  Additionally, I dislike how Touchwiz still bases its physical appearance on gingerbread.  Get with the times, Samsung!Sound quality on calls is very good both for listening and speaking.  Another thing to keep in mind is that AT&T; has not enabled used of Google Wallet.  This is a real bummer.Pros:- 720p resolution- Stunning screen- 2100 mAh battery (battery life is pretty good, much better than the Galaxy Nexus)- 4G LTE- Good build quality- Fast performance- Despite its size, feels like in the hand- Good call qualityCons:- S-voice (very gimicky)- Too many cues from Apple's iphone- Touchwiz overlay- Physical home button- No google wallet support (yet)- Probably will take ages for S3 to get Jelly Bean- It is a big phone, so for many it may be a big turn off-Alot of my gripes are in part influenced by my experience with the Galaxy Nexus.  Stock Jelly Bean offers many of the features that Samsung is trying to incorporate into their touchwiz/galaxy series, but it does it leaps and bounds better.  If the Nexus had a better screen, larger stock battery and better processor, I would have kept the Nexus.  Even with those shortfalls, I'm considering switching back to the Nexus for my daily use phone.But if you were to evaluate the S3 on its own, it is definitely a phone worthy of the flagship title, but there are many kinks and glitches that really need to be worked out before it can be considered great.

I am an Iphone user for almost three years. I have been trying to use Andorid phone and tablet, I ended up back to iphone and ipad. I purchased this phone a week ago because I want something new but I am not sure if I want to keep this phone when iphone 5 came out.PROS: Very fast phone, better camera than iphone 4S, better sound quality than iphone 4S, send email attachment directly from the email, not like the iphone.CONS: Battery drain problem, although this problem is very intermittent, means sometimes the battery last longer and sometimes the phone runs very hot and drain the battery very quickly. Very annoying issue. Wifi needs to be reset once in while.

I can't provide alot of specific details because I don't use the phone, but my 15yo son has nothing but positive to say about it.  He's never owned an iphone but has owned an ipod touch.  He likes android much better than iOS.  He likes the big screen.  He likes the neat things he can do with an android that he couldn't with iOS.  This phone is working well for him.  The screen resolution is great.  The pics he's taken aren't as good as what I've taken with my iPhone 4s but I don't know if that's the camera or the photographer.  I like that you can use a micro SD card for additional storage space for pictures and video.  It saves internal memory and, if the phone crashes, the files will not be lost.  He's had this phone for 4 months now and not a single complaint.

Absolutely the greatest phone out there! Awesome big screen! Love the different apps that can be downloaded to this android phone. You will not be disappointed.

Over the past few cellular contracts I moved from an iPhone 3g to a Samsung Captivate and now to a Samsung Galaxy S3 and wow the progression for me has been great.  I have had my S3 for 4 months now and can't find anything wrong with it at all.  This phone has really fast response when operating applications and web surfing.  The camera is outstanding for a cell phone.  I use the camera's burst mode all the time and then select the best photos.  I think the shutter speed could be faster because I do get blurry photos sometimes when trying to take pictures of moving subjects.  But with burst mode I can usually find a good one to keep.  I added a 32 Gig expandable memory card to the phone and I have about a thousand songs stored on it with tons of room to spare.  I use the phone to bluetooth into a wireless speaker system to play songs from the memory card and it works great.  The operating system allows for a great means to customize lock screens and wallpapers as well as widgets.  I got rid of my bedside clock because the clock and alarm/wake features on the phone are perfect.  It will wake you up with a soft sound first, then transition into your alarm sounds.  This phone is awesome.  With moderate use through the day my phone will be at about 35% remaining by the end of the day.  So far I really like this phone.

UDATE:  For those that still think this was a reliable phone.  Check this post out about the sudden death issue.  This is EXACTLY what happened wit my S3 device as well...[...]Working in technology gave me the opportunity to use this first hand along with the Apple iPhone 5. Hands down the iPhone's workmanship blows this shoddy device out of the water. After using it extensively for 2 weeks the S3 started making a creaking noise if squeezed too tightly...If this phone was half the price of an iPhone I would say it might be a good candidate however since they are almost the same cost, the S3 is too cheap looking for the price you pay. Not to mention the constant crashing and low battery life as reported by several users.

I upgraded to the Galaxy S III from the Samsung Captivate (the AT&T; version of the original Galaxy S). This phone is beautifully designed and very fast. I'm loving it!The glass that Samsung uses for their Galaxy phones is very strong. I never used a screen protector on my Galaxy S and it only had two minor scratches after over two years. I do not doubt that this screen will fare as well. They have added an oleophobic coating to cut down on fingerprints, it is somewhat successful as there are definitely fewer fingerprints but the screen does still get smudged quite often.The hardware inside is so much better than the Galaxy S, which was a strong phone. I can tell it has more processing power "under the hood" and the GPS is immensely better than the original Galaxy S's troubled GPS. I have no problem getting an accurate and consistent location with this phone.4G internet is amazing. In Columbia, SC I have tested it at 20Mbps, faster than my cable internet.There are a few things I do not like about the design of this phone, but they are relatively minor. First, the back is made of plastic and is not easy to remove. On the Samsung Captivate it was metal and had a nice mechanism to remove it and lock it in place. It felt so much more sturdy than this. That said, after over a month of using the phone with no case, there are only a few minor scratches to the back. However, with the old phone, after over 2 years of usage with no case there were only a couple of minor scratches that were caused by my carelessness in putting it into the same pocket as my keys one time.Another possible problem is that the screen itself is curved. This means that a) screen protectors will not stay on the screen well unless you use a case. It also means that if you aren't using a screen protector and place the phone face-down on a surface, the screen is in contact with the surface. With the Captivate there was a slight bezel around the screen that would prevent it from resting directly on a surface. However, if this screen is as strong as the old one, this shouldn't be a problem.A purely personal preference, I do not like having the USB connector and the headphone jack on opposite ends of the phone. If I have it plugged in charging and hooked up to a speaker I have wires coming out of both ends and this is hard to manage in a neat way. This may not bother some users.I was very disappointed, however, that this phone only has 16gb internal storage. The Galaxy S had 16gb storage, why didn't they bump it up to 32gb with this phone? Flash memory isn't that expensive these days. At least it has an external microSD slot.In summary, this is a great, powerful phone with a few slight design problems that may not cause you any issues. It's not the latest and greatest but the price with a contract cannot be beat. If you're looking to upgrade from a phone that is 2-3 years old, especially if you have used a previous Galaxy S version and enjoyed it, you should definitely check out the Galaxy S III.

So far I'm lovin it. Its been working great so far, no issues with anything.Only downside is the cost to keep these phones going.I came from a VM LG Optimus Elite. It worked good and was cheap to operate, but I just got fed-up with the slow data network.

This was a great switch from my clunky BB Torch to this new toy. Great screen, nothing lags. I checked my running apps and frequently I had 15+ running with no performance hit.Only points to know if you are converting:-Battery life is terrible if you are actively using your phone. Keep your charger handy, but this is like this for all phones with a screen like this.-For those used to a physical keyboard, get SwiftKey 3. It will make your life sooo much easier.Concerning Amazon: I was eager for this phone and pre-ordered day 1. They couldn't get to me in the first push, but with persistence, I got free overnight shipping and got the phone on the 30th.

Updated reviewI get calls where others don't.  The earpiece never disconnects accidentally. It integrates seamlessly with the wireless networks I use at home, cafe and office. It plays music better than my  my 'mp3' player both wirelessly (in the car) and over powered bookshelf speakers. Reading news is easy on the high quality screen. Typing is particularly easy making it quite good for note taking (I'm a men's medium). And, of course, it accepts 64gb micro sd cards. However, I have some serious gripes--one that would have prevented me from buying the phone.It is difficult to navigate within text boxes (form fields?) Some are difficult to view! Using my mail service's web interface, for example, it's practically impossible to compose an email... This is hardly the end of the world, but, it is generally frustrating. Removing the back cover is awkward, and the cover itself seems like it won't last through a lot of on-off. Wish the micro sd slot were just accessible. Why isn't it?One gripe, in particular, that I guess I'd pushed out of mind is: Why must I keep a Yahoo! bookmark, and why must bookmarks that I cannot delete be kept at the top of the screen--the most valuable real estate on the list? On a device of this caliber ($200 with a plan at time of purchase) it's especially obnoxious. I don't buy Apple products because of fascist bullcrap just like this... And if there is any one issue that will engender my disloyalty, it is overly aggressive advertising within services and applications for which I pay high prices.P.S. Yahoo!, you've lost pageviews already as I've stopped visiting your news page altogether.

Hits: Beautiful screen, very nice cameraMisses: Android not that intuitive, plastic phone feels cheap.The feature about how the phone won't dim while you are looking at it, well that is nice if it worked. It does maybe half the time.

Ordered my phone with a two year contract, and was supposed to get it today, but no, Amazon sent the phone back after it was in fort lauderdale by my house to be delivered because they did not have my At&T; pass code. Now first of all they never asked me for it, and second of all they had all my contact information they could've simply contacted me, but no they sent it back and they are going to restock it. Their not giving me (my money) back till Wednesday, so i will have to reorder my phone and will have to wait till friday, or possibly monday. Was so excited to come home and unbox my phone, but a worker wass too lazy to contact me and decided to ruin my week and just take it back and restock when I paid for it already.I gave a 3 star review as to not damage the phones reputation, but negative stars for lazy amazon workers.

My experience with AT&T; started in 2007 with an other phone. It was a franchise rather than an actual AT&T; owned store. Bad experience. Details serve no current purpose. Was told I might not have service in my home but AT&T; was constantly adding towers.six plus years later I still had to go outside in South Scottsdale, if at home. In bound or outbound calls.When I went to an actual AT&T; store in 2008 I was surprised they would bash franchisees.In 2013 I switched to Credo and as part of the two year contract received the Galaxy III. The phone is well reviewed.AT&T; was odious. They got the termination from from the replacement carrier and over two months of horrors began.To end it I paid them twice due to my money order having disappeared.I was never told the same thing twice and repeatedly badly instructed.To start they told me with a closed account they could no longer use auto pay from checking and to wait for a final billing.I spent in excess of 55 hours on the phone including their collections department, customer service and supervisors.What they said and what they did did not remotely mirror each other.With a perfect credit record and my saying I wanted recorded and documented conversations they reported me to the credit bureaus.To shorten a very long story they both accepted my check and debited my account.I requested B Of A stop one payment. They stopped both.Then my money order supposedly never got to them.It was both too costly and involved to stop payment on the money order.I sent a second money order.The day I mailed the 2nd money order they sent me a letter, after their collections department had reported me to the credit bureaus, they, AT&T; wanted me back??I repeatedly asked them how they could be endlessly conflicting in their spoken statements and how could they solve more complex problems?If they offered free phones and lifetime free service I would be fearful of accepting it. Not even with a refund for the lost money.Why go for sub par everything?

My GPS function virtually never works.  I'd say it works a few minutes a day.  I have checked many, many, many online forums, and this apparently cannot be fixed.  It just reads, "Searching for GPS" - always.  It is NOT a problem with the signal.  The problem is definitely the phone.As a result, I cannot use the navigation function, which is very important to me.My sister has an iPhone 4s, and my brother has an iPhone 5.  Neither has this problem.  Their phones work flawlessly.  If I could, I would switch to one of those.  I would recommend the iPhone over the Galaxy.

I got this for my girlfriend (who is also my wife).She absolutely loves it. She finds new features all the time.I know it's the old model, but this one is a keeper. I get now why the iphone is loosing market share to samsung.Their loss our gain.

Samsung Galaxy S 3 & 4 are great phones. Fairly easy to use, takes great pictures, looks good, functional. Fun.

Nothing much different from S2 . I went with the hype and upgraded to this one couldn't see much difference the call quality is terrible in this one than the S2  returning the phone and getting something else.

You really don't need reviews about this phone from amazon since there are tons of in depth reviews elsewhere. This phone is very, very nice. I converted from apple and I couldn't be happier. The OS is smooth and polished. The features and UI is beautiful. People complain about build quality and where that is slightly true with the size and weight of the phone a nice case feels right at home. I toyed with this and the one x from HTC, you can't go wrong either way but the Samsung has better upgrade potential. Battery is so-so but none of them shine outside of the razr maxx. Don't hesitate to get this device it is very good all around.

I have had the Galaxy S III for three weeks now. It is a beautiful device and runs all the features very well. After setting up my Gmail and Facebook the battery was dead in 4 to 5 hours with very little phone use. To get the "cell standby" battery usage below 70% to 80% I have had to disable all of the features I would like to use on the phone. Including all sync, wifi,and all apps. There may be an Android upgrade coming to correct this but no guarantee that it will be available for my G3 version from AT&T.

For a person who had a blackberry for 5-6 years I really like the Galaxy S3. The pictures are so clear and so is the sound

I have been waiting for this phone for over a year.  Even when the Galaxy II came out, I knew there would be the III with Ice Cream Sandwich, and had decided to wait for it.  My first smartphone was the Galaxy Captivate for AT&T;, so I have been in the Samsung camp since the beginning and have no regrets.  Even though I had "issues" after the second OTA firmware update to my Captivate, and was constantly having to reboot, etc., the phone still performed so well that I never doubted Samsung would come through with the perfect phone.  I am also a firm Android person since the beginning.  So don't ask me to compare it to the iPhone anything, because I just don't know.  I do know that iPhone doesn't have SWYPE, still, so that is plenty enough to keep me with Android if there was nothing else.Anyway, the new phone is stupendous!  Everything I ever wanted is here, at my finger tips.  The size of the phone was never an issue for me.  I thought it might seem awkward at first after reading a lot of information about it.  But truly, it always seemed to be exactly the right size to me.  I haven't even had this phone two full days yet, and already it is completely useful to me.  How's that for customer friendly.The size of the screen is going to make a difference for a lot of people who might not have bothered with reading Kindle books, watching TV or movies, reading their email, Facebook, etc. on a cell phone.  Now, with this wonderful phone, you truly have a mini computer in your pocket.  I like tablets too, but they don't fit in my purse so well, and this does.  Portability, plus able to make phone calls.  What more could you want?Check out my review for the Androidified CruzerLite TPU Case for Samsung Galaxy S III - Translucent Teal case for this phone.  I think this is the perfect case for this phone.

I hate this phone.  It is impossible to drag and drop pictures taken on it to Windows XP without installing Samsung's Kies software on your computer (This was Samsung's Tech support response to this issue).  The EULA for the Kies software is entirely unacceptable.  If I could return this phone, I would.  This POS is worse than the 5 year old Samsung phone that it replaced.  I need a cell phone to do 3 things, and 3 things only.  1) Make phone calls.  2) Send Text Messages, and 3) take snapshots to download to a computer without having to carry around a separate digital camera.  Not being able to do 1 of these 3 very basic functions that has been available on Cell Phones for years makes this $500.00 phone a FAIL.  I hate it.

This phone is absolutely awesome in every way!  I absolutely love the size of the display and it is perfect for my large hands and my thumb texting, which leaves much to be desired.  I appreciate the fact that it has the native ability to place apps into folders; a feature that has been sadly lacking for many iterations of the Android OS.  The signal is fantastic, the speech quality is flawless and the noise reduction is suberb.  Earpiece volume and quality is excellent, as well.  On AT&T (my network), the LTE is lightning fast!  The battery life is excellent for a phone of this type (especially given the LTE chipset).  Navigation is superb on this phone and I absolutely never use my Garmin (I never need it and this is more user-friendly, especially the Google Navigator.).  When set into wi-fi mode, it automatically uses wi-fi for data and uses the cellular network for voice (never tries to use the cellular network for downloading data).  Great native email app (finally!) that actually works with Yahoo email!  Flashing notification LED!  Finally!  MINOR GRIPES: Speakerphone location makes audio muffled when placed on a flat surface face up; there should have been a way to design a small groove, or series of grooves for audio output.  A simple, but important oversight.  I wish there was a way to change the spacing of icons on the screens; the user could fit more icons on one screen.  I have not found a way to do that.  I have also not been able to find a way to make the notification LED flash in different colors for different things (even though it is a RGB LED).  Screen navigation speed is fast, but could be faster.  No way to integrate Yahoo Calendar.  The native keyboard is good, but I am using the A.I. Slider keyboard app in iphone mode (never a better keyboard made, in my opinion) and it is now perfect!  Native email app, while excellent, appears to only increment the screen icon when it actually syncs.  It was not initially clear to me that I could set the sync frequency to daily and Yahoo email would still be in (virtually) push mode until I tried it (sync interval only appears to affect the incrementation of the on-screen icon).  (Gmail, of course, is truly instantaneous, as always).  I spent a long time figuring that one out.  Major battery rundown while using Google Navigator!  Phone gets very warm during hard data usage (again, using Google navigator)  Display is still dim in sunlight (even when maxed out) and could be higher resolution.  I wish Samsung would stop using AMOLED displays; I really do.  I just don't think they will ever measure up to LCD-type displays.  Major gripe: Annoying beep on dialing!  I hate that!  Samsung, get with the program and provide a way for us to remove that without having to root an otherwise-perfect phone!  It makes the phone sound tinny, cheap and toylike.  Would I buy another one?  Absolutely!  Nothing is perfect.  Would, and do I, recommend them to friends and associates?  Absolutely!  All in all, finally, the phone that beat the iphone!  Apple, eat your heart out and suck an egg; you're sorry!  Stop suing Samsung and admit that you're licked!

I was really perturbed by this phone.It torments me a lot.It restarts intermittently.I am really in a dismay after buying this phone.I was really awaiting for SIII for three months andI am startled at its frequent restarts and the battery back up is also not up to the expectation.I think its a major issue that the manufacturer should concentrate  and ensure that customers like me who are a big fans of Galaxy series should not get baffled like this.

I had the Samsung Note I before so I knew what to expect...I'm pretty happy with my new phone...But the Customer service is a different story...Because of some idiotic policy, I couldn't get my new phone shipped to my address, but had to use my ex-wife address..She lives across the country so she had to ship it to me...Plus the tax there was $50, compare to 0 tax here...Even after multiple attempts, I couldn't reach any solution with them, I had to pay more money than the half of the phone cost..This was surely my last phone from Amazon and after telling about the problem my friends, they won't buy any Amazon phone either..I could have paid $20.00 more and buy it in local store with no waiting and no hassles!!...So long Amazon, I'm taking my business someplace else!!

My wife just loves this new phoneit does pretty much everything her computer does so now she has a hand held comp.would recommend the phone to any one m who is computer litterate

I've had my share of Android phones, and to switch it up decided to try the iPhone 4S last month after my contract expired. Since I'm a big google user, iOs just wasn't gelling for me. Particularly since I use google maps a lot, I couldn't trust apple to get me to where I needed to go. Moreover, it made me realize how overrated Iphones were considering my old DroidIncredible had more capabilities than the 4S [tethering, an open system so I could customize however I liked (like having a win 7 interface which I found more attractive than the stock Android UI), turn-by-turn navigation, easy google syncing, etc].After a couple of weeks of being annoyed with the iPhone, I exchanged it for Samsung's GS3.  I must say, it's a match made in heaven--I'm in love with this phone! I got the S3 in brown (it's like a rich chocolate color with a copperish trim), which I think is the most attractive out of the bunch...it's gotten compliments in fact. There is very little I can't do with this phone, and when I think it can't, I tinker a bit and realize it can (i.e. I love the search buttons on the older model Androids, which the S3 doesn't have, but double tapping the menu button on S3 brings up the search functions.) The front facing camera could use some work, but I'm sure that's for all types of phones, but other than that really no complaints! It's lightning fast, handles multiple operations well, the screen is amazeballs--like my eyes had adjusted so much to the size and quality of the S3 that I literally felt like my DINC was miniature after using it for a couple of operations. Svoice could use work. Siri was a lot of fun to play with. But, I honestly rarely used Siri for anything meaningful. Mostly just to see what kind of witty responses she'd offer up. So I would really give the S3 a 4.5, but since that's not an option, a 5 it is, since it's practically perfect.

Moving from Apple, to Android was not as bad as we thought. I had gotten tired of all the restrictions and limitations that they put on their phones. I wanted to give the (Dark side) a try. I am happy to say I am glad I did. Rolled the entire family to androids and there is no going back. The phones are very responsive and best of all they are PHONES, not a single dropped call since we changed. I use to drop calls every afternoon on my way home, as I switched towers. Same route, same time of day, 1 1/2 months of use and not a single dropped call. I love all of the bells and whistles, but at the end of the day it is a phone. If it can't handle its primary use, then there is a problem. We were an apple family for 7 years, but we are an Android family now.

I bought this phone to upgrade the wife's phone. The phone is nothing fancy and the interface is rather annoying. Now keep in mind I am used to the iPhone's interface. She wanted a bigger screen and the ability to add an SD card for her music storage. The Galaxy S3 does this. There was a bit of a learning curve for her but she managed. The biggest issue we ran into with the phone initially was battery life. It was horrid and only lasted about 4 hours. We had already set all the power save features and still crap battery life. Apparently the software thinks you need to check your email every few seconds. Once we set that to a more realistic setting for her use then the battery life was much better.Depending on how you use your phone will truly determine what phone is for you. The Galaxy S3 is decently sturdy and operates as expected. Other than the email setting she has had no issue with the phone. She loves the larger screen but still gets flustered with the interface on occasion.

The phone is amazing I love it. The only problem that I have and the reason why its not getting a 5 star rating is that the battery overheats a lot. If you use it for too long and if you charge it for too long its going to overheat guaranteed.

This is my 3rd galaxy phone and all i can say is...WOW!! i love this phone its big and powerfull has so much custom options that you can be on it for days! I work for sales and this phone is one of the best i seen in a while yes it feels light and people may even say cheap. but thats not true at all it does have gorilla glass. it is smooth.. ( buy a case anyway ur on amazon ) this phone has a lot of what the gs2 wish it had. best phone i think for the year better then iphone i say so myself. (had i phone for a year) and was not happy with what i  had at the moment

I have been eyeing the Galaxy S III for a while now. When I saw the price was only $39 I knew the time had come to ditch my old, dying 3G handset for something that actually works. I'm very happy that I did. The difference is like night and day. My only regret is waiting so long.Many others have gone over the many features of this awesome device, so I will just confirm that this phone is/has all of the following:ResponsiveFastComfortable in the handFun to useAdequate battery lifeGood soundI was planning to buy the HTC One but the lack of an expansion slot combined with the S3's deeply discounted price made my choice a no brainer.  In addition, the phone arrived at my door in just over 24 hours! Thanks Amazon! I can't wait until I can pick up a Fire.

I absolutely love this phone!!!! Better than either one of the note phones too me, and I've  had them both..... Thank you Amazon!!!!

i love the phone, I&#34;m finding out new things daily about all the things I can do on it. couldn?t ask for a better transaction.

I was on the fence with the Galaxy S3.  It was either this or the HTC One X.  I've always had HTC phones and have loved them.  I like their design, the materials they use, and the great features they sport.  So I would've gotten the One X except for two very big cons: no removable battery and no MicroSD slot.  Not sure what HTC was thinking, but they definitely dropped the ball with the One X.Now on to the Galaxy S3.  What else can I add that hasn't already been said in all the reviews here on Amazon and all the other web sites?  Beautiful display, fast processor, removable battery/memory card, great camera for photos and HD video, etc., etc., etc.So I'll just detail the cons that may seem minor, but could be deal-breakers for some people:--> Crappy battery life: Compared to my old phone, the Inspire 4G, this phone sucks battery life approximately 25% faster.  Obviously, if you only use your phone for calls, then this might not be a big deal.  But if you're like the other 99% people out there, then you're gonna be playing games, surfing the web, on Facebook, etc.  This phone won't get 10-11 hours without consciously saving the battery for most people.  I highly recommend buying spare batteries.--> Small "Home" button:  This may be just personal preference, but I seem to have some trouble hitting this button consistently.  I like something like the iPhone "home" button or closer to it in size.--> "Plasticky" feel:  I've never liked the feel of Samsung phones because of the seemingly cheap, soft, plastic they use, especially the back cover.  This might be personal taste again, but if you've held a HTC phone and a Samsung Galaxy phone, you'll know what I mean.I don't regret getting this phone, but it does have its flaws.  Battery life is extremely bad and that might deter some people from getting it.  But even with the cons I listed above, I only took off 1 star.

After taking some time (I've had the phone since December of 2012) to learn my way around a new system, I have to say that Samsung did a great job on this phone.  The only hold up that I've had was--and this is totally my own fault--that I was missing the ability with the iPhone to start typing the name of an app (or often something related to) I wanted to use and have it pop up in a list.  Now I know that I can do so in the Google widget on my home page.As for functionality, I have yet to find anything that I used my iPhone for that I can't do with my Galaxy.  Even streaming audio and video to my Apple TV.Pros:* I really like the larger screen (than my previous phone).  I kind of wish I had went with the Note instead and had an even bigger screen.* The functionality.  As noted above, other than a bit of a learning curve, it does everything I want it to.  If I had taken more time to look up stuff it does online rather than learn it all myself, the curve would have been shorter.Con:* Battery life.  I work on a ship...  If I forget to turn off cellular data while I'm inside the metal structure (it make a nice RF shield and causes the phone to sit a search all day long), I'll have a dead phone.  It would be nice if I had some way--maybe there is one I don't know about--of telling it to automatically turn off and on before and after work...I know that Samsung has a new phone out now...  If I were up for an upgrade, I'd be looking at it...  but for now (and for those not wanting to spend the money on the latest-greatest), the Galaxy S III works great for me.

Like size, aps, etc.  Most friends have the iphones but this is actually easier  to use.and has a great display

The new samsung Galaxy SIII( pebble blue)has a beautiful look , the applications in the phone are Awesome, the browsing speed is mind Blowing , it is very light in weight , sleek in design, perfect in hands. The call quality, Music player, camera quality excel every existing phone on earth.

This phone has a nice large screen, great operating system, and a fast processor. The sad thing is that the build quality of this phone is not up to the mark. It is completely made of plastic, rather than higher quality gorilla glass or lightweight metal alloys. The plastic has a slippery finish, making this phone difficult to grip securely.If this is a premium handset, with a premium price, why the cheap all plastic construction? If you like a phone that feels solid in your palm like I do, then the HTC One X, droid razor maxx, or iPhone 4s might be a better choice. otherwise it is a great phone.....

Trying to upgrade from iPhone, this phone is almost a winner.Speed, screen, and ICS are big improvements.What is rarely written about, are the practical things:- I can swap the battery out! Many times, I left off into a busy day and discovered that I forgot to charge the phone. Now I will always have a second battery at hand. Don't try that with other phone.- I can an external storage card! The contact ties me to this phone until 2014. By then, 16GB internal storage won't be enough - the way apps and my media are growing.One big drawback: this is apparently not a phone for Outlook users like me. Samsung's Kies software syncs my contacts, but not the calendar. Their support could not solve the errors and recommended to detour my Outlook data through Google calendar. This fix would only get my Outlook data onto the Galaxy S3. However, if I create an event on the phone, it wouldn't sync back to Outlook. People may have differing opinions about Outlook. These days, a smartphone should be able to sync with it, though.So it remains 'almost' an iPhone replacement. Wish it would work for me.

The Galaxy S III seems to be the new "Jesus phone." It received such pre-release hype that some tech reviewers, even after noting the defects in the device, heaped upon it rave reviews. In reality, the S III has enough problems that it  almost single-handedly lends credence to those inane Microsoft commercials claiming that Android phones are beta devices. While it seems likely that Samsung could fix a lot of these problems with a good software upgrade; there is no guarantee that this will happen, given their propensity for denying the existence of problems and moving slowly (if at all) to fix them.Let's start with the screen. While the screen is large, it's also very dim. Apparently Samsung felt the best way to increase battery power on this 4.8 inch phone was to cut the brightness by about half that of other phones. And, I'm not talking about the semi-dark default brightness that can be adjusted by the user, nor am I talking about the silly separate brightness setting assigned to the browser. No, I'm talking about the full on brightness level that is nearly impossible to view outdoors in medium daylight. I guess Samsung figures users won't run the battery down too fast if they can't see the phone's screen. Frankly, I'd rather be able to view the phone comfortably and carry an extra battery in my pocket.Another feature hobbled by Samsung's desperate attempt to conserve battery life is Wifi. Even in the same room with my router, I found the Wifi signal weak and intermittent. After a bit of research on the issue, I learned that Samsung had applied a "power saver" setting to the Wifi, one that can only be accessed and turned off by dialing a special MMI code on the dialer. Adding insult to injury, this fix has to be re-applied after every reboot of the phone.The S III's camera has been widely touted by the tech media, and it's a nice camera. Still photos look about as good as you can expect for a mobile phone camera. However, the video camera's auto focus seems overworked when shooting objects in motion. This causes intermittent blurring to occur in video shot with the phone, almost like the camera is constantly zooming in and out. To their credit, Engadget briefly mentioned this in their review. Everyone else seems to have either failed to actually test the video camera or ignored the issue.Another camera-related feature that fails miserably is Smart Stay. The camera is supposed to use facial recognition to determine if you are still looking at the phone. If you are, it is supposed to delay dimming the screen, and then putting the device into sleep mode, for as long as you are looking at it. The feature fails to work about 90% of the time. Again, this may be something that can be improved with a software update. Unfortunately, the person I talked to at Samsung refused to acknowledge the issue in spite of it being widely reported by users and reviewers.Finally, there's S-Voice, Samsung's answer to Apple's Siri. S-Voice is just plain dumb. I asked S-Voice, "What is the square root of nine." It acknowledged that it understood the question, and then provided me with the square root of four. I repeated the question. S-Voice again displayed a correct understanding of the question and gave the same wrong answer. Forget the fact that S-Voice's voice recognition often fails to understand users; even when it does, it gets the answers wrong.Yes, the Galaxy S III has a large and attractive screen. Yes, it has a reasonably powerful processor. And yes, Samsung has backed off enough from Touch Wiz that it doesn't completely ruin the user experience of the phone. However, there are way too many hardware shortcomings and half-baked software features to call this a great phone. The Galaxy S III does not live up to the pre-release hype and you should carefully consider if it is worth the monetary investment and two-year commitment that AT&T; and other carriers require.

FIRST DAY,I COULD NOT DOWNLOAD ANY APP. A FEW HOURS LATER, THE PHONE DELETE PICTURE AND SONGS BY ITSELF. PICTURE YOURSELF SPENDING HOURS TRYING TO CREATE A FEW HUNDRED SONGS TO A PLAYLIST. MY THUMB GET TIRED AND NUMB. THE SECOND REPLACEMENT PHONE DOES NOT ALLOWED ME TO DELETE PICTURES.EVERY WEEK I HAVE TO REMOVE BATTERY TO RESET PHONE. WHEN DOING THIS MOST OF YOUR PLAYLIST SONGS ARE MISSING. IN 4 MONTHS, I HAVE REPLACE 7 PHONES AND PROBLEM IS STILL NOT SOLVE.

I've only had this phone for a week so I may update this at a later time. Right now everything is going great. The phone is easy to navigate, you can find whatever you need with no problems if you've used an android before. I'm coming from a 3 year old HTC  Inspire that was on its last leg(slow with frequent freezing, constantly had to remove battery). We'll see how it holds up.EDIT: 9 months later it still works great, no problems!

My mom got this phone in December 2012 and loved it (she upgraded from a basic phone to a smartphone). I saw this phone was 39.89 and HAD to get on this deal. I wanted a Galaxy Note II, but the price turned me off. I could have gotten a Galaxy S4 for $168, newer AND cheaper than it, but I like the GS3 better for some reason. The Galaxy Note II is just a bigger version of the GS3, so it wasn't too much of a big deal. I may end up returning this phone for the GS4, but I doubt it, I love this phone! It won't be here until 5/10/13 and my Otterbox (which I highly recommend you get, no matter what type of smartphone you get) will be here on the 13th. If you have any doubts about this phone --- DON'T! It's totally spectacular and so worth it, and at the price, you're practically stealing it! Amazon Wireless is so convenient because they helped me add on a line with no hassles, whereas if I would have called AT&T; there would have been some type of problem. Once the phone gets here (I got a red one)I'll do another review. But again --- BUY THIS PHONE!!!-------****5/9/13 Follow up**I woke up with this morning to check my package and where it was and they proceeded to say that "It was sent to the wrong carrier facility". It was supposed to be here tomorrow but it is now delayed by THREE DAYS. I order TONS of things from Amazon and I've never had a problem with any of my orders being delayed. Usually the things I order are nonessential but I need this phone for work and now I have to wait an extra three days. I'm giving Amazon Wireless a bad rating..I knew this would happen. I knew it.

Great phone. Great size. Great apps. I can't say anything more about this phone than that it is perfect for everyone.

I love this phone. It does everything that I can ever want to do with a phone, and I keep finding new things that it will do. I would match it up to my sons Iphone anytime.

Can I unlock it for tmobile? I need to know asap because i dont want to buy if i can unlock it and I really like this type of phone.

I have been using the phone for a couple of weeks. I have the pebble blue version with 16 gb of built in memory.  The finish looks great, but when you pop of the back you can see it is just a cheap piece of plastic. The back cover comes off easily and the battery is easily accessible. Everything on the phone is plastic and all the edges are rounded.  I am not sure how you could dock this into anything since there are no flat edges like the iphone 4. The buttons on the sides work well but I am constantly pressing them by accident. I recently installed a bumper case so this doesn't happen anymore. The external speakers (one on front and one on back) have good power, but since the one on the back faces away from you its not the best place to put it. The screen is nice and big, but the phone is very thin and light. I have no problem fitting it in my pocket. All of the software seems to run fast on it.  Youtube videos are flawless, and when you rotate the phone into landscape the video takes you the whole screen. I have also copied a WMV video from my desktop and that also played well. There is an LED light on the front that lights up when you get a voice message, email or text and I like that feature a lot. The headphones that come with it are good.  I have big ears and it still seals well. There are buttons on the cord that allow you to change the volume and I think there is also a built in mic but a haven't tried to use it yet. I havent' used the camera so I can't say how good it is. Call quality is very good. Battery life seems ok if you only turn on the LTE when you need it.  If you leave LTE on all day it chews up the battery. It does take a few hours to charge the battery so I try not to let the battery drain all the way down.

i have owned a htc evo 4g with sprint for a long while but after my contract was up. i was looking for a new carrier with a better 4g lte network. it came down to verizon and att. i looked at 3 phones iphone5, gs3, droid razr m, after looking a testing all 3 phones it came down to the two best gs3 iphone5, which att and verizon had. but when comparing the plans att had the better data plans. so i choice the samsung galaxy s 3 , im pretty happy with the pick, it can do the nfc which is awesome iphone5 did not have. and the fact is was android phone which im used to, and i just had my phone updated with jelly bean its super fast and made this phone that much better!. only thing i would say is the battery is not as strong as droid phones. but the fact it does last whole day is still better then my htc which last about 5 hours before it needs to be plugged back in. only thing i did copy was the droids circle widgets which is awesome touch to my gs3. i say your looking for a mini computer this is it. i love the talk and text comes in handy when your fingers are tight up. lol.

this is the best phone ever have a iPhone and I wouldn't go to back too it not anything shipped fast and got it fast no problems

This is the best phone in the market if your buying a phone based on looks you obviously have no business in smart phones the software is better than iPhone and windows phone it has all the new technology everything is amazing about it Samsung is the number one seller in smartphones and this is their best yet don't listen the 1 star ratings these people don't use smartphones to their fullest potential

is this product unlocked for all brands of phones because i have t-moblie and i would like to buy this product but don't no if it is unlocked so i can use it

Much better than an IPhone! Very happy with screen size and ability to download material on the phone without using I Tunes

Love this phone and the price was great. It was easy to set up just and only to a few minutes.

First off I'd like to say that this is my first smartphone, but all my friends have smartphones, and I have played around with them. I have tried out the Galaxy Nexus, Razr Maxx, Droid Bionic, HTC One X, and the iPhone 4s.The S3 is amazing. The display makes your jaw drop. The battery easily lasts through a ten hour day. The screen is super responsive. The hardware and software rock.Pros--ICS (Jelly Bean coming soon)-Battery-Display-Camera-Design (nice and thin, but still sturdy)-Large screen (could be a con)-Hardware (duel core, 2 gbs of ram)Cons--Touchwiz interface can be annoying at times.-Physical buttons (not a con for everyone, but ICS was meant to get away from physical buttons)-Default Keyboard... Install a third party keyboard ASAP. Go Keyboard is a good free one, or Switftkey 3 is a great paid one.-S-Voice. It's not a big deal for me. Remember that Jelly Bean will come with a better voice assistant.Overall, I am very happy about this phone. It will surely stay as a top phone for the next couple years.

Had this phone 6 months now. At first loved it! It looks great the screen and resolution is amazing and it did everything I needed. Then it happened. Put my phone in my jacket pocket took it out a few mins later pressed the on screen button and the screen cracked. Like to think of myself as reasonably fit and strong but smashing a phone up with a press of you finger.......well I don't think so. Gonna cost a fortune to replace the screen so just living with it now.... Only got 18 months left on the contract 80(So.... Phone great screen s*** and that's pretty much it.Incidentally phone had a wallet case thing on it.

This is my second smartphone and it's just miles better than my first (Pantech Crossover). I've had it for a week now and I'm really liking it.Pros:1) Good screen size. Easy to see things, plenty of room for text when you want to read stuff, apps show up well, etc. I know there are bigger screens out there, but this is a great size for most things.2) Lightweight and thin, very portable and hardly any weight in my pocket. (I tend to wear skirts with pockets, so anything dragging down too much is a big minus, like my last phone.)3) Awesome memory and storage. Had so many issues with my last phone, had to delete things constantly; no problems here. 16G is plenty of room to toss a few apps, games and music on there, and no worries about any of them crashing due to lack of memory.4) Responsive touch screen without being overly so.5) Good sound. It's on the back, but even so it's nice and clear.Like I said though, it's not perfect. I have a few issues with it, a couple more important than others.Cons:1) Heat issue. This is a biggie since I play a lot of games. Have anything open for too long and the phone becomes noticeably warm to the touch. Right now it's not as big of an issue; it being summer, I'm just holding it up into the air conditioning for a few seconds and it cools off nicely. Come winter, however, short of tossing it out in a snowbank for a minute or two, I'll have to come up with something else. This is worrying me even more since I've ordered a case for the phone and that will cut off any ventilation it's getting right now.2) Short battery life. Again, I game and run a lot of apps, and the battery drains like water from a sieve. I have it plugged in to recharge five or six times a day, if not more. The life of the battery itself isn't going to be long at this rate. Hopefully the next battery I get will last longer, but I have my doubts.3) The controls, specifically the power and "back" (reverse arrow at the bottom of the phone) are situated for right-handed people. I'm a lefty when it comes to phones and for me and anyone else like me, it's not very convenient. Nitpicky, maybe, but it's a an annoyance for all that it's minor.4) There seems to be no convenient way of exiting browsers, the app store, etc. No way to get back to the main screen short of hitting the back button until everything closes, which sucks if you're in the middle of a page on the web and don't want to navigate away from it.Overall I still think it's a great phone. I can live with the issues, can probably even find a workaround for a couple of them. No product is perfect (or at least I've not found one), and I'm happy enough with this one.

The Galaxy S3 maybe one of the best phones made by Samsung. Its featured packed, powerful, a real class act. Sure they are people who hate Samsung's use of plastic, but what do they do with their glass or metal phone ....... stick the in an ugly plastic case lol. Gotta say I'm glad to have the S3 my only problem is the carrier holding back update, but that's nothing new.The S3 is a great phone that still shines.

Best phone I've owned. Great combination of size and weight, plus delivers on usability and functionality for things I actually use!  Very easy to work in and change settings, find files, transfer music, video, etc.  Really happy with this phone and would highly recommend to everyone.I've had Blackberry devices, iPhone 3G and 4, 4S, and this Galaxy S3 beats them all. I was new to Android, but it has been fine and the learning curve is more one of familiarity than anything else.  Within a day of using this device, it felt like I had been using it for years.  The widgets are awesome...that's something I didn't really think about or thought I would use/need, until I used them...great, handy things to have.  The entire home screen(s) is customizable so you can have what you want where you want it.  I don't like a lot of screens to move through, so I cut it down to two main screens, but every app is just a couple of clicks away if/when I need it.The display on this phone is the best.  Some say it is a little dim, and that is true on darker scenes, but overall I don't like an overly bright display and usually turn mine down to help conserve battery anyway.  The colors are rich and it's very sharp. The HD is amazing.I downloaded the gingerbread keyboard and youmail for voicemail, and both are fantastic.  I had issues with the AT&T; messaging app not showing me new text messages, so went back to the standard messaging and grabbed youmail, and am very happy with both.The size of the device was shockingly large when I opened it, especially because I was coming from the iPhone 4S...that went away in about a minute.  Now I can't imagine using the smaller phones.  It fits in my pocket, and it's so light, it doesn't feel as large as it is.  My wife just switched from her iPhone to the Galaxy Note...now that's a big phone!  Compared to that one, this S3 looks tiny!  The Note is really large, but even that was much more usable and functional than I expected (but that's for my wife to review in more detail!).I have had no issues with the phone, I tweaked the settings after the first few days to help maximize battery life, and it now lasts more than a day.  I watch videos on it every day and play music on my commutes, in addition to moderate texting and a call or two each day.  The LTE is very fast and you can now use firefox on it so syncing across desktop and mobile use is really nice.Camera and video are amazing. Best I've used on a smartphone, hands down.  Expandable memory is a huge plus...16GB on the device and 32GB on a card is great.  The NFC is still more a gadget but it's cool...using with the tectiles is nice, but still fairly limited for now.So many features I haven't played with them all yet.  One nice thing I stumbled across was changing the font size of messages in SMS by using the volume rocker...ingenious idea and great for my old eyes!Won't be going back to Apple as long as this phone and its successors continue to deliver the way this one has.

I had a Galaxy Captivate and it was time to renew my contract and I wanted a new phone.  I usually get my phones from AT&T website but didn't like the ones availble there for a modest price.  I looked on Amazon and found this one for a low price.  I had to renew my contract to get it at that price but I was going to do that anyway.  Love the phone.  It was exactly as expected.  I'll be renewing my contract here from now on!

I love this phone its beautiful and easy to use, I was against getting a new phone but daughter changed my mind

Everyone by now know how great a phone this is when it comes to functionality... But I must say that I'm not impressed with its the build quality. It is cheap .... I have had this phone for a month and already it is showing wear and tear on the upper right side corner ( where I take the case off) because it is made primarily of plastic or polycarbonate as they say.. It just doesn't hold up very well which is a shame because I do like this phone but for the money I do think the materials that it is made out of should be much better in quality. My advice is to buy a good cover and never take it off . By the way my phone is from tmobile but I couldn't find it on amazon to write a review

After years of sticking with my plain, but solid, flip phone, I decided to jump off the cliff and onto the smartphone bandwagon. I had held off on joining the masses because it seemed like every time I turned around there was a new and improved smartphone.  Why waste the money when my phone will be obsolete  by the time I get it out of the store? Then I heard about the up and coming Samsung Galaxy S3 (S3).  After reading hours upon hours of reviews on the S3, all of a sudden I couldn't get my check card out of my wallet fast enough.  If you are thinking about purchasing a smartphone, or are just looking to upgrade, I hope this review will help you reach the same opinion I did; The Galaxy S3 is the best phone in the... universe.I'll begin by saying MASSIVE is the first adjective that came to mind when I opened my Samsung Galaxy S3 box.  The display on the phone is an incredible 4.8" which, for me, coming from a standard flip phone, felt like what I would imagine upgrading from a standard 13" television to a 50" HD plasma T.V. would feel like. After the initial shock of the size wore off, the next thing I noticed was the gorgeous color.  The S3 comes in two color choices; marble white and pebble blue. I had picked the latter, and let me tell you; I made the right choice. I also noticed that the phone weighed less than I had expected with a phone this large.  In comparison to my old flip phone, the S3 has all the same basic buttons from volume control, an on/off switch and a main menu button.  Some could say that the size of the phone makes it awkward or bulky, and I found it took me a few days to adjust to the size myself.  However, after having played around with my new S3 for about a week now, I believe the benefits far outweigh any downsides to having a phone this large and, to further give credence to this opinion, I'll talk about the display, camera, and lastly, the video camera, which greatly benefit from the size of the Samsung Galaxy S3.For starters, the resolution on the S3 is amazing. With a 720 x 1280 pixel display, the clarity of anything you do from the main menu on the phone is mind boggling.  After I noticed the display, I decided to check out the picture quality. The Galaxy S3 has two different cameras; an 8 megapixel (MP) rear-facing camera, and a 1.9MP front-facing camera, both of which I find quite useful.  For example, for every day pictures from facial shots , action shots to still portrait, I find the rear-facing camera to be the best fit.  However, if I want to make sure I'm not smiling like a complete idiot, or have something stuck in my teeth, the front-facing camera comes in handy.  Having a 4.8" screen is incredibly useful for knowing exactly what's going to turn up in your picture.  Furthermore, the cameras on the Galaxy S3 come with many different features, one being the 'burst shot', which will rapidly take five pictures in a row, which really helps when you are trying to catch the split second your kid will smile while you are holding a camera.  From what I have heard from friends, the camera perks on the S3 resemble other smartphone's camera options, so for potential migrating smartphone users, there shouldn't be much lost in translation if you decide to make the move to Samsung's Galaxy S3.  On the other hand, if you're coming from a flip phone like I did, it will take a while to get adjusted to all the different camera options, but once you do, in my opinion, it's worth it in the long run.  As far as video goes...Let me start by saying I tried to find something bad, broken or annoying about the video options on Samsung's Galaxy S3. I searched but to no avail; the video on the S3 is simply perfect.  First, with a 1080p at 30fps video camera, the quality is just as great as you will find on the best high definition T.V.'s  on the market.  For instance, I tried using the Skype application on my S3, so I could video chat with my daughter, who lives in California.  The video quality was comparable, if not better, than what it is on my computer, which allows me to see my daughter even when I'm not at home in front of my computer.  However, if I was forced at gun point to come up with something negative about the video aspect of the S3, I would say, that at 30fps, you may experience some slight lag if the objects/people you are recording move too quickly.  I only experienced this lag once, when recording moving cars while running, and it was hardly noticeable.  Overall, Samsung's Galaxy S3's video camera is a strong selling point to take into consideration when looking for a new phone.In summary,  I'm very happy with the fact that I purchased a Galaxy S3.  The huge size of the screen, along with the resolution, is incredibly useful when texting, emailing or playing games. The cameras on the S3 come in handy in pretty much any situation I can think of, so it's nice to be prepared for anything and everything. The video camera is easily the best thing about the S3 in my opinion, and it was the final thing that helped me to decide to purchase a Galaxy S3.I hope this review helps those of you out there who are looking at possibly purchasing a  Galaxy S3. I realize there are other specifications and options that could be covered in a review, but I chose to focus on the main things that are important to me, and I assume to some others, when looking for a new phone.  Buying a smartphone is not an easy decision, especially with today's economy, so remember to take into account the additional data costs that you will have when purchasing any smartphone.  Last night, I made the decision to write this review, because it's rare when I have few, if any, complaints about a gadget I decide to buy and, with the Galaxy S3, that's exactly what I bought.

Perfect for Android.

Had the phone for a grand total of two days now, and so far love almost everything about it! The only problems that I've found so far is that the battery lasts far less than the Blackberry I had before, which I had expected, and the fact that there's no native podcast player built into the system. The first problem is no real surprise, and the second is only a minor annoyance. As I get more experienced with the phone, I'm sure that I will continue to find that I love it!!

The S3 has been really good to me, the high screen resolution lets me scale down text small and still have a crisp UI. It's snappy and responsive, even on stock unrooted ROM. I usually have over 50% battery at the end of the day and I use WiFi all day... 10/10, 5 stars. I'd be happy with it even if I spent $100, and Amazon charged $9.99.

I took a look at several Samsung products (including this model S3) at the ATT store today. I was very dissapointed with the screen brightness. All the newer Samsung phones displays were much dimmer than my current old LG Smart phone. These Samsung phones were all set to their highest brightness settings. I had the ATT store reps check the S3 brightness settings and they agreed the S3 is not very bright even on it's highest brightness setting...

I really love this phone It has so many features oni it.  It take good photographs andis easy to use. I  reccomend this phone to anyone looking for a good smart phone.

I bought this phone thinking that it is best in the market based on reviews.here is my take on the features I expected to be best.Phone Camera - 8 mega pixelWhen I went out to take picture and subject moved little or your hand moves little, the picture is fuzzy and useless, Compare that to iPhone...I went to AT&T; store to find out solution and I was suggested use multiple shot feature...come on..No worth.Screen is bigI have to hold the phone in one hand and my fingers kind of wraps around the phone and while entering a phone number, screen is going on and off...Very disturbing...One of my Friend told ..Hold the phone from bottom..you will not see that problem..Come on man..this is the best phone..Google searchWhen I went to Play book Store to replace default google search, It says Phone is not compatible..Come on ..this the latest phone from samsung. Why I will replace Google search because..It will search everything on web and will not show you your local result as it was on my earlier HTC phone...Very sad SamsungBattery SucksIf I have my 4g on all the time ...battery will discharge in matter of 5 to 7 hours..AT&T; Store person said, Disable 4g when you don't need..yes then I will go pick up free non smartphone.Speaker sound is just not enough.Google 4.1 Jelly bean is a dream to be come true on samsung latest phone....Joke.I hope all above problems will go away with Jelly bean.These are enough to have samsung galaxy s3 for 2 stars.2 stars are for Video screen display only.Will not buy samsung phone again.Ash

wife told me if u r going overseas get a smartphone. last year this cost$199 from att  i paid 00.1 cent amazing...now i am learning to text  etc. only problem is att would not give me international calling plan or world traveller  untill i had acct for 3 months  bummeri leave in september thats no good but phone is great...Try using  VIBER for free overseas calls  awesome apps

I had upgraded from a Palm Centro, which I was using after my Palm Pre had an "accident", so the Galaxy SIII was a HUGE improvement.  My mom has an Infuse and I liked that, but I'm much more tech savvy and knew I wanted the S3 the first time I saw a commercial.  (Incidentally, the S3 is about the same size as the Samsung Infuse.)As a college student, this phone has been so much more useful then I would have guessed.  I have saved PDF files to it so I can read them if I'm waiting somewhere, I have apps to keep track of my assignments and schedule, I even can view MS office documents on the go (was completely impressed when I discovered I could also view PowerPoint slides).  Occasionally I will check and post to Facebook, but I use my S3 more for useful things than social networking.Battery life is better than I expected.  I don't talk on the phone a lot, but I do use it quite a bit.  I usually spend 30-45 minutes between my first two classes playing a game or using my e-reader app on my S3 to pass the time.  When at college I leave my phone on, I just silence it so I can check it between classes, and by the end of the day on Mondays, my longest day (8 hours), I still have 50%-65% battery life left.  I leave my Wi-Fi, GPS, and Sync on all the time, and usually have Mobile Data turned on so I can use data outside a Wi-Fi area (which I love that option, just in case I'm getting close to my data limit).  Rarely have I needed to charge it before I'm ready for bed (I think there were only two nights in a row I had to charge it early when an app went funny and drained the battery).  If you are going to be a heavy user, I'd suggest picking up an extra battery or carrying a charger around everywhere - it is a smartphone after all, and we all know by now smartphone battery life is not the greatest, even if this one does have a better battery life than others.While the phone is wonderful, I have to say it isn't quite perfect.  The back is very slick, so without a case it can be hard to grip, and even would slide its way out of my pocket a little bit when I sat down.  I bought a Ballistic SG case, which also isn't perfect, but it has a wonderful grip and solves my pocket-sliding problem.  The S3 is rather large - something wonderful for the display, but not so wonderful if you carry your phone in your pocket.  It does fit in mine, but sometimes just feels bulky.  I have had the S3 freeze to the point where I had to restart it at least twice in the two months I've had it, but nowhere near the number of times my mom has had her Infuse freeze.  S Voice is a nice feature, but is far from perfect.  The recognition is inaccurate and hardly saves time.  She did tell me she was sorry I felt she sucked, which was at least worth a laugh.That said, I would definitely recommend the Galaxy SIII.  No phone will ever perfect (regardless of what Apple fans might think), but the S3 is close enough.  Sometimes I get the "oooo" gasp when I pull my phone out at school, but by now most people have seen it.  Even my math professor was impressed just because of the screen size when I was using the calculator on my S3, and he's an Apple guy.  My neighbor was jealous, but now her husband has one.  My one brother asked to use my phone when he visited because he wanted to watch a video on YouTube.  I asked him what was wrong with his iPhone (4), to which he replied "your screen is bigger."  He might be slowly seeing the light after realizing how free the Android OS is compared to Apple's restrictiveness, and he was impressed with my S3.  If S Voice was more accurate, he maybe could have been swayed from the dark side and joined the rest of the family (we all have Samsung phones: my S3, mom's Infuse, and my other brother's Solstice 2).  I've already told my mom her next smartphone should be a red Galaxy SIII, but she has a long wait until she's eligible for an upgrade.

Easy to handle and I have been using it for a year. This one I bought it for my child .

Had several issues with the phone and recent minor update released by ATT made it worse. Dropped calls, deleted contacts, often freezes, slow response....... And this is happening only with ATT carrier and their crapware, just check the number of people complaining. I called ATT and the response was; we know the software issues but you are stuck with it. I paid to break the contract and moved on, this after being a 8 year customer with ATT.

I've had the new Galaxy 3 for a few days and it has really grown on me. I upgraded from the Galaxy S (Captivate) which I loved as my first smartphone but I got it as a free refurbished model so it had a few issues (nonfunctioning GPS and random hiccups and restarts here and there). I was a bit wary of sticking to Samsung after having a bit of trouble with the previous Galaxy model. Despite the hiccups of my personal copy of the Galaxy S, I decided to give the III a try.After opening up the beautiful box that the Galaxy III arrives in, I was a bit dismayed that the phone seemed a bit flimsy. To insert the battery and SIM card, you basically have to pry off the cheap plastic back cover with your fingernails. It seemed a bit strange, especially since the Galaxy S had a sliding metal cover and was built like a hockey puck. This is my one main complaint about the III. The Galaxy S is going on strong after two years of drops and falls without any protective casing but I don't feel that the III can sustain such heavy abuse. I'm sure it will survive a few accidents but I don't think I'm comfortable subjecting it to my previous carelessness with its predecessor. After sticking the battery in, the casing feels a bit more solid and the back cover locks in tightly.Also, memory expansion and replaceable battery gave the III an edge over other new smartphone models. The III also comes with a nice set of headphones/mic and of course a charger.In terms of size, it is pretty obvious that the III has a much more screen space and is much larger than the Galaxy S and many other smartphones. I have small hands/fingers but I was able to manipulate the Galaxy S with one hand. Not so with the III but that's hardly something worth complaining about. The screen is big and beautiful. Colors are crisp and the contrast is very good. I think the screen isn't as bright at the Galaxy S screen but it is still an improvement as the colors aren't as jarring.The phone runs rather nicely. It's very smooth and I feel intuitive. Coming from Android Gingerbread, ICS isn't too much of a change. Switching tasks is a breeze and it is noticeably faster than the Galaxy S. It also outperforms my boyfriend's Motorola Atrix 4G which also has dual-core (though, it is now two years old). We ran the same tasks and app on the both the phones and they have parallel performance. Additionally, a Quadrant Test ran at 4758 (if that means anything to you). The Atrix tested at 2091.Another reviewer complained that the phone ran hot. I didn't really see this as an issue with my copy. It does warm up a bit but no more than the original Galaxy S and not to any concerning level.The S Voice is a nice addition and works surprisingly well. I've never tried an iPhone or Siri so I can't compare. S Voice is a nice touch but I felt a bit slower than expected. It is far more accurate and intelligent than whatever voice function the Galaxy S had. It is very sensitive to a fault so it will attempt to decipher any kind of utterance (so no thinking out loud!) There are a few things that are pretty gimmicky like the Smart Stay which is supposed to keep the screen active while your face is watching it. We felt that this feature was unnecessary and may be a potential battery drain since it will recognize your face even if you aren't actually looking at the phone. It may be a useful feature for movie viewing. Fortunately, this feature can be easily disabled.The two cameras are really good. I am a DSLR user and I'm big into photography. I thought the Galaxy S camera was OK but the III's cameras are a big step up. The rear camera focuses very, very quickly and with a touch of the screen you can easily change the focus of the photo before you take the picture. Obviously, it cannot compete with DSLR photographs but it takes pretty decent photographs for a phone. It doesn't exactly rival compact point & shoot cameras but it is close.The III also comes with some useful apps like Kies Air which allows you to change your phone around (edit contacts, add music, etc) through your computer without having to plug the phone into USB. This a great feature especially when you are getting started with the phone for the first time and are importing data. There's a fair amount of crapware from AT&T; but they can be easily removed or hidden. You can easily hide apps by going to Application Manager, hitting Force Stop and then Disable. This can quickly remove unwanted or rarely used apps without having to root them.Battery life on smartphones is terrible in general. With moderate use, I can get through the day with some battery left to spare so it is good enough. It lasted 12 hours of regular use of GPS, apps, phone calls with 10% to spare.Overall, I'm pretty happy with the phone.  Other than investing in a good protective case and learning to be more careful, I can't really find much to complain about. I'll update my review as I go along but so far, I recommend it highly.UPDATE: A month in and I still love this phone. It is incredibly fast and reliable. I haven't had it crashed once so far. The processing speed is great. I used to shy away from using my previous smartphone to do quick internet research because it was slow and unreliable. The SIII really makes you feel that you have the world at your fingertips. Very quick.I am an AT&T; customer and I ordered this phone through Amazon. There were a few problems when my account was transferred to this phone but AT&T; quickly cleared it up. As for the network, I know AT&T; is well-known for having a crappy network. Having been an AT&T; customer for a long time, I don't know any better but unless I'm in a known dead-zone like a basement or a dense apartment building, I have had no issues with connecting onto the network or making calls. No dropped calls so far, also (which is amazing because my Galaxy S would drop calls ALL the time). Still in love with this gizmo.

Running CyanogenMod 9 AOKP, I'm able to go more than a day without recharging.  I'm overclocked to 2.1ghz.  That combined with 2GB RAM, there is nothing this phone can't do.

I purchased the Samsung Galaxy S III in pebble blue from Best Buy about a week before Christmas in December 2012. The phone is nothing short of amazing, and fulfills everything one might expect from a cell phone, but a lot more, as well. It is now running Android 4.1.1 after an over-the-air update from AT&T; and I could not be happier. A few observations, in no particular order-(1) The processor seems lightening fast. Web sites load almost instantly, with ether the stock android browser or Chrome, which I use most often. Colors are rich but accurate, and scrolling is rapid and seamless, without hesitation or blur of any kind.(2) The phone can be customized in almost every way you can imagine. You have complete control over who can call or text, and when they can do so; the type of notifications you want or do not want from the apps you use; ringtones and text tones can be set for individual contacts, etc., etc. If you can perform a simple Google search, you can learn how to do anything the software s capable of, which is quite a lot. I had always been an iPhone user, with modest tech knowledge at best, but I picked up Android quickly. If you use Gmail notifications are always pushed, either with or without an audible alert. Two step sign-in verification is also readily available with the Google authenticator app. I use a number of apps on an almost  daily basis that are arranged on seven pages, and, like a great many folks, I would imagine, I have other apps that I use more infrequently. A large weather widget is in my home page, as well as toggle switches for settings, ring or vibrate, driving mode, and flight mode. Google calendar fills another page.(3) Things that could be improved- well, those who complain about being able to see the display in sunlight are correct, but I think that is a problem for all cell phones. Battery life seems comparable to the iPhone 4S my wife inherited from me- she loves her iPhone and is not interested in an Android OS, although she does like the Nexus 7 she got for Christmas. But, really, you can charge a cell phone from almost anywhere, from the included AC charger, from any USB ported computer, or any car with a functioning DC socket (cigarette lighter).  I recommended theMotorola Vehicle Power Adapter micro-USB Rapid Rate Charger, and if you're really concerned about battery life, you can pick up a spare battery, whch is easily changed by simply removing the back cover, as well as a charger for your spare. The OEM battery isSamsung Galaxy S3 Replacement Battery (2100 mAh) for AT&T;, Sprint & T-Mobile Models, and you can charge your spare battery withSamsung Galaxy SIII Battery Charger with USB Output, Exclusive Black And Green Color Key Chain Kit. I charged my spare and set it aside, because I just have not needed it. Today I switched my regular battery with the spare, which had been sitting on my dresser top, untouched, for at least a month, just to see how much charge it had retained- and was delighted to see 89%. The spare battery fits perfectly inside the clear plastic carrying case that was used to carry Gameboy game cartridges.(4) Security a concern? I have used Google Play Store without incident, but by all means, take advantage of free anti-virus software to protect your phone and data. I use Avast for virus/malware protection and a fantastic app called Cerebus (a British paid app, inexpensive, but worth every penny) for locating or locking or wiping a lost phone.(5) The stock Samsung keyboard is dreadful, and a serious drawback to the phone if not remedied. The best $3.99 I ever spent, and one of only two apps I have paid for so far, is Swiftkey. If you buy this phone, waste little time in using the Google play store to download and install Swiftkey. It is at least a thousand times better than the stock keyboard, and now predicts the next word I am going to type with amazing accuracy.(6) Did I mention the expandable memory- up to 32 GB? Again, I am completely happy with this phone in every way. I recommend it wholeheartedly, and without reservations of any kind.

I've had this phone for almost a year now and it is fantastic! Even though it's an old model, it still fulfills all of my needs.

I have to start by pointing out that I love technology and as such I like to try everything and rate everything based on usability, design, performance and comfort. That being said, the Samsung Galaxy S3 is a power to be reckoned with. The display is excellent, maybe not as good as the iphone 5 but it's not much behind and in reality, screen resolution on a cell phone is not that important. The phone's speed is also astonishing, more than most will ever need- I can't really comment on gaming performance as I really only play video games on consoles- and with day-to-day use the phone never lags or crashes, even without killing running apps.I've read on many forums that people think the phone feels cheap, especially when compared to the iphone which in my opinion is false. The phone is made of plastic but it doesn't feel cheap, rather, it feels light for a device its size. However, this is my opinion and each is entitled to their own.Overall, I think this phone is excellent; the design is beautiful, the processing speed is top tier, and Android is a great platform (especially because it's based on linux). I highly recommend this phone to anybody wanting a phone with a screen that can be used to surf the web and any techie wanting to use a platform that is both user friendly and open for tweaks.

I rooted this phone the second I got it. Samsung makes horrible, cluttered software. I'm running liquidsmooth 2.9 without issues. Great hardware. Well worth the price.

Google "samsung galaxy s3 screen crack", you will see there are so many new Samsung Galaxy S3's screen cracked easily.

I've had this phone for a few months and I have to say, given the choice again, I wouldn't have purchased it.  While it does have some nice features, I have a difficult time picking up the phone and not hanging up on my calls.  I carry it in a case on my belt and every time the phone rings and I reach for it, no matter how I grab the phone from the case, I disconnect the incoming call.  If I do manage to take the call, I have to move the phone away from my face to see where the button on the side is to lock the screen so I don't touch something on the screen when I'm talking.  I just tried to take an incoming call that I've been waiting for and I disconnected them again.  When I called the business back, I get a phone tree and no way to reach the person who had called me.  This is extremely annoying and frankly I'm ready to bash the phone with a hammer and go back to my old flip phone.  What a pain in the butt.

This phone despite the hype it had feels so cheap. The body specially feels like cheap plastic in hand. I replaced it with Nokia Lumia 900 and am pretty happy with my new phone, it's easy to hold and feels wonderful and solid. In addition, microphone has a very poor quality and battery life is very low.

This purchase is a result of my decision not to go backwards in technology. I thought of getting an old bullet style phone to simplify, but after having this phone for 2 weeks, I'd never go back. This makes my life simpler than ever! Work email, personal email, movies, and music (on my 32g sd card) makes this the best tool/toy yet! I encourage you to decide on this phone, because it does so much more than a phone. I always said the iPad was like a smart phone without the phone. This is like a tablet with a phone! Before purchase, the size was a concern, but that has been proven moot. I bought a slim case and it fits neatly into my pocket and feels very comfortable in hand.Pros:- Weight- HD display (amazing)- Camera/Video are unbelievable- Device Help App is very helpful- SD Card Slot makes it expandable to 64g- Keyboard (quarty, and not on the main display so I can choose if I want a pre-spelled word...love that!)Cons:- None!

Is this phone a non contract phone. I realize its for at&t.but I'm looking into unlnocking it and I want to know before before I buy thanks

The phone is to big for your pocket causing the natural curve in your leg to fray the edge of the glass. It's a horrible design and Samsung isn't doing a thing about it. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!Get an iPhone, Windows phone or a Verizon Droid.Here's a photo[...]

The Galaxy 3 is about the best phone I ever owned.  I have used both Apple iPhone and HTC and have found the ease of operation on this Galaxy 3 is superior.  Love the style and it's loaded with lots of great features.

Ok, I loved my Captivate, but there were apps I added to make for a better phone usage experience. Well, Samsung must have figured it out, and I didn't have to download as many replacement apps as I did with my Captivate. I did get "Business Calendar" to replace their calendar, but their calendar is actually pretty cool. The camera app is much improved, and so I don't use my paid "Little Camera" app very often. I don't need any folder making apps either. I used to have an app that made noise when the call ended - Samsung has that now! :) I'm sure I'm missing more things, but I'm sure the other reviews will cover more areas to brag about.I don't like their e-mail app (or google's for that matter!). I also don't like their chat app (I use "Pansi" instead). S Voice could be much better. She doesn't always understand me, or she thinks she does and it's way off and I end up auto calling the wrong person. She has potential though...LOVE the color... I hated the white as it looked cheap. But, the blueish purplish metallic look .... heck yeah! With a clear TPU case, you can totally enjoy the look.

My boyfriend and I both bought new phones and they are amazing. Came on time and were perfect for our needs.

I have read lots of geek reviews and visited AT&T to play with different phones.  Talked to a lot of people.  In summary, the new Nokia Lumina 920 won hands down.  You can read the reviews on Amazon for this phone it is much higher rated then the Samsung and those details helped me make my final decision.  I choose to purchase the Nokia Lumina 920 which I got in Yellow.  It has worked perfectly since I received it, easy to set up and integrates flawlessly with my work environment and personal life like SkyDrive, etc.

So I had the iPhone 5 and while it is cool I just hated the harsh lock-downs apple put on it. So then I traded for this phone. So far im impressed, its like Samsung put their best work into this phone to become a genius. This phone by far is the best I have ever Owned and I would recommend it to anybody who likes Samsung or who likes the top of the line smartphone.

I moved from iPhone 4 to S3, due to the hype that was created for this phone.It has several positives in terms of features; no doubt its a winner in terms of features when compared to my old generation iPhone.Pros:Loads of new features:* Large 4.8 inch Super AMOLED screen* 4G LTE for high speeds* Beauty of ICS 4.0* Built-in/Free Navigation with very good sound* Very light weight and doesn't feel that i am holding a mobile in the hand* Handwriting for emails/messages (this is extremely awesome, i loved it)* Memory Card Slot (i am using 32GB, but this allows upto 64GB)* Burst mode on the Camera* Flash Player compatibility* Mini HDMI port* There are several other new features too; but which i don't useCons:* Battery Backup (almost worst). Switched off GPS, Bluetooth, Mobile Data (while at home), Wi-fi (when not using), I have to maintain my phone with 5% Brightness to save the battery life, killed all the processes and ensure that nothing is running in the background. After doing all these, the charging stays on the phone for a maximum of 12-15 hours with average browsing and calling. This is HIGHLY DISAPPOINTING.* Screen is completely dark while operating outdoors/under the sun - Phone is completely black while using outdoors (or) under the sun. Nothing is visible on the screen until unless i cover the whole screen to read the screen. This is as simple as operating the phone in switched off mode. This is HIGHLY ANNOYING.* Outlook/Exchange Email - Looks completely like a webmail and not like an Outlook/Exchange mail. Look is not good and the very less options.* Plastic - Plastic used to make this phone is pretty cheap.* Grip - Phone has highly smooth finishing, doesn't have any grip.  It slips from the hands at times during regular use. I have to order a different case that has high grip, after noticing this.* Brightness - Brightness level is not centrally controlled. You'll have to adjust the brightness individually for browser, and all other apps.For Videos, the brightness adjustment is not available and the videos look very dull while playing.* Browser Web Pages - It pulls up the regular web pages on majority of the web sites (even though the websites have mobile pages); rather than pulling the Mobile web pages (for easy readability). So we need to zoom, move the screen right or left to read the text on majority of the web pages.* Memory card slot under the back cover - It would have been great if the memory card slot was provided on the side of the phone. Opening the Cheap plastic cover on the back of phone is highly scary as its gives a feeling that it could break. We will have to open the back cover every-time, take out the Memory card to add new music/videos.* S-voice - This is completely junk and doesn't work during 75% of the times (anyways, i don't use this much)

Ordered this phone for my son for Christmas. Would have picked it up in the store when it was on special, but they require you to activate it immediately, and I wanted it to be a surprise. I called Amazon customer service to find out how strict they are with the activation within 14 days rule, and she said very strict - something you should be aware of if you don't want the recipient to know about the order ahead of time. I ordered it on the 11th, and my son activated it on Christmas Day with no issues. He loves the phone, as he's been wanting to switch from iOS to Android ever since I made the switch last year. The photo quality on this phone is amazing! Better than my husband's iPhone 4s, and the larger screen size is great for watching videos, gaming, and/or anything else, really. The interface is very easy to use, once you get the hang of it, and the speaker/phone quality is excellent. We love this phone!

Needed a new phone and Picked the S3 from for its slimness and large screen. It's a great phone so far. Fast when on the web and has a great camera...takes great pictures. I like in Kodiak, AK and my service has been great...no lost calls with this phone yet.

I bought this phone for my husband to replace his Motorola Matrix that stopped working for no reason. I was thinking of keeping this one for myself & giving him mine but realized nothing was wrong with mine!

A bit late to write a review, but I like to really get to know a product before I review it.  I've used this phone for over a year now.  I previously used an iphone 4.  Android seems to be too complicated for its own good, but I still like the OS better than IOS.  I hate how it's always asking me what program I want to use to open up an application.  My problem with this phone is basically the hardware.Pros:Large ScreenUniversal micro usb chargerchangeable batterymicro sd slotCons:Curved screen- pointless and difficult to put on standard screen protectorsOverheats- I can never use maps without the phone getting REALLY hot and the battery discharging maybe 50% in 1/2 an hour.Battery- It literally discharges so quickly just sitting there without any use at all compared to my iphone.  It's not only my phone, I've compared it to my friends other Samsung devices and their battery life in general are horrible.  I also have made it a habit to clear the memory and close apps periodically.colors- The colors are not true to life, they are overly saturatedBuild quality- very poor and cheap plastic feelcamera- not as good as the Iphone4- pictures look bleached out and anything not outdoors is very blurry.

I recently switched into an S3 from an iPhone 4S, and have to say I'm happy to have made the change.First, the cons. The phone feels pretty flimsy and fragile out of the box. The first time I opened the back to put my SIM card and battery in, I was half afraid the cover was going to snap in half. The battery adds some much needed weight and makes the back feel more solid as it isn't hollow once the battery is inside. That said, I still wish they had made it another millimeter thicker or went with a more durable material and I recommend investing in a decent case and would avoid opening up the back more often than is necessary.I also experienced some problems getting the phone to re-connect to saved wifi networks both at home and at my business. It would often give an error claiming poor signal strength even if the phone was sitting next to the router and showed a very strong signal. A Google search told me I wasn't the only person having this problem. Apparently the phone doesn't completely support WPA2 encryption. Changing my network security to WPA mostly fixed the problem, but I still occasionally have to turn off and restart the router to get the phone to connect to the network.The positives include just about everything else. Hardware wise the phone is very solid. The display isn't quite as good as the HTC One X, but very good nonetheless. The processor is very fast as is the LTE internet if you're lucky enough to live in an LTE market. Even away from LTE though the HSPA+ backhaul network is pretty fast. The signal isn't quite as good as my iPhone, as I have no signal or 1 bar where I previously had 2-3 bars. I live out in the sticks though and always have 4-5 bars in town. When I do have a signal it seems very reliable. Have only had 1 dropped call so far and that was in an area where AT&T; is pretty notorious for dropping calls, while previously I had them on a pretty regular basis no matter where I was.I also really like the removable battery and the expandable memory, a feature that the current flagship smartphones from Apple and HTC lack. I'm quite careful with my phones so the battery is often the first component to fail so I like knowing that I can replace it easily if I need to. It is worth noting however that the S3 currently does not allow you to store apps or app data to the micro SD card- they must be saved on the internal memory which makes me wish that there was a 32 GB version of the phone available in the US like there is internationally. I didn't realize this when I bought a 64 GB micro SD card. I probably would have gone with a smaller, cheaper 16 or 32 GB card had I known. I hope this changes when Jelly Bean rolls out.Add in the fact that Android is the best mobile OS available and its tough to make an argument to buy anything else. Plus Samsung gets bonus points for their amazing marketing campaign centered around the S3.

Just received my new Samsung S III and I love it even better than the iPhone or my old HTC.

Its a decent Android phone but nothing amazing.  Samsung did not use their best screen and its yet another Samsung phone that feels cheap and plasticky.  I do like the blue color.  Like any Android phone you must root and use a replacement rom to get rid of bloatware and that horrible touchwiz interface.  AT&T LTE is not nearly as widespread or as fast as Verizon.

My wife has had this for a full month now and loves it.  We haven't had any problems with lock ups, dropped calls, or any strange behavor.  Put it in an otterbox case for protection and haven't had an issue with it.  I have had a lot of dealings with Iphones through my work and I enjoy this phone so much more.  We use the amazon app store with the phone and enjoy it very much. I would love to have the S4 or Tab myself but can't afford it right now.  This phone is well worth the cost.

It is great and works perfectly I love my new cell phone and I recommend it to everyone good luck to all.

I had an old BB Curve 8310 with a keyboard that became too small for me to use comfortably.  The Samsung S III has a nice large on-screen intelligent keyboard.  I am a one finger typing user, but the suggeted words list it builds up helps me keep up.I have a technical background so I have been downloading and refining my phone with lots of Play Store Apps.  The breadth of apps is amazing, and many of them are free.  (Note: not all smartphones are compatible with Play Store so checking this first is recommended.)I had quite a few contacts on my BB that I did not want to type in again.  I found that I could export them to a CSV file with my BB Desktop Manager and then use a shareware program to convert the CSV to a VCF file for import into the Samsung.  Since both of theses file fomats are easy to work with I could easily edit them before the final import into the Samsung.I would recommend ordering a case with the phone.  Is very thin and the feature buttons are quite large on the sides of the phone.  Without a case to cover them a bit it is easy to keep pushing them by mistake.  This can take you to another area that you did not intend, or even power down the phone unintentionally.I would recommend the phone as a good buy for a new or experienced smartphone user.

had the s2 and galaxxy the upgrade is awsome faster and bigger will stay with samsung to the end i phone sucks

I've used smartphones for a long time, even plain PDAs before that, and every one of them was full of compromises. This is the first smartphone that I feel has hit all the right marks.1) Super thin - I have always wanted my phones to be thinner, this is the first one that I think is perfectly thin. I honestly think going thinner would make the phone too difficult to easily hold properly.2) Super fast - responds instantaneously, enough said.3) Super stable - my previous phone was a Motorola Atrix and it would reboot spontaneously several times a week. I have yet to see it happen with this phone. I also use a microcell and the Atrix would lose the ability to connect to it and I would have to reboot it. Not a problem with this phone.4) Great feel - before actually seeing the new phones in person, I had read about the HTC One X and how awesome the build quality was with its polycarbonate case. When my wife and I went to the store and saw it, we both were struck by how ugly it is. And I find the polycarbonate case cold and hard. The Galaxy SIII just feels smooth and rich, those are the best words I can use to describe it. And the design is beautiful.5) Beautiful screen - bright and detailedIf I had to choose a few nits, they would be:1) Battery life - honestly it's not bad at all for a 4G phone with this much horsepower and the huge screen. But we always want better battery life. At least the battery is swappable - a big reason I chose this phone over the competition.2) A little too much AT&T; crud comes preloaded on it. I hate that. There is a lot of Samsung stuff as well, but some of it is actually useful.3) Finally, while I think this phone has finally reached the perfect thinness, I think they have gone just a tad too far with the screen size, it is just a little large. I think a screen size about halfway between my Atrix and this screen would be perfect.Anyways, those are my thoughts, I love this phone and I highly recommend it to anyone shopping for one.

Love, love, love my phone.  I can't say enough about it.  When I ordered it I wasn't sure how long it would take to get to me but was amazed how quickly it came.  I was told I would love it and it's true :-).

Having given up an iPhone for this, I am thrilled with most of the features and capabilities.  HOWEVER, BE AWARE if you buy this that you WILL NOT BE ABLE to hear yourself speak when using the earbuds/microphone for a phone call.  VERY VERY ANNOYING and no app or other earbuds will fix it.  Equally annoying and inconvenient is the texting app that shows all pictures as SLIDESHOWS, which means no pinching and zooming.  There are work-arounds for this, but overall I'm frustrated. Samsung tech support told me there are no fixes for these issues.  SO BEWARE, you will hate it.  Other than these, I'm impressed by this phone.

Best phone I ever had! Install Swiftkey and let your fingers fly on the keyboard. My entire iphone fits into the screen of this beauty. The 5 will have to have some major improvements to even come close to the Samsung Galaxy SIII.I purchased this phone a few days ago and can't keep my hands off it. The battery life is the best I have ever seen on any Android phone. I used it all day yesterday, surfing, texting, youtubing, emailing, etc., and still had 30% at 9:00 last night. I've noticed that my thumbs don't hurt nearly as much either after using this phone for just a few days.The screen and text is large enough that you don't have to squint and the speed is incredible. I have to wait for several seconds for my email and messaging apps to load on my iphone 4 but not this phone.Google Wallet is not compatible with the AT&T; version of this phone so don't count on that.If they upgrade the OS to JB soon you might want to wait. I upgraded to JB on my Asus TF300 and lost Flash compatibility. This will be no big deal once more adopt HTML5 but for now you will lose Flash if you do upgrade to JB. JB sped up my tablet considerably but losing Flash is a minor inconvenience for such an increase in speed.All in all, this is the best phone on the market. Today it is $99 on Amazon and $148 at Walmart. I plan on buying my wife's today.If you've ever been curious about Android now is the time to upgrade your experience to the Samsung Galaxy S III.Still loving this phone! Battery Life is awesome! Unfortunately, the $99 is only good for new accounts. Boooo! Loyalty means nothing to any carriers these days.

The GS3's sexy specs and glossy good looks (particularly in pebble blue) won me over.  On launch day, I swapped my beloved Droid Razr Maxx, for the Samsung Galaxy S3.  Prior to the Maxx, I briefly owned the Verizon version of the GNexus (which I can't recommend at all).  Before I get into the nitty gritty details, with pro's, con's and comparisons, at the time of this review, this is the phone you have been waiting for--the phone that will make you use that upgrade or cause you to sign a ridiculous contract with Verizon.  After spending ten minutes with the phone, it's an obvious step up from the Razr Maxx and Galaxy Nexus--the former top tier Android phones on Big Red's network.PerformanceAs much as I loved my Razr Maxx (and its marathon 2-3 solid days of battery life), after spending a few minutes with the GS3, the performance leap is very noticeable.  The GS3 is silky smooth, with no lagginess at all.  Apps (particulary heavy duty games like GTA III) launch quickly and are game play is flawless.  I know many of you aren't going to play anything requiring more than the occasional fling of a few angry birds, but the GS3's ability to handle hardcore mobile games with ease is a sure fire indicator that it will be able to run 99.9% of the apps out there in two years.  In other words, this phone has the chops to allow you to make it through your contract without starting a countdown for your next upgrade.How about some real world examples of the GS3's muscle?  The Qualcomm S4 chipset with an industry leading 2gb of Ram can cut through 1080p video files like butter.  Surprisingly, it was able to play back a 23.5 mbps AVCHD file using hardware decoding decoding!!!  I was even able to take play back the file with the video in screen, while I did a couple of google searches. The average $400 laptop would have a tough time handling that!The GS3 doesn't disappoint on the audio side either.  While HTC touts its Beats Audio Technology, that's nothing more than a brand name equilizer setting with limited value-- unless you're spend $100 or more on a beats headphones (which I personally don't care for).  Sammy, on the other hand, dropped in two Wolfson digital to analog converters, which allows the GS3 to pump out lossless high bit rate music with ease.  Using a pair of Etyotic HF3 IEM earphones, sound quality was crisp and clean for music playback.  Even lossy tracks streaming from Amazon Cloud sounded surprisingly full.  Much more so than on some other phones that I own.  In terms of music playback, the GS3 is every bit the equal of the iPhone and possibly a little better.The ScreenThe's GS3's 4.8", 720p HD screen is a stunner!  The Super AMOLED panel provides rich color saturation and outstanding contrast.  The panel used to make the screen is beautifully fabricated.  the slight curve in the design makes it a pleasure to touch.  Text is crisp and I see no issue with this most recent implementation of pentile technology.  The fuzziness from Galaxy S, GNexus and Fascinate is a thing of the past.  Watching videos on the GS3 is a treat.All is, however, not perfect with the GSIII's screen.  While the contrast and color saturation are strong points for the phone, if you like natural color tones, the pumped up saturation levels may bother you.  Personally, I would dial back the saturation level if I could.  The GS2 had a settings menu that allowed users to tweak brightness, contrast, tint and saturation.  For reasons I don't understand, that great feature was some how left behind on this next gen phone, which is a real pity.While saturation is a matter of taste, the real issue with the screen though is brightness.  Even cranked to 100%, the screen still seems to be a few nits behind the curve.  I would love to be able to dial up to 120%.  The maximum brightness is noticeably less bright than the screen on the Maxx (which Motorola sourced from Sammy).  So, what gives?  I am not sure, but my best guess is that in the interest of improving battery life and to compensate for the size of the screen (and the power that size screen will suck), Sammy choose to put a software restriction that limits the ability of users to pump of the brightness.  Hopefully, this can be cured by a future firmware update.While the brightness could use a boost, this deficiency is further amplified by awful auto-brightness implementation.  When auto-brightness is turned on, the phone makes sudden and drastic adjustments in brightness even in a consistently well lit setting.  It seems as if the software has only 3 settings for brightness when it is set to auto--low, medium and high (which isn't that high to begin with).  The phone will drop from high to low suddenly, leaving the screen unreadably dark.  Until Sammy sends out a software update to fix the problem, I have disabled the auto-brightness feature.Software ImplementationThe user interface for this latest version of touchwiz is really very nice.  This phone provides IOS levels of comfort and ease of use to a smartphone beginner, but allows the flexibility for the nerds among us to customize the phone to suit our needs and tastes.  CNET and Phonedog have done excellent video reviews on the GS3's user interface and software features and highly recommend that  you check them out (Amazon won't allow links to outside sites--so you'll have to google them).I do have a few software gripes, one of which could effect some peoples' buying decision.One of the purported advantages of the GS3 over its top competitors from the HTC One line of phones is the fact that the GS3's has a micro SD card slot and accepts up to 64gb cards.  Android allows must apps to be saved and launched from the micro SD cards.  This feature allows low and mid-range phones to be made with limited internal storage because users can add their own cards.Sammy, however, wants power users to buy the bigger capacity 32gig phones for an extra $50.  To force us to buy the step up model, Samsung disable the ability to move apps from internal storage to the micro SD card.  I am not sure of the size of the app partition in the phone, but I hope Sammy didn't put too big of a restriction on internal storage or that could be a problem for some people down the road.  I understand why Sammy made the decision to disable the feature, but it seems like a low rent Apple type move to me and, in fairness, the HTC One series doesn't accept SD cards at all (nor does the iPhone nor any of the current Windows 7 phones).Another small grip I have is with Sammy's decision not to incorporate ICS's native ability to generate folders for apps simply by stacking one app icon on top of another .  Motorola incorporated this feature on its ICS update to the Razr and its native to ICS, so why force us to have to press the menu screen, select create folder and than drag and drop files?  Sammy, that's very Gingerbread of you.  A good UI should use the strengths of the underlying Software and improve on the weakness--not just make changes for change sake.  This is one of the few areas that the Sammy's "Nature" UI seems to fall short.Battery LifeGripes are over for now. :)  The batter life on the GS3 seems pretty decent.  I have had it off the charge since 8:30 this morning (its 4:47 in the afternoon), and have been using the phone heavily.  Screen on time is about 2:53 minutes.  I have done some light web surfing--shopped on ebay and amazon for a new case for the sammy.  Send about 7 or 8 emails, 10-12 tests, and made about 80 minutes worth of phone calls.  Brightness is set to around 90% (auto-brightness is disabled).  I even played about 15 to 20 minutes of GTA III, and watch about 20 minutes of an episode of Lost on Netflix.  It's now 6:33 in the evening and the battery says it has 62% remaining.  I would still be in the mid-80's with the Razr Maxx and the GNexus would have been dead or on the charger a few hours ago.I would say the battery is good--but it's not close to being in the same league as the Maxx.  The fact that it is removable, however, does give it a major step up on phones like the HTC One (X-S), Razr (original), Sony ION, iPhone 4S and Atrix HD.  In short, if you are on Verizon and don't need the Maxx's 2 full days worth of battery life, I would take the GS3 over the Razr Maxx (which is exactly what I did).CameraThe camera on the GS3 gets top marks.  It uses an updated version of the same 8MP Sony sensor used in the iPhone 4S.  Unlike the iPhone 4S, there are options galore for tweaking your photos.  I am really impressed with the sharpness of the phones, even in low light.  Depending on the shot, the camera on the GS3 (and photo quality in general) is very comparable to photo quality on the Nokia 808  and iPhone 4S.Video quality is on par with the photo quality.  It shoots very smooth 1080p video.  Color is good and the video quality is genuine HD quality for most shots.  If you shooting a sporting events or other fast paced action, or are pan quickly, there is a lag in time while the camera gets in focus.  In fairness, I see the same issue with the iPhone 4S and I have yet to see a smart phone camera do better.  Audio quality on the camera is also quite good.Call Quality and ReceptionI have had no problems with reception at all.  Unlike its GNexus stable mate,  the qualcomm radio and baseband in the GS3 are top notch.  I have excellent signal strength on Verizon's network.  Call quality is excellent.  The people I called say that I sound like I am on a landline--and they sound just as clear to me.  Data on Verizon's 4G LTE Network is also strong.  I located in the metro NY area.  I am consistently pulling 18-24mbps download and 9-16mbps upload speeds on the 4G Network.  I get strong reception for Wifi and great broadcasting for Bluetooth as well.Comparison with CompetitorsI have no regrets about trading up from the GNexus to the Razr Maxx and even less regret about trading from the Maxx to the GS3.  Despite its plastic build, I think the phone does have a premium feel.  It's not as solid as the Maxx, but no one is going to look at the pebble blue version of the GS3 and thinks--that thing looks cheap.  It's comfortable to hold.  The HTC One X has a sharper, brighter screen and a camera that is on par with the GSC's.  The lack of a user removable battery is a big knock against the HTC One series however.  The iPhone is, well, an iPhone.  As nice as the iPhone 4S may be (and it's great phone), the lack of LTE capability and low data rates on Verizon's CDMA network make it a no go for me.  On ATT, however, it can take advantage of higher HSPA+ speeds, but ATT's network has been having some issues lately.  For that reason alone, if I am married to ATT or am on Sprint or Verizon for that matter, I am taking the GS3 over the iPhone 4S.ConclusionThis is a solid phone and a no brainer if you are on the market for a phone right now and have $200.00 in your pocket!

I love this product period. The speed, easy of all application, for work and school, it's so fun to just play around and very useful all around. I look at test solutions for my school on PDF without installing programs, I can store videos, music anything without opening up any programs, view flashes, install games, transfer files with S Beam through direct wireless connections or LTE, (Direct wireless S beam took me only few mins to transfer 800 MB movie from friends S3.).I can go on for like hours but no more words. See you all later!P.S: Best wishes and you'll love the quality of the screen size as well. Samsung Note is very cool too. My dad got the white one, I got blue one and mother has Galaxy note. LOLTake care everyone~

I've had this phone for a week now and played around with virtually all the options. My main concerns were call quality, app speed and battery life. The Galaxy S III excels at all three. As far as features, the phone has more than you need. I personally like the face recognition and NFC functionality. The screen is also outstanding. Clear as day in any lighting situation. The only function that has room for improvement is probably the S Voice which is a Siri-like voice command center. It's a novelty feature that I didn't use much on the iPhone 4 and will get the same usage on my GS3.The backing does feel a little "plastic" but I plan to get the OEM flip cover which will remedy the issue. Other than that, great phone and highly recommended.

This is a wonderful phone. I recommended it to a family member who also bought one. Thank you Samsung! However AT&T still sucks.

one of the worst phones I've ever had. will jump back to HTC when I have the chance. It's glitchy, switches your saved screens at whim. And now, best of all. the screen goes black when I talk on the phone. which means that if I leave a message, I can't hang up until the other line disconnects it (thus a 2-5 minute message window with the recording saying, "if you are satisfied with your message press..." no ability to press anything, b/c the screen is black.  Whenever I make calls that require prompts I have to do so from my computer.The camera is really poor quality, and the ability to focus is even worse (compared to HTC and iphone). Will never get another.

I have used iPhone for 5 years and not comparing the look but this is by far a better phone in looks, usability and features.Android comes with lesser battery life and that is something we need to buy in before we buy this over iPhone..

It's a Samsung Galaxy SIII. The wife loves it and was a vast improvement over her 2 year old HTC Vivid.

My experienced with this phone has nothing been solid. It operate very fluid and fast. I like the fact that I have more user control over the operating system and not limited to what I can do. I downloaded many hi-def games from its play store and when I play them the graphics are so intense and clear. The text is also very clear to read and there is no blur text whatsoever. Reminds me of my how clear my previous iphone 4 screen resolution was though this phone operate so much faster than it. S voice is cool but can use a better sexier voice. S voice sounds like she is about to die in my opinion. This phone is overall excellent and has been very useful.

I loved my Galaxy S I, but it went nuts in the course of the last year--it would do the most bizarre random things, like freeze, change the ringtone or the contact pictures for people...so needless to say I was gunshy about staying in the Samsung Galaxy.  Earlier this year I slipped off to Evo-land and had a great experience with the HTC Evo One X, but at the end of the day, AT&T;'s version of the One X was too limited:  no added storage, sealed battery, too much pre-loaded junk, too much data-gobbling.  I wasn't ready to live that much in the cloud.Thus far, the Galaxy S III has been the answer to all of my problems.  It has none of the senility of my Galaxy I, it is far snappier than the Galaxy II I played with, and the Android 4.0 OS has me giddy with its response time and smooth transition from one program to another.  Yes, the Galaxy S III really can multi-task, and is happy to do so.  Best of all, I slipped in my 32GB SD Card and we were ready to go.  The HTC One X consumed just over 6GB of its built-in 16GB; out of the box, the Galaxy S III takes up a little over 4, but will allow you to slot in an SD card of up to 64GB in size for even more room.  If the battery stops holding a charge one day, I'll just open the case, pop it out, and put in a new one--how handy!INTERFACE AND SETTINGSWith the Galaxy S III's interface, there are a LOT of options that let you customize your phone to be just as you want it:  it's as if the makers of both the Galaxy III and the Droid OS decided to bend over backwards and hand you the keys to pretty much every feature you can think of.  For example, if you hate eating data when someone e-mails you an attachment, you can set the phone to only pull down attachments when on Wi-Fi, or not at all.  Check for new messages anywhere from 'continuous' to 'daily' to 'never' (which means 'manually').  Hotmail works much better now that Exchange is supported--my Galaxy I would take forever, drop out, freeze, or give me nagging, 'Too many requests' messages.Getting around is smooth swiping with the Gorilla Glass on the Galaxy S III's face, but I'm still going to grab a Steinheil screen protector.  SWYPEing is easier, too:  not only is the onscreen keyboard huge, with the keys generously spaced wherever possible, but the SWYPE interface draws your swipe line cleanly and it is easy to see what word you are SWYPEing.  Word suggest is still annoying--tap out the word "text" and get "Texas" inserted--but once I turned this off, everything else worked well.  If there's one disadvantage to the Galaxy S III, it's that both the phone and the screen are a real fingerprint magnet: the Evo X picks up stains and smudges, but was just a bit better about not getting as much smeariness on the glass.  Still, with either device the problem is solved by a quick swipe across your shirt.APPS AND WIDGETSAndroid phones now use the Google Play Store instead of the Droid Market and it works fairly well:  enter your Google account info and you're ready to go.  AT&T; customers still get CRapplications they can't remove, but your own third-party apps can also be side-loaded after changing one setting in the options.  You can't root the phone (yet, anyway), but I'm not seeing the horrible performance drag of all that AT&T; stuff like I used to.  I'm especially fond of the side-loaded Amazon App Store, which nimbly pushed all my apps down with no complaints, security warnings, or performance drops (take that, ol' Galaxy I!)Applications now come in two form factors:  Apps and Widgets.  When you tap the 'Applications' button from the home screen, the resulting screens are tabbed between a list of Applications and a list of Widgets.  Think of an 'App' as meaning "An icon I tap to launch a program" and a 'Widget' as "A thing I may launch, or may just interact with at the screen and never need to open separately" (like the Weather, the media player, or the flashlight).  When you swipe from one home screen to another, adding Widgets now gets a Windows Phone like twist:  some widgets are double-wide like a Windows Phone 7 tile, and some (like the media player or the clock/weather on the main home screen) take up half the screen--the variety of sizes also resembles the coming Windows 8 Metro interface.  Instead of feeling crowded, it reminds me of how much fun it was to play with my first desktop gadgets in Windows Vista.NETWORKING AND DATAWi-Fi and Bluetooth are very responsive:  connecting to various networks or pairing is quick.  If you connect to the type of network that requires you to open a browser and agree to something/provide a user ID before you can connect, the Galaxy S III will prompt you accordingly and automatically open the page you need.  There is also a button right on the pull-down menu to turn off packet data so you can conserve your data plan--I like that feature VERY much.MULTIMEDIAMultimedia playback is excellent:  while my Galaxy I would take quite a while to open and respond to me, the Media Player Widget makes my music quickly accessible.  True to form, I get album art, artist/title/album searches, and a very good quality of playback over the included earbuds.CAMERAThe Galaxy S III has two cameras:  one in the front and a much better one in the back.  Both are for taking photos and shooting video.  The camera on the back is for the serious picture-taking and has a very high-output flash for such a tiny LED.  Picture-taking is so fast I find myself accidentally snapping multiple shots!  The gallery of my Galaxy S I might take a while to show me newly-snapped photos, but with the S III they are not only instantly available, I can go straight into the Gallery from the Camera and not have to step out to the home screen.  Flash can be adjusted on and off, switching cameras is as easy as tapping one icon, and there are a variety of easy-to-access options, from three focus modes (Auto, Macro, Face detection) to generic 'shooting mode' settings:  Single shot, burst, HDR, "Smile Shot", Beauty, Panorama, Share Shot, and Buddy photo share.  Settings includes the ability to adjust the exposure value, and what's more there are scene modes for sports, night, party/indoor, etc.CALLSThe feel of the Contacts and Phone Dialing interface haven't changed much, but the look certainly has:  icons, contact pictures, and menus are larger on the Galaxy III's generous screen.  I found myself making fewer mistakes trying to nudge and poke my way through the touchscreen when I needed to look up a contact or merge their information.  Call quality is excellent, and answering the phone is easy.  As with all new phones, there are many ringtones, alarms, and message sounds to choose from:  I was very pleased with the variety of options this time around--the many sounds you can choose from for your calls range from soothing and tranquil to jarring and noisy.If you're looking for a new Android Smartphone, the Galaxy S III is a fantastic choice.  Its screen is bright, colorful and generous, the OS runs smooth and fast and the screen is very responsive to touch.  The number of features at times seems endless, but more importantly, Samsung have executed those features well:  this is indeed a great phone.

... And I do, mostly.  The device itself is nice.  Unfortunately, the device is only half of the story.  The issues I have are primarily with the programming of the device.I had high hopes for S-Voice.  I commute 2 hours each way to work, and was really looking forward to having a voice program that I could really use to make calls, send messages, and set reminders.  I don't care about finding every random fact, but I wanted the functionality of S-Voice.  Overall, S-Voice does all of that...  the BIG problem with S-Voice that prevents me from using it is the fact that I cannot stand to use it with bluetooth- I have tried both an ear piece that I have used and loved for months (Blue Ant) and a speakerphone (Motorola Roadster 2) that I purchased for the sole purpose of making S-Voice more tolerable...  Neither work.  The tones they have in S-Voice are not adjustable.  You cannot change the sound or volume.  If I turn down the volume on the bluetooth or handset- it just turns down the other sounds.  The beeps when S-Voice is beginning to listen and finished listening- HURT MY EARS!  I have contacted both AT&T; and Samsung to try to change/adjust the volume/sound.  It is not possible.  This is so frustrating because I wanted S-Voice to work... but it hasn't 'learned' my voice yet, and it frequently takes multiple tries to place a call or message correctly- and each try has both beeps...  it was unbearable.  I have since switched to mymotospeak.  This effeciently sends/receives calls and messages on the first try.  I do not have the ability to set appointments or reminders, and need to access navigation separately, but it is much more effective with the bulk of what I need.  It seems odd to make such a big deal about the beep... but it is bad.  When it is on speakerphone, my daughter complains about it from the backseat...My only other complaint is that when I am in the text screen, typing a message- if I receive a text while typing- the keyboard disappears.  When this happens, there is no telling what you will be pressing or sending until the screen finishes processing any pending 'touches' and/or the keyboard comes back up (about 1-2 seconds).  Some people I text send multiple messages, and my responses get odd if they send too soon possibly with a word or letter I never intended to press...I realize that these two concerns are for programming, and REALLY hope they issue updates that address both of these issues QUICKLY!  I would LOVE to use S-Voice and be able to tolerate it.  All of the other sounds on the phone are nice, soft sounds.  If they updated S-Voice and allowed users to set their own tones- it would be great!  I am confident that with use, it would recognize my commands more efficiently (I do like that Mymotospeak recognizes my commands with high level of accuracy).  And hopefully, when they resolve the keyboard issue- I will stop sending my sister bizarre nonsensical text messages (thank goodness it is only my sister).

I love this phone.  The only negative aspect of it is the battery life.  I have to recharge mid-day to keep it going.

i love this phone... it works very great just make sure that you buy a protective case because one drop and your screen will be history... they are very expensive to replace even with insurance...

Previously owned a Galaxy S and Galaxy SII and both were dropped face down all of the time. I dropped this phone and the glass shattered, even with a case. The difference between the GIII and the other two is the the GI and GII bodies beveled farther the the glass. The GIII's glass bevels past the body and will take the brunt of any fall.

Big screen is nice but all other in this phone is crap. Be aware of that this phone gets sometimes *EXTREMELY* hot, I wonder if that could cause fire in some circumstances

I won't leave a long detailed review - plenty of others have done that. I'm really enjoying the upgrade from my Incredible 2. However there is a design flaw in this phone that's pretty annoying. The volume button and the power button are directly across from each other, on opposite sides of the phone. Whenever I want to change the volume, I accidentally turn the phone off because my hand naturally holds the phone at the same spot on both sides. And if I'm looking to turn off the phone, I frequently hit the volume first. Having both on the same side or one on top and the other on a side would fix this issue.This issue aside, I love the camera (even though I had heard it was this phone's weak spot), love the voice commands, and haven't had any connectivity issues.Last, I really miss the HTC homepage widget. I wish someone would create an Android app that does the same thing. Accurate weather that animates the current conditions (love the windshield wiper!) and gives the hi & lo temp plus the timestamp. I miss my windshield wiper on rainy days. Yes, I really am that shallow.

If I could give this Zero stars, I would. This is by far the worst phone I've ever owned. I owned an iPhone 4S prior to this and thought the GS3 would be an upgrade, it was not. The battery life is THE WORST ON THE PLANET!! Seriously, I have to bring my cable charger with me everywhere I go or the phone is dead by 2:00PM. The OS is glitchy and unresponsive compared to iOS. Swype texting is wrong 95% of the time.... it takes me almost double the time to send a normal text as it would on an iPhone.Also, it uses data at almost double the rate my iPhone did. I'm not doing anything differently than i did with the iPhone, yet it uses more data. This phone absolutely sucks. Seriously, it's horrible. Phones are supposed to make your life easier, and this phone doesnt do it. It is a liability and you'll lose probably 10-15 charging cords throughout its lifetime because you are forced to bring the charging cable everywhere because the battery life is the worst of any phone I've ever seen.

The phone was great as described. the price was within the budget that i intended. apps on the phone are too good.

I love this phone. Lighter than my HTC Sense. Performs well. No freezing.  Pretty simple to use I think. Lots of cool features.  I didn't think I would like the S swipe to type--instead of touching each letter as if you were typing you glide your finger from one letter to the next.  I'm addicted to this and find myself trying to do this on other things which don't have the S swipe.*** Note to developers you may want to take the hint and start integrating this to other devices such as laptops. It is faster and a lot more fun than keyboarding---I am a Medical Secretary and do a lot of this!!I have not use the share feature which allows you to touch your phone to someone else's Galaxy S III and share a song, picture, etc...  However, I do know that the feature has an on/off setting so if you are a nervous nelly like me you don't have  to worry about accidently sharing something with another phone that is nearby.\The phone holds a charge well and I am not constantly running to a charger as I was with my HTC Sense. Not as heavy a phone as the Sense either.

OVERALL - The BEST Smartphone that I have ever owned! I have owned everything from Blackberry phones to Palm Treos.  My last two smartphones were a Samsung Captivate and a Motorola Atrix 2. This smartphone is one beautifully designed, well constructed, top of the line device! This review will be simple and to the point, if you're in the market for an Android device, this is it.PROS - Its slim form factor, the blue color, the large screen, its lightweight feel, and its variation of Android's Ice Cream Sandwich...oh and you can assign high quality photos to your contacts (that will make sense to those of you who hate the fact that MOST Android devices don't allow you to do this).CONS - It can be a bit too large for some people, I would definitely recommend that you check it out in a store prior to making your purchase. And like all other non-Nexus devices, you won't be getting the lastest Android software updates.

I'm not one to be impressed by technology, as it usually fails to live up to the kinds of demands I have of it. This phone, though, is pretty darn good! I'm familiar with iPhone, and other new phones, and the S3 holds its own. It really has me wondering if I should have shelled out the cash for an S4, because anything better than this must be pretty freakin' stellar.

I should have kept my Blackberry.  The Samsung Galaxy S3 is completely worthless.  It has a lot of preloaded programs that are of no value and cannot be removed.  It also cannot sync with a Windows PC, either wired or wirelessly.  So no way to back it up or easily load programs or data.  There is a program called "Samsung Kies" which is not compatable with the Galaxy S3.Probably the worst part is the Samsung support, which is also worthless.  I tried to get help from Samsung, but all that they are capable of is parroting your questions back to you.DO NOT waste your money on this POS or Samsung!

I upgraded from the Galaxy S1 to the Galaxy S3 recently. Much improved; both touch screen and operating system.I love the Android OS. The extra screen real estate makes an enormous difference in readability, but still fits in all my pockets. I'll keep this phone for as long as I can. It does everything I need and much more.My only complaint is that multitasking (like looking up a phone number during a call) is not very intuitive .

i preordered this phone and have had it for a few weeks. im not going to go into huge detail but i came from a iphone4 which was a great phone but this galaxy is far more advanced than my iphone. camera is great. screen is just amazing not dull  as some say. front camera is good best ive seen so far though im sure there are better out there. ive seen some reviews saying the phone feels cheap i didn't really spend too much time feeling for that as i put a case on it and it feels like any other phone with a case. this phone is a lightning fast i think it will be one of the fastest for a while. if your a non bias tech lover this you'll most likely love this phone as i do.

My husband can't seem to put this phone down.  This is his first touch screen phone and he's loving it.

I bought this phone from Amazon wireless few weeks ago. Was a pre order. I never liked Iphone though I used my wife's iphone 4 for a while. So I waited for this phone and waited 10-12 days as it was back ordered. I was very happy when I got this phone and compared to Iphone 4 and told everybody that this phone is 100 times better than iphone 4. But after few days I figured out that I am wrong. This phone is bigger, screen resolution is better but here are lot of  negative things I found. Everybody else talked about the good things so I won't write them. First thing I don't like is the battery life. Without making a single call battery doesn't last 8 hours. Then if I use some application it becomes too hot. Sometimes it freezes. Plus I compared the signal strength side by side with my wife's iphone 4 and I found where this phone doesn't work at all, I can make call from iphone 4. I used to hate iphone but after purchasing samsung galaxy s3 I prefer iphone4 than this phone.

Bought this for my 12 year old daughter.  She just had to have it and now I'm going to have it.  I pretended that I needed to set it up with our carrier and just played with it.  It's definitely not for pockets and definitely needs a protective case.  It's so big I'm afraid she will sit on it and break it in half.  The only think that gives me pause is that it's plastic and light.I bought Square Trade Warranty for it....awesome and easy to do.  It comes to about $4.13 per month as opposed to AT & T's $6.08 per month.

I just wish the manufactureres would make them more resilient.  The glass breaks way too easy and the cases should be included

The Samsung Galaxy S III was my first smart phone.  I got mine from Verizon when they first came out.I'm over a year in my contract with this phone and I don't have any complaints whatsoever.It's been very reliable and I have not had any durability issues.Have always kept a protective case on it.Only issues I had was my own learning curve but that didn't take as long as I thought it would.A Great Phone...!  Highly Recommend It.

so far the best phone that I have ever had, and it is so easy to use, pictures are nice and clear

The phone arrived ahead of time and in good condition.  The battery and SIM card were easy to install.  The battery charges incredibly fast and can hold a charge all day, even when watching Youtube, movies, or playing games.  I did have one problem.  If you sync your phone contacts to the AT&T online address book you will not be able to sync your phone contacts to your new Samsung phone.  You will get the error message &#34;browser incompatible&#34; when clicking on the AT&T address book icon.  The fix for this is to go to home screen and click &#34;settings&#34;.  Turn off your Wi-Fi, click on Data and make sure you have a checkmark on &#34;mobile data&#34;.  Go back to the home screen and click on Contacts, and then AT&T address book.  You will then be able to sync with the online address book and download your contacts.  After the contacts are downloaded, go back and enable Wi-Fi.  You cannot sync your phone initially to the address book unless you disable Wi-Fi and use mobile data.  After you initially sync the contacts to your phone it will then sync with the AT&T address book using Wi-Fi.  This is not written in any Samsung manual and I have informed Samsung of the problem. Other than that I love this phone!

I used the original Galaxy S, but after few months of use, I handed it down to my brother, and decided to go with iPhone 4 because there were lots of cool accessories and apps only available for iphone. Novelty of iPhone 4 wore off just after few months after seeing that similar apps finally arrived for Android phones. iPhone 4 quickly became boring and craving for constantly changing Android OS and more customizable features available.After playing with boring iPhone until Galaxy S3 arrived, I now feel that this is what smartphone should be. It's so amazing how this machine changed my life. Not a big fan of using camera, but I love to take picture with this GS3. Internet is super fast. I tether internet through PDAnet app with my laptop, WOW, internet speed is amazing on 4G LTE. Plastic cover feels a little cheap, but much better than non-removable cover of iPhone. I have several extra batteries, they last long time on the go. I always on the go with client to client with lots of phone calls, with 2 extra batteries, it lasts two full days of heavy calls, internet, photo, apps, etc. Amazing battery life on this GS3 is very hard to beat.Screen is amazingly beautiful. I just wonder how below reviewer rated so low on this phone. They are maybe an employee of one of the competitors to attempt to destroy sales. I think as long as people see the full potential of this phone, people will love this phone.After boring iphone experience, I don't believe that I will go back to iphone ever. Also, I was told that GS3 will be upgraded to a new Android OS later this year. COOL!!! Android OS is much more interesting than boring apple OS. This is my humble opinion.

This is the first smartphone I have ever owned. I've been around many, and looked and read about a lot, but I settled in on the GS3 and man, this is a fine phone. It's like a mini tablet capable of making calls, texting, web surfing, etc. When you first palm it, it is a little overwhelming with its size. But once you see the screen view, the size makes sense. That screen is so crisp it makes me stare at it (LOL). Unless you are a tech dude/dudette, this phone is so far beyond a casual user. It will definitely open the future to learning about these magnificient devices and their almost limitless capabilties. The only thing I would advise about this phone is that if you are a heavy user, you may want to get the extended battery (4500) which comes with a new back cover to allow for the bigger battery dimension.....or keep a charger nearby. All in all, a fabulous smartphone.

I love this new Android phone! I think it is much better than the I-Phone I had before. The I-Phone limited you to use only I-Phone or Apple products. The Android OS has no limits! The world is in the palm of your hand! There are so many more free apps you can download and use than the i-Phone and you don't have to marry it with a computer to back it up or even to make ringtones. It's just like having a computer in your hand that you can even talk to. I will never go back to the I-Phone!
