
I don't have much to say about it, except that I never thought that I could find a prepaid cell phone with all the features that you would find in some other cell phone.  I've been using Verizon for over 4 years, but I decide to cancel them next month after the end of the contract because I believe it's too expensive.I don't talk much on the cell phone, so the 300 minutes for $35 a month including unlimited text and data is the right choice for me.Although it's a 3G cell phone, it's pretty fast.  It's even faster than the 3G cell phone I have from Verizon.The beat audio is very useful for anyone who is using the cell phone to listen to music without a regular speaker.I connect my cell phone directly to my stereo, so I have more sounds option :)All my music are already on Google Music, so I only had to download the Google Music apps and I was right at home.I used to think if I changed cell phone, I would have to re-purchase the apps that I have on my old cell phone, but the good news is that Google save them for me, so I don't have to spend the money (the few dollars:)) to buy them again.  I only had to download them and I am good to go.I give this cell phone 5 stars because that's the highest one I could give.The back button is not as feasible as it is on my old cell phone and any other Android tablets, but it's not a big deal.Although it's not relevant, thank you for introducing me to dropbox, where I can upload files from my computers and access them anywhere I want.Do I have to rate Virgin Mobile on this little box also?UPDATE ON JULY 23, 2013:I just changed from a 5 stars to 1 star.  It was fast when I received it, but 4 months later, it's extremely slow.  I only use it to talk and text, so I expected it to be faster.  That cell phone froze on me multiple times.  A girl was giving me her cell phone number, but that thing took at least 5 minutes for the list of contacts to pull up, so I had to restart it.  She had to call my cell phone so I could receive it.I tried to call my insurance company to send someone to fix my battery while it's dead, but that stupid cell phone took over 10 minutes to finally dial the number.  I restarted it and waited for it to load, but it still slow.I bought that cell phone because of so many positive feedback I saw about it, but it's not a good one at all.

Love the phone but sometimes it freeze and it is very slow loading webpages. I have to re-start it to fix this problem. Overall, this is a great purchase.

Sad.  I wanted this as a backup phone for when Verizon decides to crash itself.  No available pre-paid or pay as you go plans.

Picked up this phone for my bride to be; it was on sale on VM's site and looked pretty decent. She also wanted a smaller one than the one I have (HTC EVO V). This model wasn't available when I got mine, and honestly- despite the fact that it's a lower end device- I like it more than the EVO.First off, this device is considerably lighter and more compact than the EVO, and I like the angled bottom. It makes it easier to hold, and despite its slender form it still has a solid feel.It has a 5 MP camera which is essentially the same as one of the two cameras on the EVO V. To be honest, I've hardly used the 3D picture feature on my EVO so for all intents and purposes this is the same thing. The camera is also flush with the back, not jutting out.Performance is good, and while it has only 512 MB of RAM it's really good enough for anything except maybe some 3D games. If you care about such things, then yeah- get an iPhone, EVO, or Galaxy. If not, this is really quite good enough. The device has most standard features: bluetooth, micro-SD slot, GPS, etc.The device runs Android 4.0 ICS and is generally very responsive. The screen is very bright and clear, and although it's not exactly a retina display it's fine for general tasks like browsing and email.The micro-SD slot isn't externally located, but it's the next best thing. You pop off the bottom panel where the antenna is, and there it is. No need to power it off, pry off the whole back panel, and take out the battery. Internal memory has about 1 GB free.Oh, and on a sidenote, it is a 3G device- not 4G. However, I've found that 4G coverage is so bad in my area that it really makes no difference. If 4G is a selling point for you, you should definitely check the service map before you decide on anything.In short, although it isn't the powerhouse that the EVO V is, I actually wish I'd gotten this one instead. Aside from it being cheaper, it's simply a much handier smartphone due to its size, weight, and shape.Pro:Isn't super-expensive.Decent performanceNice light, thin, angled-lip form factorVery nice screenGood camera and easily accessible SD slotCon:It isn't a handheld XBOX360...

I got 3 of this phones for my kids for Christmas it was agreat seen my kids so happy.maybe not the greatest phone for an adult but a perfect gift for16yr 14yr and 12yr old great service good phone 3g service

It comes with everything it includes and its a good phone for an hc and prepaid will recommend this to anyone

Perfect little phone !!i've had it for a month and it dose everything a smart phone shouldwithout the big price

I bought my HTC One V a little over a month ago and could not be happier. I upgraded from my old LG Optimus V which I had many problems with. The One V has been a better phone in every aspect. The phone easily multitasks without freezing could not say that about the Optimus V. I've been able to get over 15 hours between charges something my old phone could only dream of doing. The only problem I have had with the One V has been the battery indicator. I would charge the phone over night and then it would read that I only had 79% battery left. Good news is I found a simple solution on how to deal with this problem. I went into settings and then went into battery turned off fast boot. Then all I have to do is turn the phone completely off when I'm done charging it and turn it back on, and problem solved battery back to 100%. I find this a rather minor problem that can easily be dealt with unlike my old phones black screen of death. Which is another story altogether. So would I recommend this phone to others? The answer to that is yes it's an amazing phone sure you might have to restart the phone every once in awhile, but that should not be a deal breaker.

would love it ;if data for web connections worked every where instead of spots(internet/ web).and a discriptied how to use everything on it book was includedit a wonderful phone.

I was lucky enough to snag this phone on a Daily Deal, one of Amazon's excellent purchasing tools. The phone is aging, and like any technology in the 21st century, it is slowly becoming irrelevant. There is an emphasis on slowly, though, because it is only one Android OS back of the leader as of 16June2013. This phone is a good step up from basic Virgin Mobile phones, having a decent-sized CPU and beautiful camera. The thin profile makes this phone extremely portable, but it does make my hand cramp when texting/gaming for any time over ten minutes. The capacitative touch screen is a nice touch for those of you who are wary of virtual keyboards, and my sweaty hands never interfere with the smooth operation of each application and screen. I always ran into trouble with the iPod devices that use heat signatures from fingers, as the scroll would jump around from sweaty hands. Like I said, that is not the case here. The only con keeping this device from being a five-star is the antenna location and reception issues. All too often I see my bar strength spiking two or three bars in either direction, making conversation and data tranception lag or cut out. The antenna is in the the back cover, which is almost always covered by the hand through normal operation of the phone. This was especially bad when playing music over Bluetooth and texting somebody; the transmission would break up or cut out every single time my finger touched to back bottom of the case. Huge design flaw, but not enough to seriously bring down this other-wise superb device.

Is it the fastest phone? Nope. Does it have the biggest screen? Nope. Does it get the job done flawlessly? Absolutely. While the One V may not be able to compete with the S3's of the world, it is a silky smooth phone, that is durable, has excellent battery duration (exceeding 12 hours in my case). For the money, prepaid phones do not get any better. The upgrade to android 4.0 coming from 2.1 was extremely pleasant and appreciated,If you are looking for a middle of the road phone that does everything, just not best in class, this is the phone for you.

This phone is great. I did not love it at first though. It was a hard phone to adjust too. Now that I have had it for a while, its a really awesome phone. Its pretty easy to navigate and the google play store rocks! I just recently bought another one of these phones for a christmas present.

I was still using an old flip phone for the longest time and finally decided to purchase a smartphone. I went with the HTC One V because it received great reviews from various outlets, not just on Amazon. So far it has held up to the hype.EDIT- 9/21/2013Phone still works great after 10 months. If you're on a budget and only wants a phone for calling and texting then this is the phone. Be sure to get a memory card if you want to store stuff externally.3G Internet connection isn't good but what can you expect from a lowend phone like this. You can connect through wifi too, which is more recommended.

It worked really well when I first got it but after about 9-10 months the phone starts to slow down and so does the performance.The phone starts to slow down but for the price it was it was great.

Packaged well and arrived promptly! Phone was brand new and even included a personalized greeting. Thanks! I love my new phone!

I purchased this phone to upgrade from my LG Optimus V, purchased a year and a half ago. I decided to purchase the HTC One V instead of theHTC EVO V 4G Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile)because I do not have 4G available in my area.  If I did, I'm still not sure I'd want to pay the extra for it, as the 3G on the HTC One V is quite quick!I bought aOtterBox 77-20718 Commuter Series Hybrid Case for HTC One V - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Blackto use with the phone and will be doing a separate review of it, but suffice to say it provides excellent protection for the phone with a few small issues that can be overlooked in order to get the phone protected.What do I like about the HTC One V?It's very lightweight, sleek in its design, super responsive with the Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich operating system and it has an excellent GPS.  The screen is bright - too bright for me on 100%, and the 5.0MP camera with zoom takes excellent photos even in low light thanks to the built-in flash.  It also takes great 720 HD video and you can snap up to 20 photos in succession while video recording! Very cool feature.Transferring contacts from your old phone to the HTC is super easy thanks to an icon on the phone that gives you the option to do it over Bluetooth.  I did it and after turning on the old phone and the new one, both with the Bluetooth on, the whole process took only a few minutes to transfer over 200 contacts.Watching YouTube videos over the 3G connection (Sprint network for Virgin Mobile) is great on this phone.  The LG Optimus V never did it for very long without bogging down, but the HTC One has the power to do it and quickly!Facebook and Twitter uploads of photos are also speedy with this phone.Call quality is excellent, and voice dialing a breeze.  Google searches via voice, and even emailing and texting via Google voice is great!The Beats audio is noticeable even withSkullcandy Titan In Ear Bud S2TTDZ-033 (Black/Black), but would be that much better withBeats by Dr. Dre Tour High-Resolution In-Ear Headphones from Monsteror another Beats product.  I enjoy both my own music on a microSD card (not included) andTuneIn Radioon this phone.I appreciate the features of this phone at the low price point and no-contract.  I use the Beyond Talk $35 plan (I had the $25 plan, but they wouldn't allow me to keep it when I changed phones...) and have 300 minutes, and unlimited text and data.  An outstanding value that can be truly appreciated with the speed of the HTC One V.What don't I like about the HTC One V?Not crazy about the battery life.  I'm sure that once I figure out how to turn things off to conserve it, that will help.  For now it's about 4 hours with heavy video, Facebook and music useage.  About 10 hours on standby.  The manual says to charge the phone when not using it, indicating you don't need to wait for a full discharge of the battery.  Time will tell if that's a good or bad thing.I wish it had more internal memory.  You can add up to 32GB on a microSD card, which can hold videos, music and photos, but large apps won't necessarily work on this phone.  You may find you need to get rid of some to add others.The HTC One V is a definite step up from the LG Optimus line.  I think the operating system is the main reason, but perks like the 5.0MP camera with a flash, HD video, superior GPS and Beats audio for the same money as theLG Optimus Elite Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile)make this a 9 out of 10 in my book, even with the lack of internal memory and battery life.No, it's not an iPhone, nor is it 4G, but if you're paying $35-$55 on the Beyond Talk plan for Virgin Mobile and not under contract - this is a sweet phone and in my opinion, the best of their current sub-$200 phone offerings.As an added perk to this phone, you get 23GB of FREE Dropbox space for 2 years with this purchase.  Nice for storing video, photos and large attachment files from emails.Free Apps you might enjoy:  Scanner Radio, Zedge (wallpapers and ringtones for free...), Pinterest, Amazon Price Check, Gemini App Manager, App2SD (send apps to your storage card versus leaving on internal memory...), and Cozi Family Organizer.Don't hesitate to get this one if you want to enjoy Facebook, YouTube videos, taking great photos and video, GPS navigation, and enjoying your music, as well as making and receiving clear calls on the Virgin Mobile (Sprint) network.UPDATE: 9/11/12The camera on this thing rocks!  Lots of tweaks possible with panorama, portrait, HDR, group portrait, whiteboard, landscape, close-up (macro), low light and auto. You can also turn off the flash or put it on automatic.  It has a self-timer, you can change the ISO, make exposure, contrast, saturation, and sharpness adjustments. You can change the white balance to incandescent, flurescent, daylight, cloudy, and geo-tag photos.  It has an auto face and smile capture detection, and an auto upload feature. Continuous shooting is very cool, with up to 20 frames in a row possible.  You have up to 1080x720 HD video quality possible with the camera in this phone!  That alone makes it for me. You can adjust the image resolution downward from 5MP (2592 x 1552), but why?!Awesome camera!  So much more than expected.  I love it.  Boosting the review from 4 to 5 stars.  This phone has it all and does it very well for less.UPDATE: 9/25/12The initial poor battery life has been replaced with AMAZING battery life.  What happened?  I took the advice of another reviewer and let the battery completely deplete itself with normal use - YouTube, Facebook, photo and video taking, texting, GPS use and calling, and then fully recharged it.The phone learns your useage patterns and optimizes the battery accordingly.  I couldn't believe I still had juice in this thing after five days!  I'm not a power-user, but with the LG Optimus V I was lucky to get 1 days worth of use before a much needed charge.Kudos to HTC on this beautifully functioning Android phone!UPDATE: 7/8/13Virgin Mobile addedVirgin Mobile - Apple Iphone 4s 16gb Memory No-contract Mobile Phone - Whiteto their line up a month or two ago, so I switched my service from the HTC One V to the iPhone.  There's a noticeable boost in performance; even using the same 3G network, but I'm keeping the One in reserve.  It's a good phone which served me well.I still recommend it for its Android performance and features.

Got this phone to replace a LG Optimus. My main criteria were:1. Small and light2. Have decent features/apps3. AffordableThis phone meets all those criteria and does everything I need; talk/text/web (I don't play games except solitaire.) Ive had it for a little over a month and am totally satisfied for the $100 I spent.

So I had in my mind that HTC made some decent products and figured I couldn't go wrong with trying them out...last time I do that. This phone has turned out to be a nightmare. First off, like another reviewer mentioned...the Alarm clock doesn't work!!..come on now! I returned one HTC one v thinking that it was a problem with the phone, but nope same thing with the second one. Supposedly HTC didn't make the phone so that you could rely on it to wake you up. The phone goes to sleep and doesn't wake up until YOU wake it up by hitting the power button in the morning. I have to carry an alarm clock around with me now..my 'dumbphone' was way more reliable than this piece.Secondly, and this may be a virgin mobile thing, the phone will freeze up and time will pass while the time on the phone stays the same. I'll still be able to scroll around, but it's like it's lagging behind and can't process quickly at all. This phone worked great at first and then all the sudden it has come to a crawl as far as speed goes. Beware, this thing will leave you frustrated and disappointed if you decide to go for it. I'll give another company a shot for my next phone. Good luck.

i dont even know where to begin. ive had this phone for months and although at first i loved it, i ended up hating it.messagingwhen i click on my txt message threads it took awhile to load them and when i clicked on one thread it would start loading it then stop and go back to the list of threads. i literally had to click on a thread 2-5 times to finally see my friggin txt message! and sometimes i would read it and it would still say i had a new txt when i didnt. some txts it would show a simple that it wasnt received yet but got a response back which meant they did receive it. and since it said it wasnt received the first time, it would send it again a day laterreceiving pictureswhen friends send me pictures it would say "downloading" and i would finally get it a day or 2 later, most of the time.slacker radionever used slacker before so im not sure if its the phone or the app that sucks. slacker would sometimes ask since i had a low connection if i wanted to continue even though i had like 4 bars. and it would stop out of no where and i had to restart the app all over again, sometimes i even had to restart my phone- and i feel like this phone takes longer to restartthere is no front cameraa few times my photo albums were empty but if i hit the back button or restarted the phone they came backmy music disappeared for a few hours one day

I upgraded from the old LG optimus v, which was 120 dollars and this 200 dollar phones absolutely blows the optimus v out of the water. Everything on the phone flows smoothly and everything is easy to reach and fix to your liking's. The widgets, settings, apps are all so much easier to work with because of the android Ice Cream Sandwich although a few of my older apps on my optimus v keep crashing on this phone. The battery life is also almost twice as better as my old phone, and the pictures and video are just amazing. I also choose this phone over the HTC Evo and I have no regrets!

phone worked fine for a month than started opening and closin some programs on its own. but for the online sale i paid for it. its no real big deal to me yet.

I know that 'android ipod' is a bit of a contradiction, it's just easier to say than 'android touchscreen mp3 player'.  I picked this up as a deal of the day, and am currently using it as a mp3 player (not activated), and so far, so good!  The phone feels to be of solid construction, to the point where I don't feel the need to use a screen protector or case, for now anyway.  The size is convenient, I actually prefer this size to larger 4-5" phones.  The screen is clear and crisp, with good touch interface.  Sound and camera are both ok; could be better, but certainly functional.  My previous android mp3 player was a Samsung Galaxy player 4.0 (it got rained on, and have had battery issues since...).  I find this phone to be better in almost all aspects; price, screen, newer OS, camera, sound, the option to use as a phone, if needed.  About the only thing that would go in the galaxy player's favour would be that it has a replacable battery (which unfortunately didn't help my battery drain problems).  Both devices have good wifi, and GPS capability. Even at full retail price, I would recommend this phone over a galaxy player; especially because of the updated OS.To sum up, this is an excellent smartphone for it's class.  It's solid, functonal, and has relatively current software.  However, if you're looking to do  a lot of multitasking , heavy mobile gaming, or need the sleekest, meanest thing out there, this is not the phone for you.  It's processor and RAM won't be able to keep up, and it's not quite as refined as other, pricier optons.  But, for me, it is a viable alternative to any other smartphone /mp3 player out there, with the added bonus that it makes for a great entry  phone, too.As a side note, I have been a Sprint customer, and found their network to be OK.  There were some odd deadzones here and there, but for the most part, coverage was ok.  I may end up switching to virgin once my current contract is up!

I love the easiness of having a smart phone even with a prepaid plan like Virgin Mobile. The only glitches were the touch screen kind of go in and out- and sometimes it randomly dials people, which can be embarassing. BUT for the most part is a great phone for a great service.

My first cell phone ever, whoda thunk it??? Easy to setup, use & wifi if fun, already dl'd Angry Birds lol. Email setup a breeze so was activation. No complaints!! Can't beat it for &lt;$100!!!Update: After using this cell ph a year now, several thoughts. It does freeze on occasion, is slow to start & sometimes when you click a # to call, takes quite a while but a reset by holding down the power button & volume down button does the trick. Have had to do that 3 times in a year, but overall, is a good enuff phone. Camera is good enuff, so is vid capture, posting to youtube is a breeze etc. Only real gripe I have is it needs to be bigger, but guess that means buying another phone like a Galaxy S3 or whatnot. Have had no issues with memory or storage.

too bad this phone sucked. no menu takes wAy too long to go to home menu then it stopped working.

I bought this as a gift for someone who had the same model but broke it. After trying 8 different stores it was nice to find it online. The price is even lower then that of the store I originally purchased it from the first time. She loves it and uses it a lot. My only issue is it is kind of an underpowered android phone. Much better ones on the market but she likes it and that is all that matters.

I ordered this phone after i research many times  and i am very happy with it. I have black berry phone and contract runs out on Jan of 2013 so i am just using this phone for other apps and it is very good phone and i cant wait to activate and use it. :0

I know why, I was in a contract, but guess what never again.  Had the phone a few weeks and have to say, couldn't be happier.  Cut my cell phone bill in half and nothing has changed.  Service, both voice and data are the same. Living in New York City does help with the amount of towers we have.  But even with the phone itself, have the same apps (coming from an Droid Incredible) nothing is different, no problems in anyway.Saving me $600 a year with no loss of quality with the phone or service.  Best part of it all, even if I lost the phone or it cracked, could always buy another one at a low price.  Not paying through the nose in taxes either for having a contracted phone service.

I bought this phone three weeks ago. The browser is slow and doesn't track pages, preloaded apps restart themselves RIGHT AFTER app killer is used. It will not sync with my work email at all. Horrible reception. If you save logins to websites, it randomly inserts periods that you can't get rid of. And virgin mobiles customer service has not helped. I will not buy a phone like this again.

The phone is great. It's much thinner and lighter than the Evo V. 4G is not available in my area, like many people, so the lack of it doesn't affect me. I love the metallic feel. It's smooth and seems stronger/more durable than the plastic on most phones. The VM logo is located on the back of the device (on a removable piece) which is great.The camera takes decent pictures and the flash option is great. Taking pictures while recording a video is awesome too and not something I;ve seen on a phone before.I enjoy how the LED notification light is on the edge of the phone and is visbile whether phone is laid on it's front or back.The speaker sounds much better/louder than the Evo V and you can tell a difference when listening to headphones with Beats audio enhancer on, but it's nothing too special.The ICS (Android 4.0) software is great and just better in almost everyway to the previous versions I've tried. HTC Sense looks beautiful and has no noticeable lag. I've never had any serious freeze or lags, but running several intensive apps simueltaneously can slow things down a tad. The device also gets a bit warm while charging.The screen size isgood, it's not too small, but I wouldn't mind if it were a bit biger. (if you have large hands like me, texting in portait mode can be tedious)The screen color/clarity is fantastic and everything looks great. Although I've never replaced a cell phone batter, I can see the potential issues with this phone having a non-removable battery (the iPhone's been doin' it since day 1) Battery life is average for a smartphone, but with proper controls it could probably last 2 days on light use.Call quality is typicalThis phone is a great buy and I would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a well-featured phone at a reasonable price. If you're on the border between this and the Evo, I would advise this unless the 4G or 3D are significant to you. (:Pros:design, build quality, camera, beats audio, software, price, screen, battery lifeCons:non-removable battery, no sd card included, screen a little small for some

Despite its low price, this phone does have sort of a premium feel with is compact and metallic design.  It also has a very good display with its super lcd2 screen despite having an 800x480 resolution.  It has a pretty good camera with the imagesense chip with advance features like HDR.  Despite having a 1ghz single core cpu, applications run in this phone is fairly snappy and little lag issues in this phone.  HTC sense skin works fairly well in this phone.Several bad things about this phone is that despite having 4gb of rom, it has less than 1gb for applications.  I would expect that it would have 2gb or even 3gb free.  It is sad that HTC has no plans to updating this phone to Jelly Bean or being open sourced about this phone so people can do it themselves.  Despite having 'unlimited data' on Virgin Mobile's network, it piggyback off already saturated Sprint's mobile network and data speed will be very slow.  I flashed the phone to use Pageplus network and used the voice only plan instead.

It was my first Android smartphone and first HTC smartphone. I chose this one among the others - Samsung Galaxy and Sony Xperia. Now I can say that HTC One V is a great smartphone.It perfectly fits in hand, looks awesome, has very good battery life (comparing to the competition). Overall performance (CPU, GPU) is also quite good (not as fast as my Nexus 7 tablet, but as for the smartphone the performance is good). Also HTC Sense 4 has a nice GUI. I would recommend this smartphone to anyone, who is looking for a man like device. Womans can resist with Samsung Galaxy or iPhone. ;)

This phone offers the best value for Virgin Mobile. No where can you find a phone as cheap and offers as much horsepower. It's easily rootable, and custom rom is available. There is a good developer community for this device. You can even flash it to Pageplus if you don't like Virgin Mobile.The screen is great, the size is pefect and Android ICS is as good as IOS if not better when it comes to functionality, customization and integration.

I loved this phone. Takes really great pictures too. I broke it and tried to find it again and it wasn't available.

I ordered for my mom it lasted a little while but messes up a lot after while or after you drop it one good time but that phone had it days...it'll last but metal will chip off it dropped

I was a die hard iPhone user, but decided after my husband switched to a prepaid phone and was saving money and still having a decent phone service, I switched as well. I went through two prepaid phones/services that almost made me give up and go back to iPhone but this phone HTC ONE V from Virgin Mobile has proved to be well worth $45/mon I pay. I purchased it in fall 2012 and had an issue with the battery charging fully however VM sent an update to my phone and it's worked great ever since. I have experienced very few dropped calls as this service/phone allows me to talk in areas that the iPhone did not. The speed of this phone is quick, I have been able to download all the apps I need and it's extremely user-friendly. For the price of the phone and monthly unlimited service I have found this to be a great economical replacement for the iPhone.

Item: HTC One V Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile)Sold by: Amazon.com LLCthis is my first smart phone, i've had it for several months now. the things i don't like about it are more associated w virgin mobile than w the phone. the only major problem i have had w the phone is the alarm clock - sometimes it won't go off. if i didn't have a backup alarm clock radio, i would have been late for work.everything else is nice. i bought it in september for $150.UPDATE: 1/28/14phone is extremely slow, very bad lag. unlocking and rooting the phone helped after deleting some bloatware, utilizing some root apps, etc. do yourself a favor and get a phone w a better processor.

The samsung galaxy s3 is by far the superior device. But on the other hand the price of the HTC One V makes up for the preformance.

For a 100 dollar phone you get all the apps and speed you need, my wife loves it its compact and easy to use if your looking for a basic phone with all the important apps this is a good phone to get.

I have only had this phone is my posession for thirty days and the screen has cracked.  I am not happy with the quality or durability of this phone and am returning it.  I have had other cell phones and have never experienced this problem before - I take care of my phones and there is no good reason for the screen to crack.  Very disappointed!

I'm not a prolific cell phone user, but when I wanted a phone with Internet capability so I could check weather, stocks, e-mail, etc.  I bought the HTC One V from Radio Shack ( On sale $149.99) The 300 min a month plan ($35) is fine for me, and so is the unlimited data plan (throttled @ 2.5Gb) I just want to say that this is one real sweet,clean, nicely designed phone.Nice SOLID FEELING Aluminum case, beautiful display, not too heavy , not too big to fit easily into a pocket.I don't have a lot of Apps on it, and the single core processor is adequate for my needs. If your needs are similar to mine, do not hesitate to look at this phone. Also, I'd like to say that I find the curved end ( chin ? handle ?) a really useful feature, as you EASILY know---What end is UP!!

This is my first smartphone!!! I love it. I haven't had any issues with it. This was a great phone at a great price

Pretty sweet phone. Virgin mobile provides pretty awesome service for a pay as you go. The phone itself is easy to use, and has all the features you want in a phone. And if it doesn't, then you can get a (most likely free) app that provides whatever might be missing. No complaints.

I really like my phone, the size, all the apps and the way it fits on my chin.The downside of the phone is the battery. I would like an extended battery for this phone, but the battery is built in. I am always adjusting the settings in this phone to keep my battery from being drained. Other than that, I love my phone.

i bought this phone on the 25th of febuary and yeah i had a iphone before but it broke and i thought android was better. android is fine but this phone Is not really that great, the 512MB of ram Yeah more like 230 in whole, i dont play very much game's but when i do there usually 2D Games like ninjump or doodle jump, but this phone will do random reboots for no reason sometimes when im only using a app called KIK MESSENGER (its a texting app) and ill use it and listen to music /pandora/power-amp/stock music player. sometimes the phone will just randomly reboot. i really liked the phone cause htc sense was on here and it was 106.99 when i bought it, i really would like if this phone if it had more ram.PROS: Htc sense 4.0 ,ICS , nice built qualityCONS: Not enough ram and random rebootsI Want too root it but i cant find a good tutorial

i can't use it in israel.not said it the site that it is cdma onlythe network in israel is gsm only

Do not buy this phone. The price is curently $60.00 less than I paid 5 months ago, and it is still WAY overpriced. Do not believe any of the reviews you read about the sturdy aluminum case or anything else. This phone is NOT and HTC One like you get from any other contracted provider. This phone (as close as i can figure) is actually a re-worked HTC Aria with beats audio added. This phone has the slowest response time of anything i have ever used. I bought this phone to replace an LG Optimus that I had purchased in 2011. Even that three year old phone outperforms this phone in virtually every way other than memory. Supposedly the processor is faster in the One V, but you would never know it from the performance. Just as a quick glimpse at how frustrating this thing can be: it takes this phone nearly 2 minutes to restart. I can literally restart my phone, go brush my teeth and wash my face and still make it back to my phone before it is ready to let me back to my home screen. There are continual glitches like not letting me read my texts - you push the button to go to your text, it loads the text for about half a second, then goes back to the &#34;all messages&#34; screen. Push to look at thew message again, repeat. Maybe, if i am lucky, it will let me read the text on my third or fourth try. This phone is an UTTER waste of money, and i have to daily talk myself out of throwing it out into traffic.

I purchased this phone right before Christmas and I love it! I had other smart phones but this one has been the best quality phone yet! If I can tell the purchaser one thing he/she probably wouldn't like about this phone...it would have to be the camera shots not being as clear. The video camera is excellent though.

Being a low-income college student, I was looking for a decent smart phone that could fit my budget. Based on reviews and what was available for Virgin Mobile, I settled on the HTC One V. Within three months, the phone started becoming extremely laggy -- this wasn't even that big of a deal to me -- but one night I was in the middle of texting a friend and it just shut off. I couldn't turn it back on, it wouldn't respond to a hard reset, nothing. I called HTC to first troubleshoot, and then to try to get my money back, but they refused, and instead insisted that I send the phone into their facility to have it repaired since I was still under warranty. I paid to ship it to them, and they returned it in around a week and a half. The phone seems to be working all right thus far, however, something was not put back together properly because when I tilt the device, something inside it slides around as if it was not secured properly inside it. There is also now a small gap where the bottom of the screen fits in with the frame of the phone and the lights on the inside of the phone can be seen.I knew when I ordered this phone I wasn't going to be receiving the top of the line model of smart phones -- I was perfectly okay with that. But I at least expect to be able to use my phone for more than a few months before it breaks. I also expect that when I ask for something to be repaired, it come back to me in the same, if not better, state in which it was sent to BE repaired.Sigh. Never again, HTC. Never again.

Maybe I'm a tad bit late with this warning but buyer please beware. I bought this phone around October 2012 and by April 2013 I was ready to give up on htc phones. Things were great in the beginning though...Lets start with the good: Light weight yet solid phone. No plastic, just titanium I believe. So its very sturdy, I've dropped this phone down wooden stairs way too many times...Not one scratch on screen or body. The camera is pretty amazing for a phone. The pics are super crisp and clear, indoors/outdoors, the video quality is awesome, it could catch a cat zipping past ya with no blur. You can also take still pictures while recording..nice. It holds a charge really well, this phone can last well over a day.. 2% battery left? no problemo, you'll be fine for a few more hours. Now lets get to the bad: Texting, oh man... when someone sends you a text , it takes about 3-4 tries before youre able to open the message. It literally opens for .0001 seconds and go backs to your inbox marked unread. Imagine having to go through that a few times while in a quick texting conversation. Voice call speaker is cool but Music speaker volume is no good. How is that even possible? same speaker outlet... me no understand. This phone will lag viciously, and the home button deems unresponsive , pressing the home button during this will freeze your phone for a few seconds, yay! Things will continue to force close out of no where, and it gets super annoying after a while, especially when the processor crashes or whatever. Alarms work when it wants to, so dont depend on it. last but not not least, theres no detachable battery.. if you drop ur phone in water good luck.. if your phone completely freeze up until the point where its draining the system, good luck, if your power button wears out and you need to restart your phone or simply shut it down..good fricken luck.

worth it for new andriod os alone . processor is very fast also multi-tasks very well not a fan of touch keyboards. but this ones seems to learn quite fast.

My first cellphone company was cricket, who in my mind was an "ok" provider. I really did not want to pay 130 dollars a month for a fancy phone I don't use often so this company seemed like a good idea.I got a new phone with cricket, my first smartphone ever, and it was awesome (again it was my first smartphone) I noticed, I only got 1 or 2 bars anywhere I went. When I called, they said I had to basically pay for a new phone... that wasn't happening. So after some researching, I found virgin mobile and their phones.I really liked the reviews on this phone so I gave it a try.Two months later and this is an awesome phone. It has yet to freeze up on me in the slightest way, the battery life is amazing. I'm a manager at a pizza chain, so I'm constantly making calls to drivers, customers, ect. And this phone can last the whole day.I'm 19 so playing around on the internet is somewhat common (haha) , I can watch videos, download, upload, go on facebook in spare time, I can safely say 3G with this phone is another strong point.Now my main problem with the other phone, reception.... I get six bars constantly with Virgin Mobile, I never have trouble calling people or sending/receiving texts.I'm not a big camera user, but when I do take a picture the flash is a tad to bright at times. Other than that I see no issue.Ive always had physical keyboards, so the switch to a touchscreen was difficult, but you'll get use to it after a couple days.All in all, for $200 this cannot be beat, you get better service than other pre-paid providers, and you get a better phone than what other providers give you. Its a win-win.

First let me say that I've used Virgin Mobile service for a number of years for my old basic flip phone, and never had too many complaints.  I live in an area with good VM coverage so I didn't think I'd have any issues with upgrading to a smart phone and keeping VM as my provider. So after pondering it for a few months, I decided to go with the HTC One V phone.It's a good little phone.  Easy to use, and it comes preloaded with most of the apps I use frequently (Facebook, Gmail, etc.)  I hadn't used an Android phone before, mainly I've used my husband's iPhone.  The interface is similar, but perhaps a bit clunkier on the HTC.  I didn't like that the apps had a seperate button to press to access them on a different screen.  At times it made navigating seem choppy but for the price I wasn't going to complain about that.  Internet was good, I didn't find it to be too slow.  Call quality was good as well.What wasn't acceptable was Virgin Mobile's service--I could send, but not receive texts from anyone.  VM customer service response was to tell me to just keep waiting; wait four more hours, wait five more days, wait, wait, wait.  I know you get what you pay for and a lot of people might accept these glitches but I was really irritated by it.  It made me feel as though I'd never be able to know for sure if I was EVER receiving all the texts I was supposed to be receiving.  A Google search revealed that there were plenty of other people who had the same issues with VM service, even going back a number of years.  I could not trust this phone with VM as a provider, so back it went to Amazon and I painfully coughed up the money for an iPhone with AT&T.;  And guess what?  I've never missed a text.

I got this phone in a package which has the battery already attached to the phone. Normally for any cellphone, I get battery in its own packaging separate from phone. In this case the battery is already attached to the phone and it seems like it might have been used before. The screen has a cover. Normally it is not the case with other LG phones. I am not sure how the HTC phones are packagaed or if my phone is a used phone.Nate

Ive had this phone about 2 months and I love it... I hardly ever need to charge it about once every 2 days once it learned and adapted to my usage.... I went through all of the lg rumor and optimus phones before stumbling upon this one when my optimus elite died on me after only 5 months... HTC is so much better than LG... the phone has a nice solid weight but isnt to heavy or bulky... and is the best value for your money out of the line of phones that Virgin mobile offers in the usa

I bought this phone for my 15 yr old son. It's a great phone for the $$$$$$!It has everything that a teen would want in a HTC prepaid phone. He payshis on bill and, its very affordable for his budget.L.J

Basic guide included only. The screen is a little slippery (as in switches around quickly) and sometimes hard to navigate but overall I like this phone. Good features, nice looking, good price. However!! the user guide would fill in a lot of things that I'd been wondering. What's up Amazon.com??

It meets my every expectation for my personal use. And it was priced less than my service provider's sale price.

I've owned this phone for about a month now, and it remains every bit as impressive as the day I received it in the mail. The stock OS was a bit sluggish at times, so I opted to flash a "Sense Lite" ICS build that removed all of VM and HTC's bloatware. Despite its single core processor and measly 512 MB RAM, this phone is now as fast as I'll ever need it to be. Its aluminum casing is very attractive, and I like the curved "chin" the phone possesses. If you're looking for a cheap VM smartphone and don't need an excessive amount of processing power, the One V is most certainly worthy of your consideration.

At first this phone worked well. On dec. 24, 2012....... Now it runs slow, for apps, for games, texting messaging i cant get into sometimes, and the Radioshack guy said tbis phone cant hold A lot of data maybe thats why your phone slows done. and it didnt hold that many pic so i bought an SD memory card from him a few months earlier thinking thats what would fix my phone from all the mishaps..No my phone just got worse!!!!!!!!  So i dedcided to get an iphone 5  for $99 bucks, why not!!!!!

Got this for my daughter and she couldn't be happier. Just wish Virgin Mobile didn't jack up the monthly charge on this an extra $10 to $35.

its a cdma, i bought it thinking its gsm, sent it back without even opening it, they never mention this in product description

I like the body, sturdiness of the device, but am very disappointed in its performance. I really can't afford an upgrade but may have to squeeze out blood to do so. For even as I write this comment the malfunctions are pissing me off! The auto rotation works when it wants to, which is not often and makes it frustrating when trying to view video. The app upgrades do more harm than good. Apple may have been a better choice.

I was surprised to find that the HTC One V handset would not receive a lot of calls placed to it.  It would normally receive the first call but subsequent calls would usually go to voice mail.  I tried two of these handsets in two days and they both went back to RS.  I didn't play with them long enough to see what the pattern of missed calls were.  I switched back to my old Motorola Triumph and it works fine.

love this phone...htc has lots of great apps is fast and very stylish. durable phone too. good buy and easy to use.

good phone, great sound quality. seems to be a pretty durable phone and also has an exceptionally sized screen and desirable picture quality.

I never got into the smartphone market because it was to expensive so i waited with my samsung flip phone for a cheap smart phone and here it is htc one v it costs only 100 dollars and i pay 35 dollars a month for this phone i love it works great the screen is the right size and i love it

Really good phone. Good size a runs very smooth. The only problem, which is only a problem for me or those my size, is the typing screen. Fat fingers will hit an extra button or 2 every once in a while. Still a really sweet phone though

This is an excellent phone. Love that you do not need to be on a contract. I highly reccommend it.

I bought this phone for my wife as an upgrade to her LG VM670. She loves the phone in comparison to her old phone as a huge upgrade in size and processing capability. While nothing nearly as nice as the upper tier Android phones, it's a great balance between price and features for a prepaid network.The fact that it's running ICS is a great plusIt was recently on sale at retail carriers and Amazon (I actually paid more on Amazon than I would have at a brick-and-mortar store), but even at full price, it's still a good upgrade for Virgin usersIts hardware is outdated compared to upper-tier phones, but the price feels right for what you getOverall, she's happy with the phone and what I've seen about it, I would be happy to upgrade from my LG phone as well. It's at a good price point between bargain phones and top-tier phones; an option that seems to be lacking on this network.

It's been a while since i got this for my youngest daughter and it is still working. It has been dropped several times and it is still ALIVE. I would definitely recommend this product.

I upgraded to this phone after the HTC Optimus V because I couldn't take the ludicrous lack of internal storage any longer!  I love this phone!  Its the coolest cheap phone that's out there in my opinion.  I'm still dreaming of a phone with a better camera, a front facing can or button on the side to take pictures and little stuff like that, but the battery life is decent, size is good and storage is head and shoulders overthe previous. ;)

I was really hoping to like this phone, but that just isn't happening.First, I am a bit confused when people refer to the phone as "cheap," and they quote a price of $49. My opinion of it might be different if I paid $49, but I paid $189 for the "convenience" of a pre-paid service plan. I do not consider this to be "cheap."But even for $49, I would still have the same issue which is basically that the phone is extremely difficult to use. I have fairly small hands, but it is still challenging to hit a target button. But what is more frustrating is the constant struggle to "blank-out" a field so I can then move on to the nearly impossible task of entering new text. This happens when trying to enter a URL to go to a website other than Virgin's which ALWAYS comes up. Very occasionally, I am successful in hitting the button to blank it out, but it is far more likely to simply reload VIRGIN's page and make me wait while it does this. It was also an insurmountable problem for what should be a very simple task of renaming the phone for Bluetooth connectivity. I finally had to give up naming it what I wanted to, and had to settle for appending my name in front of the existent standard HTC phone designation.I could go on about other issues I have with the phone, but these are the most annoying and, IMHO, fatal flaws. It is being returned and I could not recommend it for anyone looking for a phone to use for just simple, everyday use. I cannot imagine trying to use it for anything more demanding. I have enough frustration in my life without adding significantly more from this device.

Picked this up on the gold box deal. Moved from my 25$ a month plan on my LG Optimus V to this one.In hindsight, while I am not entirely happy with the phone, it is a step up and I kind of don't regret losing the cheaper plan I was grandfathered in on.Pros!Battery life is pretty nice.Screen is bright, looks great.TONS of room to install apps. As I mentioned above, my old phone was an LG Optimus and had a whopping 200~ megs to install them.Beats Audio is actually pretty nice.Cons!Worst wifi I have ever used in my life. My touchpad, android tablet, old LG phone, etc all got 2-3 signal bars out of 3 while in my house. I barely even get the first little dot indicator on this one.Not exactly a thorough instruction manual (moving from 2.2 to 4.0 is fairly different).Phones shape is just, odd to me. It's not flat, and that little bar at the bottom pokes out strangely to me. That being said, I didn't take off any stars from the review for design issues. If it works, it works.Cell camera is kinda "bleh" but then again all of em are. BRIGHT LED flash lights up the subjects but also washes out the photos.Worse/slower data than my old LG on the same network.Basically, as I mentioned before, while I don't entirely regret losing my 25$ monthly plan and moving off my old LG, paying 10$ a month more for literally the same thing stings a bit when I don't like the reason I moved that much. It's a great phone, but there are some fairly strong cons to me about it, the major one being the weak wifi signal.Still, it cost me 50$ on the gold box deal, so if you can find it for around 50-60 and are upgrading from an older phone model, it's probably worth it. I would not, however, pay MSRP for this thing or anywhere near it.Virgin Mobile does have some awesome reps though, and when I called in to transfer my phone (mid month, and I wanted to see if I could keep my old month or if I had to start a new one), they peeked at the call record and saw I had only used ~20 minutes. Had me swapped out and going in about 5 minutes and the phone was working for texts in about 10 mins.4 stars for virgin mobile, 3 for the phone. If the buggy wifi gets fixed soon, then it'd be a 4 to 5 star phone. That slower data than my older device is really what kills the review for me.

Pros:Fantastic design, materials, and all around feel in the handSharp and vivid screenExcellent sound quality from speaker and headphone jackBetter than average battery lifeCons:If only they'd popped in slightly more ram and processing power...No future OS updates coming so no google now etcNo WiMAX or LTE support which keeps us stuck on Sprint 3GHTC got a lot right with the One series, and this is easily my favorite of the designs. Anyone coming from an iPhone will feel right at home. Speed feels roughly on par with my iPhone 4.I initially tried the GS2 variant but found it had a blurry screen and everything was oversized due to its low resolution for such a large screen. It also is a little too wide to grip confidently and the battery drains quickly on 4G.So, the One V. I love it. The chin is a great grip for watching movies or playing games as you won't trip the capacitive buttons. Battery is good, and everything chugs along smoothly as long as you don't have too much open. The iPhone 5 proves that speedy hardware and smaller handsets can go together, so I hope htc doesn't abandon this form factor and brings something new to virgin mobile soon.

I don't know what to say, except that if you need internet on the go just to check your emails in between class then this phone is for you, thats the main reason why I purchased this smart phone. Some of my professors like to send out last minute emails .

I picked this phone up when it was on sale for $69.99. Basically, the price reminded me I needed to upgrade my Net10 phone and the reviews seemed fairly positive. So far, it handles any task or apps I need it to do. It does get a little slow from time to time, but I also have a few apps always running. I haven't really had any problems with it yet.

The battery of the phone lasts a long time, everything works great EXCEPT the alarm. Apparently there is an issue with this phone so that no matter what app you use, the alarm is inconsistent enough to not be reliable.

For an off contract price this phone is amazing. The screen quality is this phone is very very nice. It almost seems like a store demo screen. Outstanding build quality for such an inexpensive price. I've had this phone almost 5 months now. At first I talked it up about being off contract, $35 price from virgin mobile. But after 5 months of use this phone is too dang slow! I had to delete most of my apps and I have to delete text messages after I read them, otherwise it will take forever to load the messaging app. The processor in this is very low end and its often left trying to catch up to basic tasks. Want to dial a number? Good luck with that! Press a number and it will take 2 seconds to respond and an additional 1 to play the tone. It's so slow that its always lagging behind to find a Sprint 3G connection. If you try and use good voice recognition for dictation, it's a joke because it can never connect to Sprints network in time to link up with Googles servers. Trust me its not the network it's the phone. The other major flaw is inadequate ram. It only has 512 M which isn't enough to allow multiple apps to be running, want to run Navigation while listening to a podcast? Yup prepare for directions to come in 20 seconds after your turn. Waiting for reroute? Your better off just asking for directions! This phone is so bad I'm going back to my old EVO 4G from 2010! This phone would be good at doing one thing, sitting in a Store playing a song and showing off its beautiful screen locked inside a glass case; so no one can see just how slow it is!!!

I have had a bad experience with this phone.  I'm on my 2nd one now, via warranty, and it continues to be a super sluggish phone.  I have to hit text messages multiple times before they open, every time.  Everything is very slow.  On the second phone I decided not to put as many apps but it's the same situation.  I had the LG Optimus prior and it was a much better phone as far as snappy goes.  Would not recommend. . .surprised to see so many good marks here, maybe I just got two lemons or the second was sent back with the same issue and re-issued to me since it was &#34;refurbished&#34;?

DEFINITELY WORTH THE PRICE AND SERVICE FOR PREPAID..THE PHONE ITSELF AND EVERY APP WORKS SO EFFICIENTLY AS IF I WAS ON A CONTRACT UNDER VIRGIN MOBILE. EVEN WITH THE NORMAL FREEZING ON OCCASION AND SLOW START UP (BECAUSE SMARTPHONES ARE NOT SO SMART), STILL A GREAT PRODUCT.

I loved this phone for the first couple of months I had it but now it lags something terrible and my text message notification keeps going off and I know there is a text message there it doesn't show under messages just at the top when it first comes in. The beats audio on the phone is really nice but as a phone to do anything else is really bad. The phone calls lag so that what I tell the person on the end conflicts with when they are talking to me so we keep talking over each other because of the lag. The internet is useless. At first i thought it was virgin mobile's network until I reactivated my optimus slider and realized REAL quickly it was the phone. I will never buy another HTC again. It is complete garbage. For the money I spent on this, it should have lasted way longer and performed better.

I've had this phone for almost a year now, and I'm definitely looking forward to replacing it.  My first smartphone was a Droid, and I really miss the keyboard, but those are pretty hard to find these days, so I've managed to adjust to the touch-screen typing, but it is still inferior to the Droid's qwerty.  However, that's not specific to this phone.  I don't get service as well as I used to, but that may be from switching networks.  On to the HTC One V:First of all, this phone is slow.  I often tap things and have to wait several seconds for anything to happen.  Or I'll keep tapping, thinking it didn't take (because sometimes it doesn't) and wind up going somewhere totally different than I intended because it is going but doesn't look like it.  So then I have take forever backing out to get to what I was going to do.  I use this phone to process credit cards with PayAnywhere for my business, and it is embarrassingly slow.  And I don't have all that many apps on here and try to make sure apps I'm not using are not running... but of course a lot of them come back when I reboot, which often.Battery life is okay if I don't use the GPS and stay in range.  If I'm in a basement where I have no reception, battery is gone within an hour.  And if I'm using the GPS in the car, I pretty much have to keep it connected to the car charger or it's dead by the time I get to where I'm going.  Sometimes when it's connected to the car charger, it warns me that the charger is supplying less juice than the phone is using... so even though it's being charged, it's still losing battery power.  And I can't carry a spare charged battery with me because you can't open this phone to remove/replace the battery.  And sometimes it randomly reboots when it's low on battery, especially if you're trying to charge it and use it, and having it be low on battery, rebooting randomly, and sometimes not wanting to come on when you are in the middle of nowhere and trying to use its GPS is not fun, especially because if the phone is dead, both my ability to use the GPS to find where I'm going and to call for help/directions are gone.The phone is irregular about notifying me of emails and social media messages, but I'm not sure if that is because of the phone or the apps.For some reason, you can use downloaded/custom songs for ringtones, but not for notifications.  This has always irked me.Sound volume doesn't get as loud as I would have expected for a phone that brags of its audio and is shaped to help project sound.But anyway, by far my least favorite part of the phone and that has me wanting to replace it is that it sometimes doesn't send or receive text messages and I don't know it.  I have to reboot often, as this sometimes pushes them through... but not always.  So I never know if people got my messages or not unless they reply... and sometimes they get their messages and I don't get the reply until I reboot a few hours or days later.  Very frustrating.  I use both the app it came with and Handcent SMS, same issue.  A cousin of mine has the same phone and has a different issue, she gets text messages RESENT from her phone at random times.Overall, I'm sad that this is the quality I get with a phone that is rated so well.  I need a better one, but not sure if it exists, other than perhaps an iphone, which I can't afford.

This phone is great a great buy for someone with a low budget. I had a phone with straight talk before this and i started having problems with it a few months after purchase. So far the HTC One V has out preformed my previous cell and it was around $30 cheaper.

I am rating the HTC Evo V 4/5 Green Stars. This is my rating from a sustainability-ethics standpoint, based on criteria that are just as important to me as function and value.I also rate this phone 4/5 Gold Stars(for functionality and value). I've had it for around six months, it hasn't crashed on me and generally does it's job well (although a small crack did appear in the glass and then grew along the length of the entire screen but that could be related to my dropping it at some point). Virgin coverage is good (particularly considering the monthly fee which is considerably lower than most companies) and I've never had problems with call quality or connection (in contrast to friends on AT&T; or T-mobile). Battery life is decent (unless you are switching from a non-smart-phone in which case you will think it's terrible; you really have to charge it once per day if you use it a moderate amount for email, texts, words with friends, some web browsing, etc.)Back to the Green Star rating: Some reasons that I believe HTC are a decent (4/5 Green Star) company from a mainly environmental perspective:The HTC Evo V is certified by the independent organization UL Environment based on use of environmentally preferable materials with a minimal environmental impact. There are not many cell phones on this list if you check the UL website.In the UK at least (and hopefully in the US soon) they have shipped One X+ phones without chargers, since 70% of buyers already have a compatible charger from another device. This effort to reduce waste is admirable considering that  cell phone companies have failed to get together to fulfill their promise of a universal charger, and Apple have exacerbated the problem recently by introducing a new type of charging cable. HTC have pledged that all their devices will be sold without a charger by 2015 (they would be obtained separately if needed).Their headquarters is extremely green, particularly in terms of energy use and water recycling.HTC offers a free-shipping product recycling service (as do Apple and several other electronics manufacturers).HTC gets the highest score on ethicalconsumer.org, one third higher than Apple and twice as high as Samsung, while LG sits at the bottom of the scale.However, the goodguide.com rates HTC in same the ballpark as Apple, while Samsung and Sony top their list and LG is also close to the top.This brings up an important issue--the criteria used to evaluate the companies vary between organizations, and the reliability of each rating is limited by the amount of time and effort that goes into conducting research into each company and also updating that research over time. That's where you come in, fellow reviewers! I believe that a more useful consensus rating on the ethics and sustainability of each product can be reached on sites such as Amazon, since everyone can weigh in on the criteria that are important to them. As a result, the average rating will represent a consensus on all the criteria considered.There are many issues (for example: treatment of employees) that I have not looked into. That's why we need many reviewers to conduct research, add their voices, and form a consensus.I would welcome Amazon to introduce a second rating scale of 1-5 green stars to go alongside the current gold star rating scale.  That way, reviewers can separately evaluate product functionality and sustainability-ethics issues, and prospective customers can consider both ratings side by side. To mix them into one rating scale can be confusing; after all would you want to buy a wonderful product if it was made by children? Or conversely, would you still want to buy a slightly greener product if people found that it actually didn't work well?Reviewers: Join in and submit your own Green Star ratings at the top of your review as I did here along with your normal Gold Star rating!

In June, I saw the EVO V for V-Mo, and snatched it right up, but had a lot of network problems and had to return it. I got the One V instead, and still have some network problems, but not as many. I have no idea what the problem is - it's not my local tower, because my old Optimus works just fine, plus I traveled with the EVO to Cincy, Portland, and Atlanta and experienced the same issues.But anyway, that is an issue with me personally. The One V itself is a great phone, probably the best available for a pre-paid carrier except maybe the Evo or iPhone (but who wants to pay that much)?I've had it since July and I am pleased with it overall. The OS lags every once in a while when switching between apps and things like that, but it's not so bad that it becomes a point of annoyance. I paid $199 for it, and feel that I've gotten my money's worth, so $69 today is a total steal. If you're looking to move to prepaid, or are already on V-Mo and want an upgrade, do it. After having this phone for several months, I would have no reservations buying it again, especially at that price.The overall performance on this phone is okay - I wouldn't necessarily say it is any better or worse than any other phone out there as far as Wifi/3G connectivity are concerned. The Bluetooth works well. The Beats Audio is something I haven't found to make much difference other than boosting the volume.One of the best things about this phone is the battery performance. I don't even have a battery-saving app on my phone, and I can get by sometimes only having to charge it every other day.This phone is pretty good overall, and if you are looking for something with decent specs but don't care if it's the latest and greatest, and are looking to get out of a contract, this phone is your best option.

I love the camera I take so many pictures of my kids it is perfect. Love the music and it hold a good battery life.. This is a great smartphone for the price and cheap plans. Totally satisfied

I was a little anxious about getting this phone. The reviews seemed somewhat mixed. I've been using an iPhone 4 for the last year, and was downgrading because virgin mobile is so much cheaper.I am impressed. The screen is brighter and more colorful than my iPhone appears. The camera is a bit better on the iPhone, I think, but I have a DSLR and rarely use my cell phone camera.The slant at the bottom of the screen worried me before I got the phone. But it is very natural feeling, I think I like the slant better than if it weren't there. Neither service nor the phone has lagged for me, and it is all pretty fast.When I first got the phone, it was a bit frustrating to get used to it (I've used iPod touches and iPhones for about 4 years now). But after reading the manual I think I've got it customized the way that I want it.The only thing I didn't like about the phone is that it didn't come with a swiping keyboard (which I thought was so cool about androids). However, there are several apps for free in the app store which will create a good swiping keyboard (the one I downloaded is called 'Swype.')I love this phone, and I hope that I continue to love it!

Was unable to use the phone when trying to activate it.  Had to transfer the phone to the company for bother. Other wise the processing was great and the pone was in the condition stated.  Thanks

Everything was great until the phone was a year old. At first it was just not opening up my texts, then it would randomly sign off the network and not let me call out, then people would call me and the phone would never ring. Now it's taking old text messages and posting them as FB statuses. The screen is slow to respond now as well. Wish I would have waited bought ane Galaxy S3 instead. The past few months with my possessed phone has been piss terrible.

I love the phone it self.  Very easy to use & light weight.  The only cons were that the phone does not come with a SD card so you couldn't take pictures or get ringtones at all till I purchased one.  Also for Virigin Mobile I read that it was free to swap phones which was a lie.  It costs $10 to swap from my old phone to my new phone.  The only other con is that it don't have a forward camera so you can use the face unlock but other than that it's great.  Love the flash on the camera which was a big plus from my last phone. A great phone for the price of just around $100.

This phone worked great for about a month then began to crash constantly, runs very slow and keep kicking me out of apps.  Tried restoring the phone to its factory setting and still does not work as it should.  I had always heard the HTC was a good phone, but this one has completely turned me away from trying another one of their products.

I would definitely recommend this phone. It's nice, easy to use, and very much worth your money. If your going to buy this phone though, I would suggest buying it for a different phone service. When I had this phone, I loved using it when I wasn't making phone calls, messages, or browsing the web. I had terrible service so I decided to call Virgin Mobile customer service. It was the worst experience I've ever had with any customer service in my life. None of the customer service reps know how to speak english, and they all just seem very confused. I spoke to at least five different customer service reps and none of them were of any help. I couldn't keep this phone just because of the atrocious service. Save yourself the time and money and go to a different provider.

I got this device for $49.99 on a special deal and I am delighted with it. Setup on the Virgin Mobile web site was easy, although I winced at having to sacrifice the unused minutes from my previous Virgin Mobile plan! I got the $35/mo 300-min talk/unlimited streaming and that's a real bargain.Customizing the phone with look-and-feel, apps and widgets was straightforward. This phone is not the fastest out there, in terms of both processing and network access, but it's plenty quick enough for my needs. I can stream music and videos just fine over G3, and of course I use wifi at home.Voice quality is good. I get great reception in my area - will have to try it on a trip before I can comment on breadth of coverage.One feature was a pleasant surprise - the font size can be adjusted such that I don't need my glasses to dial etc. This is the first mobile I've owned where that's true!The only downsides I found:- A serious glitch setting up my email: the incoming/outgoing mail server names automatically populated during setup were incorrect. I had to diagnose the problem (medium difficulty) research the right names (hard) and enter them (easy).- Problem pairing the phone to my Alpatronix X-tra Strong Bluetooth Portable Mini Capsule Speaker. The phone just refused to "see" the phone thru BT. A search on Google yielded a suggestion that the wifi was interfering with BT because it's on the same chip, and turning off the wifi would solve the pairing problem. That seemed like crazy talk to me, but was so easy to try that I did so - and it worked! Once I used a G3 stream to pair for the first time, the phone continues to recognize the speaker on G3 or wifi. This might help if you're having trouble pairing your own BT device.- Last problem is a global one, affecting all of us in the digital world - the Balkanization of content. Each hardware manufacturer tries to drive you to its own content and that of its partners, in part by making it hard to access other content, in part by making it hard to get their content on other manufacturers' devices. So getting Amazon content on my Samsung tablet was tricky and the solution I found was imperfect; I still haven't figured out how to get my Amazon Prime freebies to stream on this phone. If anyone has a suggestion, I'm listening!

My wife and I each have one of these phones, going on about 3 months now.  Everything works as it should and we really have no complaints.  The battery charging issue seems to have been fixed long ago; the only issue I had was with a bad charging cord, which has nothing to do with this phone.  I came from an HTC EVO first generation and actually chose this phone based on the fact that I loved my EVO but didn't particularly like its bulk.  This one fits much better in my pocket.  I'm not a heavy texter or phone internet user, so the screen size is adequate for my needs.  I think this deal is hard to beat, especially since this service requires no contract.  I highly recommend this phone!

Update 6/10/2013This phone is just about useless now. It's constantly freezing up, GPS will appear turned on but none of the navigation apps recognize it for several minutes, the keyboard crashes often, apps like Skype and Tweetcaster crash all the time, it will sometimes get stuck in a sleep mode/active mode loop when I press the power button and all the same things happen to my wife's phone as well.I installed Auto Memory Manager, removed a third of the apps I had, swapped in a new SD card and none of those seem to help the phone. I end up having to reload the thing about every 60-90 days just to get a week of decent use out of it.The phone was fine for about a 6-9 month period, but its just about unusable now. I'm not happy that I paid $200 for a phone that didn't last a full year. I hope Virgin gets the S3 in the next few months so I can switch to something better.Update: 11/23/2012About two weeks ago, a software push fixed the battery indicator issue. I wanted to test it out to be sure, but the battery indicator does charge fully now and gives an accurate read.---------------------------------------------------------------------My wife and I both bought this phone with Virgin Mobile. We had HTV Evo's before this and loved them. Obviously, the One V isn't as powerful, but we were ok with that for the money saved on the phone plan.Pros:-The Price-The phone is easy to use, its a fairly standard Android set up.-The phone calls have all been clear and everyone says they can hear me great.-The beats audio makes for some crisp audio coming from the phone.But there have been several issues both my wife and I experienced.-After a few days the battery would only appear to charge to 67% and would say "Discharging" for the status. We found that we still get about a full days worth of battery life (about 7-9 hours). If you restore the phone to factory defaults, it'll work for another few days and do the same thing.I've read about this happening to other Android phones and tablets and all have been fixed with software updates.-Apps will seemingly uninstall themselves. This usually happens after rebooting the phone. The shortcut still appears on the screen, but the application is completely gone. You have to go to the Google Play store and re-download them.-The keyboard can be terrible. It's sluggish and will often freeze for a few seconds at a time. It also seems to be out of calibration a lot. I'm constantly having to re-calibrate.-The predicative text is also terrible. Certain words really annoy me, like when you're trying to type "and" and mess up, the phone autocorrects to "AMD." I can't imagine more people are talking about processors than using the most used conjunction. I ended up turning this off.-Even with Wifi enabled, browsing the internet can be a bit slow. Things like YouTube buffer every 5 or so seconds.-The phone gets fairly hot after about 5-10 minutes of use.Overall this is a great bargain phone and most of the issues I have can probably be fixed with software updates. I just hope that we get fixes.

Its not perfect but for its price and function, this is  a great phone.Some reviews who gave negative feedback, I would say they paid a $99.00 smartphone and they expect it to perform like $999.00.

The phone is fast and fun to use. Not limited by small internal memory unlike other prepaid options in the market. Down side is a not so great camera.. shows noise on pics at least on the phone. Haven't looked at them yet on a computer screen.I m typing this from the HTC one v. Very happy with the phone so far. Definitely a great choice for the price.

I switched to Virgin Mobile to have a no-contract phone and cheaper unlimited access to phone, text and data.  The phone would freeze quite often and I would not be able to do anything on the touch screen no matter what I did.  I would have to reboot the phone multiple times a day to get anything to work on it.  When I first got the phone (I only had the phone for a year) it seemed to work well but the speed of the internet was so slow.  Even when I was connected to Wi-Fi it was super slow.  Videos kept buffering or wouldn't even load.  My text messaging would freeze so often it became frustrating to use.  I had such bad service people that I called could hardly ever hear me and many times they said that I &#34;sounded like a robot&#34; on the phone.I would not recommend this phone or this service as it is a waste of your money and you will end up switching to a different carrier and a better phone.

This phone has been great to me so far, It's been fast and the beats audio feature is a plus!

I must have just been unlucky, phone was actually pretty cool. Worked well, however the issues that I had with it are all battery related. First of all the battery is non-removable. Not a huge issue but with smart phones its nice if you can buy a higher capacity aftermarket battery. The reason I ended up returning the phone was that the battery ready was always wrong. When I tried to charge it all night it would never go above 79%, maybe it was actually up to 100% but since the battery life already wasn't amazing its very important to have an accurate battery reading. When it would start running down it would get to like 12% and then just turn off and be out of batteries. I have heard other people with this issue and was tempted to try and root the phone and see if that helped but ended up just returning it and getting the Evo V 3D, which has its own problems haha, but still is a better/more reliable phone than the HTC OneV.

I had a Nokia Astound C7 with T-Mobile, but I only had a limited plan and it had no data.  Plus there are not a lot of apps available for the Nokia OS.  While looking for other options, I came across this HTC phone with the Android OS. I read the reviews and decided to give it a try.  I am really glad that I did.  For just $55/month, I now have unlimited everything (voice, text, data).  And I like that I'm not locked into a contract.  Also, there are tons more apps available for the Andriod OS.  The coverage so far seems to be a lot better then T-Mobile; not all the &#34;dead-spots&#34; I was seeing with T-Mobile.

Everything works as presented. There have been no issues with the phone so far. I would recommend it to others.

I've had this phone for about two months now. So far it's been good. I've not had any major problems with it and it works as well as I should expect. While there are undoubtedly better phones out there, for this price this is a decent phone.

Got this for my daughter for Christmas and she hasn't put it down yet.  She loves it!  So far no issues. :)  Everything works great.

This phone worked good for about two months.  Then we could see the screen. Put it in rice over night, and it worked again. It worked for three days then it went out of wack again.  Now it doesn't work at all.  I have learned my lesson. Don't buy anything that has been used because we don't know how it was taken care of by the first person. Sometimes things are mistreated and just left thrown.  I think this was the case with this one. I'll pay what I owe, but will never buy another cell phone again.

Bought this for my mom for Christmas. She's kinda tech handicap But she figured it out quick and loves it now. Accessories are hard to find but Amazon Does have a good collection and nice cases. A good buy for smart phone starters.

This phone is of a very high quality. It works fast, it works well, and I have had zero issues. A lot of the other reviews you will read complain about the battery life, but most people don't realize that you must kill the battery fully once or twice before irregular charging and use.When you get your phone let it fully die, then recharge it fully without it turned on and then do this an additional time. I did this and my phone has managed two full days on one single charge over and over again (given i do not use as many apps as many people do, mainly just a few games, texting, and e-mailing).I hope you enjoy this phone as much as I have.

Just for a bit of perspective, I've owned and used nothing but an iPhone (3G, 4, 4S) for my last few contract cycles; and they were great phones... but so is the HTC One V; and for 1/3 the cost.Chances are if you're looking into purchasing this phone (or any new cell phone), it's not because of your need to change handsets, but your need/want to change CARRIERS. I feel for you; but as this is a review of the phone itself, I'll attempt to leave any carrier/service references to a minimum.Two things caught my attention about the One V right off the bat: 1. Unlike most other Android phones it is not a 30lb death-brick that you must lug around in your pocket (forcing you to tighten your belt just keep your pants up), and 2. for what you get, the price is very very good.The One-Series by HTC is their current "in" thing; and the One V is basically the little brother to the other phones in that series. With that being said, it has a few surprises up its sleave. The build quality of One V is extremely good. The back of the phone and the lower portion of the phone's front are actually metal, not plastic; this creates a phone surface that is very resistant to scratches, dings, and damage all-together. And the screen, from what I've read, is that new-fangled Gorilla Glass; or something similar and just as durable. All-in-all the phone's exterior is above-average for handsets in this price range.Internally, too, it doesn't disappoint. The on-board Android version is 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich), and the phone's processor handles it quite well. The UI that comes standard is a dialed-back version of HTC Sense; a few less fancy animations and 5 (rather than 7) Home Screens for you to customize. This version of HTC Sense may seem less flashy, but keeps the phone running smoothly without issue.And that, actually, transitions nicely into the only significant drawback to the One V: the processor power. The One V has a rather low-key processor; something in the area of a single-core 1GHz model. It gets the job done, but noticably struggles sometimes with the more-demanding apps.The bottom line here is that the One V is a solidly-built phone for the everyday user. It lacks some of the "bells and whistles" that some power-users may desire, but this phone was not built for insane X-Box style graphics running simultaneously with 5 open internet sessions of Facebook full-site version. It is first-and-foremost a communication, internet, and audio-centered handset (Beats Audio, IMAP and Exchange mail built-in, good reception, etc.). And paired with Virgin's Unlimited Data and Unlimited Text plans, it becomes a very powerful tool for the everyday user; a tool that, because of the hardware quality, will last that user a very long time.

I bought this phone based on the strength of a few other Amazon reviewers.  I wish I remembered what phones they were coming from immediately before, what they had to compare to, because whatever they got to experience with their One, I certainly am not getting with mine.First thing - this phone is SLOW.  Get used to seeing &#34;Loading ..&#34;  a lot.Second thing - It doesn't come with an SD card.  Say what?  Good thing I already had an upgraded one in my old phone, but now my old phone doesn't have one in it.  So the storage seems adequate, but I can't tell if that's an inherent quality of the phone, or because I have a 4GB card in it.I have hung up on people MANY times due to two things - the slowness of the phone, and also the stupid placement of the soft buttons - when you're on a call, End Call goes right where Start Call was.  Button color changes, that's it, and the words.  So when you're trying to hit the button to restart the call, you're actually hanging up.  Or something like that; I can't quite remember what happened, but I'm sure it was funny at the time.  Might be funnier if I could remember it in greater detail, huh?Granted, I'm a power user.  I thought this would be a step up from the Kyocera Rise I had before, but it turned out to be more of a lateral step.

WORHTHLESS PHONE I HAD IT FOR ONE MONTH AND IT STARTED ACTIONG UP ON ME I WAS SO DAMN PISSED

This phone is so slow.  It has been like this since i first took it out of the box. My aps constantly crash, not even text messaging works correctly.  It takes forever just to open the phone ap and pull up calls.  Reading emails on this phone is a joke. It takes so long to open an email on 3g or 4g that it's just not worth it to use off of wi fi, which still takes 3-4 minutes to open. Sometimes it starts downloading all of my updates while I'm out and the phone gets really hot and drains the battery before it can finish.  I cannot find a setting that only allows it to update while plugged in or on wifi.

I have never reviewed an item as one star before. I typically don't even read the one starts, assuming they are on the fringe, but this phone really deserves it!  My husband bought this phone for me as a gift. It worked great, for about the first month. After that it started 'getting a mind of it's own'. It would blank out, run slow, refuse to open simple things, such as the PHONE!  The final straw was when it took me over fifteen minutes to return a call.  I had to shut down the phone completely and restart it to make the call. I complained to Virgin and was sent a new HTC.  Unfortunately this one lasted about two weeks before the problems started. It likes to go to a completely black screen when you are using it. This was really nice when the LOUD alarm was going off and I couldn't get the screen to show up to press the cancel button.  I have very few apps on the phone and this is unacceptable. I did contact Virgin again but they want to keep sending out the exact same phone. I have had many different brands of phones over the past twenty years (starting with a 'brick' in 1993) and I've never had problems like this. I would recommend a Samsung, Lg, Nokia, or even a Keocera (spelling?) before another HTC!

Great phone for prepaid service! Works great, good quality and build, Beats audio rocks! Easily works as well as some more expensive phones I have owned on contract carriers!

This phone is great and has lots of great features. I get my texts and emails real quick and are easily recoverable.

Does everything I need it to do.  Battery does not take long to recharge.  Takes good pictures.  Phone calls are easy to hear, and text messaging is easy to use.

The phone feels sturdy thanks to an aluminum casing. The design is minimalistic and rather industrial looking (the bottom "lip" has a brushed aluminum texture) so it won't win any cuteness awards.Both call quality and signal reception seem adequate. The sound quality when playing music is very good (especially with BeatsAudio enabled) although I find the volume to be a bit too high even on the lowest setting especially in a quiet environment. I've informed HTC of this and they will hopefully address it. I also like to ability to control the music player from a locked screen but just wish that the album art would be displayed in a larger size (like in the HTC Wildfire S). I've bugged HTC about this as well so here's to hoping!Battery life also seems good. After a few hours of music playing and some app/web activity it was still past half full. I'm however skeptical of the "embedded" nature of the battery. And this is the main reason for just the 4 stars rating. This means that once the battery degrades (and they all do) you'll probably have to have HTC replace it or chuck the phone. However, chances are that by then you'll probably want to upgrade anyway.If you're coming from Android 2.3.x (as most of users are) it will take a bit to get adjusted to Android 4.x. Most things are still where you'd expect them to be but subtle changes are throughout. Most notable the Search and Settings buttons are gone and instead there's a "Recent Apps" button which also acts as Settings button for apps. To search however you'll need to touch a screen widget.I'm upgrading from a HTC Wildfire S so here are my thoughts relative to that.1. Improved app storage space (900MB instead of 150MB) makes it easier to install apps without having to resort to tricks: App2SD, Link2SD or rooting the phone. I'm quite irked that spec list 4GB as the storage space but really 900MB are truly available to use. Also, unlike other phones it does not come with any microSD card but you can add one up to 32GB in size and have a lot of room for songs, pictures, videos.2. Improved screen (800x480) is crisp and with good colors3. True FM Radio is still there but again HTC's own radio widget does not work (use Spirit FM instead)4. Processor speed is also improved (I can now stream Netflix and use Skype over WiFi without a problem)All in all it's a good low-to-mid level smart phone that will work quite well for most users.

Got if for $90, Android 4.0 and very solid. For a non-contract phone at this price, it's hard to beat. A big step up from my Optimus V, which was a fine phone, and light years ahead of my Intercept, which was apparently built as a punishment for my sins.

This is a great phone. I just love it, plus I have no contract. Now I need to get me a car charger.

I like the HTC one V phone and the great sound it produces.  I cannot keep my son off of it.  He likes going to the internet as well as listening to the internet radio.  I had a little problem setting up the voicemail until the VM representative explained that the voicemail app. icon works only through a third party.  Unless you do not mind calling your own cell number everytime to retrieve voicemail, then this is a great phone for you.  It came with so many great features, which I am still learning.  This phone is more than I expected and the size is just right for me.

Very pleased with product for the price. Understand that there are much better units but this one works well and feels like a quality product because of the slim aluminum case and gorilla glass screen. Need to buy the micro SD though for the unnecessary extra storage. Virgin Mobile service plans are also great value.

This phone works great for me battery last a day normally , nice features , camera is great , after 2 months still love it replaced the terrible LG Optimus

This was my first (and only) smart phone.  I am amazed at what it does, and less than $100.  I bought two more for my daughter and husband who left AT&T.  $35 a month works for me, they needed more than 300 minutes.  I found online a better instruction guide from England because it explains way more than the one you get.  The CAR feature is great, and listening to Pandora and internet radio while riding my bike is fantastic. Great photos.  Location app has saved me a few times.  Skyvee can read messages while driving (and answer).  I expect to keep this phone a very long time.

A bit daunting at first but slowly I figured it outwith help from my 30 something daughter.  Itis a wonderful device and I'd recommend it toeveryone!  The price was good also.

I bought this phone on sale on Black Friday last year. I had high hopes for this phone because it had pretty good reviews. I've had it only 9 months now and it's almost completely useless. I've had to do two default resets now. It works after and gets better for about 2 weeks then starts doing the same things. It won't let me enter into my text messages - it tries to load them when you click on the name but then just keeps taking you back to the same screen and won't ever load them, my alarm is completely unreliable and rarely goes off when it's supposed to (usually not at all), among other things. I guess that's what I get for buying a cheaper phone, but I really had hoped for more than 8 months worth of usage for a phone with such high ratings.

I would like to add one note about the battery life of this phone. Some reviewers gave it law rating blaming the reason on the battery life. In general its battery life is much better than many phones I've owned previously. However I would like to mention that I don't use the phone to play games. Also, I don't keep many applications unnecessarily running in the background.

When I purchased this phone, I was impressedwith the feel and weight of the phone. I have notbeen impressed with the call management forthe phone. There are no feature to make younumber private, all calls are public and no settingsto configure private calling. This combined with aclumsy phone dialing software makes it just a goodphone. .

It's a good phone, I got it for a great price. No memory card included, so I had to go out and purchase one. Overall I am happy with the performance and features. Though the 3g leaves a lot to be desired. Maybe more so a service issue than an issue with the phone. If I had it to do over though, I would have bought a Galaxy S2.

I must say I am enjoying my new HTC One V, such a good buy..I switched carriers to purchase this phone..very easy to navigate..and the camera is awesome... If you're on the fence go ahead and jump its all good!!...8/20 Ive been using my phone for the past week and I am still discovering new functions..So happy with my new toy...plus its $20 less per month...

I really like this phone so far. I've had mine for several weeks now and notice a huge price drop for Cyber Monday/Week. I would definitely jump on this phone for the price.

I hate this phone. I bought it because it had so many good reviews and wasn't completely out of my price range, plus HTC is a trusted brand. I love Virgin Mobile, it's great for the price and I rarely have problems with them, but this phone is awful. It would turn off for no reason, it's slow and takes a long time to load the menu and start screen. Apps take a long time to load even when I am on wifi (I don't have a lot of apps on my phone and have uninstalled apps I would normally like to have just so the phone will work within a reasonable amount of time). I know it is amazing that such an object even exists and does all the things that it can do but is completely not worth it, I had to downgrade to an old phone after a few months. When I was still using this phone I would get texts extremely late, and it would alert me of missed calls and voicemails days after they happened. The battery life is also not as great as it could be. I'm not someone who uses my phone constantly, but frequently, and it would die within a few hours. So if you decide to get this phone keep the apps to the very minimum, always have a charger with you, and expect to be told by people that they tried to contact you and you never responded.

Good and nice mobile, also beautiful style. But it doesn't has sim card. At the beginning I did not know how to apply or activate to make the phone call. But now I got it, every thing is in online.And it's slow to use internet,

Great phone for the price.  Have not had any problems with it at all. I would highly recommendthis as a mid-line smartphone at a great low price.

I had Virgin Mobile since junior high, and every year or so I would upgrade my phone to the new model. The One V is a solid candidate for the last stop before the jump to 4G. It's got plenty of bells and whistles you'd expect from a mostly new smartphone, and the price is usually right. There is always some sort of sale going on. During Cyber Monday last year, this phone was $50! I bought three for everyone else in my family. If you're going the prepaid route, I really do recommend it.

Love prepaid for my teenage daughters. Service is good...probably as good as my Verizon service. Might switch the whole family over, and save some cash.

Very good phone. Full metal frame, very vivid and crystal clear screen. OS is Android 4.0.3. Wonderful upgrade from my LG Optimus V. Unlimited data/txt and 300 minutes voice for $25.00 a month (grandfathered into old plan, new users will pay $35.00 a month) you can't beat it. I do recommend a ZAGG screen shield and rubber impact cover.

I bought this phone about a month ago and I have been very happy with my decision. I did a lot of research, and I am glad I chose this phone.Pros:Operating systemHTC sensePriceCameraCons:I would have liked more internal storage (I still have plenty)

Great  features, affordable, lightweight, and awesome battery life!  This phone is user friendly for all the non techies out there.

This is my first android phone, and I have been quite pleased with the phone. It is easy to use and I have been able to do everything I want to with this phone.

This phone replaced our HTC Wildfire S.  Fabulous upgrade.  First and foremost for us - much longer battery life.  Also this one can accept a storage upgrade card, previous one would not.  Superior operating system, for us with one major reservation.  Have a software problem that effected our WiFi connection.  Its a software problem with the phone.  HTC has tried to help us resolve the issue but it's still not totally resolved.  A question arose whether the new phone's battery could be removed/replaced.  Still no answer on that.  If it cannot be replaced that could be a problem for long term use.  If it can be replaced, it is not easy and there are no instructions for it.Rating would be 5 star if we didn't have the unresolved wifi problem even if battery is permanent.

My daughter loves this phone and the service from Virgin Mobile.  It does everything she needs it to do and does not freeze like her old phone.

I like this phone, it works well when service is availible.  It is easy to use, and it was at the right price.  It does what it says it will:  makes calls, texts, and gets on the web fairly fast.  The navigation works extremely well.

Got this for the low price and current ICS system, without regard to if any decent roms are coded for it, seems most have gave up and moved on to other HTC devices, only one or two decent roms for primoc one v's or you can try a gsm/cdma conversion, but so far not having luck with any decent roms besides jelly bean and I really like the sense ics system better for this phone as it is limited on the cpu resources and memory. also most shipped after early 2012 are hboot 1.53.00 and thus has no s-off option yet.. but can be unlocked and flashed with a custom recovery, kernel , etc..

Great phone, worked good out of the box, all functions are good. Did have some difficulty trying to sync with lap top. Recommend don't install HTC sync manager unless you have to. The internal memory is still on the low side, but has not affected phone performance yet. Good internet speed both 3G and Wifi.Multi-tasked and phone did not slow down. Bluetooth connected ok. The battery life is very good with accessories off, lasted 2 solid days with a few calls and low internet use. You will need to charge at end of day with normal use! Has adobe flash on/off setting for flash video, turn off for faster internet. (default off) Finally a cost effective phone from Virgin Mobile that won't break the bank and best bang for the buck.

This is a good phone at a reasonable price.  Make sure you buy from Amazon instead of VM.  The phone I bought from VM was defective.  They replaced it quickly but did so with a used phone.  They told me that they always return new phones with used phones.  I know this wouldn't have happened if I bought the phone from Amazon.  I love the phone but not VM.

I will never ever buy a HTC phone again if it is with Virgin mobile service. I heard others rave about this product which is why I chose it when I left Verizon. I had an awful time with my HTC phone with virgin mobile. The phone and its service were incredibly disappointing. I went back to a contract and joined AT&T for an Apple. My apple is awesome and far from disappointing!

I just put $65. a month in my pocket! Easy transfer of Verizon number. I get great service on Sprint network. Oh, and the phone is far better than I expected.

this was a birthday gift for my nephew his other phone was old and wouldnt keep a chargehe loves the phone it does what he want it to do so im happy if hes happy

I really like using the One V, especially since my monthly plan totals to $42 including phone insurance and unlimited just about everything!  The phone itself is great and I've been happy with the speed of it and the options available.  Still having a hard time figuring out the media player.

I'd been stuck with a Droid X on another big carrier for nearly 2 years and my X started acting wacky, and since the X was out of warranty my options were to buy an expensive upgrade or walk away from it. Since I had Virgin Mobile phones for my wife and kid I took the leap and walked. Happy I did.I'd gotten my wife an Optimus Elite a few weeks before and it is definitely a nice little phone for the price, and was thinking about getting one for myself, but I was leaning towards going the power route and getting the Evo V 4G. Luckily - just in time, as they just came out - I ran across the HTC One V first. After a bit of research and weighing the options, I decided that I was tired of carrying around big, bulky phones, and that I really didn't need the extra power and capability the Evo has, so I picked up a One V. I don't talk much, use texting more, so the $35/month plan fits me perfectly, and at that price and for only $200 up front this is a steal. Now, to the phone itself...It is a very compact phone, very light, yet does not at all feel cheap. No plastic backing, this one has a real aluminum unibody that both looks and feels great and offers much better protection than cheaper plastic units. It has Gorilla Glass on the screen as well, so right out of the box this phone is more solidly constructed than most of the competition. I dropped it my second day (my hands still being used to gripping a big-screened monstrosity) and it took quite a tumble before it hit the floor, picked it up and brushed it off, not a scratch and kept walking. It has a no frills appearance to it that I find aesthetically pleasing as well. Slides right in and out of the pocket, don't even notice it's there. I like that coming from a big phone that you have to struggle with to get out of the pocket.The screen is nice and vibrant. Not the best out there but it is crisp and very responsive, with every indication of quality. Decent viewing angles. I find the 3.7" just small enough to still be easily usable and easy to type on, and still big enough for some gaming and video. Big screens are nice for those things, but I think they hit the sweet spot with 3.7" - big enough but not so big as to make the phone itself too big.The ICS operating system is very smooth, noticeably more refined (and simpler, once you get used to it) than previous versions. I don't even care if this phone ever gets Jelly Bean or not, I am perfectly happy with ICS. App compatability has been very good so far - nearly every app I had loaded on the X (and every single one I use regularly) works fine on this one, which is surprising since this one is so new.Under the hood this one has similar specs to what my Droid X had: a 1Ghz Snapdragon processor and 512MB of RAM. Higher end phones nowadays are sporting dual and even quad core processors paired with 1GB of RAM, but really, what do you need that for? Pretty much newer graphically intense gaming, which I don't really do with my phone (I have an Acer Iconia Tab A100 for that). I do light gaming on the phone, and for that this works just fine (although even this one will play many of the higher end games like Shadowgun, it's just not as smooth as the S3s of the world). As for other apps the hardware in the One V runs everything just fine with very little to no lag, so I'm not missing those extra cores and extra RAM. Note that if you intend to do serious gaming on your phone then this one is not for you, but if you are just a casual phone gamer then this works just fine.The GPS is possibly the brightest spot on this phone - it is simply phenomenal. I toggle the GPS on, hop into GPS Status and *immediately* acquire 8 satellites - indoors. Then open maps and see that it has located me to within about 3-5 meters. I sometimes had to wait up to 5 minutes for my Droid X to get a position, this one took about 5 seconds.The camera is not bad at all. The Droid X had an 8MP camera, this one a 5MP camera, and I can't tell the difference in quality. It does, however, have a neat little function where you can hold down the shutter button for a few seconds and it takes multiple pics rapidly, and lets you pick the one you want to keep. This is VERY handy for capturing stills of moving targets. Also, there is little to no shutter lag, which also helps.Battery life has been pretty good so far. After about 10 hours at work doing some browsing, light gaming, some tunes, fiddling with GPS a bit, and no recharging I get home with anywhere from 20-40% remaining. That is perfectly adequate for me.Cell reception seems to be quite good for me so far. I get decent 3G signal and download speed even when walking in an underground train tunnel and in areas where other big carrier phones don't. I had expected worse from a no-contract carrier, but am pleasantly surprised. I understand this will vary greatly depending upon location, but where I live it is very good. Call quality has also been good on both ends.Wifi and Bluetooth work fine. I was even able to tether my tablet using FoxFi and run it off of Bluetooth... To save my data plan I turn on Wifi whenever I have access (like as soon as I get home). The 3G is for when I am out and about, and I should have no problem bumping up against VM's throttle limit of 2.5GB of data. That would only really be a problem if one was streaming lots of video or music, which I don't do.So, in conclusion, is this a top of the line phone? No, if you want that then you will get a contract with a big carrier, and you will pay alot for it. For me, and I suspect for most users out there, this phone does what I need it to do, and it does it well. If the Galaxy S3 is top of the line, and say a Droid Razr is runner up, then this one would place third. But I am factoring the cost into my evaluation, and the cost for a One V from VM is *much* less than those types of phones, and you get a platform that does pretty much the same stuff for the vast majority of users out there. And the monthly bill is far easier to swallow. Even if you get the $55/month unlimited everything plan and add the $5 insurance (worth it IMO) it's still far less than you will be paying on any smartphone contract. As an example, our 2 smartphone contract with the old carrier with 700 minutes cost us just under $200/month, while 3 smartphones with VM with 1800 minutes total cost us $120/month. More phones + more minutes + lower monthly cost = Win every day of the week.And one of the best things: you are not stuck with this phone. Phones become obsolete quickly, generally long before the 2 years is up on contract. About a year into the contract you're sitting there fiddling with your phone looking at the cool new stuff everyone is playing with and thinking "Oh great, I'm stuck with this thing for another year...". You have no easy ability to upgrade; you either pay a huge penalty to do so or you are just stuck with what you have, which will certainly be obsolete after the first year. With these you can just toss the phone and upgrade easily any time you want, and the new phones aren't that expensive. That is probably my favorite feature of all.So if you are in the market for a decent no-contract phone and don't need the bells and whistles of the Evo or want it's size and bulk, this is a fantastic choice. The phone itself is not a 5 star phone, I'd give it 3.5-4 stars in today's environment - but realistically that is perfectly fine for 95% of the users out there. Most people do not actually need the uber-cool hardware of the latest release, they just need something that works, and this one does. Factoring in the cost and the flexibility of going off-contract is what gets it to 5 stars. And if you are looking at the Optimus Elite I'd recommend considering the One V; it's worth the extra $50. The OE is a nice little phone and worth its price, but this one is better; my wife is already bugging me to get her one...Oh, and BTW - Otterbox already has a case out for these, and it is great. Amazon has them, too.UPDATE: So, been running this phone for a few weeks now, and I am still liking it alot. A few comments:Battery: most Android phones take a week or two to learn the user's patterns and optimize themselves, and this one is no exception. During the first week or so I had some days where it almost died on me, but now it knows me and is sipping juice. It's not abnormal for me to get home with close to 50% battery left now, which is quite good, I think. The inability to remove the battery will not be an issue, as by the time this battery goes bad (they all do eventually) this phone will be obsolete and it will be time to replace it anyway. Tough it out through those first couple of weeks and you won't be disappointed in this battery.OS: ICS is running very smooth. I had a couple of FCs at first but as with the battery, it smoothed itself out and is running nearly to perfection now. App compatibility is still phenomenal for a relatively new phone.Cell signal: During the first week I had 3-4 instances where the phone lost 3G signal, but I don't fault it much as I was deep within a heavy metal structure building and buried under lots of concrete. It hasn't happened since, and when it did it found the signal again within a minute, so not exactly a big deal. I have since traveled across state (TX, a big one) and found cell reception / 3G to be quite good pretty much everywhere. I never noticed any areas where I couldn't get a signal. Running on Sprint's network I didn't expect any problems in this area, and haven't really found any; they have a very well developed network and their expansion is ongoing. Also, as more people move onto 4G networks it makes 3G easier to ride.GPS: the GPS continues to impress me. It isn't always immediate as in my first review, but it is always fairly fast (generally less than 20 seconds for multiple satellite lock). It is most definitely a real GPS, too, and not just some AGPS tomfoolery. It works fine in Airplane Mode and where there is no cell signal... Just know that you will need preloaded maps or have one downloaded via Wifi for it to be of any use if you are going out of network (there are several good apps to do this with, I personally like MapDroyd and Backcountry Navigator Pro, respectively, for their given applications).Camera: I am still liking the camera, too. When trying to snap photos of moving objects/people just hold the shutter button down until it's passed and then select the pic you want to keep - very handy function. The quality is not great, but not bad either. Perfectly acceptable for a phone camera. The only issue I have with the camera is the zoom - not very good there. But fine for anything close up.The wife is bugging me every day now to get her one, don't think I'll be able to hold off much longer. Taken as a whole, this phone and the plan price tag is a fantastic value, and it does everything I need it to do. Still highly recommended.Oh, and Trident now has a nice looking case out for these. They are generally on par with Otterbox and offer another alternative. Mine will continue to wear the Otterbox for now, as I am happy with it.UPDATE 2: After uninstalling a few apps, I am now coming home with 60% battery or so. I NEVER came close to that with the X. I took off some widget apps and just run with the stock weather/clock widget (which is actually pretty good), took off Sonic 4 Ep 1 and the Alarm Clock app, and voila! One or more of those apps was running in the background; the phone also doesn't get hot anymore unless I am REALLY pushing it... It is smooth as silk now.I can't say enough about this phone, or the fact that it only costs me $40 a month with insurance.UPDATE 3: After a couple of months I finally broke down and got the wife one. Ordered a Trident case for it. Like I said in the earlier review, one of the great things about these no contract phones is you can upgrade anytime you want. So the wife upgrades from the Optimus Elite to the One V, and the kid gets to upgrade from an Optimus V to an Optimus Elite. Everyone wins.And mine is still running great. It's probably the most problem-free smartphone I've seen so far. Still highly recommend it.UPDATE 4: Quick status update, it's New Year's, 2013, and this phone is still going strong for both me and the wife. Still a great deal, especially at the prices it's been selling at lately. I bought it for twice what it's selling at now... I'd do it all over again at the original price. That is how happy I've been with the phone.UPDATE 5: All good things must come to an end. One of the great things about the VM line is that it's easy to upgrade whenever you want to since you're not on contract. I tried out an EVO V 4G for awhile, and it's a decent phone, but I've finally found the sweet spot with the Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE. It is using Sprint's 4G LTE and it's simply a quantum leap forward. Price point is not bad at all either, and it's on sale right now for less than I paid for my One V...The One V was a great phone, it did everything I needed and functioned well. But the future lies in 4G LTE networks. Jump on VM's next big ship and take a ride, you won't be disappointed.

I just got back into the smart phone world and things have changed while I was gone.I did a lot of reading on phones and carriers and making a decision was a hard one.In the end, the phone I wanted was the HTC Evo V. It was the perfect phone for what I want (note: want, not need) but it carried a $300 price tag.Another phone I considered is the LG Optimus Elite. That is a perfect phone for what I need and only carried a $120 price tag.Comparing them, and also looking at this phone, I get a good compromise at a compromised price.Also factoring in is the fact that I was buying multiple phones for my family and I ended up buying the LG Optimus Elite as well (so you can check that review too). The last factor was a sale where this phone was $150 instead of the standard $200.So what do I think of this phone?It is really nice. I am extremely happy with it.The screen is excellent. Seriously excellent. Bright and deep colors, and a clean resolution that makes using it so much better.One reason I opted for this phone is Ice Cream Sandwich. Is this version of the OS so much better than previous ones? No. But it does have some really nice features such as being able to combine items into folders.The phone is quick and responsive, and I never seem to have any issues or lag with it.Battery life seems mediocre. Not bad, not good. What I would expect from any smart phone. I make sure to use a task manager app to kill anything I am not using to extend the power.I seem to be able to get a day's use on a charge with no heavy usage.There are two physical features of the phone I really was leery of before buying.One is the obvious slant at the bottom of the phone. Style wise I didn't really like it but was more concerned with how it will fit in my pocket etc...In reality, the slant doesn't bother me one bit. Sure, I wouldn't have designed it that way myself, but it doesn't get in the way or annoy me.The other thing is that the screen of this phone is slightly raised from the body.I really didn't like that at all and thought it would collect a lot of lint and dust on the edges. This also doesn't really bother me. My case covers the left and right sides so it isn't an issue, and the top doesn't collect anything at all. The bottom does a bit, just because of the slant of the phone, but it isn't bad and in using the phone I don't even notice the screen is raised. So my two biggest hesitations are not really issues at all.End result: This is an excellent mid-range phone these days. It has nice, strong specs, but nothing so super that it blows other phones away. For a mid range price this is a great phone.

This phone has surpassed my expectations. It does everything it said it would and then some. I would buy it again in a heartbeat.

This phone is too slow, expecially when Skype is on. I have to restart the phone frequently. And the battery has a short life.

Was a great phone for 2 weeks, I really enjoyed it, but suddenly died after 2 weeks of use, too much to spend 69 bucks for such short period of time. Very disappointing. Asked my friend who does repair, he said that it's common situation with these phones.

The hardware may not be current (it has a single core processor), but with the ice cream sandwich android OS, a 3.7 inch screen and very decent graphics, the phone is decent investment. While it only can use a 3G connection, I use wifi as a substitute.

Love the phone, best one I've owned so far. Slim, has a big screen but not so big it won't fit in my palm which I love. I would definitely recommend this to a friend :D

My wife needed a better smart phone, and this little thing has everything except dual-core, front camera and only has 512MB of ram. But, for my wife, its the perfect beginner Android phone.

This complaint is not about this specific model but about Amazons poor dealings. I bought this "new"(not "like new"..but new as in brand new) HTC one V from Amazon. Not a seller at Amazon, but from Amazon.  It worked for 3 days, but never rang once, couldnt get it to make any sounds.  So after trying to trouble shoot I called Virgin (being a Virgin phone) they had this phones entire history logged in their computer. Amazon bought it from Radio Shack and it was a repackaged refurbished phone....which explains how my "new" fresh out of box went kablooey after a couple days.  I had actually heard that Amazon gets things like this.. but I thought it was part of rumor/urban myth.  I would never have been able to prove this had Virgin not had previous record of this phone. So shop wisely and informed.."new" is defined differently by Amazon. BTW I bought my actual new phone again from Virgin,and its actually new.

Not the phone I thought it was. Thought it had wifi hotspot feature. Pretty good phone all in all. Would buy another.

This is a good phone if you like the plan. This phone has nowhere to inset a SIM card so you can not use it with other carriers like ATT or TM. I bought it as a toy to my boy because he always want a smart phone to play with. I did not activate it and I can't tell how good to use it making a call, but WiFi works perfectly.I am surprised with the build quality of this phone. The color and resolution of the screen is amazing. Boy, my boy love it so much that my wife throw it against the hard floor heavily. I found it's still working after that, except that, of course, the glass of the screen was broken.

I am a business person who uses their phone a lot. I had an iPhone with Verizon but couldn't stand paying so much to Verizon. I decided to go with Virgin Mobile and the reviews for this phone looked good enough. My boyfriend has an htc so I thought they made quality. Well, it's only been a few months and I totally regret this purchase. It can take 30 seconds for the phone to show any evidence that it is dialing - so long that I think I didn't press the button. Eventually it will make the call... Usually but not always. The alarm doesn't always work. The clock doesn't keep time correctly. It takes so long to pull up a photo or go on yelp that I just hardly use it for anything other than incoming calls. I just use Skype or google voice on my iPad or laptop for outgoing calls. I honestly can't understand how this phone has so many positive reviews unless its people who have never had a smartphone before.

This phone is one of the best 3G products offered by Virgin Mobile. It has all the perks and benefits (Facebook/Twitter/Email/Youtube/Google play)  and &#34;cradle&#34; friendly for those who talk and lean to the side or hand-users, if you do not use a bluetooth or hands-free device. If you're looking to have a savvy phone without a contract and want to be in the 3G/4G network, I would suggest this as one of the competitive phones in the pre-paid market.

Coverage is the only Issue that concern me, Roamingcould be better as we travel around it should Roam more frequently.

I'm a long-time geek and technology professional, but I'd been avoiding modern smartphones because of the monthly cost. With Virgin's inexpensive prepaid smartphone plans, I decided to go ahead and bite the bullet. This HTC One V is well made, the body is solid aluminium and feels good in the hand. The screen is vibrant and the touch is responsive. I find HTC's android skin to be unobtrusive and nice to look at. The phone is fast and stable. I'm not a heavy phone gamer, but it runs Angry Birds and Words with Friends without hiccups. Call quality is good. The HTC 'Car' app is neat, it sets the phone up to work like a dashboard media system, like Ford's SYNC or the like, it sets the phone in landscape with an easy-to-use menu that has all the functions you might want to use in the car close at hand. So, pros and cons...Pros:Fast for the price.Great screen.Excellent build quality.Recent version of Android (4.0.3)Cons:Internal battery (like many smartphones these days)Wifi signal not the best (and easy to accidentally block with your hand)No front-facing cameraNo official upgrade path from 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) to 4.1/2 (Jellybean)

After reading many reviews on many phones/plans I settled on the HTC one V and Virgin Mobile.  I am so happy with the service in my area, South East Michigan and the phone, well let's just say it was one of the best purchases I have made in a long time.Pros:Size - love the size and fell of this phoneSpeed - It is awesome, never seems to bog down even when several apps are running.  Several guys at work have the new Galaxy Note with quad core and they don't seem to open apps any fast than my One VBattery - Love it, 2 days with minimal use, 1 day goes to ~30% by evening with heavy useOS - Android Ice Cream Sandwich, Have not had to reboot because it &#34;got lost&#34; in over 3 weeks (length of time owned)Cons:Can't think of any yet, although I am not a phone gamer or super user.

a smart phone with affordable pirce, google system support, lots of apps to download, meets all the daily usage. nice purchase

This was brought for a teenager 15 years old. She wanted her own phone. Since she received good grades I thought this would be the perfect way to reward her. This phone is nice loaded with apps and easy to use. The music sounds excellent on here as a mp3, or even when you hook it up to a portable speaker, I do not think its that sturdy one drop and its over for the phone. I am going to get a good cover to help protect it. Overall my daughter loved it and I like that it is a prepaid phone.

I ordered this phone for my nephew for his 11th birthday.. He loves it! It works great it's a really cool phone I am thinking about getting it for myself!Pros: size, apps, light weightCons: No front Cam (makes it hard to video chat via phone)

Loved the phone. Eventually upgraded and passed it down to my little brother. He loved it too. Great phone to start with.

Bought as a gift form my mom. She absolutely loved it. Pretty decent android phone for the price; I've got an iphone 4 and I'm seriously considering getting one for me too.

This is my first smart phone, but after a few months I'm still pleased with its features, although I use it primarily as a phone and purchased it only so I could use it with a Square reader. It needs a cover because it's very thin and slippery without one. It uses gorilla glass, or equivalent, so I don't find a need for any protection over the face.

A very nice phone. After using the much- (and deservedly) maligned Samsung Intercept for nearly two years it is nice to have a smartphone that works as it should, without hanging or shutting down unexpectedly. The screen is a nice size, about as big as I would want a phone, and the HTC controls are easy to learn and use. I use it primarily for phone calls, emails, and keeping up with news, Twitter/Flipboard feeds, etc., when away from a computer, and GPS-enabled apps for hiking/running. I am not a big user of streaming music or video, so can't speak to how well it works when those apps are engaged. But overall, it works very nicely for my purposes.

Great value phone. I've had this phone for over a year now and I have never had a problem. The picture quality is not great, and it is not the fastest most powerful phone, it has problems with some processor heavy apps, but it's been a great budget smart phone. I might not buy it again today only because it's getting dated, though I'm not sure if this is a newer, faster model than what I got a year ago.

The phone is great arrived early. this was an outstanding deal. I  would recommend them to anyone looking in the marketplace

Phone is good i have it as a spare its not like a galaxy and doesnt have great processing speed but its a good phone to have as a back up

Sealed non removable/replaceable battery, so you just throw it away when the battery no longer charges. Or you can use it with the power cord attached to it.

Great phone for the price! I upgraded from the Samsung Intercept and can finally take full advantage of internet use and apps. I've had this phone for about a month now and it's still running fast.I check my email and Facebook throughout the day, play a few games, and run Pandora on my evening commute and the battery lasts all day. I have noticed that it doesn't ever fully charge though. It did when I first got it, but now it only charges to about 80%. (Charging overnight.)The phone is pretty durable too. I have a screen protector but haven't purchased a case for the phone yet. I dropped the phone last night on a wood floor and just have a few dings on the side, but no cracked screen.The phone is also very thin and light. The screen is large and crisp and has a great auto adjust brightness feature.Overall, it's a great phone.

my 1st smart phone. what a revelation! love it: Dolphin browser, twitter, weather, Kindle reader, sending pics, etc., etc., etc. dependable, great screen, good audio... I have used the iPhone and another android phone and I find this HTC to be superior. 'Course the owners of the other phones might disagree but they are probably jealous (ha!).Update:About 30 days after purchase. I noticed that charging up the phone a week or so after purchase, it only charged to about 75%. I am now after 30 days and it is less than 59%. Not good.Update #2: I received some excellent advice and it fixed the problem. Under Settings, Power, un-check "Fast boot" . . . . voila! Back up to 4 stars!!Also another user emailed me that a software fix from HTC fixed it. Either way...good show, no issues now. Love this phone.

Just want to say that I purchased a Virgin Kyocera Rise phone a month ago and was thrilled with it.  When I set it up online, I noticed that I had to pick an unlmited monthly plan.  I figured it was because I didn't buy a top-up card.  After one month, when I went to change plans from unlimited to top-up, I could not.  Virgin customer support said that the Kyocera was not a "Pay-lo" phone and I had to choose a monthly unlimited plan.  Wait a minute, you have free wi-fi on there, right?  Right.  So I can connect to free wi-fi hotspots if I want to right?  Right.  And pay by the call, right?  Right.  Well, then WHY exactly do I have to pay close to forty a month for an unlimited plan??  Those are the plans we offer with that phone.Very very disappointed.  Returning to store.

Works well so far. Gave it as one of my daughter's xmas gifts. She is pleased with the way it works and the apps works well on the android so far.

Specs are great, runs android 4.0 (Ice cream sandwich), has beats audio, a lot of space, and the battery lasts for a pretty decent time. It it very thin so be careful not to drop it unless you have a good case (preferably otter box or silicone only because of the thinness). Overall this phone is great.

This is a good phone if you are not an advanced user. It has great features and apps that come with the stock ROM. It has a &#34;car mode&#34; app, which simplifies the user interface, presumably because if you're driving and absolutely have to use the phone it'll be less of a distraction. Beats Audio is highlighted on this product, but I don't notice a difference much (I guess I'm not the greatest audiophile). My favorite was the EcoMode that it automatically enables when it reaches a certain battery level. It conserves energy and give it a little extra life.I personally hate the HTC Sense (HTC's modified android build) so I flashed it with CyanogenMod 10. It helped performance overall; there is a lot of crapware from HTC and Virgin Mobile. Overclocking the CPU is the only real way to take advantage of the Snapdragon processor.Its a great and economic phone.

I didn't need it really, saw it on-sale, so gave it a shot since I have sold all my iPod touches since they are old and slow.had HTC before, but non like this.Spec wise, comparable to iPhone 4, not 4S.Screen is excellent, just like iPhone 4, but slight larger.Glass has no issues. Sensitive, and also option to buzz for touch confirm.since it is in a solid Aluminum body, the finishing needs one more step, which is round off the sharp edge.I guess the factory that made this case wanted to finish it quicker than Eminem Rap.

One of my best purchases. I got this when it was on a lightning deal for about $50. I feel I got a steal. Great product as well.

I bought this on a whim just to see what a Virgin phone was like, it was on a lightning deal, and I had recently sold my most recent Android device.The phone is a very nice phone. It's not a racecar, but also not slow. I consider the speed perfectly adequate. The screen is very high quality and this model will remind you a lot of the HTC Hero if you ever knew that model-- it has a chin, and I love that feature.If you are looking to go prepaid, there is no higher rated Android for Virgin than this one. It's not a big phone, so make sure you check the screen size before you order.

Before buy this item, I would like to be sure that it will works with the T-Mobil or At&T system, b/c my area doesn't have Virgin Mobile. Hope someone outhere give me the answer. Many Thanks

I highly recomend this phone, it has the best battery life i've ever had on an android device, the processor is fast and the speaker is great.

Believe or not?Wrong decision!  prepaid?  no !  Supposed it can meet any prepaid card .but can't. I don't know how?

Overall i do like this phone. The couple of glitches i have encountered have been simple to fix, but the battery is awful.  I barely talk on the phone, I text a moderate amount and only occasionally use the internet and I find that I have to recharge every night, or sometimes late afternoon.  Very frustrating.

So if you're reading this, it means you use Virgin Mobile, so you're my mind of person--savvy. Let's see if we can help each other out.Android 4.0.3--This is a cool operating system, in that it runs smoothly and looks sleek, but coming from 2.2.1, I have to say that though the transitions and features look cooler, you're not missing much. Moreover, you know how you used to be able to hit a button on your Android 2.x phone and settings/options would come up, no matter what app you were running? This doesn't exist anymore. You can still get to settings on most apps, but it's a lot less intuitive and I don't think app developers have fully caught up yet. Also, the phone doesn't come preloaded with Swype, you have to download it and it eats up a little RAM. That said, if you like your apps (and who doesn't?), you're going to have to come on board the Ice Cream truck because it won't be long before developers stop making them for older systems.HTC Sense--A few weeks ago, I bought an LG Optimus Slider on Virgin Mobile and couldn't take it anymore after less than a fortnight. Don't waste your time buying an LG. The Motorola Triumph competes in this price range, but I've never used it, and it's still on Android 2.2.5.0 Camera--You know how your friends with iPhones take pictures that make your phone's pictures look like children's sketches? The gap is smaller now, but not by a lot.Beats Audio--Ever the cynic, I have to admit that Beats Audio is an actual thing! It's not just slapped on the phone to piggy-back off a successful line. The phone's speaker produces good audio, the volume gets loud (much louder than my LG Optimus Slider) and it actually seems to make the quality of sound coming out of my headphones better. Two thumbs up, Dr. Dre!Battery Life--With JuiceDefender (if you don't have it, get it) enabled at the balanced profile, the phone lasts about one day, one night. Keep in mind that I don't game or use it very heavily.RAM--The RAM was actually sort of a let down. It's advertised as 500 MB, but seems to only use around 362 MB. For me the phone was lagging a bit until I decided to quit Talkatone when I wasn't using it. Now it runs fine. But if you plan on gaming a lot, you should probably (definitely!) get a different phone.Left-side note: Without afore-mentioned ultra-useful dedicated-settings key, there is no way for me to quit Talkatone without manually doing so through settings, a mild pain in the yash.Right-side note: Talkatone is a program that lets you call people through a free Google voice number for free WITHOUT eating up your 300 minutes/month. It does eat up some bandwidth, but you can always run it on WIFI and save your monthly 3G quota. You should get it.Also, the phone doesn't come with a memory card, which sort of seems like a reminder to us pre-paid phone users that we're somehow second-class citizens.Lastly, please use this Kickback code upon activation so you and I can get 60 free minutes: EC6O4VDG. Cheers!

The phone performs well.  Its fun and after searching the Virgin Mobile website and locating a step by step "How To" guide I was having a great deal of fun with it.I have given it only three stars because the volume on answering the phone is very low and impossible to hear unless in a very quiet place. I had others in my family who are more Tech savvie check it to be sure I had all the settings right but they agreed there was something the matter with the answering speaker  The folks at Virgin Mobile suggested that I return the phone for a replacement.  I was somewhat frustrated since I had loaded the phone with personal data and needed to strip it before I sent it back.  It was an easy return as all my dealings with Amazon have been.  So I'm waiting for the new phone and will hopefully give a better review next time.Update: November 9 - I returned  this phone expecting a replacement from Amazon but Amazon removed this item from their website while they checked to be sure there were no further problems with their stock. (I was impressed with this policy and now know that Amazon is very careful that the products they sell meet high standards). I tried to find a similar phone in the same price range that would give me the same features but was unhappy with my choices so since I was a Virgin Mobile customer, I bought the HTC One V from them figuring that if I ran into the same problem I could return it again but I am happy to report that my original phone was a fluke and the new HTC One V works great. No problems so far and I can now give it a 5 star recommendation.  My only regret is that I was too impatient to wait for Amazon to put it back on the website.

UpdateAfter having the phone since December it has crapped out.  Today is the second time it has had serious issues.  Now after talking to five different representatives and none of their canned responses working I am pronouncing this almost five month old phone worthless.  The WIFI won't connect, it will not receive picture messages and the weather will not update.  I'm thinking of moving on to a different carrier as well.  I am no longer jealous.The phone was packaged very well.  Activation was a breeze and that was with transferring an old number.  My wife was a previous Droid X owner before we stopped overpaying every month.  She loves her new phone.  Not just likes it, loves it.  It's build quality is not janky, it feels solidly built.  The screen is very responsive and looks great.  Frankly I'm a bit jealous.

I have had my phone for about a month now. The thing that I like most about it is the aluminum unibody construction. It feels solid and cold when you first pick it up in the morning. A feeling you don't get from plastic. The phone is slim and fits perfectly in the average male pants pocket. I can tell that the phone is not as powerful as newer phones, but for Virgin, it is one of the best at this time. I haven't had a single problem with the phone. I am a medium user who limits the number of apps I download and run.

For this price, I don't think you could beat this deal paired with virgin mobile's affordable plans. You make your money back in a few months if you switch from verizon or one of the other contract companies. Consumers should move away from the contract model because its a huge rip off. This is the way to go, the best deal out there in my opinion.

I loved the phone the short time I had it... Spring and Summer of 2013. This was my first android, so take that into account. Fortunately for me, I bought a Square Trade warranty, mostly because I was nervous about the BUILT-IN BATTERY. If you get this phone I totally suggest you do the same. Buy a warranty, because if the battery dies you cannot replace it! Battery dead=phone dead. That knocks off stars and I don't get why everyone doesn't mention that "little" tidbit in their reviews. YOU CAN NOT REPLACE THE BATTERY. Even CNet failed to mention that in their review (that I saw) so I hope you see this if that matters to you! :)

Im in love with this phone, the Beats Audio in this phone is awesome and I love the camera on this phone.

this phone worked well, for about 3 months. at that point, the sides of the touchscreen stopped responding. apps force closed and phone restarted on a consistent basis. very disappointed with quality of phone.

This phone and for the price I got it is awesome. It supports all the features I need and its super light, not like my old IPCrap (Iphone 4).

I bought this phone for my wife and recieved it very quickly. It works very well for her and she loves the vibrant screen and slim but sturdy design of the casing. The service is well worth the 35 dollars a month and texts and phone calls always come thru clear and accurate. My personal experience with the phone (though it is too small for a mans hands in my opinion) is that its fast and comes with many desirable apps. I was suprised to know that the phone could also view Netflix movies and shows. something that wasnt possible with our previous phone, the LG Optimus V. Overall great phone, great buy at $149.99!

Purchased as a gift for my three grandsons. They were thrilled to get the phones they wanted. I was extremely happy with the price.

I purchased this phone because I had a pay-per-minute plan with a different provider that was always a great deal, until I moved and I was spending 5-7 times more than I normally would for minutes. I needed to be able to make important phone calls and stay in touch with friends, so I needed a phone with a "plan" that would give me unlimited minutes at a reasonable price, since I'm on a tight budget. I know most people buy smartphones for their internet, photo, and other capabilities, and I enjoy those features too. But the main thing I needed with this phone was unlimited minutes and good quality calls with strong reception. I can say that after nearly a month with the phone, I am very satisfied with the quality of the calls I've made. I'm in Charleston, SC, which is certainly not a bustling metropolis like New York or L.A. Once I get about 20 miles outside of the city, reception can be spotty at times, but where I live the reception is great. My brother has a Virgin mobile device that he uses in the Boston area, and he says he's never run into any issues with reception. As far as the One V phone itself is concerned, it feels like a quality device. The weight of it seems just right, and the construction feels strong. I've barely read the manual, and have been able to figure out mostly everything on my own up to this point, so it is definitely user friendly. Some people have made comments previously about calls or texts not going through while the wifi is enabled. I haven't encountered that problem, though I've only sent a few texts and made a few calls while it was turned on. I usually turn it off to conserve power. Which brings me to battery life. Again, this is something that has been discussed quite a bit by others, so I won't go too in depth. However, I read someones comment about the phone "figuring out" what your trends for usage are like, and adapting to it over time to optimize battery life. I thought this seemed like a bit of a stretch, but after a few weeks of use, it became apparent that the phone had definitely figured me out so to say. When I went to charge my phone the other day, I checked the battery usage stats, and it had been well over 4 days on the battery since the previous charge! I turn my phone off at night, so that's 6-8 hours a day that it's not on. But still, the battery life is actually quite good, and for people that use the phone more heavily than I, you should be able to make it through a full day without the battery dying. Overall, this phone is a great device and is fun to use. I don't see why the majority of people would "need" more than what this phone offers as far as performance and capabilities. The next HTC model up is almost another $100, and I can't image it's much (if at all) better. Save your money with this phone and spend it on something else interesting here on Amazon.

Although not as big or fast as newer models I find it to do all I ask of it. Great camera, good sound reception and a great price.

Pros, feature rich, l especially like &#34;talk & text&#34;, compact and light. And lt's running the current OS 4.0.Cons, crappy antenna placed in the bottom curved area right where l want to hold it, causes antenna to cutout. FYI lt also doesn't have an internal compass.Virgin Mobile Customer service: unacceptable, couldn't understand a word that was spoken.l finally managed to get to technical support, and they definitely know their stuff. The connection issues l washaving were fixed in a few minutes.Other than having to be careful where l hold onto the phone, l really like it. Sensible entry level smartphone.

The good: Everything else besides battery. Really, it would be a five star phone had it not been due to the battery problem.The bad: I had the phone for two weeks. The phone can never charge completely to 100%. It usually charge up to 70% and start discharging exponentially. I can live with one day battery but this charging problem can be a red flag for future battery problem.The ugly: The battery is not user-replaceable. So if the battery dies in, says two month, it would be so troublesome to replace the battery (if possible, if not, I'd be stuck with a dead phone).--------Update---------After 6 months: No battery problem whatsoever.

I really like this phone:- great response to touch for both dialing and entering data- Voice recognition is the most accurate and useful I've ever used- thin and good viewing area (still fits in my pocket)- Camera takes great pics and has many useful features which are easy to invokeAll-in-all it is working great.

this phone could not be any better for me :D i swear, anyone who loves music and android phones :D

It works fine in the first 2 months but after that people call you and the phone does not ring.Sometimes you just receive a voice mail because the phone sets you unavailable. The phone restarts itself multiple times. I do not recommend this phone nor Virgin mobile.

This phone is great once you considered the price and the service that it is on. FOR thirty five dollars a month this is the most cost effective phone know the market. Also the phone itself is not too shabby. It has a slightly bigger screen than the iPhone 4 and 4s. It is moderatly fast. But the best thing about this phone is the battery life.  I can easily get two days out of much battery even with 3g left on.

The phone works as described I'm currently used and I had no problems with anything I love it thank you

This phone really pushes the boundaries of "entry level" and shows why HTC is at the front when it comes to building phones.I will start off with the cons first.#1. This phone will never see an upgrade to Android 4.2 Jelly Bean (HTC has stated that any phone with 512MB ram or lower are not upgradable).I for one will sign any petition other One V owners want to start up in order to get HTC to test an update for us.#2. No front forward facing 1.3MP VGA camera for Skype.#3. HTC killed animations for weather app and kept Sense gui light.#4  All aluminium case means when your phone finally does freeze up, you'll have to wait till the battery dies to restart.#5. Due to the charging port being on the lower left, had to buy a new car mount.Now the pros: Keep in mind, some of the above will be contradicted.#1. HTC Sense was kept light. I owned a HTC Hero, can you say bloated gui! Even if it is not as pretty, it's not slow!#2. Its made of aluminium, not plastic, so it feels tough and rugged.#3. Slim profile and screen is not to big. Phone is light!#4. Battery life is great.#5. In the one month I have owned this phone have only had Iheart radio force close once, phone never froze on me.The slim profile of the all aluminium body with its protruding chin make this a very comfortable phone as well as a sexy and sleek phone.It comes with a 1Ghz. single core processor and 512MB ram, along with 1Gb internal storage. Phone doesn't come with a MiniSD card, and due to its small internal storage I would recommend at least a 16GB card to purchase with it. It comes with Beats Audio which is definitely a plus.It's 3.7" screen is bright and clear. A little small to type on screen with, but is fine when you type in landscape mode.The Camera on this phone despite only being 5MP is actually one of the better camera's I have used. It was kept simple and the gui kept light. It allows you to either hold your finger on the snap icon for burst shots or to snap a photo while video recording your sons little league baseball game.BlueTooth on this phone works good with my car and good with my computer. Although hotspotting is disabled, you can tether it to your computer with Klink or other such apps. As far as Sense being stripped down there were things I had to download and buy. HTC Evo V (My girlfriends phone) has quick settings on her shade that makes turning Mobile/WiFi/Bluetooth on and off easy. This phone didn't. Although unlike her phone the notifications shade drops at lock screen, so I purchased express settings and killed that little drawback.Phone runs Crackle and Netflix, although its better on WiFi for obvious reasons. Youtube is as good on any other phone and if your wondering if the single core and lack of ram will run GLWG or Angry Birds, Yes it will with no lag. Facebook comes pre-installed and runs better on this phone than on my last phone (Motorola Photon 4G 1.2Ghz dual core with 1GB ram) which was locked to Gingerbread 2.3 after Moto screwed their customers. Battery Life will depend on how hard you push it. Watching video or playing games will kill your battery in about 2.5 hours. I get roughly depending on if I remember to shut off mobile network in week signal area's and wifi when not home about 30 hours before having to charge it. but on a 10 hour shift at work left it on all knight with Iheart playing and went from 90% down to 37%. My old phone would have lasted about 4 hours!All in all if your looking for a good solid phone that will run like a trooper, look no further. It has embodied all that HTC stands for. A good product designed to be rugged and last forever.

I am finally out of the stone age! Took me long enough, but this phone is really nice works well. I don't go online much on it but when I do it's pretty slow. Camera is nice, it is organized. Still a lot that I don't understand on it yet, but we'll get there. I would recommend it to a friend.

I recently purchased this phone and love it. I do think the auto spell is a little querky and underdeveloped, it saves words such as it and dont, words it should know already. It tries to overcorrect you to but for a 100 dollar phone little querks are ok. It's when the phone shuts itself off automatically (Samsung) when I have a problem. The audio is awesome (beats) and the screen resolution is nice. Im vary happy with this purchase and will deffinately reccomend this product. HTC for life haha

This is what I had -Carrier was Sprint for 4 years.  Had the HTC 4G....the very first model that came out in 2010.  It had a big screen, fully charged would last 5 hours on standby (with no useage) and lasted 1 hour using GPS or watching a movie on the Sprint network.  I bought a new battery and got the same results so the battery useage on this phone was awful...plus I was paying Sprint $79.99/mth for 4G which I didn't get in my area and probably 2% OR LESS anywhere else.  Waste of money with Sprint.So my contract came up in September 2012.  I called Sprint and asked if they could lower my monthly payment or do me a deal and they said no!  So, here I am with Virgin Mobile and the HTC One V.  Awesome!Virgin Mobile - uses the same towers as Sprint!  Infact, when I called Sprint to cancel my plan with them, they thanked me for going to Virgin Mobile and staying within their network.  I ordered my phone online at Virginmobile.com and it arrived in 4 days.  Sweet!  NOTE : if you want to transfer your old number to this new phone you need to keep your current provider active, do not cancel until this new phone is activated and Virgin Mobile have transported your cell number over.  When I got my phone I could not transfer my cell number on the Virgin Mobile website, not sure why, the website told me to contact their customer services so I did.  A rep walked me through the process and told me that my cell number with Sprint would be transferred to this phone within 2 hours.  The rep was great, very knowledgable.  Sure enough after 2hrs 15 minutes my new phone was working and my old cell number was on it or in it? LOL  I had signed up for the $35/mth plan - automatically debits my account and I get 300 minutes/month and unlimted text and data (web, email).  You get access to the full android network so there's thousands of free apps and Virgins own program on the phone gives you free streaming music!  You can check on your phone how many minutes or data you have used or you can go to their website an log on - that's awesome!Now the phone - HTC One V -  It's slim, built in battery so you can not use a spare!  touch screen is very responsive.  The screens and options to customize are great.  It's much easier in the pocket and carrying around than the HTC 4G or any of the other 'brick' sized phones out there.  The screen is just big enough to watch youtube and view facebook etc.  It's only 3G which is fine with me, atleast you're not paying for something you can hardly get.  It runs off my wi-fi at home or any other free wi-fi it picks up on (saves on battery).  I have used the GPS and its worked great!  You get Google Maps/Nav and you get the Sprint Nav.  I prefer Google.  Battery drainage has been fantastic!  48 hours with minimal use (couple of 10 minute calls, texting, facebook, check emails etc)....48 hours is awesome!  I have read about complaints that when charging it will not charge over 78% or some other percentage. That happened to me but it's fixed now. You charge the phone while it's switched off!  Only for the first few times.  Let the phone run down to about 20%, then switch off, charge and wait for the green light.  Voila!  If I charge while it's on it still sometimes stuck around the 70 or 80% but when I unplug the charger and put it back in - it says 100%.  So it is and will charge all the way.  No big problem.  But if you want to charge while it's off it should show the green light when it's done and when you switch it on it'll show 100%.I have downloaded 2 battery and app killer apps.  'easy task killer' it's called.  Excellent app.  Kills unwanted apps and reduces battery useage.  This app will show you the percentage of battery charge left and were all the charge as been used, it breaks it down for you  EG  15% on standby, 15% on calls, 5% web, 65% charge remaining.  Cool!  You can also customize the settings so for example it will not 'refresh' emails, facebook notifications, etc etc... and this will also save battery juice!  So if your battery is low and your out somewhere you can atleast change the settings to preserve your battery until you can next charge it up.So from $79.99/mth (450 min and unlimited data) to $37/mth ($35 plus taxes) (300 min and unlimited data) and I now have a more reliable phone and an extra $40/mth in my pocket .  Christmas come early!  Oh yer.... and no contract too!Enjoy!

The alarm works most of the time.That about sums up the phone. Most of the time, it's fine. But when it doesn't work, it's a problem.Take the aforementioned alarm. It works 9 times out of 10. But much like car brakes, you really need an alarm to work 100% of the time. When the alarm fails to go off, there's no rhyme or reason; it just doesn't. And that's a problem.Sometimes text messages just never come through. I know of at least a handful of texts that were sent to me that never showed up... and those are just the ones I know about. Who knows how many others I never saw that I don't even know that I never saw. Again, a 90% success rate on text message receiving isn't good enough. Ditto for missed calls--it's not uncommon for me to have a voicemail for a call that didn't show up as having been missed, nevermind the fact that I had the phone the whole time and it never rang.Sometimes it can't find the WiFi network, even when my other devices aren't having that problem.The HTC One phone seems cheaply made. I've had it for less than three months and it already has a badly cracked screen; it has sustained more cosmetic damage in three months than my last two phones (an LG G2X and an iPhone 3G) sustained in four years combined.This is a cheap phone. If you're on a super-tight budget and just need any old smartphone to get you through, the HTC One is the phone for you. If, however, you value receiving ALL your texts and calls, you want to make it to work on time, and you'd prefer your phone not crack the first time you drop it, I would advise against the HTC One.

Runs a lot faster than the optimus v we upgraded from. the operating system is something to get used to from 2.0 to 4.0 but still good. Download a browser such as opera or firefox or you will get frustrated. battery life seems average. cant beat the 35.00 plan when you use mainly text and web.*Update 12/28/12 - the screen broke. It has a snap-on, hard plastic case on it but it was in my coat pocket with my keys. At some point, the key knicked the side of the phone where the aluminum frame and screen meet and created a crack across the entire screen. It wasn't stepped on or anything, just in the same pocket.Note: don't put in pockets with keys.*

Had this phone for about a month now and I love it.  The android software is great.  The only problem is that the internal memory space is really small, which means some apps like instagram, Evernote and Spotify won't work properly.  This can be fixed by buying and inserting a micro SD card, which can be found for cheap.  I ended up getting a 32GB micro SD card on Amazon on sale for $20, and ever since then I have not had any problems.  Also the phone isn't powerful enough for high performance gaming (I personally don't care for this), but works fine with the popular games like Words With Friends.  The battery life is bearable, but depending on usage it won't last an entire day without needing to be charged.

I love this phone and the virgin mobile service. Less expensivew and have never missed a call or even dropped one.

I went from a cheaper Virgin Mobile LG slider phone to this, and I must say I really like this phone.The user interface can sometimes be cumbersome, but overall i would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a smartphone, but doesn't want to pay a huge price premium.

I cannot afford the monthly bill for an iPhone on the major carriers. I also cannot afford to buy one at full price from Virgin Mobile. I decided to be reasonable and get this smart phone. I am really surprised by how nice it is! I have owned an iPod Touch and used iPhones in the past and I have to say that this phone is good competition. It really does almost anything an iPhone does. It even displays the weather and time on the home screen, something iPhone does not do. It also seems to be well constructed, it doesn't feel flimsy at all. The back is plastic, but it's a really hard plastic that kind of looks like metal. I got a purple silicone case for it and I think it is a really cute phone. If you're on a budget this phone is an excellent runner up to the iPhone!The only thing that I did not like is that you have to buy a microSD card for the phone to store photos and music. Not a huge deal, I just did not know this when I bought the phone.

This is my fourth smartphone (iphone 3gs, samsung galexy prevail, motorola Triumph).  This phone does all that I need it to and does it well.  I mainly listen to podcasts.  The phone has beats audio, which wasn't a selling point when I bought the phone, but actually makes a notable difference.  The body is polished metal, and the glass is gorilla glass.  The phone is much nicer than the price tag would suggest.  I can't speak about the camera.

Bought this phone for my son for a Christmas present.  He loves it, and it arrived two days earlier that expected so he was extremely happy.

Long short short: stay away from this phone. Very poor build quality, and very poor software.Pros: Very attractive physical design, feels nice in the hand. That's about it.Cons: This phone did not survive one drop from about 30 inches. It was dropped literally one time, and the screen shattered. In spite of the low price, I expect better build quality than this. Additionally, HTC has bastardized the Android 4.x experience, making the software on this device very difficult to use. For example, they have removed the on-screen context menu and replaced it with an implicit long-press of the recently-used menu. This is just one of many strange, counter intuitive design decisions.We wasted $150 on this phone, two thumbs way down. It was replaced with an LG Optimus Elite.

very good phone, at a very good price, i really liked this model of htc buy, i hope to continue to improve

I love this phone, it does all the things I want to do on it and I get good reception, even at work.

I bought this for my friend. I wanted one for myself but doesn't have a hot spot. Virgin Mobile offers a $35/mo service which includes 300 min talk, unlimited web, and unlimited text msg. If the phone has a WiFi hot spot feature you can get unlimited WiFi service with your mobile plan for only $15/mo. This phone doesn't have the WiFi hot spot feature so I'll keep my HTC EVO 3D 4G.  When Virgin Mobile offers an HTC Cellphone with the hot spot feature I'll upgrade. Until then I'll keep surfing the web and telling my friends about my Virgin Mobile plan with the WiFi hot spot feature and my HTC EVO Cellphone. Thanks Virgin Mobile for being my prepaid service provider for the past 5 years. Virgin Mobile has replaced every phone with a new replacement whenever I had a malfunction they couldn't fix over the phone. They also provide the best service representatives I've ever contacted. That alone says a lot because I am a picky customer and expect excellent service for a low price! After buying the Samsung Galaxy SII, I went back to my HTC EVO. I will use HTC phones until I'm gone. Hand's Down HTC has been the best phone I've ever owned.

First off, I bought this phone a week ago, came in 2 days ago and activated right away. So I've had it for 2  days.This phone is a great phone. It is fast, smooth, and plain great.On the first day, that is.I am now on my second day with this phone and I plugged it into the charger when I went to sleep last night.When I woke up, I saw that it was at 70%, after being plugged into the charger for like 6 hours.I thought that was weird so I plugged it out and plugged back into the charger and 2 hours later, it still says 70%. So it seems that the phone charges to a 70% and stops charging, when it should charge to a 100% and stop.I've searched online and saw that few other people have the same issue.I don't know what to do with this phone now, because I've already activated with virgin mobile.If possible, I will be returning it to amazon for a refund and buying the HTC Evo V instead (only $40 more than the One V)--------------------------------------------------------------------------------So I have contacted Virgin Mobile about the issue, and they've sent a replacement phone. I am just waiting for it.(I just hope the replacement phone fully charges to a 100%)I highly recommend you get this phone.Other than the battery issue, the phone is awesome.I would say the only thing it lacks is a front facing camera.

The battery dies fast, the alarm system only works half of the time, and there is usually a glitch in the message app, but other than those few things the phone is awesome!

With a plan you can`t beat with the beats audio and amazing camera you runs smoothly with android 4.0 ICS

absolutly love my new phone!!!! I have had the lg optimus for way to long and I finally decided for a change and itis a good change..

I have been waiting for a few months for this phone to come to the US.  The HTC One lineup is pretty decent, and this is a great little phone, especially for the price.  I use T-Mobile, and I think it is an absolute shame that they don't offer the One V.  I figured my best bet was to get the Virgin phone and unlock it, I could have sworn someone said it was GSM.  It isn't.  I used the phone for a day and was very impressed with the screen and the Android 4 OS.  Very few phones have Android 4, and this is one of the least expensive of them.  I regretfully had to send it back.  Here's hoping that T-Mobile wakes up and offers this great phone themselves.

If your not able to spend a pretty penny look no further than the HTC one v. For such a small phone you get superior build quality and amazing battery life. Beats audio makes this a steal. Must have for the budget conscious

This phone is terribly slow and I have only 6 apps downloaded. The power button is in a terrible spot (in the top right corner) and I always accidentally hit it when holding my phone. This wouldn't be a big deal if the phone had a fast response time.  I'm trying to train myself to hold the phone another way, but I shouldn't have to.  Poor design.Google maps and navigation is buggy and GPS has a significant lag time when updating your location (which has caused me to drive past location I wanted to get to when using it for driving navigation). I don't trust the volume as it seems to reset at random and I miss preset alarms when the volume mutes itself.I don't always get notifications when I get a new text while other times I get repeat notifications on some messages that I've already read. Sometimes the LED notifications decides to flash when I have a new text, sometimes it does not.I decided on this phone b/c it got great camera reviews... but even that feature is disappointing.  Pictures are turning out dark and grainy if not taken under perfect conditions.Basically, I don't trust this phone at all.

I call it Jesus, because it saved my life.  Thank You Jesus for saving my life from eternal phone hell...

You can't beat the virgin mobile prices, but this phone is buggy and slow and often forgets commands or takes three tries.  Next time I might buy a nicer phone but this one gets the job done for cheap.

While it's on a Galaxy S3 or anything, it's a great prepaid phone.  Got one that I use in the car as a media and streaming player, and one that I gave to a friend, and he's loving it too.  Fast, capable, tolerable battery life, and the latest Android operating system make this a great phone when it's on sale for less than $100.

It is early April 2013. I have owned this phone since late November 2012 - a little over four months.The general feel and appearance of the phone are good. The camera takes great pictures. Calls sound clear.But the texting is hard - small keypad. Landscape mode stopped working after only one month, or it suddenly went into landscape mode without moving the phone, and at inconvenient times. The "chin" that juts out at the bottom of the phone made it a little awkward to hold while typing a text in landscape mode (for the brief time it actually worked).The signal cuts in and out, making the phone even slower when trying to get some internet action. Lots of dropped calls too. I don't live in some small town either - every major wireless carrier has towers around here. Lots of dead spots in spite of that fact.Sometimes the alarm doesn't work, so I'm back to the old clock radio by the bed in use since the 80's. Applications seem to open by themselves when the phone is not in use no matter how careful I am about closing out of everything before locking the screen.Sometimes I will get a text message from someone 24 hours after they sent it. I have a friend on Virgin Mobile with a different phone, and he says that happens to him as well.Still, I give it three stars because overall the phone has increased my capabilities over my previously un-smart phone, and the photos are pretty good quality.

Got this phone as I was unable to get Virgin to admit they had not shipped the first one I ordered direct from them. Amazon's unit arrived almost overnight. The phone was a gift for grand daughter. She loves the phone. I can't comment much on it's technical ability, other than the large bright display. But it makes her happy, and that's enough for me. We actually got three of these phones from various sources, all for use on Virgin network. All are working great.

After a week of having this device, it started lagging, I would have to restart my phone for the lag to stop but later on it would lag, but its still a good phone

This is a very nice phone.  My problem is with Virgin Mobile's coverage.  I travel  and there are dead spots in the rural areas.  I had to go back to Verizon.  Nice phone, though.  I returned it thanks to Amazon.com.

i bought this phone for my 15 yr old daughter she has been through a few phones...bad luck. not the phones fault..this phone was great...took great pics and has great apps and all ...i love this phone for myself

I have not had the phone long enough to really hate it but if I do keep the thing, I am sure I will. So far it does not run many of the apps I am used to on other phones but this is not my reason for giving it a one star.My complaint is really with Virgin. I live in a remote rural location half the year. I finally got my phones working quite well with a booster and antenna. My last phone provider was Sprint which is why I considered switching to Virgin. I knew for a fact that Sprint phones worked on my antenna and in my area, as well as most other phones. So before buying the phones (got two of them,both of which are going back) I called Virgin to make sure the phone had a chance of working in my area. They said it would work anywhere a Sprint phone would work. I asked for clarification. Is there any roaming etc? They said there are no roaming charges. True because the phone ONLY WORKS ON SPRINT NETWORKS. IT WILL NOT SHARE OTHER NETWORKS LIKE MOST OTHER PHONES. YOU CAN ONLY USE THE PHONE WHERE THERE ARE SPRINT FACILITIES AND THERE ARE NONE IN MY AREA. I ask every visitor to my house to try my booster and antenna and virtually every phone works here, Verizon US Cellular Credo and several oddballs but the Virgin phone will not even recognize a signal I CAN NOT EVEN USE IT FOR 911 CALLS. THIS MEANS THAT YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO USE THE PHONE FOR EMERGENCY CALLS UNLESS THERE HAPPENS TO BE A SPRINT TOWER NEARBY. There is an emergency mode but good luck getting it to work. It doesn't. I think Virgin has some serious liability issues here.

Love this phone.  Arrived fast and works great  Now I can watch videos and surf the web faster tyhan the samsung intercept that i purchased months ago.

phone is slow. virgin mobile's service is mediocre to terrible. drops calls every time I use it, poor voice quality, text messages don't send and I frequently do not get notifications for texts I have received.  has an issue where phone won't charge when I plug it in and I have to reboot in order to get it to charge. just tried to check voice mail and it dropped the call 4 times. I'm trying to save money right now or else I would throw this piece of $#! % out

HTC always exceeds escpentativas of phones, the design, the versatile and intuitive the device is amazing, I already want to buy the new HTC one, it looks amazing.

I just love this phone. My girlfriend had gotten an LG Optimus Elite for Virgin mobile last year and now wants one of these as she says it works more smoothly. The size is perfect and I actually really like the curved bottom... it helps when you are in the car or somewhere dark and can't quite see, you can tell which end is the bottom. I haven't had one single issue with this. Plus you really really cannot beat the price on Amazon, especially if you have prime.NOTE: If you want a good chuckle, read some of the 1 and 2 star reviews. Most are from people reviewing the wrong phone, and a couple are people who said they loved the phone but hated having to talk to customer service that sounded like they are from India? So give the phone 1 star? Yeah... these people don't know how to work reviews. I've been a Virgin mobile customer for 4 years now and have nothing but 100% positive experiences with the company. I've save a ton of money as well. There shouldn't be any need to ever call into virgin mobile if you have access to the internet on a computer... and what big company now days DOESN'T have their call center based in India or somewhere? Anyway... A++++ on this phone.

phone keeps shuting down for no reason. liked it at first then just started to reboot alot.my old phone worked better

i dont like the phone

Very nice product... My daughter loves this phone and is on it a lot.  Has many features of all Android's with a nice quality feel.  I am impressed with the quality and service for a contract free service phone.  Drops calls only in her school - how unfortunate!

I have owned several smartphones, so I can honestly say that this one is my favorite so far. The battery life is outstanding. It has a small memory though, so I purchased extra. I keep looking at the battery life to see if It's on It's way out bit sofar I go two days without feeling the need to recharge.  It charges very quickly. I watch netflix, hulu  and play music in the car. It's my little electronic companion.

Had this phone a little over a week and it has performed great. Performance could be a little bit faster, but other than that have encountered no issues. It is very easy to root if you want that as an option. Setup was very easy and the phone functions great.

The phone is good quality im not sure if its processing speed is kinda poor or if virgin mobiles service is just sluggish. it seems like when i first got it my reception was great now all the sudden i always only have 1 or 2 bars and the wifi doesnt work any better than the mobile providers internet. iam able to play greatest mobile mmorpg Arcane Legends on it though:) actually runs well. web surfing kinda slow, and the keyboard cant keep up with my fast typing. Cmon virgin mobile cant you put some new towers up or something? i need better service and have been using virgin for 2 years.... please make improvements.

It's hardly possible to get better value for $50.Now I use it as my second mobile, plus it turned out that my local CDMA operator gives 2x better value than HDSPA. I never thought I would use CDMA before I got this product.

I enjoy having upgraded to this phone from a tracfone. The monthly price is right, but they kind of screwed up the porting of my old number. Couldn't get a lick of help from the foreign based customer service crew, but they were very polite but not at all helpful. I essentially had to figure it out myself.

Having upgraded from the HTC Droid Incredible six months ago, I am pretty disappointed in the HTC One V. It's the same size as the Incredible, but with an angled "chin." Visually, they look so similar that I can't help but compare them. Overall, I feel that this model is like the 3-4 year old Incredible, but one that has been stripped bare of certain features. If I was still using Verizon, I'd simply by a new battery and switch back to my old HTC Incredible. This phone feels intentionally hobbled by the manufacturer in order to justify the price point. I want to remain an HTC fan, but am finding it difficult.Pros:1) Small size fits easily in pocket2) The "chin" design gives the phone an asymetricality that makes the phone easy to orient (front/back/top/bottom) in the dark.3) Good camera (much improved)Cons:1) Missing the "menu" hardware button. Some apps are designed for a menu button, and not having one renders certain apps useless.2) Missing my favorite app--the HTC news RSS feed! HTC, you spent the hard work of creating the app, why would you purposely exclude it from later models?3) The alarm function is buggy--it only seems to buzz about 40% of the time. Ironically, if the phone is in deep sleep, it can't even wake itself up to wake me up! (I've had to buy an old fashioned alarm clock for my business trips! Are you kidding me?)4) The software regularly lags bigtime--even when using simple apps like text messaging. It often closes back to the home screen in the middle of typing.5) Battery held a charge well for the first 6 months, but I feel like it's quickly fading fast. Worse still, the battery is embedded in the case, and cannot be replaced.

HTC One V offers every thing I need, with great discount, much better than LG and Samsung equivalent products. My partner and her son both have HTC One V.....

Currently I am on a grandfathered Virgin Mobile plan.  That means as long as I keep using my LG Optimus V I can stay on the $25 "unlimited" plan.  Their plan is not truly unlimited as they throttle data when you hit the 2.5 GB mark.  However, you can get through this by topping up again.I mention this because Virgin Mobile has long done away with their Unlimited text and data plan for $25 and has bumped rates to $35 for my type of plan.  If I didn't have the grandfathered option I would drop VM for another carrier.  They had cited the 4G network as the reason for the price increase and if you keep to a current list of 3G phones you could keep your $25 a month rate.The HTC V One is a 3G phone.  However, if I wanted to transfer my services to it I would be giving up the $25 a month plan and have to pay $35 instead.  For a phone without 4G capability causing this type of price increase it is not worth it.The retail price is too high for this type of limited hardware.  I bought this phone during a RadioShack special for $50 which included $10 back in credit.  Even paying this price for it I have second thoughts of whether it was a good buy.Here are some good aspects to this phone.It records video in HD quality.  I considered buying a Flipcam, however, I never did because that product is not longer being made and eventually will stop being supported.  This is an excellent alternative.  The video quality is very decent.As a music player it is great.  Audio sounds great.  Supposedly there is Beats Audio technology included in the phone however I have heard that this doesn't really do much besides compress the audio.If you can get VOIP working on the phone it is a great extra handset.  The build is sleek and slim.  The glass feels smooth and incredibly sturdy and scratch resistant.As for the hardware tweakers who want to install a custom rom you will be severely disappointed especially if you wish to use the camcorder and camera aspects of the phone,.  When using this it does crash a lot.  I have heard that it is due to propietary information that HTC has not released to developers.  I have also heard that the auto-focus crashes the phone.  The custom roms I have tried have all been JellyBean based and have had these identical problems.  Since I really want this as a video recorder I reverted to a modified version of the stock rom.  That means I am using Ice Cream Sandwich, which is okay.Also, I want to mention that this device is a pain to root and install custom roms.  If you are looking to modify this hardware for your specifications I would pass.The small display is really good and crisp.  I love looking at pictures and watching YouTube videos on this handset.Overall I like having a small sleek device to take pictures and video with.  However I recommend that most people pass on this particular phone.  The main reasons being that it lacks 4G capability and is limited when it comes to modifying.  HTC might release a JellyBean update for this but I wouldn't count on it.So... pass..  do not buy.

I initially purchased this phone for the primary purpose of completing transactions with Square. While it does that without too much of a fight, using as my daily phone has been quite a challenge. I for one am not a big fan of HTC Sense 4, and my battery life and data speeds were held back by the stock OS build (download speeds almost NEVER exceeded 300kbps even in a full coverage zone!). Thankfully, HTC makes it easy (and yes, it's legal) to unlock the bootloader and put a custom ROM onto the device. I traded the modest reliability of the stock build for much better battery life and data speeds that are much more useful (1.5mbps down).Overall, it has been an ongoing labor to try and make this phone fulfill my wants. For the cost of the device, I suppose it's a bit unreasonable to expect more from it. So in the end, it's left a sort of &#34;blah...&#34; impression with me.***Loading a custom ROM can render your device completely unusable (&#34;brick&#34; it), and should only be attempted if you are willing to fully assume that risk.

First my gripe.  I  bought this phone from &Agrave;mazon last black friday for 50 bucks. Since then it has basically quadrupled in price not only here but also on Virgin Mobiles site. While it a great phone, this factor drops its value for me. You cab now purchase 4g capable phones at about the same price and for a few bucks more (and sometimes less) 4g LTE devices. Yes I do love the beats by dre but let's stat within the market parameters.Now for the phone. Good mid level android phone. I love the beats for working out. Smallish. Im not really a size queen, but to enjoy Netflix and youtube a bigger screen would be nice. Internal memory not all that great either. Supposedly still running on 4.0 but it is a nightmare trying to get apps updated. I have even reduced the number of apps, but to no evail.  Sort of defeats the whole purpose??

I bought (2) of these phones, Paid over $200, and now at the same time both phones have stopped working. They will not turn on. Beware of this seller.

Phone is extremely sluggish.  When trying to view videos, the picture doesn't work.  You can hear it, but you can't see it.  Text messaging barely works.  When I tap to see messages, it gets stuck and goes back to previous screen.  Nothing works like it should.  I've reset it.  Numerous factory resets and still the same results.  I would never recommend this phone.  My husband has an older model Motorola Droid X which is a few years older than this phone and it works better than this thing.  Oh and never depend on the alarm clock on this phone to wake you up.  It only works about 50% of the time, so I gave up on that.

fast and cheep what more do you want. i wouldn't game anymore than angry birds though but you can still do a little.

Got it, charged it per directions, tried to swap from old phone to new phone as I have done with many VM phones before, but new phone would not accept the transfer.  Wasted an hour trying to explain the issue to the generic customer support guy why finally gave up after we tried every stock solution, he then passed me to "tech support."  Tech support could barely speak English let alone understand the problem, and kept trying to change my cell phone number, rather than fix the problem.Hey Virgin, what good is a discount call center in Asia if they drive your customers away?

I love this phone, it does everything I need it to GPS, Internet is fast, camera, video, e-mail, FB, and for the price and prepaid monthly fee, I am saving a serious amount of money from a contract. I love the screen, it's big and not too &#34;touchy&#34;.

I this as a gift for my mom and she loves it! Would deff recommend to anyone that is looking.

I would have been better off buying a brick.-Phone: Among friends, my phone is always the first to lose signal when traveling or standing under a roof or any other place and time.-Data: Data coverage is worse than phone. It is not fast, reliable or unlimited.-Music: This phone has very limited internal storage. So you need to stream your music from somewhere. Google Music Player is a great application. It automatically turns off when you turn off your vehicle/Bluetooth, usually. If the the music player is moving slow (always on this phone)the phone will sometimes wait 20-30 minutes, the screen will freeze and it will start playing again at full volume through the phones internal speakers. Since there is no battery to pull and all external inputs have no effect there is no way to turn it off. Performance has steadily decayed over the year that I have owned this phone. When I got the phone it would stream music about 9 out of ten tries, now it will stream music maybe 1 in 10 attempts. When it does stream it skips worse than a CD player in a washing machine. I suspect Virgin is intentionally slowing the phone to attempt to force customers to upgrade.-BlueTooth: Connects maybe 1 in 5 attempts, settings change by themselves every time there is an update.-General Speed: This phone is SLOW, it often sticks on one screen then delays a tap on that screen for a few seconds until the next screen is displayed.-Battery Life: Anywhere between 10 minutes and 5 hours. Seriously, if the phone is updating it will suck your whole battery in like 10 minutes, the the update will fail to install, so for the next week you have only 10 minutes between charges.-Overall: I was suckered by Richard Branson's Video on the Virgin Mobile website. Shame on me. If this phones performance is any indicator of the quality of Virgin products and services, the products and services don't actually exist. Virgin Galactic and Air are just marketing campaigns without physical assets.

Only issue is the camera, it freezes every once and a while and I have to restart the phone then its ok

I got a heck of a deal on Cyber Monday.  So far I am pretty impressed.  The one thing it lacks is a side button for snapping pictures.  but that's not a huge deal.  For the price, it's a pretty sweet phone.

this phone can not be activated the line in Venezuela, is regrettable. should not sell phones that are gsm.be careful

This phone has been an improvment on my first Virgin Mobile smart phone (an LG that retailed for $199 but I was able to get for $50 during a Black Friday special). The LG eventually failed and the HTC One V has worked well. It sometimes seems a little slow, but I don't know if that's due to the phone or the service. Overall, I am happy with it. It's not the best, but it's an improvement over what I had.

Granted.  I am not a tech guru, but I am an old engineer.  For years I had and used a dumb cell phone so this is my first smart phone.  Before I bought this phone I shopped and shopped, read all the reviews, and I mean all of them.  So informed of the pros and cons of the HTC One V, I bought one.My experience setting it up, activating service, and porting my old cell phone number to GV was nothing less than seamless! Ive installed several apps, including one that turns this little phone into a VOIP device, very useful to me.My advice: do your research, know how to set up and charge this phone properly, read the manual, and do the software update.I'm glad I did

the music player is weird. it also does some other quirky things like not automatically connecting to my home wifi. still better than my Iphone 3g

The HTC One V is a nice prepaid handset that has some awesome features and specs. For $199 this is truly a phone worth considering. Heres some of the specs:1 GHz Single Core Processor3.7 WVGA Super LCD, 800x480 DisplayBeats AudioAndroid 4.0.3/Ice Cream SandwichSense 45 MP Camera with LED FlashRecords in 720p HDDesign:The HTC One V is built out of a single piece of Aluminum which gives the phone a nice sturdy and durable feel. The phone also brings back the "Chin", which slightly raises the bottom of the phone. This is a love it or hate it. For me i love it, because it makes the phone unique and it makes it stand-out against the straight bar phones today. One thing you will notice instantly about the phone is how light and thin it is. Its just mind blowing.Camera:The Camera might not be the latest, but it still takes decent shots. The 5 MP camera is equiped with HTC's Image Sense Chip which helps takes images faster, and it does help alot. Indoor shots were a little grainy, but still were okay. Outdoor shots were great, although not as detailed, than the 8 MP cameras, colors were very bright, and overall nice. The camera also has continuous shooting, which lets you take a continuous range of pictures, and you decide which one is the best photo, and the phone will delete the rest, saving only the picture you took. I found that feature pretty fun to use. The camera also has a wide-range of modes like Low light, panorama, HDR, and more. The camera can also record in up to 720p HD, which looked fantastic. Videos were very crisp and detailed. Another thing i liked about the camera was that while your taking a video, you can also take pictures at the same time. Overall this camera has a lot of neat features that it brings to the table, from continous shooting, to the video recording this camera is marvelous.Performance:The phone comes equiped with a 1 GHz Single Core processor. Doing basic day-to-day tasks was smooth and fast, but going through the web, and playing heavy graphic apps tend to make the phone lag alot. At times i found the phone freezing. Basic web searches seemed to make the phone feel overwhelmed and stressed out. So if you don't use the web a whole lot or play heavy intensive apps, you should be fine.Screen:The screen is something you have to see to believe. The screen is absolutly fantastic. The screen is 3.7" setting it above the the iphone 4 and 4s, and just a smidge below the iphone 5. So for those of you who think phones are getting too big these days, this could be the phone for you. The screen wasn't to large too hold in one hand, and i can touch all 4 corners of the screen using my thumb. Colors were vibrant and true-to-life, while text looked clear and sharp. Playing games and watching movies look great, and the viewing angles on this phone are spectacular.Software:The phone comes with Android 4.0 aka Ice Cream Sandwich. HTC also added Sense Version 4. This version of sense is less intrusive and demanding than the other sense versions, so thats good. You get a decent amount of wallpapers and widgets to add to your 5 only screens. With Android 4.0 you get some of googles products preloaded, which include google+, google search, and access to the google play store. Now for the bad news. If you were hoping that the HTC One V was going to get Jelly Bean, think again. HTC released a statement saying that the HTC One V will not get Jelly Bean due to the lack of required Ram to runJelly Bean. Although Ice Cream Sandwich is still kindv'e new, it would have been nice to get jelly bean on this phone.Conclusion:The HTC ONE V is nice mid-range handset packing in some nice treats and goodies which range from the Sharp screen, to the camera. Since its only $199 without contract this a great device for anybody who wants a phone with some nice specs but without the heavy price. However, the processor is very lag prone, there is no front facing camera, and you wont be getting jelly bean anytime soon. But if all it takes is a great design, awesome camera, and beautiful screen then the HTC One V is for you!Hope you Enjoyed this review of the HTC One V!

Phone is unable to perform as &#34;smartphone&#34;. Basic droid functions such as multimedia messaging, texting or checking email will freeze phone for minutes. W/o any hard buttons(all touchscreen), you are at the mercy of when its able to get out of its loop.

I've had this phone for about a year, and what a long year it's been. Initially, it worked great. It was fast and the graphics were great compared to my old optimus v. After a few months, it started to lag. I never really have many apps that I install, though it's capable of storing quite a few before I ran out of space. After a factory reset, it was good as new, only to have the same lag happen again.Then it started going downhill from there. My phone began freezing and not shutting off. The same song would skip over and over, like back in the olden days when CDs didn't work correctly. Oh, the flashbacks. I've never dropped my phone enough to give it 'brain damage', besides that it's taking much longer to charge now.Aside from that, it constantly drops my wifi. Even while my tablet and laptop going at the same time, my phone is the only one to disconnect constantly. Compared to all other phones I've had, this was the worst. Glad I ordered a new phone today.

Excellent phone. Works with CDMA. Only absence of frontal camera, the rest is fine. Will recommend to anyone who looking for chip phone with super options.

I hate this phone so much. The first week or so it is novel and interesting and especially coming from a non touch phone background it seems capable. But then you start to realize the keyboard takes 2-3 seconds to open. The texts take 2-5 seconds to open. The programs take 2-5 seconds to open. Every single action is lagged by the phones horrible memory and even worse processor speed. This is not a good phone in any sense. My blackberry performed better than this and even when I got the blackberry it was a year old. I spend more time asking my phone "Why won't you work?" than I do making calls on it. Do NOT buy this phone.

I bought this for my 12 yr old son and I am jealous it is easy to navigate and it is sleek and I love that it gives tips while I was setting it up. When I called to activate I also got great customer Service from Virgin Mobile call center rep.Camera yes i tried is also really good for a phone . i am jealous how clear the iage is .

Its a great phone for the priceYou do need to buy a sim card thoughIt takes a little while to learn how to get music on it but its great

I purchased this phone as my first smart phone in February 2013. It worked great for the first month or two, and was easy to adjust to the Smartphone format.After about 2 months the apps started slowing down, the phone apps took longer and longer to open and I even noticed the home screen started showing errors (jumbled text, etc). Around April it fell out of my purse onto the pavement and cracked the screen. I utilized my phone insurance to receive a new phone which was the same model, arrived within a week.The second phone was a similar experience as the first one. It was lightening fast for the first month, but then the functionality of the apps and speed of the phone in general went down hill. I am in the central Florida/Orlando area and have terrible service as well. I've experienced lack of service/signal all through out the South East (FL, GA, SC, NC, TN etc) I can be outside in the middle of downtown with no signal what so ever. I do not get signal in my office or in certain spots in my top floor apartment. I do not recommend this phone or service. I recommend you pay a little more for a better quality phone and service provider in the South East US. There are many other non-contract providers with better service and phone options.

I usually hate writing reviews, but this phone was so great I actually took my time to write one. It arrived the exact day it was estimated to (thank you amazon), and it works great! I have the 35$ plan so I use an app called talkatone that let's me talk without limits. But you have to manually close it in settings and run it on wifi so it won't eat up all your data. The screen is very responsive, the design is light. The camera quality is far better than I expected. The only thing is that the battery is built in so when it comes time to change it I'd have to upgrade. Also it doesnt come with a memory card but i had one on my old phone so i just used that. Since i got it recently, I'm still trying to figure out how to do a few things but so far Im impressed. The beats audio really works.. With my headphones In, I feel like I'm hearing music live in person haha. The battery life is good also, after using it all day, I still get home with about 65 percent. Downloading a task killer would be appropriate in order to close any apps.Basically if you want a phone that works well & has an affordable price tag, go for the htc one v. I love it, I'm 17 and you'd think I'd prefer an iPhone or something .. Na. This is exactly what I was looking for.

This was a gift for my 14 year old son.  He's on it all the time, so I take that as a sign he likes it.  The only complaint he had is about the short battery life.  He takes the charger with him so he can recharge during the day and that works for us.

I purchased this as an upgrade for my daughter and she cannot seem to put it down.  Has all the features same as the EVO.

We recently moved to an area that our contract phone doesn't work (Verizon). I have tried a few other carriers with no luck. I came across virgin mobile (no contract & 35 month plan sold me) not a lot out of pocket if it didn't work all the time.  I was surprised when it worked on every street and in my home without any call drops. Now that I found service I wanted a phone that was good for music and this is perfect :) the price is also a plus.

Not worth the money, you could do so much better for a lot cheaper.  The phone over heats when I am not even using it, and the battery will instantly die when this happens.  It will go really slow with apps every so often, or sometimes just stop all together. Such as in Snap-chat and any type of music app beside Pandora. Messages sometimes don't come because of this phone.  Also there is no front camera, which is kind of annoying. And finally the curved part at the bottom makes it awkward and weird.

Pros:- Gorgeous screen.. High dpi and very good viewing angles (little/no color/contrast shift)- Nice anodized aluminum casing, good build quality- HTC Sense software. Love it or hate it, pretty good overall, IMO.Cons:- Can't remove battery- Single core processor.. but at this price point you can't really hold that against it.I don't have time to say much else besides it's a good phone for the money. Virgin mobile's service could be better, but it's a low budget phone on a low budget phone provider. It gets the job done!

I am not a huge cell phone fanatic, I don't 'talk' much on the thing. Mainly use it for the camera (mostly at work), media player (music) and to hold technical instructions on. Great battery life. I prefer no contract phones. This is a rugged, non-ruggedized little phone, though I do miss a slide-out keyboard.

Okay. I've had this phone for over a year now and I think it's safe to say it's pretty bad. Well, almost pretty bad.Here are the pros:- Absolutely fantastic screen for the 50$ black friday deal. It is the best i've seen on a sub $100 device from 2012.- Built like a freaking rock. This thing is indestructible - I have dropped, thrown, used it in the pouring rain and it hasn't failed me hardware wise yet. Screen has no cracks with only a few scratches. (the &#34;chin&#34; on the device is most likely the culprit for that)- Camera and speaker (yep, one speaker) are meh, but not bad.Here's the bad stuff:-Slow..Slow slow slow slow slow. SLOW. God, save me. There is so much bloatware and background programs that cant be uninstalled on this device it's practically unusable on most days and needs to be restarted. Only rooting and installing android 4.2 can save this piece of....words that cannot be spoken.- Everything elseHonestly the only reason someone in there right mind would buy this would be to use to listen to music. (beats audio is gimmick fyi) Oh and, throw at the wall. It's much to small to be used as a paperweight, albeit heavy.

GREAT!!! There is so much do on this phone. Even a radio! I never had that on a phone before. My last phone was a optimus elite slider. Now I won't go back.Battery life is number 1! Way more better than the elite. I had it on all day, doing texting, camera, radio, and even the gps. GPS wins me over. Finds signal right away, not like my other gps, that I'm tossing out. I voice my destination in and I found that very helpful. I just started checking it out, so I'm sure I'll find alot more things I'll like about this phone.

I got this phone on sale at Radio Shack in January.  For the price (unreal at $50) I thought it would be a nice way to give touchscreens a try.  (My blackberry keyboard seemed to be losing a key a week and I held onto it as long as I could.)  So I got the phone, bought the cheapest monthly package from Virgin Mobile for thirty dollars a month.I now have unlimited data, text, and voice on the phone and forward my Verizon work phone number (attached to a Droid RazrM)to this phone.  It is the perfect size, fitting in the pocket of your jeans; never drops a call, has a beautiful display, awesome camera, great looking black matte powder coat finish, and as far as I can determine, glass that is indestructible for moderately heavy use.My only regret is that I didn't pick up two more as back ups should this ever get lost.

He didn't realize he was ordering a phone with a cracked screen so he was not to pleased. But it does work fine.

This phone was great phone at first compared to my older android. and i enjoyed using it but it has become slow and lags ALOT. it is a good looking phone and has beats audio when listening with something other than phone speaker which i found very stupid. this phone is getting to annoying and im going to buy an iphone, if the iphone doesnt lag then i will be happy. i can put up with alot of stuff on devies but lagging is not one of them and this phone does it way to often.

At first it was great. But now its laggy. It wont turn off. If I turn it off it will turn it back on. It will not dial phone numbers.

this phone gets the job done. battery life is good - maybe 30% remaining when i go to bed at night.

its the perfect phone for the non extreme gamer. its light weight fits almost in any pocket doesnt really heat up (unless your doing something that is graphic intensive) and can do almost anything you tell it do. 5 stars from me thanks HTC.

Bought two for family members. No complaints. Easy to use. I have a Virgin Mobile account, and I use GooglePlay for phone calls, date, and texts.

this is a great phone and a great pricei just love it, it has everything i need and feature that i have come to enjoy.

This phone is amazing for the price. Very fast and plenty of memory for a basic Android phone. Don't forget to pick up a sd card as one is not included. My only complaint is that there is no way to swap batteries if one dies. So I must carry a charger with me

This phone is really nice, durable, quick, and easy to flash. I though having no keyboard would be awkward, but the responsiveness of this screen has kept me from missing buttons. Haptic touch buttons that used to be something I associated with Samsung are handled so well on this phone. Great for newbie developers, as it's just well supported enough to have ROMs to work from, but not so well supported you aren't going to be motivated to tinker with it. The camera is great, screen is so clear it almost looks 3D, and the metal unibody - while easily scuffed - is basically indestructible. Fits perfectly in all my pants pockets - even the tight ones - and has a pretty good battery life too, pretty much always lasting through the day on a charge.CONS:heats up sometimes, but nothing majorcould use more internal memory so i don't have to keep so many apps on SDif you don't hold it just right, the mic doesn't always pick up your voice - not a huge thing, but something i had to get used to

It is way faster and has a lot more storage than my Wildfire (also from HTC), is easy to customize and is pretty intuitive. a great buy for the price

I make my phones work hard.This model takes the punishment.Not really interested in expensive &#34;top of the line&#34; phones that have to be handled like a new born child.

So far so good.  I did a lot of research before switching to Virgin Mobile and this HTC One V phone.  It is almost exactly as the CNET review said it is.  The processor is a little pokey but the call quality is good.  I don't need it to be a high powered machine just to kill time when needed which is exaclty perfect for this phone.  I have had minor issues with apps playing but a simple restart has cured those issues (probably too many other things sucking on memory).

I have had this phone for about 3 weeks having upgraded from Froyo.  I am impressed with the list of features on the phone. It is very lightweight and seems to work flawlessly with most of the applications that I have used so far.  I have tethered this with Easy Tether Pro and was able to connect to the internet with my computer.  Some negatives are however applications from the play store download very slowly through the 3g connection compared to my previous LG phone that had less memory.  My old phone came with a menu button and HTC has eliminated this in favor of one that launches views of open applications.  The application menu icon on the screen is very difficult to work with.  The calculator is not set in the correct font and is only partially viewable.I would recommend this for the individual who does not intend to replace their notebook with this phone.Downgrading my edit of  my previous review at  week 4. My battery does not charge fully. I am returning this for a replacement as the battery needs to be replaced at a service center and is not user accessible.

i lover this phone.. way better.. i use to have the samsung intercept that phone is slow as molasses lol and cant have as much apps.. the the features great phone.. totally recommend to people

Pros:No contract!! Just $35 a month for unlimited texts and data and 300 minutes.Easy activation online or by the phone, and you can keep your phone numberMicro SD card slot, make sure you order a micro SD card along with the phoneSlim design, fits nicely in your pocket and in your handBeats audioCons:Apparently this phone is not going to get the jellybean upgradeNo SIM card slot3G only

HTC One V is very user friendly and durable. Only con is no front facing camera. I would recommend to other for purchase.

The phone is great, but I didn't realize that Virgin uses Sprint as a carrier. I get zero signal at home, or any time I get more than a mile off a major highway. As for the phone itself, I love it. It seems fast, easy to use, Battery life isn't bad, and the GPS is way more accurate than even my Garmin. WiFi works great. I planned to get away from the high bills of ATT by going with the pre-paid, no-contract phones, but I recommend that you check the coverage area vs where you will be using your  phone.

My wife has had Virgin phones for several years.  We are both retired and the first thing I did was get rid of my cell phone.  She has one but we only uses it whenever we travel.  We are on a pay as you go plan only charged for minutes we use.  The only requirement is that you have to top up every 3 months with a minimum of $20.  I have it set to automatically do that anytime that is needed OR whenever our balance gets below $5.  Over the years our balance has grown so we only pay $80/year for our service.This and all Virgin smart phones require a monthly contract. I tried to sign up for a similar plan that I now have but they wouldn't let me do it.  Too bad the phone did look nice & since it was Wi-Fi capable I could have used the apps most places.  This was selling as a gold box daily deal for $69 which was a great price.

Have used the phone for 2 months.Pros1. No contract.2. Good coverage and signal strength in most places, especially my office (Can't get a signal for att or T-mobile).3. Unlimited data  for under $40 a month4. Not too big, fits well in my palm unlike the 4-5&#34; phones.5. Great Battery life: With some minor tweaks the battery lasts for at least 2 full days under normal use (few hours of music, pandora, turn off auto check email and check manually when needed, minor gaming etc, 3g turned off when on wifi, auto screen brightness). With heavy usage the battery lasts for almost 24hrs.Cons1. Takes unusually long to charge. Battery wasn't charging to 100% until a recent software update from htc.2. Has a single core 1Ghz proc. so its not ultra responsive like higher end phones.3. Small ram, you may have to keep cleaning the memory or restarting the phone else some applications (high end games) become slow. This may not be an issue if you dont use memory intensive applications.4. Some applications dont work as well as they did on my iphone 3gs, I am not sure who is to be blames here Andriod or the phone.

This is one of  the best smartphones I've ever had. Large screen, easy to set up and use. I get my email on here all day long. I've never had any problems with it. And Virgin Mobile is a great service provider, too.

this phone is way cooler than i expected. i've always loved android phones anyway but i have not owned an htc phone til now. this one rocks! the sound, the clear screen, user-friendliness of this phone is quite impressive. i've made the right choice.

This phone constantly drops internet signal when im in a good spot..wont work facebook properly...its like not even having a smartphone at all but paying the price for one!!!! its frustrating and im gonna switch to a different carrier and pay a higher price for better service and a better phone..its worth it in the end

I've recently gotten the HTC One V as a replacement for my last phone, the Motorola Triumph. Although the Triumph and the One V are in the same price range, they are nowhere near the same device. The Triumph has a few things the One V doesn't, for example, a front facing camera,an .3 inch larger screen, and an HDMI slot. In most other areas, the HTC One V is victorious. Motorola phones are a strange breed. There are some excellent Motorola phones out their, like the Droid Razr Maxx. But there are also a ton of sub par phones out there. The problem is, Motorola just makes far too many phones. The Motorola Triumph is one of the victims of this model. By comparison, the HTC One V is available from multiple carriers, and is not just a model that was put out there to be the "Virgin Mobile model". From a design standpoint, these phones are largely different. The Motorola Triumph isn't far from looking like a brick. It's very square, and isn't exactly ugly, but it's one of the more plain looking phones out there. The HTC One V, however, is a beautiful, fairly thin phone. It's the same with as an iPod touch, although about twice as thick, and the screen is closer to a 16:9 ratio, just like the newly released iPhone 5. And like the iPhone 5, the HTC One V is a unibody design, except for the small part at the bottom that can be opened and a Mini-SD card can be inserted. Compare that to the Motorola Triumph. I've had two of them, and on both of them, the pesky battery door kept falling off the back. In fact, one time the door fell off and I ended up losing my Micro SD card. The operating system on the Motorola Triumph is 2.2 Froyo, where-as the operating system on the One V is 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich. In those 2 generations of updates, there are quite a bit of differences between these 2 phone operating systems. The reason the Triumph never got updated past 2.2 is presumably because Motorola doesn't see it worth their time to port the newer updates to this phone. I've mentioned earlier that the display on the Triumph is bigger. This is true, but I did notice that on the One V, the colors are more vibrant. The color red, especially, pops right off the screen. The rear camera on the Triumph is not very good. While the one on the One V isn't the greatest either, it's definitely quite better. And the included shutter and aperture settings make it possible to get a pretty good picture in low light even without using the flash. This is a good thing to hear for video, wherein the flash wouldn't be of use anyway. I did notice that the Motorola Triumph had superb audio quality in the voice recording department. I was quite surprised that I could get such great sound out of my phone. And when I tried my One V's voice recording feature, it didn't quite stack up. At least not at first. I realized after a bit that the One V has a more sensitive microphone, which causes it to over-modulate very easily. Because of this, I found that the best way to record sound on this phone is to hold the phone at least 2 feet away from your face. HTC Sense is included in all HTC Android phones. Personally I have found it marginally useful, something I could take or leave. The audio on the Triumph is fairly good to begin with, but the Beats Audio Technology exclusive to HTC phones is amazing. The HTC One V is available from US Cellular, Virgin Mobile, and Cricket. The Motorola Triumph is exclusive to Virgin Mobile.

Wow. I thought for sure some of the negative reviews I saw saying the phone starts to slow down after a while were user issues. But, nope! They're right. I've had this phone for only 4 months and it's so slow. I've even reset it back to factory condition just to clear everything but that didn't help. The biggest issue I have that makes me hate this phone is text messages. When you have the &#34;all messages&#34; list open and try to tap on one conversation, it'll start to open that conversation then go right back to the &#34;all messages&#34; list. It does it a few times before finally opening one conversation. It even does it if there's just one conversation on the list. I even check the &#34;running applications&#34; list constantly to see if there's something still running that's slowing things down but there's never anything running that shouldn't be. I'm really disappointed in this. When using the data function, many sites won't load and it's sluggish.This is a nice looking phone. Calling is perfect - the way a cell phone is supposed to be. No issues with poor reception or battery life. Takes great pictures. The only reason I'm not getting rid of it for something else is because I don't want to take a chance of wasting money on a phone that's not much better. Too many of the great phones are too expensive and HUGE.So, One V is really just an expensive, basic cell phone masking itself as a smart phone.

I picked up this phone when it was on super sale over Christmas knowing that I would be sacrificing some convenience for the price. Since it is my phone, I know how to handle it, but if I ever hand it over to a friend to send a text or look up directions, they throw their hands in the air and give up because it lags so much.I generally manage the lagging by making sure to close out programs that I am not using rather than letting them run in the background, and I restart the phone at least once a day to clear out the memory. This is something iPhone users are appalled that I put up with, but again, I paid very little for the phone, and my monthly phone bills are about a third what they pay.Lately, I've been having more problems with basic functions of the phone like making phone calls and sending text messages. I'll have to tap a contact's name two or three times before it'll actually make the call or take me to the texting screen.A friend of mine recently picked up a cheap LG Phone with a slower processor running an older version of Android, and I've found that his phone runs much more smoothly than mine.  I imagine this may be because his cheaper phone respects its limitations, whereas the HTC One V tries to do all of the things that a higher-end Android phone can do, but it just doesn't have the processing power or memory to handle it.Aside from that, I really like the styling and materials, I like that it fits more easily in my pocket than most current smart phones, and the screen is crisp and clear. If I could get something more powerful in this form factor, I would be happy.

I wanted to find a smartphone that was affordable and did not come with a contract. Since spending upwards of $400-500 was not in my price range I was happy to find this beauty for only $100 at the time. This phone is sleek and very comfortable in your hand. It offers great features such as google play where you can install several different apps if you want. It's casing is all metal instead of plastic like most entry level smartphones. The screen is bright and crisp. The only complaint that I may have is the camera is not as good as comparable smartphones such as the Galaxy S III but for what I use my camera for they are terrific pictures. And, because this phone is sleek and light it can be easy to slip from your hand so I would advice buying a case for it. For the price I paid for my HTC One V, I got a 500+ phone. Awesome!

Camera is excellent. very smooth features, and I like the organization. Screen is nice and clear, and it's not too big. Just right!

*** ORIGINALLY GAVE 2 STARS with title "Two Stars = 'I don't like it,' and that's true"; see UPDATE below ***I had the Optimus V for about a year, but had to buy a new phone because the pathetic internal memory caused the phone to reach a point of uselessness. I couldn't add any apps and reached a point where I couldn't even receive text messages.So I bought the HTC One V... (all comparisons below are to the Optimus)THE GOOD:-The internal storage is much better.  For a "power user", it might not be enough, though.  Don't be fooled by the "4gb ROM":  there are actually only 0.94GB of available space out the box.  Still, this is a major improvement over the Optimus. And of course, you can add up to 32GB of external storage.-Phone is thinner and sleeker looking, plus has a larger screen without being one of those huge tabletesque phones. Honestly, the Optimus just looks outdated next to this one-Improved camera with flash-Web browser with Flash and an option to force to desktop sites (as opposed to mobile version)-Web browser also has a "Read" option that makes articles much easier to read-Auto-brightness (which doesn't work that well, but is better than nothing)-Keyboard functionality (WHEN IT WORKS; see below)is greatly improved. I liked Swype in the Optimus, but more often than not it was just a pain in the ass. This phone does not have Swype; it has an advanced word recognition software that knows what you are trying to type.  So if you are a sloppy typer like me who usually has to hit backspace everyother character, those days are gone.  Just type away with your sloppy fingers and the phone will automatically insert the word that you meant to type, with amazing accuracy. Plus having a bigger screen and more widely spaced characters makes it easier to type accurately in the first place.-Phone automatically switches to speaker phone when you flip it overTHE BAD:-Now and then the phone will not rotate the screen when I rotate the phone.  Very annoying.  I will hold it there for a minute and eventually it will do it.  Doesn't happen all the time, but it shouldn't happen at all.-The status bar at the top of the screen is not always visible.  With the Optimus, it was always there.  With the HTC, when you are looking at web pages or using certain apps, they will take the whole screen and you will not see the status bar.  This might sound like a good thing, but trust me, it gets annoying.  What's the time?  If you want to know you have to go back to the home screen.  Want to check on that download? You gotta go back to the home screen.  You starting to get the picture???  (FIXED by downloading Dolphin web browser; SEE UPDATE BELOW)-Pandora has significant bugs with this phone. If you get a call, the music does not automatically resume after it (this is true with Amazon Cloud Player too). Also, if you go to a different app, you can't go back into it; it freezes then restarts when you try (doesn't  happen every time, but quite often).-If you want to have a screen lock (pattern, pin, or password), then you now have the extra step of swiping a ring then doing your security method.  Might not seem like a big deal, but having to do that extra step every time you enter your phone is enough to make you not even use a screen lock (I did on the Optimus; I am not with this phone because it is too much of a hassle)THE UNACCEPTABLE (both fixable; see UPDATE below):-There is a significant bug with the keyboard when using a web browser (I say "a", not "the" because I downloaded a new web browser, Dolphin, and had the same problem). The problem does not occur in apps or messaging, just web browsers. If you are writing something in the browser (I'm not talking about the URL bar) and you need to go back and delete a character, good luck! The cursor will show that it is on one letter, but it will begin erasing from a completely different spot.  For example, right now I am composing a message in Yahoo Mail.  I wrote "unaccceptable."  Oops!  I wrote an extra c!  I better go back and delete that.  So I put the cursor between the c and the e.  I hit delete... what happens??? It erases the last e!  I hit delete again and it erases the l!  Yet, the whole time the cursor is blinking where I placed it!  If you are typing and hit delete without ever moving the cursor, there is no problem. But if you are typing a long comment or email or whatever and you need to go back and change something, 9 times out of 10 you will be SOL and become so frustrated you will be ready to stomp on your phone.-You know how I mentioned in the GOOD section how the phone features an intelligent auto-complete when typing???  Well sometimes  when you are writing in landscape view (i.e. with the phone sideways) the auto-complete bar hovers on top of the keyboard.  So it's right in the f***ing way when you are trying to type.  You are tying to type a letter and you can't avoid but to click on one of the word suggestions.  If you rotate the phone to portrait view (phone upright), this corrects the problem, but then you have to work with a much smaller keyboard arrangement.-(there was a problem where the battery would not fully charge, but HTC released an update for that)To be clear, these are not problems that I just happened to have on the phone I got.  I originally bought this phone from Amazon, but I ended up returning it because I figured there was a problem with my specific phone.  I bought another one directly from Virgin Mobile and have the same problems.The phone has memory, so it works, unlike the Optimus it replaced.  But these problems are just unacceptable for a new phone.  I truly believe that Virgin Mobile gets the crappy phones that the manufacturers know have problems and want to get rid of.  One hour of quality control would have caught these problems, but obviously that was not a concern.*** UPDATE (11/22/2012) ***The two "Unacceptable" problems are solved by installing a new keyboard and web browser.  I chose SwiftKey and Dolphin, respectively, which are superior to the stock options.  I won't review those apps here, but suffice it to say that they rock.If you install those two apps, this becomes a four star phone.I decided to keep pushing it.  I rooted the phone and installed Tasker and ROM Toolbox.  Again, I won't review these apps, but they make the phone one amazing piece of machinery.If you root the phone and install those two apps as well, this becomes a five star phone.That said, my review is for the HTC One V.  It is NOT for the HTC One V with a bunch of changes made to it so that it isn't a piece of crap.  My initial review was two stars.  Because of the ABILITY to make it an awesome phone, I moved it up to three stars.  To put it differently, you can't say "Oh this car is perfect (five stars)... if you replace the engine and transmission."  You feel me?The phone is not as powerful as some other phones and is noticeably laggy.  But the price is right, and if you are willing to put in the time, it can be made into an amazing device.  After rooting the phone and installing a bunch of apps that make the phone function well, I am very happy with the product.***When signing up on Virgin Mobile, please use KickBack Code "uYv674L0" to get 60 free minutes bonus airtime!  Thanks

While the phone has a lot to recommend it, the alarms do not work!  It doesn't matter if you use the installed alarm app or download an external alarm clock.  You can google the issue and see all the complaints--it's the phone not me.  For me, this makes the phone nonsensical to buy--not being able to use the alarm clock feature takes away one of the major features of any smart phone.  And the issue has been around for quite some time with no fix from HTC.  I wish I had known from previous reviews, for I would never had bought a smart phone that doesn't include an alarm clock.

This phone is not exactly what I thought it would be, and I made sure to read a lot of product reviews before buying. Unfortunately no one ever said anything negative about it, so i am wondering about the validity of the reviews that I read....The phone does have nice graphics. It does have all the bells and whistles that a techno-geek would need. I would say that it has too many, and as such is bloated with too many apps. And it is relatively easy to use.My biggest gripes?1) Every once in a while when you have the phone inverted and are typing a message your keyboard disappears and you get a double text box, and no keyboard (unless you flip the phone back). The only way to get rid of that is to re-boot your phone.2) You can put an icon for your phone contacts, but they never appear when they call or they text you. You have to know their numbers, Doesn't even say that 'so and so is calling' like my old phones. It does show an icon when you text them, but when they reply it comes up as 'unknown'. After looking more into it my friend found blogs from people stating the same problems and long, convoluted possibilities on how to POSSIBLY fix the problem (getting a card to take some of the bloat off the phone).3)When you turn on the phone you have 5 screens to fill- #3 being the 'main screen'. I have found that in the past three months since I have had this the 'main screen' drifts and stays in the 'number c2' position. I then have to go into my settings app and re-do everything. A pain in the ass- let me tell you.4) camera ain't that good. Video quality is better, but not by much.I am getting frustrated with this phone to the point that I am looking to buy another. And after only a few months. My old phones I had for a couple of years each. This?Meh..... I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.

I bought this phone on a whim because I had been using a Virgin Mobile prepaid phone of a lesser quality and saw this one on Amazon's Gold Box Special page at a deep discount. With that fact in mind, I have to say that I LOVE this phone, but my 4-star rating takes into account the potential that it is currently selling for a much higher price (almost 3x) what I paid. While it is not as fast or reliable as most of the smart phones in the $300-400 range, it does the job fairly consistently. My only complaint would be that battery life really starts to wear out after about 6 months, but I've found that to be standard  across devices. Speaking only for the product and not Virgin Mobile service (which I have personally been quite pleased with), I think it is a good phone, fairly sturdy, sleek and light without feeling like it will break at the slightest drop (I have dropped it many times and have had no issues so far*); sound and connection is always clear, and with the Beats audio feature, the quality of sound whether through headphones or the built-in speakers is pretty high for a phone of this price range. I would definitely recommend it if you can find it for a reasonable price.

I got this phone for 49.99 on sale on December 23, and all I have to say is that this phone is amazing. The display is absolutely bright and amazing, the battery can last me TWO days on normal-modwrate usage, and I end up with about 35% left on heavy usage. It's incredibly fast, even while gaming, and the design is just so beautiful. I came from the HTC wildfire s to this phone, so it was a huge upgrade to see such a bright amazing vivid display, 4GB (0.94GB available for user) internal memory, and amazing battery life. its made of aluminum, has anti-scratch glass screen, and once again, its beautiful! One problem is, the screen shatters easily, so definately get a case for it. i havent cracked mine, but my sister has. The camera is also amazing and the keyboard is easy to type on. This phone may just replace my iPod touch! The only con is, it doesn't have a front camera. I'm satisfied and I will buy HTC phones from now on.Pros: Design, display, camera, battery life, 4GB internal memory, fast, build quality, anti scratch screen, Android 4.0, HTC sense 4, and.. everything.Cons: no front camera

When the phone arrived I was very pleased. I activated it easily with Virgin Mobile and it works soooo much better than my last phone. HTC makes amazing products.

I think this phone is a 5 star phone in a 1 star design. Don't get me wrong, the phone itself is beautiful... but the mechanical designers of the phone did not allow for changing the battery. A major problem in my book.  I took my 5 star ranking and 1 star design ranking and came up with a 3 star review.I purchased this phone on sale when my phone was losing its battery. The battery just won't keep a charge after about 15 months (my original phone, I meant). In my hurry, I didn't notice that the HTC One V doesn't have a battery door... it was designed to be pitched when the battery fails. Well, if that battery lasts for 15 months (like my current samsung phone did), then I made a bad buying decision. But, should this HTS last 2 or 3 years, it is more tolerable for the price paid.What I don't know is if this Phone's battery can be changed at the service center for HTC or Virgin Mobile??? That would make me up my review rating, if that is a possiblity. This is a great little (well, 3.7&#34;) phone.  One flaw: Can't replace the battery when you need to.I will update my review if I find a way to replace the battery.JJ

When first reviewing this phone I was looking in the wrong column and gave it a bad review.Thought I better explain this in case it showed up.I definitely recommend this phone I am very happy with it.It downloads fast,no dropped calls.Very easy to learn how to use.I've had no computer experience so its not always easy to learn how to use some of these phones.I was led to believe that if I ordered the phone by a certain time I would get it the next day,I ordered the phone on time but did not receive it the next day I contacted Amazon and all they said was sorry this happens sometimes.I can't say I was happy with that answer.  .

I originally purchased this phone for Beats audio and then once I started using it realized it was much more than an mp3 player.  I'm able to surf the web and don't even realize the 3.5&#34; screen.  The phone is thin and doesn't weight that much.  I love it!  Nowadays, bigger is better, but this phone can still pull a punch for it's size.  I also love the fast processor chip (ice cream 4.0) when you turn the phone on - takes 10 seconds from turning it on to start

I really like the phone, and the price is very good for what it has to offer. Great versatility, good battery life, no problems with it all.

Freezes cant do multi tasking and the sp is terrible will never use cm ever again.Go iphone.the rest is just copycats.

I bought this in December for about $90. A friend got it on an Amazon lightning sale for $70. Radio Shack has knocked it down to $50 at points. This is a very good choice if you want an entry-level smartphone with a decent set of features and mostly acceptable performance. If you have more money to spend, in the $100-200 range, you might check out the HTC Evo instead (right now Virgin has it for $150). Above that, try looking at the Samsung Galaxy SII (which I've seen for as little as $225 on Boost). These pricier phones will give you better performance and bigger screens with HD resolution.But if you're dipping your toe in the smartphone water, this is a fine choice. Some additional observations:1. This comes with Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich. The current version is 4.1/4.2 Jelly Bean, but HTC will probably not upgrade the OS on this phone due to RAM restrictions. And 5.0 Key Lime Pie will be out in the spring. These new systems are not absolute musts, but I do clearly prefer JB on my Nexus 7.2. This phone has a smaller 3.7-3.8 inch screen. I prefer that and have tablets if I really need a big screen experience. You might not like this, though.3. The phone does not support NFC, so you can't use your e-wallet. It's still a bit early to worry about this, but NFC will probably catch on by next summer. So you need to think through just how carefully you want to prepare now. CVS is already installing the equipment to accept e-wallet payments from phones with this capability. But don't worry. Debit cards won't be obsolete for a little while.4. The phone does not support mobile hotspot operation, which is nice if you are carrying tablets.5. The screen is OK for video although I really think you should consider a bigger phone or a tablet if this is a priority. Angry Birds looks fine on it, though. YouTube works pretty well off a wifi connection but stutters on a 3G link.6. Network performance for Virgin on this phone has been adequate for me but nothing special. I can make calls, read email, get CVS and UPS text alerts, and check the news and weather. That's been fine for now. But the 3G networking is clearly not up to zipping along. If you're in a locale with a lot of public wifi hotspots (e.g., Long Island), you might be able to hop from one to the other. In less metropolitan locales, keep your fingers crossed.7. If you get this phone, invest a little time and money and energy using Google Play to download widgets and active screensavers. Use these to customize your screens to suit yourself. Unlike iOS (which I also use), Android 4+ offers customization opportunities that Apple can't match. In skilled hands, this phone has the potential to make your iPhone friends envious. By the way, while there are ways to purchase through the Amazon Android store on this phone, I've found that it isn't worth the bother. I don't really save anything, and going through the Amazon market makes transferability between my Android devices more problematic.I intend to keep this phone for a year. When the fall 2013 sales heat up, I will replace it with something covering the deficits I mentioned above.PS: If you get this phone, you're also going to need a micro SDHC memory chip. I recommend at least 16 GB. 32 Gb is also OK, and you can always swap it to another phone later. Make sure you get a MICRO chip. Otherwise it won't fit. And get a Class 10 chip, not Class 4 or 6. The performance is better and the additional cost is mnimal.

I got myself this phone on sale on a Gold Box Special.  What a buy! It works great and the plans are reasonable.

Absolutley wonderful. this is the best phone i've ever had. it does have a small screen, but its bigger than what i used to have!

Pros:Smart phone$35 a monthcan download appsCons:Bad BatteryBad designCan't read text because it will exit on its ownBad reception in subway/train stationJust get the ONE X which I wish I would've done. Me and my cheap self ugh and the screen cracked after it's first major fall.

Bought this on xmas eve for $40 after $10 rebate at Radio Shack, had to go the store as they were out online.I haven't activated it, using for FB and Gmail, etc... while I stream movies and surf the web with my $100 Logitech Revue-powered (GoogleTV), big screen hdtv.I also use it as a YouTube and GoogleTV remote and to make and receive phone calls using the Talkatone app.It's very cool that one can buy a smartphone with no-contract, and buy it so cheap that it can be used like an Itouch.All together, with the 2 Kyocera Rises (also with android 4 and unactivated) at $30 each I bought on Black Friday at Target, I ended-up with 3 phones for myself, my wife and daughter, that even with sales tax, I paid only a total of $107.50.I'm also considering buying a FreedomPop package from amazon to power these all when away from a wireless connection.

I am one of the last non-smartphone users to cross over, recently I decided to go with an HTC One V, I am going to say that overall I love this phone, but with that being said I must tell of its flaws, the screen freezes sometime during games, texting has a mind of its own and the web experience is no where cracked up to be what they advertise. I am a simple call and text man so the basic functionality of this phone far exceeds my expectations.

My 9 year old was dying for a smart phone for Christmas but I was not yet ready to be locked into another 2 year contract on my AT&T account. This was easily the best choice I made this Christmas. The phone is light weight with a beautiful build and great display on the screen. Virgns 3G mobile speed is right on par with that of AT&T's in my area. Unlimited talk, text, & data for $35 a month is a steal! The internals of the device can handle 90% of games we have tried from the Google Play Store. Also, having full access to the Google Play Store on a device in this price range is a steal!

I've had this phone for months now and the bottom line is that I would never buy this phone again nor would I recommend it to anyone. If I was ever in an emergency, I would never be able to rely on this phone. Trying to load simple applications like my phonebook or text messages can sometimes take up to a full two minutes and that's only after the application crashes multiple times. If you need to quickly call someone (like an emergency number) this phone cannot handle it. Every application is slow to load and slow to respond and it will occasionally have keyboard issues, as well. The screen sometimes won't turn on or it will turn on and turn back off. Sometimes, in order to use the alarm, you will have to have the volume up on both ring and media or else the alarm won't work. It won't always give you notifications of calls, messages, etc. It regularly skips calls and I'll only know someone called when the screen lights up to tell me I have a new voicemail or missed call (this is with both volume on and off).

I watched several video reviews of many different Virgin Mobile phones in and out of my price range and this particular phone didn't get a lot of good reviews.  I think that whoever does those reviews are spoiled by higher end phones so they can't possibly give this phone a good review.  This is my first smart phone and I gotta say that I am very happy with it.  Maybe I don't know the difference because I haven't tried other Android phones, but it works great for me.I am mostly on my WiFi at home and it's very fast with Cable internet.  We went to the mall today and I checked in on Foursquare and GetGlue at the movies and the apps loaded just as fast on the 3G (Sprint network) as it does at home.  I've only made a few phone calls, but they were a ton better than my Net10 Samsung T401G (I called it my dumb phone) which was always disconnecting me.If this is your first Android or smart phone, it's worth it!

I bought and received this phone three days ago as an upgrade from an engineering version of the very first droid (running eclair) and I have to say I am very happy with my choice.POSITIVES:Ice Cream Sandwich is a great version of android, and it runs really nicely on this phone. There are literally no apps I've run into that I cant download, so that's a plus (coming from eclair especially!)The phone itself is a really great design - extremely slim with nothing sticking out except the chin piece, which is actually a great addition as it allows you to have a better grip on your phone. This phone is honestly as beautiful as the iphone (I absolutely love apple products, so that's saying a lot).The keyboard is FANTASTIC. I had such trouble with my old phone's keyboard - after 4 months of use I still was messing up letters. This one I got within the first five minutes of use!This phone also has five customizable home screens, which is honestly the perfect amount. With any more, I think I would be overwhelmed.I really enjoy that android has the option to put widgets on the homescreens, whereas apple does not have that feature on their iphone.As far as price goes, this was an incredibly great phone for the money.I'm extremely pleased!NEGATIVES:You can't get to the battery yourself, so that's kind of annoying. No replacing it yourself when the time comes.I wish there was a dedicated camera button on the side of the phone, but that's not a huge deal as the lack of it adds to the overall flow of the phone design.I also wish there was a front camera to skype with, but it's not a huge deal. If you really want that, you can pay $100 extra and get the Evo V. But the lack of that feature wasn't worth the strain on my wallet!The one thing that I have noticed is that the screen does lag when you're opening and navigating through apps, especially when you have lots open. But that's to be expected, as its processor and RAM aren't the best on the market. With that said, you just need a little patience and you'll be fine.CONCLUSION:I did a lot of research before I bought this phone, especially between this phone and the HTC Evo V. For $100 less, I got a phone that I'm extremely pleased with and will definitely be keeping around!While I would have bought the iPhone had it not been out of price range, I honestly am so pleased with this phone that even if I have the opportunity to purchase the iphone in the next couple years, I honestly don't know that i would because this phone is so great.

A truly amazing product! 3G connectivity works very well, and apps run very smoothly on this phone! Some games run a little slow though, so that's the only reason for the 4-stars. The camera is as good as everyone says, and can take up to 3 or 4 pictures per second! It does amazing in high light, while in low light the picture is a bit grainy-ish. The camera doesn't stick out, like some Samsung phones, rather it is more into the phone: if you drop it, there's no chance of the camera cracking! My mom has an S2, and hers is faster in general, S2 has dual core 1.2 GH, while One V has single core 1 GH, but the V's camera starts up over twice as fast as the S2! Beats audio really stands out, and everyone enjoys it! It's no powerhouse, but if you're a photographer, or a music lover, or this is your first smartphone, this phone is for you!

I had the Samsung Galaxy Victory from Virgin Mobile. I wanted to get something different because my biggest problem with the Galaxy Victory was that you cannot move apps to your SD card unless you root the phone. I'm utterly agitated that in order to use almost any phone efficiently, you have to root it and I DON'T want to root the phone.In comparison, I think I liked the Galaxy Victory better except for a few thing. On this particular phone, apps and the browser like to shut down randomly all the time. The phone tends to run very slowly as well. It does have its own task killer which is very efficient for getting the phone to run faster. You CAN move apps to the SD card, but the screen is smaller, and there is no front camera either. Plus, the rear camera is terrible in comparison. Battery life was about the same. If I'm constantly on it while off the charger, I can play games for about 2-3 hours but then it charges fairly quickly. Sometimes it doesn't alert me when the battery is low and will just shut off in the middle of something.I think for basic smartphone users, this is a fairly good phone to use, but don't be surprised if you experience some of these glitches (as it seems we tend to experience with every phone unless, OF COURSE, we root it).

Love the phone, I upgraded form Optimus V so it was a pretty big leap forward. The notification bar has been giving me issues, (I click and it doesn't do what it should) though this could be a third party app issue. Phone is fast, lean, and has much more space than my previous. It isn't the latest and greatest, but a great phone.

First I was told that I was in the coverge area,well thats a lie one bar if I'm lucky no batterie life to speak of and virgin moble will steal you blind,and when you call them they just keep repeating there self and the broken english they speak you know there reading everthing they tell you is on a card so stay away from this scam.

Great phone....has a lot of cool camera features similar to Instagram. Slim design, easy to use. Would definitely recommend this phone.

Amazing, fast working phone. It really fits all my needs. Perfect for anyone and easy to use! I love it.

And like all phones, after a while they freeze and stop working. It put up a good fight, but finally I became too impatient waiting for everything to load.

This phone is the best deal you're going to get with Virgin, at the actual Boost Mobile in my hometown store they have it for $200 which is sad considering the fact that the own Virgin mobile website sells this phone for $100. Money-grubbing leeches at Boost, lololololol. This phone has a great camera too, I originally wanted the Galaxy Rush but I'm glad I ended up getting this phone instead.

I've had this phone for 5 months and here are my pros & cons:Pro1. Great value. This is a frugal safe bet.2. Excellent build quality. The exterior is solid and expensive feeling.3. Screen beautiful. Color is great. Resolution is great. Smooth scratch resistant glass screen.4. Cases are cheap. Mine was $2.5. Snappy for the most part, except for the UI.6. Battery will last 2 days with light usage. USB power cords are cheap.Cons1. Graphics are underpowered.  The UI is sluggish and stutters when browsing on the web.2. I've noticed that the audio crackles when I run audio into my car speakers through the auxiliary line-in jack. The crackling sound only happens when I change MP3 tracks in the "Music" app. No crackling with earphones or with Songza(while plugged into the car speakers).3. A few minor software bugs: 1. Incorrect battery indicator(fixed with an software update). 2. The screen turns black when the power button is pushed rather than turning off(sleep mode). In darkness, the screen will glow. Doesn't happen often though. 3. The installed alarm clock app will work 80% of the time. I recommend downloading one of the many free apps.4. Most cases will cover the service light.

I would have to advise anyone considering an HTC phone to think twice. Horror stories abound of inferior products and dismal customer service. I didn't believe it but bought one again. Never again. Save your money, buy any other manufacturer's device.

So i did a lot of research and a year  ago this was the best phone they had for Virgin Mobile. It was fine and worked at a good pace for 6 months. Then slowly it started slowing down. I have tried it all. . .resetting. . .boosting. . .cleaning apps. . .nothing gets it to work at a normal human pace. . i mean come on, 4 seconds(sounds like not much but it is slow) for anything to be done. Opening the messenger is 5 seconds of me staring at a blank screen every time. When I text it the words don't show up until 3 seconds later and notifications show up for messages i already checked.Was exited to have a smart phone but the paltry 500megs of ram on this otherwise nicely built phone was a dumb move by HTC. I called them also to explain and they were like &#34;Well, Sorry.&#34; Dicks!DO NOT BUY THIS piece of crap!! It also randomly leaves what ever I am doing and goes to the home screen. . . Never again will I buy HTC and save up like 50 more bucks and just buy an IPhone 4 off ebay for virgin mobile. . .way better deign. .I really hope somebody from HTC reads this. . but then again they don't give a rats ass cause they are promoting the next new phone of there and care not for this slow waste of money.

For the price is a great phone do not expect to get a top phone. Does what's suppose to do and more. highly recommended.

Average size and fits well in the hand. Well I guess you can say that about a few other things too.Beats audio, regardless of what people say, does make a difference and makes this phone different than many others. Calls are clear if you have a good VM signal (their problem not HTC), and runs apps a good clip. Certainly not top of the line but a perfect phone for someone wanting a decent phone with good performance.

My wife and I first had the LG Optimus V on Virgin Mobile.  They were definitely getting long in the tooth and needed to be replaced.The HTC One V seemed like a good fit with Android 4.0 and a faster processor.  As with any budget phone there is a small amount of lag, but it is not excessive.Both of our phones have performed very well and I would recommend this for other Virgin Mobile customers that have older Android phones.

Great phone!Recommend it to everyone. Nice size. I used it everyday for 8 months nd still worked like the first day I got it. I just upgraded to an iPhone but I still have the HTC in my drawer. I give it 5 stars.

My daughter was complaining about her LG Optimus V (Virgin Mobile) freezing up.  So we decided to upgrade to the HTC One V.  No freeze ups in the first week of use and no complaints about speed.

the android OS is great. super fast, and the battery in this thing is a TANK. compared to every other virgin mobile phone ive owned in the past this is the best one EVER. and thats coming from someone that changes phones like he changes underwear. BUY THIS PHONE

This was bought for a  gift and this was well beyond my expectations. Would recommend this phone to anyone. Great features without the expensive price or contract.

i like this phone. Its thin but solid design didn't make me feel like i needed a case for it. The screen is bright and vivid. I never noticed any type of lag with this phone from being on facebook,playing temple run or being on the internet.I didn't really notice a difference when playing music with or without beats audio. The battery is good.

This phone is great for the price and extremely well made, but man does Virgin Mobile suck. I had to switch carriers so of course I had to sell this phone. My new phone is great and runs Jelly Bean, but I very much like the build of the HTC One V and its size.If you must be on Virgin Mobile and don't want the Galaxy or iPhone, I think this is your best bet.

I like the phone in many ways... the screen is crisp and responsive, the colors look good, but it lacks some power... get even a couple apps running and it starts to lag out and have freezes... and I use google voice, and it struggles enough that people cannot hear me because the processor is dropping bits out of my input trying to keep up... if this had a bit more processor and double the RAM I'd give it five stars... it's got Beats audio, TouchSense, and a good number of ROMS for it if you want to upgrade to Jelly Bean... Just don't push it too hard or you will have crashes. As far as design, it feels comfortable in my hands, though with my large-scale meathooks the screen's a bit small for texting... I probably need a tablet. lol

the product was delivered on time and was brand new. however, with no fault of the seller i was looking for an unlock phone because i am located in the Caribbean and this phone can not be use here. so i actually purchased a camera and mp3 player lol. the camera is great, the video is off the charts and the audio is excellent. so if you are interesting in purchasing you cant go wrong.. ohh make sure you like in the US or like me you will end up with a great camera that plays music. lol.

I've had this phone for about a year now and as others have said the problem with the phone is it's slow.  The phone is ok but do not expect it to be as fast as more expensive phones with a better processor. It does not have a dual core processor even, only a single.  Most budget smartphone manufacturers now try and hide that in their phone specs or they try to not list it at all so you have to dig to get the info sometimes. It takes ok pics and video but again nothing groundbreaking.  Some apps run horrible on it but a lot of the main ones like Google maps, Spotify, Facebook, and Yelp will work ok for the most part.  Which is the reason I think it deserves at least 3 stars I suppose.  Also another con is the Sprint network that it uses.  They just haven't been able to expand their network enough.  Don't expect to do a lot of video streaming or gaming on it trust me.

I buy it for my son and the device is working fine without any problem, and price is cheaper (49), I love it..

We have two of these now, and enjoy paying $35 and $45 a month for the data/voice plans. With the price we pay, we feel free to investigate other phone plans without worrying about a contract we have to pay back.I like the smaller size of this phone, about the same size as an iPhone, as I wear mine on my belt. I like the HTC Sense UI, and can quickly find anything I need. The phone's &#34;smart&#34; features with the Android OS are responsive, and quick. While I was concerned about the non-replaceable battery, we have found that the phone does well on all but the most demanding days. The Android OS seems to &#34;learn&#34; our habits and manages battery life fairly well. It is a rare occasion that we need to recharge in the middle of the day.We find the phone reception, provided by the Sprint network, fine for our needs where we live. While the Virgin Mobile plans we have feature unlimited data, data transfer does slow down after 2GB. And it can be agonizingly slow in areas with poor cell reception. The phone can utilize WiFi networks, of course, and that works better for any large downloads.

I like it. good improvement from the rumor touch. there are a lot of nice apps. try one for yourself.

my wife loves it.  it has android 4.0, and was only $80, can not beat that.  voice text email all work great, no problems at all.

I got this phone a few months ago and I had no problems with it. It's been great and I love all the features. I'm not one of those people that need the latest in technology so it makes little sense for me to purchase a $600 iphone. Maybe one day I will but right now I'm content with the HTC One. It does everything I need and looks nice too!

struggled like mad with another virgin mobile phonemade by another manufacturer. that's not beenthe case with this phone. i've had a little bitof software weirdness, but not enough toget all fussy about. it's a very solidphone, without question. &.........for the price, i doubt it can be beat.

For the money good phone, biggest draw back battery can't be removed and needs to be sent back for service if the battery needs to be replaced, for this wouldn't recommend phone, unless you don't mind spending on repairs? Have had no issues to date with this phone, good screen quality. Not the best Android out there but decent one. When receiving incoming text volume could be louder.

First, I am upgrading from the LG Optimus V which runs Android 2.2. I had the phone for 2 years, and I only switched because it stopped reading the SD card. In comparison, HTC One runs soo smooth. Everything responds faster and Android 4.0 is just much better overall. This phone does come loaded with a bunch of useless app clutter that you can't remove but the base memory still has PLENTY of room before adding an SD card.I use this phone primarily to text, make a call once in a while, and browse the internet (+ email/facebook). The phone works great for all these functions. A few of my apps don't seem to work as well on this system, however, but it's nothing that really hampers my daily usage. The battery life is great. I charge it every other day unless I've been using my phone heavily (lots of internet/apps). Camera is decent. All in all, a great phone for the price.

I purchased two of these phones. One for myself and one for my better half. They are very nice entry level smart phones. They have all the bells and whistles that I think I will need. I wish it were a little faster but considering the price I have no complaints. The phone is light, attractive and just the right size. Would buy one again.

Have been using this phone for a few weeks now and am enjoying it. It's missing a couple of minor features that would seem to be standard. The over the air Radio feature is gone with this model. I actually checked to see if it was supposed to have a radio before I ordered it, and it said it did... but it doesn't. Also you don't have a compass (magnet sensor) and a couple other minor sensors. Otherwise it's very sturdy, works better than expected.

I purchased this phone as a christmas present for my 13 years old daughter she absolutely loves it the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I'm a little perturbed by the sudden price drop I payed $149.99 for it and a few days later amazon droped the price to $99 that was truly irritating when I saw that

I must say i love your product deeply, but i have to apologize that the (HTC One V) is not working on our network. Phones in our area are required to be unlocked and carries a (SIM CARD).Therefore can u assist me in providing information on what steps i can take, to get a htc one v that can work on our network that is required in the above column.Once again i apologize deeply and i am looking forward to here from your company, thank you.

i bought this phone after hearing several good reviews on the internet i am pretty satisfied with the purchase it is the first smart phone i have owned and it does everything i need to and more.

I purchased this item December of last year, and for the first six months it was wonderful. After that HTC sent out a software update which my phone automatically installed. With this update I can't move most of my apps to my 32 gig micro SD card, so my phone's internal storage is full all of the time. The keyboard will show up, but won't let me input text about 3/4 of the time. Calls won't go through for about a minute after I dial them, call quality has dropped significantly (especially with Verizon phones it seems).Bottom line - If you get this phone, make absolutely sure it doesn't download the software update. Otherwise it's a decent budget android phone.

Great gift for christmas for my mom she loved and still uses the phone six months later and she loves all the features

February 2013:I have had this phone for over 6 months now.  It cost twice as much as the present price, back then!  It has not locked up or froze a single time during use.  The battery lasts all day, the services work great.  The sound is great and signal strength is adequate.  It is slim and fits easily in my pocket.  The camera works well, but of course you cannot turn off the shutter sound.  I am pleased with this phone.UPDATE January 2014: This phone, ended up only lasting 16 months before it started behaving erratically and needed to be replaced.  Mainly, the phone would open apps on its own, and the keyboard would type on its own, interfering with being able to use the phone effectively.  Definitely not worth the cost for such a short life span.

I originally was looking for the EVO V but everyone was out due to a promo. I like the HTC One V though. Not a large size phone like the one's so popular today but just fine for me. I expanded the memory with a microSD card so most of my apps are stored there. I use the Square credit/debit card reader and it works fine. I do wish they had provided access to a battery for the phone but I knew that going into it so that is not a problem. Not a top of the line smartphone but I can access wifi, watch You Tube, do my banking, text, etc with no hiccups so far....

I bought this phone for my 12yo son and he loves it. The music is so clear its amazing. I haven't had any complaints about the phone so I am satisfied with my purchase.

I got this for my daughter for Christmas with virgin mobile's $35 unlimited txting plan.  She LOVES it.  I received it super quick so there were no worries that it wouldn't be here for Christmas.  Great Buy!!

This is a great phone,great price.  i highly recomend a silicone/hard shell case.  I would recomend it to a friend

Bought this for my husband as a Christmas gift, and he can't put it down. He says it's the best phone he's ever had. I'm just happy to be able to call/text him and get a response. Also it helps to be prepaid and not be tied down to a contract. He has downloaded a lot of games, which keeps him occupied at my doctor visits.

I loved the phone, I rooted it, installed custom ROM, overclocked it and changed it to another service provider and it works great!!! Great deal!!!

This is my first dive into the world of smartphones.  When stacking the price of this unit up against others it was obvious that it would come up short when stacked against an iPhone or Samsung Galaxy.  But this phone didn't even reach my pedestrian expectations.This phone is virtually worthless when driving.  The voice recognition software on board is a joke. It has yet to make the proper call.The keyboard is, at best, difficult to operate in either portrait or landscape mode.  I'm used to being able to crank out the written word at a high rate and this keyboard isn't close to keeping up.Battery life is only OK.The Samsung that Virgin sells that is a price point above this phone is the better option.

I just love my new phone sleek like I like of the sound is great  overall I'm glad I bought the phone

Overall I have been impressed with this phone. Prepaid phone offerings have often been the red-headed step children which the manufacturer could never find a market for, but the landscape has improved and this phone is evidence of that. It runs Ice Cream Sandwich, has plenty of processing power, and has exhibited almost no flaws in operation. The only consistent glitch has been with the &#34;Sense&#34; input; this being when you utilize the phone sideways to get the larger keypad. Every now and then I will encounter a display error as the auto-correct bar will disappear in this mode and the phone will want to close out the &#34;Sense&#34; feature and send an error report. Everything else has run as smoothly as I could ask though, so it's tough for me to mark it down due to one issue.One last thing. I didn't think I would use the Beats Audio feature much, but I have been streaming my Amazon cloud music occasionally and I have to say that the sound quality is remarkable. In fact, it's better than an iPod 4 and my Samsung Galaxy player. Very good volume and clarity of sound.

I really enjoy the HTC One V. I have not had any problems as of yet, and everything works fine.

The phone is small and sturdy and has a great screen, but the downfall is the phone is SLOW. It takes forever to load and it does not always respond to touching. It would be a great phone if it wasn't so slow.

The phone worked great... until the bottom cover fell off...Who designs a phone like this???? The phone can't get a signal without the cover... How stupid is that???And they wanna charge $19.99 for the replacement cover[...]

This was 49.99 at radio quack. Great deal. Especially considering it seems to range from 100-200 online.Phone can lag at times, but overall good enough. Camera takes great pictures. But....The camera shutter sound can not be silenced without rooting the phone and altering the shutter sound files, voiding the warranty and risking ruining the phone. It is pretty loud, even when the volume on the phone is silenced. This is the big negative for me. I like being able to snap pictures in public without making noise. Not for pervy reasons, just so that I don't draw attention to myself.Virgin Mobile's service seems good enough for the price. $45/month for 1200 minutes and unlimited messages is perfect for me, more than enough minutes. The 3G, however, ranges from slow to useless depending on my location. Most of the time, it does what it needs to. Good enough for my purposes and for the price; no worse than it was on a previous iphone 3gs on ATT for 75+/month, really. I'd recommend this phone, if you could ever find it on sale for 50 bucks like I did. I think 100 would be fair but I wouldn't spend more than that on it, I don't think. It has its quirks. But compared to everything else in the price range, I think this is one of the best options. Wow!

The form is good and camera decent. But, the function was lacking in using the applications. It is also a little slow on reboots.

But the phone is subpar.  It is not durable (it shattered after one drop), the dre beats didn't really matter unless you were using high quality headphones, and less than three months in, it completely quit working.Virgin Mobile service is horrible to say in the least.  Luckily, I lived in a small city... so while I was in my hometown, good signal wasn't a major issue.  If I was in a basement or bathroom or any other room without windows, I'd have to relocate just to send a text.  However, if you travel through/live in rural areas, it's a nightmare.  I worked in a factory in a rural area, and I couldn't do ANYTHING on my phone (inside or out).I really liked the OS.  This phone was easy to use, but the service issues and the durability make this phone a scrap.  This was virgin mobile's last shot with me.  I'm going to go with straight talk.

I wanted to upgrade my LG chocolate to a smartphone, and had thought I would get an IPHONE. My son, a mechanical engineer, had decided to get this phone rather than upgrade his Iphone to the latest Iphone. He recommended it as well as Virgin Mobile service. He was happy with both.I am so glad I took his advice. This phone does everything I could possible want- many apps are available. After a month of use, I haven't found any drawbacks. I am also saving a lot of money with the switch to Virgin. My bill is almost half what is was with Verizon AND I now have unlimited data and texting included which I did not before.I highly recommend it!

I had this phone only 2 weeks and I was tapping on the screen and it cracked!! I called HTC about warranty and they said I would have to pay $150.00 for repair! What a piece of crap! I'll never buy another HTC product ever again.

The batteries die on this phone every 4-5 months and HTC won't stand behind the phone Past 15 months.  Stay away from this phone if you want reliability!

I bought this phone in Jan 2013.... and it is November 2013... And the screen is now shattered. I dropped it off my desk. I had the OtterBox 77-20218 on it. And that helped with the normal wear and tear a bit.The phone worked awesome for a bit but as the months wore on it became finicky. It would ring and when I tried to answer it would freeze and continue to ring. One time I waited to see how long it would ring before I did the manual reset and it was just over 10 minutes.Battery life is decent. I was able to stream Netflix and youtube pretty well.The GPS works well. I've only ever had a few instances when it was ineffective but that was when the last update for their Maps when through. It took some time for it to do anything!Over all, its a decent enough phone. It did the job for 11 months. I would recommend it to those who are gentle with their electronics.Things to know about Virgin (I've been with this company off and on since 2006)-- Sometimes TXT messages do get delayed. Happens to me regularly. Sometimes by a few minutes, sometimes by a few hours.-- Their coverage is pretty good. I've used the phones in CA, GA, and every state on the East Coast and its has been a rare occurrence that I don't have a signal.

battery life is too short for me, also dropped it once and the screen looks like a web, but it is my fault.

The price point is perfect. It may not be the fastest or better looking, but it gets the job done and does not break the bank. Slim and light phone.

Better than my iphone!  Got it at a steal with the daily deal.  Now the only problem is my family all want to trade thier phones in now for an HTC One!

I had an old phone for calls and texting and decided I wanted to upgrade to something more current.  I did not want to pay the price of the latest gadget out there so I did a lot of research and this phone is great.  Voice recoginition, dialing and google with a variety of apps that I am still learning about.  I purchased one for me and one for my husband and we really love them.

Hey, this is my first smart phone. I thought why have a smart phone for every day use. Do you really need one? No, you don't. But when you get one it turns out to be the greatest thing you'll ever buy. It's like having your computer with you and you don't have to look for wifi to use it. The 3G works great and I haven't had any problems. When you get yours, you'll see for yourself.

I got this phone around Christmas 2012 and it worked really well for about six months. Now it constantly freezes up, my alarms don't go off, it doesn't ring when I get a call (I just get a 'missed call' notification and a voicemail) and trying to get to my text messages to read them is a nightmare.This is a terrible phone.Unless you can afford to buy a new one every six months, don't get it.It's awful.

I ordered this for my husband as an upgrade from his flip phone, he loves it (he's had a smart phone before, don't ask...). I ordered from Amazon &#34;used,&#34; listed as &#34;good&#34; for $80.00, thinking at the worst we could return it if it wasn't in very good shape (I really hate purchasing new phones as almost every one eventually gets lost, damaged, or replaced within a year or 2). Amazon could've fooled me, the phone arrived in the packaging looking completely brand new. At the most it maybe had been opened and returned. Can't beat the price of $80 considering they are listed for over $200 new. I've checked, they offer others listed in the same condition for a similar price. Definitely worth the try from Amazon as it can always be returned (versus a 3rd party dealer that may have more stipulations).

I do not regret having purchased this phone. It is very easy to use, specially with the user interface. I never leave home without it. Great value at a great price!

Hello, EveryoneI'm a type of guy who reads almost every single review negative and positive and come up with a conclusion for myself. I also very heavily rely on the star rating. Anything 3 stars and below I'm very careful to order; anything 4/5 stars I still do my work but rely more on peoples reviews.Delivery: QuicklyCondition: PerfectProduct itself: The cell phone is beautiful and works amazing. Its only MAJOR and ANNOYING flaw is the battery. I ignored reviews about the battery being an issue and WHAM issue it was. I almost returned/replaced my phone. The battery is internal so can't be removed by you only by a cell phone store.Recommend it: For the price yes I would, be prepared to call customer service.  98 % of the time all users who buy this phone will have battery issues.Any questions feel free to ask.

Before this phone I had an Optimus V which is two or three generations behind this phone. This phone is leaps and bounds faster than my previous phone. Of all the phones Virgin Mobile offers, I feel like this phone is the best in terms of price and quality.The one issue I had when I first received my phone is it wouldn't fully charge. I solved this issue by merely doing a hard shutdown.

The post said nothing about cracks. When the phone arrived the screen is beyond cracked and it didnt even work.

This phone works like a charm for the first 2 months, then after that, it's a lag-fest. RAM is so low, it just laggs. I've had it for about 6 months and i literally takes me 5 minutes to send a text because after I open the message app, it crashes repeatedly. This phone will turn itself off and on whenever it feels like it. Another terrible thing is that you'll send someone a text (whenever you get the app to open), and they won't recieve the text, the a couple days later when you decide to restart the phone for whatever reason, it'll send the text then, seeming completely random to the person. Then you have to explain to your friend that your phone sucks. oh, also, snapchat video, and instagram video allways messes up, so if you want to use that, don't get this phone. It'll send black video to your friends.

Bucking the trend of placing high performance components in cheap looking, cheaper feeling cases, HTC has produced an inexpensive, entry level, Android powered Smartphone that looks and feels anything but cheap.If you are reading this review, odds are you are not in the market for an IPhone 5 or Samsung Galaxy 3.  If you are, you are looking at the wrong phone.However, if you are looking for a great looking, well built, entry level Android Smart Phone, you have come to the right place.I am not going to review the Virgin Mobile service because all Virgin Mobile phones have the same strengths (inexpensive no contract service plans) and weaknesses (Slow 3G data rates, spotty coverage, No 4G LTE).The phone runs on the Sprint Network, so you should check out your Sprint Coverage before hooking up to Virgin Mobile.It should be noted, that this phone does not have a SIM card, so this phone can not be transferred to any other service.  You're stuck with VM.Now on to the phone.The phone is well built with it's aluminum unibody and Gorilla Glass screen and fits well in your hand.  The 3.7 inch display, while not Super AMOLED is still very sharp, has adequate brightness and a very wide viewing angle.The phone is powered by a 1Ghz Single Core Snapdragon processor with 512MB RAM and 4GB internal storage (1GB available for apps) and supports adding up to 32GB of storage via it's built in Micro SD slot.  It is currently running Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich with HTC's "Sense 4.0" UI enhancement suite (more on that later....).The built in 5MP camera has all the bells and whistles of more expensive smart phones, including HDR processing, Panoramic View, Burst Mode, and the ability to take stills while recording from Video.  In fact, the camera is one of the strongest features of this phone, and I am constantly amazed at the quality of the shots I get from this little powerhouse.  Missing in action is a front facing camera so no Video Chat or Face Unlock features on other handsets running ICS.The phone also features "Beats Audio" on board which helps make music sound richer when listening on headphones.  Beats Audio is a bit of a gimmick, and in my opinion isn't anything but a pre-amp with added Bass, but it does improve the sound quality while on vs while off.Call quality is fine and I have never had issues with any dropped calls in my service area.The battery life is good compared to similar Android Smartphones, but it's lack of a user replaceable battery will encourage you to buy a car charger or be close to an available USB port if you will be away from AC power for more than a day at a time.  Apps like Juice Defender Plus or Ultimate available on Google Play can help extend your battery life significantly.The snapdragon processor is adequate for ensuring a mostly smooth UI motion and the ability to run almost any app available on Google Play.  Angry Birds, Cut the Rope, Words with Friends....All run with no issue.  Some intensive apps like Temple Run will cause the phone to hiccup, so this phone by no means is a "gamer".A lot of people have complained that this phone is rather "slow".  And I too, have noticed slowdowns on this handset, mainly when loading webpages.  Upon further investigation, I believe this has more to do with it's limited RAM more than it's processor.HTC loads it's "Sense" suite of UI enhancements, and does improve a bit on the stock ICS experience, however it comes at a cost.  Sense takes easily 30 to 50 MB of available memory and there is no way to turn it off.  Add this to the overhead in running ICS, and your phone is easily down to less than 100MB of RAM available to run apps.  As a result, you can get to low memory conditions rather quickly.The only way around this is to Root the phone and load one of the many custom ICS ROM's available which do not include HTC sense.  The downside to this, however, is Rooting the phone will void it's warranty (you have to unlock the phone from HTCDev website, so you can't root it without HTC knowing about it).  And since Sense UI also controls the Camera App, you are likely to eliminate a lot of the cool features of the camera as well.For a majority of us non power users, Rooting the phone, trying to flash custom ROMS is not a viable option.  A much better alternative for me, is an application called Auto Memory Manager available from Google Play.  It has two built in settings which unlike other "task killers" allows you to set memory thresholds after which Android will start killing certain classes of services.  These settings are fully user configurable so you can experiment to see which values work best for you.  This has really helped eliminate most of the annoying lag I have experienced thus far.  And if I am careful not to go to overly complex websites via the browser, I can eliminate the lag almost completelyIt is important, however, to keep in mind, this is an entry level phone and it will never approach the performance of a phone 4 to 5 times it's cost.  It is a very nice Entry Level Android Smart phone, and as long as you keep in mind it's limitations, you will be able to do almost everything your friends with their much more expensive handsets can do with their phones, just not quite as fast.However, with plans starting at $35/dollars a month for 300 anytime minutes and unlimited text and web, you won't be paying nearly as much as they did either.

The HTC One V. This Phone has a manufacture defect in it.  Mine started 2 weeks after purchase.  Basically it randomly reboots. It has a few hardware problems, one is the WiFi module, and the other is the ROM image.  The phone totally overheats, reboots randomly.  I lost everything on it. They will send you a new one within 30 days of purchase but it will happen all over again.  mine is officially dead after 6 weeks and I did not get a penny back from my $170 purchase, insurance or not, it doesn't matter!  Virgin mobile says no refund after 30 days.  This phone will start randomly rebooting at 2 weeks (for me) and progressively get worse.  Just type on Google ( htc one v random reboot / shuts off  ) and read about the hundreds of people angry that their HTC phone died.  Factory resetting does not fix it. It is not a virus or software problem.  Htc has not responded back to people with the fix because there is none right now, the defects are inside the phone. It should be pulled from all retailers until HTC fixes the hardware inside the phone then re-release the phone with a new name so people like me don't lose their money 6 weeks after purchase.  Hopefully Amazon will stop selling this phone to all of those who are about to buy it, just do the research and you will see it.

Good deal since it's a no-contract phone thru Virgin Mobile for only $35 per month.  Battery charging problems as noted by many others, fixed with re-boots.  Far too much preloaded junk.  Scrolling on web pages is irratating as the task bar pops up and obscures a lot of the screen.  I really do like the Tune-In radio feature however and the battery life is good vs. other phones I've had.  It's a good interim phone for now.

I owned this for 6 months and couldn't take the lag of trying to open apps and browse on the web. Pages load slow and very laggy scrolling. Whenever I used my phone I needed it to act immediately, but technology is the one thing I do not have patience for- it's either fast or I won't use it. However, if you only need a phone for calls and texts with the rare web browser or GPS this is for you. I shelled out $337 for an 8 GB nexus 4, went t mobile prepaid, and couldn't be happier for the money. There are better options out there.

This is a great phone for the price.  The only thing I didn't like was I thought it was a little bigger.

The HTC One V is a sleek and slim Android phone.  I feel bad having to put a screen protector and case on the phone, it looks industrial design great on it's own.  Virgin Mobile's service is good not great, don't expect LTE speeds.  The battery life is good, better than the other Virgin Mobile phone I've had -- the LG Optimus Elite.  The best thing about the phone is the $35 I pay a month.

The phone worked fine for a few months, i was very impressed with it for a while untill it started screwing up, it pops up the voice dialer when i put headphones in, it shuts off randomly it plays music randomly it turns on when i have it off n starts playing music.  im looking at new virgin mobile phones any suggestions let me know.

Bought phone for another person. Easy to use. Unlimited text and data so you can't go wrong with this phone on Virgin Mobile.

I've fallen in love with this phone after a couple of hours of setting it up and playing with it. I bought it for my father who is ready to get rid of his old basic flip phone. I'm very familiar with Android since I've had a Samsung Epic 4G on Sprint for 2 years, yet I can't help but like the HTC Sense interface as well as the Android 4.0 operating system, known as Ice Cream Sandwich, which is intuitive and easy to use. It's also very quick and snappy with the 1 GHz CPU. As for the physical quality, I love the aluminum unibody design. It feels sturdy and high quality. The texture isn't too slippery and I'll be trying out a couple of cases to see how they feel. The screen is nice and bright and looks very crisp.The main gripe I have with the phone is that it was designed with a sealed battery, meaning it's not meant to be user replaceable. It is possible to replace it with a little bit of work, but if I wasn't familiar with opening electronics and soldering I'd be out of luck. It's easy enough to remove the bottom cover to access the microSD port and the speaker, though. Another gripe I have, which I know can be fixed with some hacking (rooting, custom ROM, etc) is that the battery icon does not show numbers for the percentage of battery life remaining, it only shows the battery icon "draining" as the battery life decreases.Overall I'm very happy with the phone and I'm sure once my father adjusts to Android he will be happy with it too.

Love this phone! I was torn between this phone and the HTC EVO V, but in the end I decided on this phon and I'm glad I did.Battery life is pretty average for an Android, about 6 hours on a single charge with average use. The screen is amazing, colors show up  really nice. The camera is pretty good. The keyboard is great, and super easy to use. And its quite a lot faster that the HTC Wildfire I had before (which sucked)So all around its a really good phone. The only problem I've encountered is the signal. It's jumps from 5 bars, to 1 bar, to 3 bars and then back to 5 bars in just a matter of seconds. It does this almost constantly but it doesn't seem to have any effect on the actual signal strength so I'm assuming it some sort of glitch. But as I said it doesn't have an effect on the use of the phone.I would definantly reccomend this phone!

This phone is great! I upgraded from the LG Optimus which in my opinion was a slow pos! I have had this for a couple of months and cannot say anything bad about it. Virgin Mobile is a mid-range decent service. Very affordable, I have the 35$ mth plan.

Bought this to test Android apps at work.  A great way to save some money without a contract.  The phone itself is not that great, but it is good for our purposes.

For $35 a month, this is a great plan for the HTC One with Virgin, it works fine with good battery life, Sheri just loves this new phone, we left Verizon after 15 years of overpaying every month with the charges and taxes, and if she need more service it is only $10 more a Month, A Great Phone at the Best Price

I ordered this phone for my daughter for Christmas. I checked out all the options & got this phone because of the good reviews. This phone is worse than the old phone she has now which is an LG Optimus. The colors that show up on the screen are all messed up. They're dull looking & faded. Navy blue is navy blue. Not pale blue like it shows on this phone when she's on a siteshe normally goes on. Downloading this phone takes forever whereas her old LG phone is a little more quicker. She's used this phone for several days now & it's still the same. No change. The only good thing I can say about it is the size is fine for her small hands. Other than that it's not worth the money. I'm glad I'm able to return this for a full refund.I wouldn't recommend this to anyone let alone a friend of mine.

I just upgraded to this phone from an LG Optimus V. The Optimus was great for two years but with its limited storage for apps it was time to move on. I am not a power-user by any means. I don't play games or watch movies with my phone. I've only had the phone for a week but can't find a single thing to complain about. The display is beautiful, the camera is a HUGE improvement over the Optimus, the operating system is great. I didn't listen to music on the Optimus but I will DEFINITELY be listening with the HTC One. The Beats Audio sounds fantastic through the headphones. I hated to give up my $25/month plan but with this phone, it's worth it. If you're an average smartphone user, this phone can't be beat for the price.

I really like my new phone on this higher android level, lots of cool features & a lot of storage. I recommend purchasing a screen protector & phone case with it! Headset doesn't come with it & battery is not removable. Great purchase!

I've been on ATT with an Iphone 3G and then Iphone 4 since 2007. I truthfully never used enough data or minutes to justify paying what I was through ATT. So now that there are a couple pay as you go or pre-paid options, I thought I would try to save a ton of money and give Android a go. I did originally order the iphone 4S through Virgin,  but I returned it and decided to holdout until the iphone 5 is available, which I'm sure will happen in the future. Until then I though I would tryout android and decided to go cheap but also found the HTC EVO ONE V to have great reviews.The HTC EVO ONE is a good android phone for the price and has many options of many higher priced smartphones. Coming from the IOS to Android they are many things I had to adjust to. Although, it hasn't taken me much time to figure out the ins and outs of android. There are some things that I'm still learning and perfecting as I go. This phone will need a MicroSD card if you plan on using any kind of storage. It only comes with .94gb of on board storage which is enough for a decent amount of apps but not for music, pictures, etc. I would recommend investing in a 32gb sdcard which you can find online for around $20. After its formatted it leaves with right around 30gbs of external storage.The integration of Google is a plus with this phone. I feel so updated with everything google, twitter, instagram that I almost never feel the need to get on my computer to check these things. I dont have facebook so I have no way of knowing how it plays with the HTC? The screen is close to if not the same size as the iphones, but it doesn't seem to be as responsive as the Iphones. I also had to locate a different keyboard through the play store. The one that comes with the HTC is almost maddening at times,.Especially if you have fat thumbs like myself.  The HTC feels good in the hand and since its such a cheap phone (price wise) I don't feel like I have to worry so much about if I drop it or break it. Since i could easily buy 4-7 of these before I would come up to the price of a Iphone 4S or 5. I have yet to put music on the phone because my library is currently on itunes and is huge. I have read there are many options such as the isyncr app, but I have yet to venture there.  Overall this is a great phone to try out android a go. It has many features of the big guys but it does lack some features some might find they can't live without. All and all you can save a lot of money with this phone in the long run and could easily use that saved money to buy a better phone in the future. I think this phone is smart but not brilliant. It gives you the freedom of Android and if you're a Apple fan who may be bored with IOS or just want to try something different this is a nice gateway. I also think many phone companies will start to offer unsubsidized phones in the future which may come with a cheaper plan, but that's yet to be seen. Not being stuck in a two year contract and being able to save a lot of money in the long run seem like a no brainer to me. Especially when you can do this on the same networks as T-Mobile with Virgin Mobile and Sprint with Cricket. Verizon and ATT may have the best network coverage all around but if you don't travel a lot many times the little guys will suffice in your area. All it takes is a little research to find out ?

This is by far the worst phone I had ever had. No matter who you buy it off of they will make you pay a processing fee if you return it. This phone is so slow shuts off and wont even let you use it. This phone sucks all it is, is a plastic with glass over it and beats audio. The phone is so bad they just slapped beats on there to make people interested. DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID DO NOT BUY THIS

I've purchased 2 HTC One V because I love it so much!So cheap!Perfect form factor; personally I find the trend of 4&#34;+ phones to be too big; can't use the phone easily with just one hand, but here you can! And even if the processor is supposed to be slower in the HTC One V, it's still plenty fast, & can read videos without a hiccup.The screen is of a lower resolution, but still gorgeous!And smaller screen + lower resolution + slower processor = amazing battery life!I used to have a Galaxy Nexus before, and the battery of the HTC One V is amazing in comparison; it's a smart phone that I'm not afraid to use for fear of having it die when I need it!Would very strongly recommend; Great quality too! And I bought mines around 100$, a crazy price for such an amazing piece of technology!

The phone arrived Friday afternoon.  After a little hand-holding by them it was active after 25 minutes on the phone.  The help was reasonable.The 3D camera feature was a cute toy.  You can take and view 3D photos --  without special glasses.It was interesting to see how everything was organized on an Android phone.  Definitely not as refined as the iPhone.  I never got as far as transferring contacts, or bookmarks, or music.  I did download Audible.com AP and downloaded one on my books and listened in the car.  All that went fine.The problem was the type font size and color in various essential apps, like the calendar, and NO way to customize them.  I called customer service and they confirmed the problem.  And this is on the top of the line HTC EVO phone.  Even the manual was printed in a barely readable light gray small font.  And the manual was missing a lot of info, like, for example, how large a flash card you could install.  Its a "poker tell" when things like this are missing, a bad omen.I am also fairly certain that the poor roaming coverage of Virgin Mobile and the slowness of the data downloads was going to get irritating, but I could have lived with that, for the money saved of $800 over two years was substantial.I will return the phone for a full credit Monday morning.

Built like, feels like, and sleeker, but not nearly as fast as an iPhone.  I used this phone for over a year, and it works great.  HTC One problem though.  It bogs down when you need it.  If it had some more memory it might be the perfect phone for Virgin.  I ended up getting the more bulky clumsy plasticy Samsung, which is much faster, but not nearly as sleek.  I haven't sold the HTC yet, because i still use it sometimes as a second wifi device.

just had to get use to it and what it can do and how to set it up. that's what you have kids for

Great phone, but too little storage, makes having games difficult. Option for SD card, but it is complicated to transfer apps to the SD card.

Very happy with phone, especially compared to the Samsung Galaxy that I had before.Easy conversion from old provider to Virgin Mobile

This is a great phone it has a very crisp image and the camera is pretty good. The only thing that I don't like about it is that I cannot charge it while it is turned off because it will just turn it back on.  Other than that its perfect

I bave had this phone for about six months now. it was a really good phone. it wasnt great for gaming but the calling was amazing. it was very clear. when i listen to music the beats audio really clears the sound up a lot. but now my phone wont charge or turn on even though it has full battery. i now dislike this phone.

I purchased this phone on sale for 50 dollars and when it came i was blown away. Its interface is smooth as butter and 3g is blazing fast where i live. The phone looks great, weighs less then the iphone 4 and has a slightly larger display with great quality. Dont hesitate, buy this phone now! this was my first phone with virgin and I give the phone and virgin mobile itself a 10/10.

For the price, this phone is quite nice. My son is very satisfied with the quality and features of this phone.

it ok and for the price I cant complain but I don't like that it doesn't have a Bluetooth earpeace on virgin mobile website battery get ate up to fast I myself like Samsung producs I wont be buying anotha one

I knew I wanted to get away from the Verizon contract world, and since my son has had good luck with Virgin Mobile, the only question I had to answer was, which phone?  This phone had some of the best ratings, and so far, I can't quibble with what other buyers have said.  I've only been with VM for a week now, but it's been a pretty good week.  (As an aside, Verizon apparently mixed up my wife's phone number with my phone number during the porting process, but a young woman in VM's customer service group figured it out pretty quickly and straightened it out in a short amount of time -- definitely a good resolution to what could have been a really unpleasant experience.) As I said in my review title, I'm a newbie to the smartphone world, and, if possible, my wife is even less experienced. But in spite of those limitations, we're both getting around our phones, finding out how to do the things we want to do, getting them personalized, etc. Voice, text, calendar, alarms, email, phone book ports from our Verizon flip phones (via our gmail accounts), WiFi -- I know we've only scratched the surface so far, but we've been able to figure out everything we've wanted to do.  And there's a whole lot more functionality on this phone. I'll provide an update in a month or two when I've figured out more features and how to access them.

I can't put into words how much I like this phone!  I bought three of them from Radio Shack when they had then on sale for $49.99.  The idea was if I lost it or if something went seriously wrong with the first phone I'd just replace it with a new one.  Well it's over 8 months later, and I'm still on the first one.  Enough said!I'm very happy with the battery life of this phone!  I usually don't need to charge it for seven days, unless I've been surfing the web a lot or make a lot of phone calls.  I usually have the phone off when I'm not using it.  IE, I don't leave the phone on 24/7.  I've only encountered a few quirks using the phone, but nothing that would make me reconsider my purchase.The phone is more than loud enough for my purposes.  Phone calls are crisp and clear.  When there has been a problem it's been with the network, NOT the phone itself.  I listen to a lot of music using the phone.  The Bluetooth connects me to my soundmatters foxL v2 portable speakers flawlessly.  I HIGHLY recommend the foxL v2Bluetooth speakers!  The WI-FI works great as well.  This phone has so many features, I could go on and an ...  The screen uses most of the batteries power.  Dim it somewhat for extended battery use.  I don't know about paying over $150.00 for the phone?  It's certainly worth double of what I paid for it. DO NOT hesitate to buy it if you find it a reasonable price!As for a case for the phone, the INCIPIO NGP case is the best choice!  DO NOT buy the OtterBox case for this phone.  It doesn't fit properly!  I've tried them all, the INCIPIO case is the way to go.

it is a pretty good it is something that i needed and well help me with whatever i need it for.

First about the phone. It's nice and thin and light and sideways the keypad keys are big enough so you don't make many mistakes. It's a little confusing because there is no homepage menu button. You have to drag down the top of the screen to see a softkey menu button. The screen seems to be always going to sleep even though I've set it for 2 minutes and I have to light it up again by pressing the power switch and dragging the picure of a ring upward. The phone only comes in black. I would like some color choices.Now about Virgin's pathetic attempt at customer service. When I called to transfer my number from T-Mobile I had to wait for one customer help in India to pass me on to another and finally ended up listening to Taylor Swift singing Back To December a hundred times. Then the guy had me type some numbers into the phone and then said the change would take effect within 24 hours. Now 30 hours later I'm listening to Taylor Swift singing Back To December for the 200th time and hoping somebody will come on before it's quitting time. My T-Mobile phone still works with the old number and my Virgin phone won't ring with  any number. So just to warn you guys. I've spent another 45 minutes today so far listening to Back To December and then every minute a quick talking ad for Virgin Phone then back to Taylor Swift and pretty soon I'll have to hang up because I have to go home. Finally I got a guy who said he figured out how to make it work. But it didn't. Now it's three days later and neither Tmobile or the Virgin phone will work. When I called today they've changed the music so I listened to that repeat for half an hour and got a guy in the Phillipines who did something and the Virgin phone came to life. So it took three full days and a total of about three hours on hold to port over my Tmobile phone number. Then I found out that the $10 payment I made three days ago hasn't been credited to my minutes although the transaction shows up on their computer. But the guy in the Phillipines can't figure out why. So he make me pay more money so the phone would accept calls. He finally gave up trying to solve the ten dollar problem and said to call back in four hours.  He knew I would get somebody else then. So is it worth sitting on hold for another 45 minutes to see if somebody else can find the ten dollars. Maybe not. The phone is working now. Time to move on.

I've had this for about 6 months and it still works well and arrived in a timely manner. My only complaint is that sometimes it takes a long time to send a text message or download a picture message which is really annoying. I don't know whether the phone or the service is to blame for that, but it's something to keep in mind if you plan to use this device long term

I am going on my second year with this phone and it's still going! I accidentally dropped it in water one month into owning it... I thought it was a goner for sure. I read an article about placing it in a bag of rice for a few days and tried it. Well, it actually took 3 weeks, I am too broke to buy another phone. After the third week, it turned on like it never happened.

Cheap phone but great! Its android so it does everything a smartphone does touchscreen and has Google Play Store. Best of all it has BEATS AUDIO! Even the iphone doesn't have that and Beats headphones cost around $300! The only bad things are No Front camera (WTH REALLY ?I wish I knew that before I brought it.), and it has an ugly arch at the bottom of the phone, why ?Maybe to make calls sound better when you talk.(People say the arch looks like a skateboard, and it took me a while for m to adjust to it.)My suggestion..buy a case, it will help make it less noticeable! Oh wait, Good luck finding a case in a store...even stores that sell the phone don't carry cases for this...therefore just settle for whatever case you can find on amazon or online...hope your not picky....BUT all in all...GREAT PHONE!

Virgin Mobile phone was a gift to me from my grandson (grown up)  but I can not use it because of problems with my eyes and also because it will not function inside the building in which I live.  So I decided to cancel it.Then I discovered that I can NOT cancel because I cannot remember having any kind of password.  I am expected to keep paying monthly to Virgin Mobile whether I can use it or not.  Very poor customer service.Avoid Virgin Mobile.

I have always used cheap prepaid phones.  This one is better than the others I've used, but  certainly wouldn't be acceptable to experienced cell users

It is a great smart phone for a great price but it was smaller than I expected it to be.

I was worried when I saw all the reviews about the battery and how it wouldn't fully charge. When I got it, the first day I allowed it to charge over night and I was bummed to find out that the battery didnt fully charge. But luckily just two days after recieving the phone I got an update notification that HTC had a software update so that the battery would fully charge. The next day it was 100%. As far as battery life, I think its very good. On my optimus v I would use up the battery before the end of the day but with the htc one v, I am able to get about 1.5 days out of the battery. And I am not one to use my phone lightly, I usually am texting, on apps, or on the phone. It has never frozen on me and it has never turned off suddenly. The camera is pretty amazing compared to many other prepaid phones' cameras. I'm not planning on going into detail, I just wanted to clear up about the battery problem and that the phone overall is very good. Probably one of my favorite prepaid phones.

I bought this a Christmas present for my Daughter. This is a very good product. If you are worried about damage to this product it has an insurance available on it.

I've had this thing for nearly a year & have yet to tell anyone &#34;I hate my phone.&#34; It's a ideal size & feels good in my hand thanks to the Fosmon TPU Case I bought with it. I get excellent coverage in my area & have yet to drop any calls. The only negative thing I have to say about it regards the battery life. It HAS to be charged every day, even with Wifi & GPS turned off when not in use.

I love my phone!  It looks great, is very responsive and the screen is super sharp, like my retina ipod.  My wife got an LG Optimus V and wishes she had waited for this one.  I'm sure glad I did!

Going with a prepaid wireless carrier often means having to settle for an aging handset running outdated software. Pouring more salt in the wound, is the steep unsubsidized price you'll likely pay, often hundreds of dollars more than phones sold by major post-paid providers. The HTC One V on Virgin Mobile bucks the curve. Not only does this device offer the modern Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich OS, it's compact, sports a premium design plus an attractive display. Frankly it's currently the best buy on Virgin Mobile. Sure it's not a quad-core or even dual-core superphone or have 4G data access, but for a no-contract handset it's a serious deal. I certainly feel it's a better bargain than the $299.99 HTC Evo V which has marginally better specs or the $649.99 16GB iPhone 4S that's outrageously expensive.

Basic phone. NO compass! Think carefully whether this is important to you. It means you can't use Google Sky, for one. Goes to sleep at night and alarm applications fail to activate. I look at the phone and see the time is 3 hours slow. Don't know what causes this, I leave it plugged in at night so the battery doesn't run down.I like the form factor but the phone doesn't live up to the cost. It's ok if you get it cheap - maybe $30. Looking for a replacement but don't know which will be an improvement.

This phone is great when you're low on cash and just need somrthing fir a few months or if you have teenagers that are clumsy and/or have short tempers. I do not recommend for buyers that want a good quality and long lasting phone. I dont understand why it's curved at the bottom, this makes no sense. I do like how reasonable thr price is. You get what you paid for for about the first five or six months. Thats when the phone slows down and starts requiring a restart every two hours. Withthis phone, to save contacts, pictures, or download applications your HTC One V will need a sd card which doesnt come with so you will have to purchase seperately. Plus the pictures all come out orangish pinkish tinted, nit natural looking. If youre looking for a good phone I don't reccomend this phone, you will most likely be happier with spending some extra money. I hope this review will help!

It was just as advertised and I am 100% satisfied. Definitley would recommend to others, and will be buying more from the company.

Nice rugged phone. i'v have been using it very rough, playing games for hours, downloading apps and removing them on and off, taking pictures and videos regularly, the kids have been playing it like a toy, overall I can say it has gone through a rough test will complete satisfaction.

This is an awesome phone. Granted, it's no Galaxy S3, but it is a very good mid range phone. The screen is very clear, it is very thin which is nice. There is also an otterbox available for it, which is great if you have a tendency to be rough with your phone like I do. The speed is not bad, and it doesn't have a lot of lag.The best part is ice cream sandwich. This version of android is very well made and is much better than gingerbread or froyo. There is even supposed to be a jellybean update soon if I am not mistaken. Also beats audio built in is awesome, it really makes your music sound better, believe it or not.Overall it's just a good all around phone. It's a great smartphone to have on virgin mobile, since the price per month is amazing. Personally I think this is the best smartphone offered by virgin mobile, that is, if you don't want to pay 600 dollars for an iPhone.

I was a hold-out for cell phones, in general. And my last phone was a joke. That's when I upgraded to an iPhone 3Gs. Within months, I was done with apple, for good. Android is MUCH better for those who don't need to be hand-held through new tech.I got this for 70 bucks on the Amazon Deal of the Day. Had I waited an hour, I would have gotten it for 20 bucks cheaper, oh well. Still worth every penny. Texting is finally intuitive! CTA Bus tracking, a must in Chicago, works like a charm (either the text OR the graphic site). I haven't used many apps yet, but the ones I used haven't made the battery heat up yet. Processor is at least as fast as an iPhone 3. Overall, a great bargain.

This phone is incredible!  I purchased it when it was on a good sale, but even if it had not been on sale it would have been worth the price.  This replaces a prepaid AT&T; LG smart phone that  was adequate,  but oh-so-slow.  The coverage for Virgin Mobile is just the same as it was for AT&T;, and this phone is screaming fast.  Email, Facebook, web searches are so much faster.  Porting my old cell phone number took many steps - started online to activate the phone, then had to call AT&T; to get my account number (this number is known only to them - it's not anywhere on the Paygonline information), then phone Virgin Mobile to get the number ported over.The battery does get used up more quickly, but charging daily is really no biggie for speeds like this phone has.  Of course it will drain the battery more quickly!  The screen is very responsive, it comes preloaded with most of the apps I use and has many, many features.  The camera is outstanding, with built in flash and many effects.  It takes good photos and videos.  Getting the complete manual downloaded is a must, otherwise you will miss out on the many features and short-cuts the phone has.The phone is comparable to an iPhone in that it is truly a little computer that allows you to make phone calls.  The calls are clear and crisp, too!  Virgin Mobile's prepaid offerings are really competitive with other prepaid plans, but it is the phone that makes their service rock!

Bought this phone from RS for 100 dollars for use on Virgin network. Overall the phone was about what I expected in this price range as far as processor performance and overall performance. Wifi worked quite well.Battery life seemed to be pretty good.I live in South Jersey area so signal strength varied on Virgin's network,sometimes real strong with 3G and other times no bars showing at all,but I could still make a call even with no bars.One problem that I ran into was the keyboard was just a tad too small,would hit the wrong letter a lot. The other problem was voice clarity. A couple times had to ask people to repeat what they just said,because I couldn't make it out. Voice clarity is actually better on the 2 twenty dollar Tracfones I have,and one of them is a 10 year old Nokia candybar type. Even tried a few calls on speakerphone and they still sounded a little muffled. I don't know if the problem is with the phone itself or Virgin's network.I could have lived with the keyboard problem but I ended up returning the phone due to the voice clarity issue. This is the first time I tried a smartphone so I guess I'll just stick with the Tracfone for now. I definetly want to get a no contract smartphone eventually. I'm thinking maybe I'll get 4s Iphone in 6 months or so from Virgin if the price drops a little by then. The RS salesman said that Virgin was having some issues with I phones right now,maybe they'll have it figured out by then. I would prefer a phone with a smaller size screen like the One v or iphone.Would have rated this phone 4 stars if not for the voice issue.

Phone works great and the price was amazing I wouldn't hesitate to buy again the phone meets all my expectations and more

The HTC One V is a really nice smart phone. The programs run well and the phone itself is pretty sturdy. I've dropped it a couple times already and there isn't even a scratch on it. The Beats Audio is also super nice for listening to music.

Very fast and does everything I need. The camera is great and the speakers make music sound awesome. My husband is jealous and wants one for himself!

Perfect size for my hands and the screen is big enough to watch movies.  Much faster than my last phone and it runs flash and has plenty of memory.  Great screen resolution and battery is very good. Runs for 2 days on a charge.  I have been using for 3 months and its the best phone I've owned so far.

I bought this phone in December 2012.  If I had written a review at that time I would've given it 5 stars.  It worked great for about the first 3 months.  Then the alarm stopped working periodically.  I did some research and found it this is a common issue with this phone and even downloading other alarm apps won't fix the problem.  The phone seems to be getting slower everyday.  I knew this wasn't the fastest phone but I only use it for texting, occasional calls, and periodic web browsing and even texting alone can slow the phone down.  Turning on the GPS and 3G at the same time is the worst.  The only Pro about this is the battery life.  It averages about 2-3 days per charge (again, mainly used for texting) and the most I've gotten is about 4 1/2 days which is pretty good but it's still a slow phone.  Would not recommend purchasing if wanting to use for more than a few months.

Works decent but even though it is on the Sprint network, don't plan on upgrading to a Sprint contract service with this phone, the software on it is incompatible with actually running on their network.

i bought this phone for my wife in she loves it. it take a very ood pic in works real fast got me thinkin on getting me one

This is not the first smart phone I've owned, but it is one of the smarter choices I've made.  I use the lowest voice plan available since I don't really need it for that aspect, and have yet to be dissatisfied with the data part.  Speeds are nice even now towards the end of the 30 day when I know for a fact that I've gone over my 2.5 Gb at 3G.  And just to test it I downloaded a 1.5 Gb movie to watch.The screen is beautiful, movies and music videos are crisp and clear.  The sound is great for such a small device. I hope to get some bluetooth headphones soon.  This phone is not babied, it lives in my pocket with my keys and although the back of it ( aluminum ) shows the wear, the screen has no scratches on it.the only part of the whole device that I was really not happy with was the camera.  I don't know if it's just mine but all of the pictures I take have a yellow tint.  I changed settings and gotten it a little better but still not a good lens camera.  the camera software however is pretty good, you can tap on a section of the field and the camera will ignore closer items and focus on that, making for some really creative people pictures.  Since I would never use a phone to take serious photos, i did not see a reason to drop it a full star, but would have dropped a half star.

I had great expectations for the phone and carrier but they did not port my phone over correctly and after five calls and several weeks don't know if I will ever have a data plan so I have bought a $93 phone for nothing if Virgin cannot straighten up their act.  I use a phone and data minimally but still wanted data and now I just have a cell phone only..  I will not use or recommend someone to use Virgin in the future.  They have only script readers and you cannot get in touch with anyone to hook up the data.  I am sorry I ever left Verizon.

I would have given 5 stars, but I don't like when my keyboard disappears when I'm trying to text with my phone sideways and I have to go into my settings/apps/all/htc sense input and clear data.

i love this phone everything just works incredible and so easy to use for such a cheap price it is great

Great phone but comes with &#34;Strings attached&#34;.  If you are trying to upgrade your phone, you will have to lose any minutes left in that month as well as switch to a NEW talk plan.  You cannot simply activate and use this phone.From VM FAQs: &#34;Starting May 27, 2012, if you are using the $25, $40, or $60 Beyond Talk plan and you upgrade to a Beyond Talk Smartphone launched after May 1, 2012*, you will need to switch to the $35, $45, or $55 Beyond Talk plan. When you switch plans, you will need to pay for your new plan and you will lose any minutes, messages, and money in your balance. This will also change your monthly payment date. So if you are considering upgrading to a new smartphone, we recommend that you wait until right before your next monthly payment date to activate.*The following smartphones launched before May 1, 2012 and are therefore not subject to the new device upgrade rules at this time: VentureTM, LG  OptimusTM Slider, HTC  Wildfire STM, Motorola TriumphTM, LG  Optimus VTM, Blackberry  CurveTM 8530.&#34;

This phone is slick and sick!!!! A lot of my friends have i-phones and complain about hang ups, call quality, and battery life. No problems with the One V. Even though its &#34;old&#34; it still performs better than any smart phone (all Androids) I have ever had....excellent product!

helluva good phone for the price. touch screen is very responsive, and accurate. Beats sound audio works really well, and makes a bigger difference in the sound than i had expected. Hell, I'm even happy with the battery life. It runs the ICS so apps aren't a problem either like they were with my previous phone that had the 2.3. The processor is pretty quick, (not as fast as the evo v 4g) but pretty quick nonetheless. No freeze-ups (as of yet) and all runs quite smooth, overall. Camera works well, but has no front facing camera for skype, but it's not really an issue (for me at least). Overall, i'd give it 4.1 stars

This is a great mid-tier phone. The screen is excellent. Touch is very responsive and accurate. Switches between 3g and Wifi seamlessly.It is mid-tier so don't expect Galaxy type performance.The only thing is every couple of days, it needs to be rebooted or texts don't come thru. Not sure if that's the phone or network.(Virgin Mobile).

I wound up returning this phone. It's touch screen was very inaccurate and the phone was so slow, that I spent the majority of my time wanting to throw it up in the air and clobber it with a baseball bat. Spend a bit more money and go with a higher quality phone, if you can.
