
Exact same as one you purchase at Verizon store or in any other store and cheaper.  You can call Verizon Customer Service to set up they are great.  Verizon store wanted almost $200 for same phone & set up and same number.

Unfortunately Verizon demands this model for their prepaid service.  Phone is OK but limited when attempting to text.  Using the numerical keyboard is awkward.  I had to give up my phone with a keyboard to get a prepaid service.  Phone is fine.

we bought it because in the reviews it said that it could also be used as a contract phone.When we went to verizon with this in mind they said yes but it has to be used prepaid for at least 6 months first.Not what we wanted to hear. In order to return the $35.00 phone we'd have to accept a $1.50 gift card fromamazon

I bought this pay-as-you-go phone directly from Verizon.  Read the description of how you are charged for your minutes; very misleading.  You'll see what I mean if you then go and read the FAQs.After getting the phone and opening the package, the true details of the fees comes to light.  You have to buy minutes for the phone before you use it, which is not a problem.  But, you have to buy a minimum of $15 worth of minutes when you buy them AND the minutes expire every 30 days.  That's not pay as you go!!!  I bought this phone to use for emergencies at home, replacing my land line which was never used.  AND, if you don't renew you minutes timely, you pay a penalty.  WTH?  That's "pay-as-you-go"?

This phone has fallen out of teeny tiny hand purse repeatedly! from a bike! onto a street! It keeps functioning! It does seem to be made of some "cheap" budget feel plastic, but, whatever works, right? what do you expect? you get what you pay for. The display screen seems much more large than my old phone. (this may be important to you, if you like internet). I do not have a lot of experience with the internet, but it was not slow! The texting of photos was so incredibly slow, it was just archaic! It seemed to take one or two minutes to text pics?! I live in the city, so, I dont' understand this issue. The SAR rating is very very low 0.29 compared to Apple and other popular phones at 1.2. Perhaps, this affects the speed? I don't really know,but I am curious! One complaint, is when I want to check the time, I either must flip open the phone, or push and HOLD the outer buttons for one to two seconds. Personally, I find that somewhat annoying. The most annoying feature is the fact that my very old ancient Verizon phone (from Verizon website) would hold over 500 photos in the memory! My Samsung Gusto does not have much memory at all. It only seems to hold about 70 photos? I called Verizon about this issue. I said "is my phone defective? it only holds 70 photos? why is that?" the only answer they seemed to come up with is that you can take your phone to any big box store and print photos? Verizon is grandfathering out the old Pix place website where you could DL to your computer. (It would cost .25 per upload. I miss this feature. but I don't think anyone else was even aware of this..... or $1 per day to upload photos directly to web). Oh. And you can DL apps and stuff (of course!). it even comes with a creepy FREE APP of daily celebrity news???! (Verizon did help  me to delete this, but it puts an error message on my phone when I open it once per day. how odd.)  I find the FREE APP to be very creepy. Verizon wants to know what I am interested in reading News? or it wants to entice me to click to learn more and use internet time and $ perhaps? OH! And I've only used this phone about once to talk. I did not experience any issues with clarity. It seemed plenty loud enough. I don't hear it much on vibrate, but I assume that's my fault. I have never really recieved any calls with the ringer on, so I don't know how loud it is. I live in the city. Sometimes, I walk to University on busy streets.I should test this feature for you. but the phone is only for emergencies. to call AAA or My dad for repairing a flat tire (instead of 911). OK. Thank you for your time. I hope this review helps! OH! and I keep trying to touch the screen when the internet is on, to click to the next link. That's Hilarous! This is not a touch screen! ha ha!PS. My phone initial activation from Verizon for 2 months for the price of one!!!! Plus, the first activation minutes were actually INCLUDED in the purchase price of the phone!!!! Wow! Can you believe this?! I don't know if that deal is advertised for this particular internet offer. it may be outdated!

I'm dissatisfied in purchasing this item. This was a replacement and Verizon would not accept this phone since it was not activated for 6 months. The reviews on this phone indicated that you could use it as a replacement phone. Sending back and not buying another phone from Amazon unless they indicate that the phone can be used as a replacement.

It takes me a little time to learn how to use all the system.  I think it will be good though.

This was a purchase to replace a phone that was damaged by my dog. It was received quickly, priced reasonably and works well.

Just what I needed for use with my prepaid plan. The battery lasts a long time, sound is fine, I don't need a lot of bells and whistles, just a dependable basic phone, and this fits the bill.

Perfect cell phone for someone who rarely uses one but still needs one for emergencies.  Easy to use and low cost.

I bought this product which was ok, but at the time I wanted to returned it (new) the seller said this item was not able to be returned. I was kinda upset about that, it is new and why cant I returned this item?

i have it hooked up to the 50 dollar unlimited plan costs 45 dollars if you prepay with credit card i have 5 phones smart phones and flip and by far this is my best phone

It has a very clear sound, a good manual (online, pdf file), allows call and message blocking, good display, it just works.

I have tried a lot of Verizon phones over the past few months and the call quality of the smart phones was so disappointing that I refused to purchase one. I bought the Gusto 2 in desperation based on one positive CNET review. Call quality when listening at low to medium volume levels is good.  At higher volume levels callers become harder to understand.  Spoken sound quality is very good. When my wife calls our land line with the Gusto 2, I cannot tell that she is on a cell phone. I also love the talking caller ID and talking text message feature. The phone will read the entire text message to me, (great when driving).  As far as reception goes, my house is in a fringe area and Verizon service has always been spotty for me.  This phone seems to have pretty good RF sensitivity and I have not had any dropped calls in our home. Compared to other phones I have owned it is better than average with handling weak signals.Build quality of the phone is a mixed bag of good and bad features. Parts of it are flimsy and feel toy like and other parts of it are quite strong. The battery cover is very thin and the slightest drop will knock it loose and send the battery flying. I don't expect the cover to take too many drops.  The hinge and frame of the phone is strong and rigid.  The keyboard has a budget feel to it but works  well.  Some type of thin rubber like material has been applied to the front and back of the phone so that it is easier to grip.  It feels good in the hand and stops the phone from sliding around on slippery surfaces.Screen resolution is the worst I have ever seen. It is so grainy that it makes the unlimited mobile web browsing feature of the $50.00 prepaid plan very frustrating to use at times.  Poor camera. Menu screens are not intuitive and finding things is a chore. Ringer volume is not as loud to me as the last version of this phone.  It is typical of it's class but I can't hear it ring in my factory. (At work I could hear the ringer on other phones I have owned). I would pay more for an improved version of this phone.The struggle to hear and be heard in a cell to cell voice conversation is  tiring.  It's also very distracting and makes driving and talking even more dangerous than it already is.  The Gusto 2 has great call quality. With this phone I can relax and enjoy the conversation.  In spite of it's problems I am pleased overall and would buy it again.  Hopefully the voice technology that Samsung used in this phone will trickle up to the smart phones.My comments about voice quality referred to how well this phone sounded on both sides of a conversation with one of the parties being on a quality land line or cell to cell within the Verizon network. When I call people on other networks sound quality drops off a bit.March 9th 2014 update.  I finally broke it, (my mistake).  Went and got another one.  They still have great voice quality!  The call quality is actually a good bit better than my Moto G.On a side note....sometimes my wife has issues with the Gusto.  If she holds it just right the skin covering her outer ear will block the earpiece and the sound drops out.  She thinks she has dropped the call or the phone has messed up but all it requires is a slight re-positioning of her hand.Still recommended.

Does what I need. I just wish I didn't have to downgrade to this. Phone works perfectly though and is very tough. Bettery lasts me about 4 days to a full week depending how often I use it.

I ordered this Verizon disposable phone from amazon to use when I went on my study abroad trip to the Netherlands. I e-mailed amazon customer service asking them to make sure this phone would work over there because that is the sole reason why I'm buying it. They e-mailed me back within 24hrs saying yes it does and sorry about the incomplete information on the phone's webpage. So then I called Verizon to double check. They also said yes it will work in the Netherlands. I get the phone and what should have been an easy activation (only 5 steps long) turned out taking 2 hours and 5 different Verizon wireless people transferring me back and forth to just turn on and activate the phone. I did try it here in the States,and it did work here. So I get all the way over to the Netherlands and tried to use it and of course it didn't work! There wasn't even a signal or searching for signal sign; it would turn on and that's it. It didn't even display the clock anymore and I couldn't even use it for an alarm clock. Completely worthless, and I spent $45.00 on it ($30 for buying it plus tax and shipping, $15 to load it with more minutes). I was so disappointed.

I had the Samsung Gusto... the First one, and it is about to bite the dust. I've talked on it for OVER 215 Hours on the life timer... In about a year. And I have dropped it (Can't count that high) Hope this one is as tough as the first one.So I upgraded to the Gusto 2. It has way better call Quality, sound, etc...Surprisingly it uses the exact same battery as the Original Gusto. so I don't have to buy another spare battery for it...Wish it had more internal memory or a Micro SD card slot... for storing ringtones and photos.BUT overall it is way better than the First Gusto.

Want a feature phone that works anywhere Verizon has coverage and lets you tether over 1xRTT for free? This is your phone.I picked this up because T-Mobile doesn't work out in the middle of nowhere, but sometimes I might need service while traveling. Verizon has some fairly inexpensive plans that work great for use a weekend or so out of the month, and this thing can easily stay up for a few days without charging.

This phone has been reliable for many months for meThe only thing I don't like is the fact that it is so smallI suggest that if you like simple phones, you should consider getting this phone

I drop this phone about 10 times a day and ive had it for a year. its a beast. works great.

Great feel, great reception.  I only care about texting and calling, that's it and it fits the bill.  It also has internet capabilities which I don't use.  My old Motorola Straight Talk phone died and the only thing I miss about that phone was the $30 1000 minute 1000 text plan.  This one charges $50 a month unlimited everything.  I rarely go over 600 minutes a month so I'm paying more.  The Samsung Verizon pre paid phone is just a better phone than the Motorola Straight Talk phone.  So in the long run I guess I'm better off.  Never have to even think about using up my minutes!

I was disappointed that this phone did not connect to On-Star and that I have to wait 3 months to connect it with prepaid minutes

So I have this phone. I've had this phone for months with no problems. But I feel I should write a review to warn people. I saw they were selling a new one for 40 dollars. That's insane! I bought mine at walmart for 15. And then I later found out best buy sells them for 10. Don't buy this off this site, you'll get ripped off

It didn't last. The thing won't charge now and is useless. I tried replacing the charger. It's the phone. If you're not wanting to spend much and just want something reliable in case of an emergency, I ended up getting a used LG Extravert (Verizon prepaid) that seems to be holding up fine and has a larger screen area and a little qwerty type slide out keyboard.

This phone is supposed to have a balance display on the home screen, like Tracfones, where it shows the balance and service days remaining, but it's missing.  I used the predecessor, the original Gusto, and that had the display.  Also there's an odd thing when it displays text messages, some lines have a space at the left edge instead of starting flush.  Whoever designed this was in a hurry or wasn't thinking clearly.

Sometimes I think the cellular providers really have it in for those of us who don't want smartphones with all their bells and whistles, and are unleashing products like the Gusto 2 upon us in an attempt to irritate us into upgrading.I'm a longtime Verizon customer, happy with the coverage (I live in the sticks), and I have been using their LG flip phones for years with no problems. Recently the keypad on my LG Accolade started giving me trouble, and it was time for a new phone anyway, so off I went to the Verizon store. The sales rep took a look at my usage history, saw that I hardly used any minutes, and recommended switching to a prepaid plan to save money. Sounded fine to me. The current LG flip model, the Revere 2, was substantially more expensive than the Gusto 2, so I went with the latter. More fool me.The Gusto 2 is like your white-trash cousin: kinda big, kinda coarse, low-rent sense of aesthetics, and you kinda hope it's not around when your friends come to visit. It has a cheap, flimsy feel to it. It does not seem to close securely. The ringtones seem designed to be especially lame, and the low-res screen makes every text message look like something out of an old Mario Bros. game. Thanks to the protruding buttons on the side of the phone, I'm always accidentally turning on the camera or the speakerphone whenever I pick the phone up. Really, is there ANY excuse for this sort of shoddy design nowadays? No. There isn't.The one good thing about the Gusto 2 is the call quality: I've had no problems with that. And...that's it. I'll have that much good to say about this phone when I return it to the Verizon store.This phone feels like an afterthought on Samsung's part, as if they looked down their nose at those of us who don't want a smartphone and said, "Oh, you just want something *basic*, do you? How quaint. Well...we'll see what we can throw together" and then produced a phone that could have come from an arcade claw machine. A basic phone should be basic; it should not be insulting to the consumer.

According to two Verizon wireless reps when I called them, they do NOT do the GPS service for prepaid service; they will only activate that for you if you have a two-year contract (and if you're going to get a two-year contract, IMO there seem to be better deals for better phones than this, based on a quick look around I did the previous night). They did both tell me that the 50$ per month prepaid does have unlimited calling, texting, and web browsing in the lower 48 (which is what I asked; I don't know if their calls expand further) -- although I forgot to clarify whether that only meant that you could CALL those areas, or whether you could BE in those areas without roaming.

...it's difficult to use a phone that can't be activated.While I didn't order this phone for crack deals or illegal dealings as I always figured prepaid phones were used for, I needed this for my job and was enticed by the price of the phone ($25.00) and the free two-day prime shipping.  The phone came as expected, I ripped the s*** out of the environmentally unfriendly indestructible plastic case, and went to town with it.When I got to the "activate" part, I was forwarded to a very delightful person at VZ customer service who quickly identified that the phone was in some sort of lock status.  I didn't listen to all the crazy blah, but the short of it was that the seller did not properly release the phone to be activated by Verizon.  This is protection in case I had stolen the phone.  Understood, but suck.I called Amazon to learn that the only option I had was to return the phone, get a refund, and try again.  I understand Amazon's policy, as much as it sucks for me, but asked if there was a way to reach the seller and find out if they could "remove the lock" on the phone.  This would've made my life so much easier (and would've resolved the problem immediately), but the seller had no customer service number on file that could be reached.  So, I started the return process, shipped a phone that can not be easily resold (since I hacked the living daylights out of that packaging), and I went directly to Verizon.I will continue to business with Verizon, but I suspect that "Wireless Wholesale Corp" will not get any more of my business.  Do what you can to avoid these cats - With this or any products their name is on.  You really don't know if what you're going to get will work or not.  Crappity, crappity, crap.

This little phone does exactly what it promises.  It's very basic, but it works very well.  What really stands out about it is it's very long battery life and quick charge.  If you don't really use a cell phone much or you just use it for text and call, then this is a really great and inexpensive option.  Plus, Verizon is very helpful and I always have great service/signal.

O.K. that was a silly thing to write, but I am (knock on wood) SO happy with this phone - The size, the ability, the features....it's just a good phone for someone who isn't ready (ever) for a more fancy, upscale phone ...meaning like an i-phone or the such.  Just too many bells and whistles for me! The gusto has what you need and is a nice size - I have dropped it a few times (and no, not on purpose!) and it is still 100% intact -Just a good phone for a good price!

Great little unit for the basics, talk/text/alarms. Seems a stronger antenna, and better sunlight screen vision than my GS3. But once you've experienced the power of Smartphones, it's tough to go back . 5 stars for 8 plus days on battery life with medium use.

For a phone on the bill, not a prepaid device!!Fixed all of the problems that we faced *there are many people with these phones that have had ton of problems* with the ILL first Gusto. That phone was horrible and I was irked that it was released without proper testing first.got this phone brand new for my grandfather, I'd previously tried a Gusto1 for a backup phone and hated the d*m* thing. I dropped calls constantly, keys pressed on their own, cameras never opened.This phone was a pleasant surprise however. The keys are bigger, easier to type on. It's got a nice keypad, I sent a couple texts on it when I'd left my phone at home, and it has a fast, soft, raised-key keypad which is just AMAZING. The camera isn't anything to &#34;write home about&#34; but it's still good for a feature phone. You get the pictures emailed and they look like they were taken on a Nikon. Little did the recipient know they were just taken by a &#34;free-with-contract&#34; simple feature phone that is durable. They thought it was someones 650$ camera, you can't tell the difference.The one thing I would want to change would be texting is ok and web is ok, pics look blockish like. You can see each individual picture when you look straight on at the phone. When reviewing a text, it's not that way, just when looking straight on at it. You can tell this even by the stock photo ebay provides you to the side of writing the review.Overall, there isn't much I'd change. I'd get a better screen, but as this is a cheaper phone and geared toward the simpler crowd, I'll let my one and only con slide, as I think many won't care, it's that small. And for those of you that were plagued by the issue of the first GUSTO (ALMOST EVERYTHING) you'll be pleased to know your battery and charger will work on this phone. Therefore if you find one with no charger or just with a battery door, your old stuff will certainly work.

Didn't realize it was pre-pay phone, and Verizon would not activate on my plan. So had to return it. :(

My husband and I used to have Boost Mobile for the Push-to-talk feature, pay as you go. That network was discontinued as of Midnight June 30.We are now trying out two Verizon Samsung Gusto 2 phones on the 1.99 a day, pay as you go plan for unlimited voice and text. We don't text, so we don't care about that. These phones have some smartphone features, but we don't care about those either. All we want is a way to communicate with each other, when one is traveling to work and an emergency occurs.We got these phones at Family Dollar for $20.00 each. Sometimes you can catch them on sale, either for $15.00, or $20.00 and you get a Family Dollar store coupon for $10.00.We have had them since July 1, and so far I have added $15.00 to each phone (the minimum amount) and so far we are pleased. There are many plans you can sign up for, but we have the $1.99 plan. That is a daily charge of $1.99 per day for unlimited calls and text. However, if you do not use your phone, either dial out or answer an incoming call, you are not charged that day. Any extras like photos (it is a camera phone) are $.25 per picture, and webbing, email, etc, cost extra.Verizon's website is easy to use also, and you can track your daily usage. It is much easier than we ever found with Boost.The phones themselves seem sturdy and feel good to the hand. Also for those of us age 60 or better, it is easy to read the screen and keypad without glasses in many cases. Sound in the earpiece is good, whereas with other phones, it has been hard to hear the other end of the conversation--or have them hear you.I didn't plan on writing a review here, but I guess I just did. I am just passing on our observations for now. We may decide later on that this may not be a good fit for us, but for now, we like them.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------It is now almost a year since we purchased our phones.  We are still pleased with the phones.

Very please with my purchase and price.  Worked and was easy to activate with Verizon.  Only slight negative would be it does not have a slot for a micro flash card.  So you cannot save picture externally.  But this is only minor.  Holds it's charge for a very, very long.  Fast and quick shipping..

there are similar listings for the same item that don't come with the free $10 airtime. its not much but if its free, why not? I've used the phone for over 250 hours and never had a problem with a dropped called. I switched from a tmobile prepaid and there is a world of difference in the quality: no blurriness, not time-outs and no dropped calls. This is one of the best bets for prepaid you can find online.

These were to replace Motorola phones that were several years old and drained the battery in a day (new or old battery).  The Samsung Gusto is basically a clone of the Motorola which is fine by me.  I knew the Verizon rate plans as I was just continuing on my pay as I go plan, just with a new phone.  If you want a pretty basic inexpensive phone and are OK with the Verizon rate plans, this a a great buy in my opinion.

Phone works good and holds a charge for days. Price was right since I didn't need a smart phone. Only need it to make a call sometimes.

It works and it sounds better than the LG I had. The LG locked up when I tried to update it and couldn't get it to turn on or off after that..

I needed a crappy phone to replace the crapy phone that I have on my plan that I use as a office number for customers to call that died it is hard to buy a phone that is not a smart phone any more and I already have 3 smart phones on my plan I don't want to pay for a data plan for one that is just used as a contact number I was able to activate this phone with in a few minutes on my Verizon plan

I'd like the sound to be better on this, its very scratchy at times.  Also recently I asked if you could use this phone in Canada.  You can providing you're on a special plan. I believe my rate is $45.00 and I get 16 or so hours of free phone minutes in Canada, so I answered my own question.

The gusto is an okay basic phone. It has a very cheap feel to it.  My previous basic LG phone definitely felt more sturdy and elegant.The sound quality is great, as it the battery life.The big negative about this phone is it's bluetooth quality.  Whenever I place a call using my Samsung Bluetooth headset, people tell me that they can barely hear me.I tested my headset on various devices, there were never any complaints about sound quality.  This is really disappointing, since there really isn't all that much you need to get right with these type of cell phones.

Bought two at Best Buy for almost the same exact price for each, but each also came with a $10 phone credit - they also activated both, as well as transferred contacts from the old phones w/o charge. Feels better than prior LG phone which broke, clear sound, battery charge holds well. Instructions that come with the phone are inadequate, but complete set can be downloaded from Samsung site. Verizon now won't allow converting to a month-to-month post-paid phone until in service for at least six months.

After much research, this seemed like a phone that I could pay just by the minute for use.  Actually each time I add $15, if not used, it then expires.  I tried to do my homework but it was misleading.I needed this as a emergency phone for the occasional time needed by my young teenager but at this cost, it is not worth it for sure.

Meets all of your texting and calling needs plus a few handy apps like calculator and stopwatch. This was $30.00 well spent.

Bought this for my father. He's older and doesn't want a smart phone. Don't text him. I think he needed a battery after about a year though. You can find them cheap on that auction place if you need to.

I've been unable to activate this phone.  Have activated others like it, so it's not me, but rather how it was (not) set up between Verizon and provider.

Product was not new like it was supposed to be. phone had been used, already activated with a phone number and had personal text messages on it. the phone was nasty with smudges and fingerprints all over it. i was disgusted and shocked!!!

Verizon no longer carries this phone and wanted me to up grade to a smart phone @ $200+! Found this exact replacement and it worked great right out of the package.

It's a phone.  That's it.  You can nominally take photos and go online but this phone is essentially as dumb as they come.  The plug's a weird size so it's difficult to find a headset for it, but otherwise this is a durable, reliable, trouble free dumbphone.  You'll never pocket dial with it and you'll never get hacked.  I have an Ipad so I have all that fancy stuff. My phone's a phone, and this is a good one.

Allows use of the best network - Verizon - the lowest cost for that particular network.  Battery life is good, call quality is good, available minutes displays on the phone.  Worked on an out of state school trip with no roaming charges.  Never drops calls in our area.  If the teenager who is using it loses the thing, the $25 cost will be much less trouble than more expensive phones.  Our average use level is probably 3-4 calls per week plus 4 or 5 texts per week, if that.  For much heavier use, the verizon pre-paid plan is probably not cost competitive.  For a $25, it was a great value for a basic communication device.  Will not call back up to the Enterprise to get beamed aboard when on foreign planets, but hey, it's $25, and costs us about $10 / month.  Verizon's website was tricky at first as it seemed to be hiding the lower cost options for pre-purchasing minutes.  Watch the time till expiration of the minutes, the minimum purchase expires in 30 days.  Availability of the less costly options seemed to be buried a bit on the website, which kept trying to direct me to more expensive phone plans.  Once set up the phone has been zero hassle.  Very pleased for the use described. Teenager is able to call or text but is uninterested in using it as a toy.  And that's what I'm talking about.

This phone is easy to use and set up. Great for people who like the simplicity of a basic phone (not a dumb phone). The only reason I gave it four out of five stars was: when setting up the alarm for a one time use, the alarm continued to chime the subsequent days. Even when I turned the alarm to the &#34;off&#34; setting but kept the alarm scheduled for future use, it still chimed. I had to completely delete the alarm setting for it to stop. Other than that, the phone works great, even for people who are hard of hearing.

Verizon is ignorant, greedy jags. It's almost like they bait you into thinking you'll pay for the phone ONLY when you need it...but essentially you pay $15 dollars a month to have it whether you use it or not...because if you don't USE the minutes you purchased for the phone...they take the money and your minutes are gone, every month...ridiculous.
