
I was amazed at the ease of use this device had.  It was very easy to activate.  There are rules, but hey if you are not planning on changing your number or plan, then this is definitely the way to go!  I would order this product again.

My girl friend loves this phone. Ever since I got it for her she loves to play on it and games do not lag on it. Processor is pretty fast. Screen looks awesome too. I also have this phone and love it.

We were part of the U.S. Cellular Chicago market that was sold to Sprint-- which was devastating enough, but to know we had to get new phones because our old ones would not work was something I was dreading. Not to mention selecting a new network, which was an arduous task that took months. Finally, we started losing service and made our move. We found out about deals on phones through Amazon, and our experience was better than I could have imagined! The phones (we bought the white and the black) appear to be brand-new (not re-builds like we unwittingly purchased from our previous provider), easy to set up and get going. As a Prime member, I could not beat free shipping! $.02 for 2 brand new phones was an amazing deal. Great phones, great service with Amazon (as always!), and so far great service/reception with Verizon!! I recommended my sister do the same for her and my niece-- and she is pleased as well! Amazon has earned my repeat business yet again!!

Fantastic phone. I see why it really took a good chunk of market share. I am sure there are plenty of more thorough reviews out there. The only thing I will add is the charging port is an area of concern. Be gentle with it. If you do mess it up and it stops working, i suggest purchasing a external phone battery charger and maybe and extra battery. Then you will be all set.

This phone is wonderful!  I would recommend that if you are in the process of buying a phone to consider the Galaxy III. In fact, I am buying it for my daughter for Christmas.

I was debating the whole time between the 3 or the 4. And honestly there really isn't much of a difference. My best friend has the 4 and mine is a little smaller and doesnt have some of the motion features (which honestly i hate, i don't want to accidently answer a call i meant to ignore!) But the phone works wonderful, doesnt freeze at all. camera takes beutiful pictures, nice focus on it and love the extra features with the camera.con: battery life can be a little short on it. I'm not on mine ALL the time, but I am 24, I usually check it every now and then and it seems to only last a full day if I'm REALLY on it a lot, which isn't bad but it would be nice it lasted a day in a half like some of my older phones.

HI, the phone comes with line only for USA???Samsung Galaxy S III 4G Android Phone, White 16GB (Verizon Wireless)

easy to use. if not a computer geek highly recommend to use this one.i like widgets appears on screen make easy to manipulate apps.

I had been using the same model for 8 months when I put my order for this one. I had my previous one cracked and needed a quick replacement. The delivery was quite prompt and I even got another replacement after having another problem with this one. Verizon wireless took total care and charges of my replacement. Fully satisfied with the service and the device!

This phone, hyped to be an Iphone killer by many, is in truth anything but. The technology under the hood of the S3 puts the Iphone to shame, tis true, but thats only if the phone works. And it doesn't seem to like to work half of the time. Be it errors sending text messages (the device will frequently not send text messages, citing an error; your only hope is to restart the phone and remove the SIM card repeatedly), errors with the media player (the device likes to delete music randomly, and on top of that if you use an SD card there are SO many glitches/incidences where the player will randomly glitch out, saying "cannot read this music file" when it perfectly can. Sometimes it just doesn't even recognize files; I have had to spend HOURS messing with the stupid media player for these reasons), errors communicating with computers (maybe its an ANDROID-MAC connectivity problem, but I can honestly speak from my experience, DO NOT BOTHER BUYING THIS PHONE IF YOU HAVE A MAC. Getting the phone to work is A CONSTANT PAIN if you have a macintosh. It's absolutely ridiculous from a design perspective. Samsung is just lazy), and noticeable issues with bluetooth communication functioning smoothly, let alone connecting. In addition to that, there are just random freezes and glitches in the O.S. As much as I dislike the iphone brand, i cannot deny that those device do NONE of these bizarre problems, and that the Galaxy S3, while full of potential, is a dysfunctional, glitchy mess, at least the verizon model anyway. Unfortunately cannot recommend this product.

Today my phone started giving me the "No SIM" error in my office.  My other phones worked great there.  Google "no sim galaxy s3 verizon" and you'll see many similar complaints .  I know this is a new phone model, but this is not acceptable at any stage.  Do not buy this phone if you want to use it as a phone!  This problem only seems to occur with verizon.Update:  Tried new sim card, got new phone, many service calls, verizon just keeps putting me off each time.  Still no resolution of the dropped calls with the No SIM error.  The only suggestion is to use 3rd party software to permanently switch it to 3g.  If you get good 4G or just 3G, you won't notice this...at least until you go out of town and need the phone the most.Another update:  Sending back another replacement that didn't work anywhere better than the first.  They'd rather waste money and time than admit that their phones are incompatable with some of their towers.  Of course the verizon rep hasn't called me back in "two days" either.  I've heard that about 4 times before.  The phone would be nice, but Verizon should be avoided for any phone!another update:  I upped this to zero stars from -1 stars since they updated the software.  My phone works now in this area, but the verizon threads show there are many people for whom it didn't work.  What really pissed me off was the continual lies that verizon tech support gives out.  Never once did they acknowledge that this phone has problems.  Sure, buy the phone, just don't get the verizon version.

My original Smartphone purchase. I cannot complain about this phone, it has done well for me and provided me with a big enough screen to do what I need to do. Fast speeds, plenty customizable, and easy to set-up from the word go. There are videos on Verizon and digital workshops to help with setting up the phone and customizing the wallpaper and lock screen. The S-Beam technology is great despite the commercial on TV that makes fun of it along with other smartphones out there.

Did not take long for the phone to get delivered.  Phone did work but now it breaks up and I have to put it on speaker.  But after awhile will not work at all.......stuck now for two years with Verizon plan.Sincerely,Very unhappy

The phone is great, battery life, display, form factor are all fantastic. I would have given a 5 star review if it weren't for the bugs. Drive mode doesn't work for me at all. Tried everything I could to get it to work, even load my contact information on to my phone instead of syncing from google. Still a no go.But my biggest gripe with the phone is when I send text messages. My messages fail to send and shortly after kicks me off the network and "no SIM" message pops up on the taskbar. It's an issue that seems to be plaguing a decent amount of users. Verizon claims Samsung is working on a update since it's a new phone, and with new phones, bugs are common. Whatever the case may be, it's an issue that needs to be resolved.I did not buy the phone from Amazon, so it's not a review on the service, but on the device itself.[...]

We love these phones, but  we are always a year behind technology wise. Since we are happy with our service and provider,  Verizon, getting these phones for near free was just a massive technology upgrade for our family,  compared to our old HTCs.

I got this about 9 months ago after having two iPhones. Apple was ticking me off with their restrictive phone and I thought I would try something new. I do consider myself impartial on this even with my iPhone history as I got it completely open-minded. I would say that this phone for the most part is actually a pretty cool phone. It looks great, feels solid in your hand, has fun features and is relatively easy to use (Apple still takes the cake on usability). Some of my absolute favorite things are the Navigation tool that gives voice turn-by-turn directions and voice to text messaging. However, that does not make up for the cons, which are as follows:- HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE reception. I am lucky to make a call and not get it dropped. At home, on the highway, in a field, next to a tower...ANYWHERE. Unfortunately it was only after I bought it that a Verizon guy told me he had the exact problem with his phone. I know it was the phone and not Verizon since my room mates have the same service and have no problems at all...Verizon seems to actually have good coverage.- Very limited and unstable connectivity with Apple computers. Trying to sync is always hit-or-miss, and organizing music on the phone is a laborious and frustrating process. Considering the market share that Apple has on the smartphone market, they really should have made it more user-friendly.- Unstable - Not my biggest complaint, but apps do crash much more often than on either of my old iphones. On this note, ringtones for text messages have had a continuing problem of either not playing at all, or cutting out half way through the ring.- forced updates: the phone's firmware updates whether or not you want it to...the choice is at least available with the iPhone- Game accounts may not carry over to other portable devices. Ex: Mobage games- Voice mails have to be retrieved through third party apps. WHAT? This should have been built in. Who doesn't get voice messages?- I still can't get S-Voice to work right for me.I'm not a technie, but I am no dummie, either. I had high hopes with this phone and I can see that it had a lot of potential. Unfortunately I think they try to make too many different models and end up sending out products that have a lot of bugs in them. Honestly, bugs don't bother me as much as the horrible reception it gets. A phone is defeated in purpose if you can't make calls.

As a former iPhone user, I was sick of seeing Samsung phones with bigger screens. As time goes on, I read more and more on my phone and the tiny iphone screen just wasn't doing it for me. I traded my iphone 4s to an 18 year old girl who wanted to look cool to her friends and have an iphone for her white S3. I couldn't be happier. The screen is beautiful, bright, and clear to read on or watch videos. Calls come in clearly and people can here me speak ok. If you know how to customize your phone, you will love the S3. I am not a power user, but did download the Apex launcher and love the way it makes the home screens look. I rate the phone a 4 only because I still think Apple's iOS is much smoother and easier to use for most cell phone users. Every time I use my ipad I am amazed by the smoothness of iOS. It's not customizable, but I don't know how to do that anyways. I'm sticking with the S3 until apple makes a larger phone screen. Looks like I'll be with Samsung a while and that is not a problem.

I've owned a mobile phone with just about every OS in the smartphone era with the exception of Windows Phone 7/8 and the Galaxy S III is my favorite total package of hardware and software that I have ever owned.I'm going to write this from the point of view of someone switching from iOS to Android because my last phone was the iPhone 4, which was very solid yet unexciting. I hate having what everyone else has but at the time it was so far and away the best phone available on Verizon that I had to get it. Prior to that I owned a Palm Pre+ (amazing OS, no apps), the original Motorola Droid(Android was too raw at that point), a Blackberry Storm (God awful, dare I say the beginning of the end) and a Palm Centro and Treo 650 (I miss Palm.)The OS:Android has come a long way since the Droid. I hated that phone more than any I've owned and sold it before my contract was up to get the Pre, which coincidentally from a pure OS standpoint was the best. While iOS and Android may appear quite similar the customizability of Android takes the cake. One thing I really didn't like about iOS was that you could do nothing to get rid of apps I would never use. Now, don't get me wrong, Android, especially Verizon's because of all the bloatware they put on it has the same problem to an extent. However, you can at least hide the annoying apps that you will never use. I know its not a huge complaint, but it annoyed the hell out of me that I couldn't do anything with Newsstand on iOS but relegate it to a distant page. Swype texting is another plus. It works better than I anticipated and just takes a little time to get used to.The Hardware:I'll spare the technical details, its fast. My only concern is how it will be in a year and a half when it is outdated. It is big and that took some getting used to, but after about a week an iPhone just feels small by comparison. I have probably above average sized hands and it is still easy to use with one hand. I do sometimes find myself hitting the back button or opening the phone app when I use it with one hand. The screen is bright and crisp, however it doesn't always adjust the brightness properly but it usually corrects itself quickly. I used to think "Who needs a screen that big on a phone?" and now I can't imagine going back, I'd even like to try out the Note II.I was pleasantly surprised by the battery life. I am at 65% right now and it has been off the charger since about 11:00 am. However, I would consider today a relatively light day of usage. It does need to be plugged in nightly, so not quite at the level of the iPhone (4 anyway) but nowhere near as bad as many android phones.Apps:This is a big opinion point but for myself, the apps on the Play Store are better than Apple's. I generally only use basic apps and games. Gaming on this phone is lightyears better than iOS. There are emulators for everything up to the Playstation and it is easy to connect a PS3 controller through USB or bluetooth (if rooted). Chrome is much better than Safari in my opinion. Here's where the bigger screen helps too, its just a better phone for browsing the internet or any reading. Call quality is also much better that the 4 and there aren't any reception issues. I've had multiple people tell me how much clearer I sound on this phone.All-in-all this is a great phone, and as a former iPhone user I am more than happy with my decision to switch. I know its not totally fair to compare this to the iPhone 4 but the 5 just didn't impress me. I still wish webOS was alive because it was a great OS but this is the best hardware I've ever used. And it has a very, very good ecosystem supporting it. I'd probably give it 4.5 stars if the option were available because of a few niggles, but it definitely deserves more than 4 stars so I'm going to give it 5.

So I got this sure I wouldn't do anything else with it but make calls and message people, but I've found it useful for all sorts of things. Being able to take pictures and notes and then message them to people at any time is surprisingly useful. I also like that it is easy to disable various features, like data and GPS (just swipe down from the top and tap the icon you want to toggle).Not as powerful as the Note but then if you don't need the extra size and power then this will more than meet your needs.

Bought this phone as a add on line for my account. Watched for sale on amazon wireless and it was best price around. Phone works and looks great. In my opinion way better then the iphone even the 5 from what I have seen. But that is again just an opinon. Processor is fast and responsive, Display is Huge and crystal clear. Runs multiple apps with ease. Hope this helps I hate long reviews

Purchased this for my wife.  She loves it.  Had some issues with the device that required a return and then ran into a snag there, but Amazon was awesome and got it all fixed.This device still performs very well, both as a phone and an on-the-go media device.  The New S4 has more bells and whistles, but it also has more useless gimmicks, too.  Still a great device!

In my opinion Galaxy S III is a good phone but very much overrated. It feels and looks cheap and UI is quite fast but not as fast as I expect from 1,5 GHz dual core phone. Web browsing is not even nearly as smooth as with new generation WP8 devices I've used. And in general Android UI feels and looks rather old and even after several weeks of using I find it very confusing. It's very annoying to use and even the basic functionalities are too hard to find. I just don't like the UI concept. Pros are a good display (though it could be a bit brighter when using it outdoor in sunlight) and NFC is nice feature and I hope we see more applications for this. I've decided to upgrade to Lumia 920 already because I wasn't happy with S3.

The Samsung Galaxy S3 is a great phone. It takes a little bit to get used too, but I guess that's with all phones. I originally was giving to get an iPhone 5, but after they won that ridiculous lawsuit I went with my 2nd choice the S3. I was also not liking the very little changes to the iPhone 5 and the change of port on the bottom as well.Going from the Droid X to the S3 is nice. There are pros and cons IMO as with everything. First the bad news. Note most if not all my complaints are easily fixable by using any of the many free apps in the Android Marketplace. The music player (which is why I was thinking of going iPhone 5 as I lost my iTouch a couple months ago) is kind of low. It doesn't play smoothly as there are breaks sometimes in the middle of a song. Also there is no lockscreen controls. I'm now using Amazon MP3 as my music player and although it does add lockscreen controls I still get the occasional break within a song so it seems it's the phone. The MP3s do not break on my computer.Another complaint is the alarm. Droid X allowed me to hear the full song as an alarm, but the S3's stock alarm cuts off after about a minute probably less. Also choosing MP3s as an alarm isn't as smooth as you actually have to go through your SD cards menu instead of pulling a list up like on the Droid X.The complaints are the volume button can get in the way when holding my phone landscape therefore changing the volume while listening to my music as I do something else on my phone. The touchscreen is extremely sensitive (yes it's bothersome to me) as sometimes my fingers holding my phone move in front of the screen and registering it as a touch even if very slightly at the farthest edges... I also do not like the stock browser as you basically have to scroll all the way up because the URL bar scrolls up with the page.The user dictionary doesn't update when you keep a word instead of using the ssuggestions. It looks like I actually have to manually add words to my dictionary... and the clipboard isn't a true clipboard because when I try to copy a link I can repaste it in the URL or into a text, but sharing it on facebook via status isn't possible.Now the pros. The battery life is amazing. I don't even use battery saver mode and it still lasts longer then my old Droid X did with Battery Saver mode on and all things basically turned off and my S3 also has GPS and WiFi running too! The phone is extremely light. I may actually get a case because at times I forget I'm holding it because how light and thin it is. Also, I'm guessing the S3 has better receivers as I have better call quality and 3G speeds. Unless of course Verizon erected a new tower near me on the same exact day I activated this phone which I highly doubt.The screen is quite amazing. I've seen IPhone 4S screens (those are supposed to have Retina displays right?) and IMO this looks better much more vivid. I've heard people say theirs get really hot, but mine did only the first day. Now it's actually cooler then my Droid X with the extended battery (Oh yeah forgot about that... that's how good the battery life is.)S Voice (Siri like personal assistant) seems quite accurate. Definitely more so then Droid X's, but can't compare to iPhone's as I've never tried it. Oh if you have the original S like my aunt it's of course much better then that. I like how you can command your phone to wake up with whatever phrase you want (I'm playing with "Obey Me!" for now), but it doesn't work with music playing which I was able to do with Droid X (not that I used it all that much because like I said Droid X's music player had lockscreen controls).I haven't truly fully explored the S3, but as I notice comparisons I'll update this review.Overall it's a very good phone and although the point of Android is customizability I am saddened the S3's stock features aren't up there with a 2 year old phone. Not to mention it's got the new version versus Droid X's (don't remember their tasty names).

It's so much more intuitive than my iphone.  Also, very reliable (so far).  The size takes some getting used too, but after about 2 days, I love the larger screen.  You won't be disappointed.

Every review tells you how good this device is.a super screen, a super battery, a super nice price $149.But most of all 2 giga byte ram make me so happy.

What I don't like- voicemail is old fashioned. Have to open voicemail, dial,put in password . And if you want direct dial like iPhone already has, surprise it's 2.99 EXTRA per month. Too many google apps - there are 3 music apps installed. Music hub, music player, play music. Confusing! How about one selection for your music. You have to download easy phone sync to transfer your iTunes to it. Still don't know how to update apps. iPhone shows it plain and clear. Also, the battery does not last as long as iPhone . Have to plug galaxy in before I go to bed, iPhone lasted all night, like to keep it by my bed for emergencies on.  Had to download a notepad app that iPhone already comes with as I use it all the time and smemo on galaxy is no good. Prefer the iPhone email screen to galaxy- dont like the look.What I like- I take a lot of pics, like the screen size, lightweight , google maps is very good. Gives audible directions. Love it.

I'm enjoying my S3. Great pics & love the large screen. Great phone for Candy Crush!!  Could have a better charger that comes with phone.

The new Samsung Galaxy III has blown me away. I have been a Sprint subscriber for 13 years and used only Samsung phones initially. Due to work related requirements, I switched to the Blackberry for the past four years. Well, the BB died on Friday and now resides where dead BBs go.I feel as if I have been hurled into the 22nd Century! I do not have ample words to describe my joy and pleasure with my new Sam Gal III! I am in love with this new device. Granted, I am still learning, however, I am absolutely smitten by the ease of use and sheer simplicity of the phone. So far the calls are great and everything is humming along smoothly.My single complaint and is not about the phone, I don't think. When the tech at Radio Shack transfered my contacts, many are now showing two and up to four times. By the way, the phone has a great "join" feature that is helpful. I can only wonder if they were already in the BB in multiples.I will be back in about a month after the honeymoon to let you know if we are still a happy couple. In the meantime, I rate this puppy 5 stars!

After having many phones, and three different smartphones, I have finally found the one that fits all my needs. No, it isn't the newest or the best anymore, but this thing is till pretty amazing. Though it might only have dual core processor, this thing is quick and snappy while multitasking and running applications. The camera is amazing and video is too. I love the size of it's large display and the resolution is just right! I love this thing and all it can do!

I didn't know the phone was that big,but i love it,and the camera is awesome,it takes really good pictures,awesome phone!

I am still getting used to all the functions of my new Samsung Galaxy S III phone.. As of this date I love everything about it so far.There are many features that I have still not explored, for the phone is less than a month old. It takes some getting used to even though it's fairly simple to move around in in the phone. It's 100 times better than my Palm Pixie that I wore out.I love that you can open several windows at one time. Look up information while you are on a call... A great little computer at your fingertips.I really like the speak function for texting. It's very convenient. I will give it a few more weeks before commenting on the rest of what this phone is capable of doing. Definitely use the setup wizard, extremely helpful. There are some apps that are preloaded in your phone that you will not be able to remove or uninstall. And if you spend more than 8hrs a day using your phone... It will have to be charged two times during that 8-12 hour period. Just like any other electronic device when used excessively make sure you charge the device fully. Also make sure you have your contacts backed up in a gmail account. This is a google opps system. Everything backed up in your gmail account will pop right into your phone.I am looking forward to a long relationship with my Samsung Galaxy S III phone. Thank you Amazon for the prompt deliveryI will definitely recommend this phone.

My back button on the phone doesn't work all the time and the phone its self is very slow compared to my 3g Ally.

I love this phone. The screen is big and it was easy to set up and use. It has a great camera and of course you can use all the available apps, etc. Love it!

love the new phone. easy to use. Only thing - the back cover seems flimsy when taking it off or putting back on...LOVED Amazon Wiresless deal on the phone and that my new line activation fee was waived with Verizon!

Man this phone has so many cool features.  Plus the battery life is super.  It has a feature that turns off mobile data so you don't use it up which I really appreciate since I'm on a limited data plan.  Plus it just looks cool.  The graphics are so slick and fast.  Can't imagine having a better phone.  I'll be keeping this one for a while.

Pros: big screen, flexible UI, Foxfi, external SD,cons: compare with the iphone 5: poor camera, everything crashes a lot, apps are more expensive, software is difficult to use, simple tasks are not so simple, most of the functions are complicated.  not enough well written apps,  huge security issues, its so slow to get updates from Verizon... etc etc.if you are a hard core computer user and want to spend a lot of time to play with a phone, get the S3, if you want something simple, easy to use and get the tasks done, especially  taking pictures with your phone,  and don't need Foxfi to share your unlimited data plan;  the iphone 5 is the only choice.

Bought this phone for myself. Love the white and the sleek & smooth design. Runs quick & great camera quality & shutter! This is the phone for you!

Everyone in my family has a Samsung Galaxy, so I purchased this one for my mom. She is in her sixties and got her first smart phone two years ago but the screen was a little too small for her. She had a hard time seeing the screen even with her glasses. We upgraded her to this phone and you would have thought she was just given a million bucks. She loves it. She has never been a texter until she found out she could talk to her phone and it would type her message for her. She loves that feature. She learned she could tell her phone to do a whole lot more than just text too. We all love our Galaxy phones. In fact, some of our IPhone friends have switched to the Galaxy just because I haven't had near the issues they have. :-)

I upgraded from a Droid Incredible a few weeks ago. I love the Galaxy S3 for its larger screen, snappy operation and slim form factor. I use it as a GPS, MP3 player, e-book reader, movie player, e-mail, web research, alarm clock--oh yeah, occasionally as a phone. Typically I have 40-50% battery power left after 16 hours with the stock battery. It contains a decent camera with the capability of motoring off a string of photos by holding down the shutter release. Also, you can shoot amazing panoramas in moments. Nice!I'm using Verizon so, of course, there is the usual loathsome crapware Verizon loads on everything. This junk cannot be uninstalled. Also, Samsung felt free to load its own steaming pile of junk on top of the Verizon stuff. And watch out for the Google+ app. Its default setting uploads your photos into the cloud, which can be disastrous away from WiFi on a limited data plan.Neat phone, though, with some spiffy advanced features. Many are of marginal use (to me), but I quite like the feature that keeps the screen active as long as it "sees" your face with the front camera. Also, the NFC sensor is cool. I bought a five-pack of Samsung's TecTiles and downloaded the free "NFC Task Launcher" to program the tiles to perform various tedious tasks--like turn off WiFi and turn on Bluetooth when getting into the car. The new iPhone 5 doesn't have NFC--neener-neener!------------That said, I had a very weird problem with my original Galaxy S3, then a replacement Galaxy S3. They both locked up--hard!--then started seriously overheating when I turned the phone off, then on. When it happened the first time, I thought it was a bad phone, so I replaced it. The same thing happened again with the new phone after I loaded standard apps if I shut the phone off, then on. It would go into a constant reboot sequence and lock the screen. Battery would drain 10-15% in an hour and the case would get HOT! Issue would NOT resolve itself even if I pulled the battery!I didn't load any weird apps, just my usual stuff from the Google Play Store. One week I had to do a factory reset FIVE times! Now I am terrified to turn my phone off. Everything works fine so long as I ALWAYS leave it on. Searching the web, this peculiar problem seems very unusual.***I would love to hear from anyone who could offer insight into this weird issue!***UPDATE--I suspect it is an issue with that lame Facebook app. I loaded Facebook and the phone experienced severe battery drain and overheating. Removed Facebook, problem disappeared. Hmmm.------------UPDATE 2--I've owned the Samsung Galaxy S III for several months now and it works perfectly. There have been two software/firmware upgrades for the Galaxy S III, and Facebook finally fixed its buggy app.

I chose to use the phone for a few months before writing this review to prevent the initial excitement from biasing this honest review. I came from a Motorola Droid running CM 7.2.Pros:* Very light* Loud speaker* micro SD storage* Removable battery - not so important at home / work but a great boon out of town / on vacation. I was in Paris last summer and I was glad that my Droid let me to switch the batteries ($2 each nowadays) and keep shooting photos* Excellent cameras - both front and back* More than sufficient processing power - I always leave it on Power saver mode* Vibrant screen* Lovely 720p resolution - HD videos look great* 4G LTE is unbelievably fast* Easy to root and unlock bootloader + very strong Cyanogenmod, Ubuntu, support.Cons:* VERY bad cellular and wifi radios - My office is in the basement of a building and while iPhones are able to retain 3-4 bars, I get 1 bar at most. Phone also keeps dropping wifi regularly. As a consequence, my battery drains from 100% to 40% in a 10 hour work day with minimal to no usage. I don't have this problem at home where I have decent reception for both cellular and wifi. I have read elsewhere that Samsung simply doesn't know how to make good CDMA radios and GSM versions of the phone don't share this problem.* Dim screen makes outdoors use a little painful* Ugly and slow OS skin, gimmicky Samsung apps including S voice, massive amount of bloatware, annoying Verizon customizations like persistent wifi notification* Too large - I have large hands and yet I feel that this is too much of a handful to use with a single hand. A 4.4" or 4.5" screen might be the largest one can comfortably useAlternatives:* iPhone 5* Motorola Razr HD MAXX* HTC Droid DNA

The Android phone of the year hands down! I recommend this phone to everyone. I will not regret my purchase! :)

This is my 4th android smart phone & the best ever. And soon we will have the next update, hopefully in Dec., then it will be even better.  I have had no problems.  Every phone has a learning curve, just be patient and watch all the videos on the (guided tour) app. I learn something new about this phone each day. The movies I put on run smooth and I can even put the movie on the top of screen while answering email or texts. The internet is fast, & battery life is way better than the Thunderbolt.

I love this phone, even though when I went to the Verizon store, discovered if I had purchased it through them, I would have gotten the smaller Samsung S4 for free. This one is for people who need/want a larger screen. I love being able to change the font. As noted before, it is a larger phone, but-that makes it easier to find in your purse!

Only good things to say about this phone. The phone is so light, the screen is huge and vivid, system is fast and customizable. Camera takes tremendous photos and HD videos. Expandable memory is a big perk. I have had no problems whatsoever with this phone and Verizon's 4G LTE network is unmatched and worth the price. Only regret is that I didn't upgrade from my BlackBerry (Satan's cell phone) sooner.

I love the galaxy line of phones, and the S3 is no exception. Great quality phone, with everything I needed in a phone. My sister upgraded to the S4 and hasn't been happy since. I almost jumped to the s4 after moving on from my S2, but Im truly glad I didn't!

Caught this phone on sale for $10 on March 31, 2013 and I've got to say, it's a fantastic phone. I was really nervous about switching from a no-contract phone (HTC Evo 3D on Virgin Mobile) to being locked into a 2-year contract, but so far it's not so bad. Verizon has the best service I've ever seen, and the 4G speeds continuously blow my face off.I'll list a few personal likes and dislikes.PROS:-It's fast. Real fast. From off to fully booted in about a minute, which is a far cry from the 5 minutes it took my Evo 3D to fully load.-Plenty of storage. I was concerned about the fact that the S3 doesn't allow storage of apps on the SD card, especially with the limited space (16GB onboard), which effectively makes my 16GB SD card an endless supply of photo storage. I use Spotify as my main source of music, so I was disappointed that the S3 forces the offline storage onto the onboard emulated "SD card". However, it didn't turn out to be too bad of a letdown. I've got about 4GB of space left to play around with on the phone itself, and the SD card is pretty much untouched.-The camera. My God, the camera! It's honestly the best one I've ever had on a phone. My Evo had a dual 5MP camera (hence the 3D) and it was decent, but what a difference 3MP makes! The auto-focus is excellent, and the low-light function is fantastic. I was surprised at how much light this device can capture in low-light settings! Shooting video is also a pleasure. There's a certain realistic effect to each video that makes me never want to go back to anything lesser.-The size. At first I thought it might be a little to big to handle. Compared to my Evo's 4.3in display, this dude's a monster. But it's a nice change, I have to admit! It's still comfortable to hold, and in fact it's thinner than my old device which adds to the experience. I very much appreciate the power button's location on the right side of the device. So much easier to access than if it were on the top.-The notification LED! This is more of a silly novelty, but you'd be surprised how many people actually consider it a dealbreaker if a phone doesn't have an LED notification. It doesn't quite display every color imaginable, but it does more than just blink red and green. Certain apps have their own default color built into them (Facebook blinks blue, Yahoo mail blinks pink/fuchsia, etc.) It's a nice plus. Just DO NOT GET LIGHTFLOW if you want more control over the LED. For some reason it drains the battery at ludicrous speed, and causes certain features on the phone to act wonky. Wait until they update the app.-The Battery. This is probably the biggest selling point for me. My old phone would last about 5 hours on even medium or low-medium use, and that's pretty sad. The S3 does much better than that. Heavy usage still sucks battery life, but the usage-to-battery-life ratio is much more comfortable than anything I've owned. I can usually get through an entire day and still have about 40% before bed, and that's after 4G, wifi, screen and surfing. I really appreciate the capacity this phone has.-The headset!!! My God, the headset. The headphones that came with the phone are quite possibly the best headphones I've ever owned. They're the in-ear type so they cancel out most sound, ensuring a rich hearing experience. Coupled with Spotify Mobile's new Equalizer feature, I can't help but keep them in my ears all day. It's like hearing my music for the first time again!-S Voice is OK. I'm not foaming at the mouth over it, but it's a nice addition to the OS. I use it to set alarms and tasks, and ask about the weather. Google Now can also do these things and then some.Now to the other stuff...CONS:-Screen quality. I'm not a fan of the screen type Samsung and Motorola use in their devices. There's always this blue-green tint to everything, sometimes it's not very noticeable, but on lighter backgrounds (such as on Facebook) you'll notice it. I'll get used to it, but I much prefer HTC's pure-white, no-tint look with their screens.-Pixel Density. I can see pixels, which is automatically a con. It's not horrible, I'd just prefer a higher pixel density. But where there's higher pixel counts, there's need for higher battery capacity which means bigger battery size which means fatter phones. I'm okay with it for now.To be honest, the pros outweigh the cons by a longshot.

I found that if I gave a simple voice command to dial a name and id'd the phone, the S3 came back with an offer to search the web and did not look in the contact list.  Apparently this is a problem others have experienced as several web searches showed various "solutions" and a lot of frustration.  I did try a few of the offered alternative apps with no real success.I discovered that if I spoke the command thus:  "In Contacts call John Doe" or even a first name and the mobile or home option, it is working with no hitches.  Apparently the command syntax needs to be explained clearly in the help screens.The above was without using a Bluetooth device, but I am pretty sure that will work also as a few days ago I was waiting in the drive through line at Mickey Dees and called on S-Voice to "show me the way home" and it went straight to Navigation for my home address.There is a lot to the learning curve on the device and its features, use patience!

I travel into small towns dailey ...my work phone (iphone) is on the verizon network and works great most anywhere... I bought two of these phones (one for my daughter) and both drop calls in the most least expected places.

I like the phone it works well it takes a bit to get used to the layout of apps and everything. I get frustrated at times. The biggest problem I have had is with the motion settings and s voice. The motion settings don't always work right. The s video doesn't understand a Midwest accent or maybe you just need to speak like a speak and spell. I don't think that would even work.

My wife has this phone, and hardware-wise it's probably the worst when compared to Nokia and Apple. I think Samsung is famous for cheap hardware, it's what I have heard.

Battery drains quickly with many &#34;auto sync&#34; apps. I charge my GS3 at least 2 times per day. If I talk on the phone then I change it up to 3 times per day. I can't wait to upgrade to the Galaxy S4

Got a New one in Jan, sometimes, it restarts by itself, and alarm doesn't work. Need to restart to make it work. The screen is easy to break, make sure to get a bulky cover, yes, I broke the screen. then recently, cant' make/receive phone call, but I can still browser internet.Used HTC, Mot, Iphone, Samsung so far, Iphone is still the best build quality, but don't like Itune and IOS.HTC is next, then Mot and Samsung.

Decent phone. I cannot recommend Samsung phones though. They are known for GPS problems. My galaxy s3 does not have a functioning GPS. I have already had it factory replaced, and the problem persists. Google the problem if you don't believe that it's a serious and common issue.

I got this as a replacement for my HTC Rhyme back in July. My Rhyme up and died on me, and I was without a phone for a week. It's amazing how we can get attached to phones, but I can honestly say my entire life is on this thing.I use my phone for the usual: calling, texting, emailing, checking social networks, music, etc. Watching movies on this phone has been great, because the screen is so big. I'm able to do so much more with the 4G LTE network, and best of all, I can work on blogs and stories (I'm a writer) wherever I am with the Google Drive app.Swype took a little getting used to, but now I prefer it, and the battery could be a bit better, but honestly, with as much as I use this thing, the battery is just fine. It lasts me my entire work day, but that's with using it a lot on breaks. I'm a big Samsung fan, now. :-)

I upgraded from the Charge and am very happy that I did.  I thought about waiting for the S4, but decided the S lll was a great deal for the price.

I am really enjoying the Galaxy S3, the screen is beautiful and the phone is light and thin.Pros:good battery life for a 4G LTE phone, very goodgreat call qualityno signal issuesfast processor2GB of RAM means the phone is "future-proof"EXCELLENT camera, fast photos with high quality and fun settingsvideo is also great at 1080 HDvery thin, so I don't mind using a casemore colors are being releasedS-Beam feature is great for sharing photos with my wife and friends who have a GS3Android software is smooth and much more intuitive than past versionsWill be upgraded to "Jellybean" softwareCons:none. seriously, this phone is excellentMinor annoyances (nothing is perfect):I wish they had put the bottom row of buttons up closer to the screen. They sit kinda low.Screen size isn't for everyone. And it will scratch without a screen protector (like all phones)Not sure if I like the physical home button or not.All things considered, I think this is the best phone ever made. Not perfect, but as good as it gets, unless you have a ton of Apple devices. Then you'd be better off with an iPhone that will sync all of your stuff together. I really love the camera, it actually captures my toddlers with the burst mode, and it's fast to take a shot.

I've had this phone since July and am very pleased with the purchase. The value was superb on Amazon. The phone features are not quite as intuitive, nor are the notifications as easy to find, as those on my old &#34;dumb&#34; phone, but I love the large screen size and functionality. Great phone!

I love my phone.  It is so light and the buttons are much bigger that those on my last phone.  Had to go online and download the manual to read how to do things, but so far everything has been easy to do.

Cannot give 5 stars, because the camera is not as good as Iphone 5's.Pictures are not as bright, sharp or clear.3 stars because of screen size, Android and great hardware design.Samsung did a great job on this one, but I wish the camera was better.This could not stand a chance against Iphone on a head-to-head camera challege.

I absolutely love this phone!  Haven not found nothing wrong with it yet! It is fast, has tons of cool features, front and rear facing cameras, 'burst' mode on the camera which can take up to 20 pictures at once!  Comes with a bunch of apps too.  Overall, a great phone.  I am very happy!

Awesome fast and extremely user friendly. I have found so many more uses for the phone that I didn't know it was capable of.

Phone looks fine but battery discharges completely really fast and even dies while the phone is off. There are also a lot of black Stains on the screen.

My screen stays black and it takes about 30 seconds to wake up. Of course when it rings it cannot be answered because you can't see what to tap. Samsung will not replace it. It is only 4 months old. They will repair. I gave them a shot at that, went a week without a phone. Got it back and its is just the same maybe a little worse. Their service is just plain BAD. The phone has a list price of 699.00 and they will not make good.

i got it as a upgrade from my old not smartphone screen is big camera work great has may setting like turn every thing black and white but the stuff that is blue or green love it sooooo much great app store

I got this phone in January of 2013, before the Galaxy S4 came out. I have had enough time with it to be able to provide an honest review of the phone after it loses the wow factor.Hardware:The build quality is pretty good. I like the nice thin look of the phone without a case. The back is plastic, but it's not that big of a deal because it doesn't break easily like metal backs (coughcoughiphone). Also, battery is replaceable so that's a plus.Software/UI:Because this phone just got updated to android 4.4.2 Kitkat, I have no complaints other than TOUCHWIZ. I hate it. It's ugly, slow and uses up RAM that slows down the whole phone. So I downloaded a different launcher and used a stock KitKat theme. I just wish Samsung didn't insist on using the stupid physical home button and capacities buttons on the bottom. Android ditched them a long time ago. It really detracts from the beauty of Kitkat.Screen:The display is a 720p super amoled, so it's crisp, colorful and bright. Amoled screens have no backlights, so wht displaying blacks and other dark colors, it just turns LEDs off. This makes for super dark blacks, which are nice. I did notice some black spots on the screen when it displays black (this is a common issue with amoled displays). Other than that, the display is very nice.CPU:1.5 GHz dual-core processor and 2 GB of RAM allow for a fast little phone. But, touchwiz slows it down a lot. If this was running stock android, it would be twice as fast. I haven't ever encountered any lag, except for the occasional samsung app (s memo is a common culprit) misbehaving.Features:When this phone came out in 2012, it was a killer. It had SO many features, and it outsold the iPhone. To this day, I can do everything on this phone that the brand new phones coming out can do (except the Galaxy S5). I have to give Samsung credit for packing in so many features into this nice and pretty package.So overall, I would give this phone an 8 out of 10. Samsung nailed it with the physical design and features, but Touchwiz ruins the fun. If you want a nice android phone and you're fine with it being outdated and having a silly UI, then this may be a good choice.

I prefer the droids SO MUCH BETTER. Thought I would give this a try though for something new, I only have 3 weeks to go until my 6 months is up and I already have a droid waiting.

Love the phone. User friendly and large screen. Easy to navigate and takes great pictures.  Also the sound is good.

Loved this phone and purchased screen protector and protective (not waterproof) case ... then It fell in pool and unfortunately was ruined even though it was only in the water a few seconds. I learned a very expensive lesson ... if your Galaxy S3 gets wet -- get the battery out as quickly as you can to try and prevent it from shorting out.  Remove the Sim and Memory cards and then let it dry for a week or more.  Don't be tempted to &#34;test&#34; it and put the battery back in.  Just leave it alone and let it dry thoroughly. Don't put it in the sun or anything, just let it dry.  Chances are it will be fine if you can make yourself leave it alone until it's dry.  But if you put the battery in while it still has water inside it, it will short out and be fried.Anyway, I bought another one and I keep it away from the pool,  Love it.

This phone is exactly what my daughter was looking for. She loves it. I will be purchasing the S4 for myself.

This purchase was so worth it.Great phone! It was brand new in top notch shape. I am very pleased with my new phone.

ProsLove the screen sizeBattery life very goodNice and thinFantastic cameraConsHaving trouble with the micro SD cardVoice recognition has some bugs

Great phone but has been acting up since the update. The update added features that are like the S4 and Note 2 but has caused text message problems. When that is fixed it will be great.

FIRST, PLEASE NOTE:  I am not a professional with the smart phone.  In fact, my 9 year old granddaughter could probably show me more about my phone than I could ever figure out.  So if you are looking for a professional review... skip this one.I am a Samsung girl through and through.  My past phone was a Samsung Captivate and I loved this phone. Then... when it was time for an update, I decided to go for the Samsung Galaxy S3.  WOW!Of course, I checked out the reviews and one of the cons I kept reading about was the "plasticky case".  I love the phone appearance, weight, feel.  I see absolutely nothing wrong with the case and it has a great, sleek design.  Feels good in my hand.The screen is wonderful and I like the nature sounds and backgrounds.  Of course, I added my own touch to everything. The huge screen and beautiful graphics are a plus!The apps are easy to use and I am easily becoming attached to the S Voice.The speed is wonderful!  Uploading and downloading are really fast!  Much more so than with my old Captivate.Went to a HS Reunion and used the phone for video.  Great movies!  Great quality!  Much more so than the former phone.  Has flash for photos.  Love that I can have face to face time with my grands in another state!  Great quality!My daughter has the Samsung Galaxy S2 and as we sit side by side, she is more and more impressed by the extras on my phone.Call quality is superb!  No dropped calls.  No probs with having to move around and hold the phone just right so I can be heard on other end.The battery life is pretty decent!  I can use it all day and come home and place on charger before I go to bed.Loving this phone and hopefully this will help others in selecting their future android!7/18/13 - Today, I am just as pleased with this phone as I was a year ago!  In fact, probably more so!  I have customized my phone specifically for my needs and I love that it still works and looks like it did the day I purchased it.  My battery is still working great as well!  I have found a few fun things more that I can do with my phone and am very dependent on it.A great match for this phone in the way of a case is the Speck Candyshell case.  I have the white/raspberry and the white/purple.  Perfect fit!~

Nice program, bad phone. My screen stays black and it takes about 30 seconds to wake up. Of course when it rings it cannot be answered because you can't see what to tap. Samsung will not replace it. It is only 4 months old. They will repair. I gave them a shot at that, went a week without a phone. Got it back and its is just the same maybe a little worse. Their service is just plain BAD. The phone has a list price of 699.00 and they will not make good.Too bad. I like Android more than Apple OS but I have purchased my last Samsung.The phone has never been dropped or gotten wet!Service is the key guys. Wake up!

It is exactly what I wanted. I was a bit iffy about ordering it online, but everything went very smooth.

Easily the worst phone I've ever purchased. The battery life on the phone is pathetic and the screen was way too sensitive - occasionally hanging up while I was talking to someone.

Wouldn't pay  $200+or - for the S4 with the S3 still out there; same phones basically. Doubt most users would notice difference. Have no problem connecting to Wifi which had been an S3, Note II issue. If your'e coming from an IOS platform take those android classes carriers like VZ offer. there is a learning curve switching to android. Get a protective cover. S3  one is made of plastic

Had this thing for about a week and hated it. Switched back to the iPhone 5 where everything is so much cleaner, sleeker, and overall MUCH better in pretty much every category!

The screen and hardware are great--- but like many other folks I suffer from a terrible "No Sim Card error" when I try to make phone calls in 4G areas.  No amount of replacing the sim card has solved this problem, and neither Verizon or Samsung recognize the issue officially.I had to return the phone and get a Droid Razr Maxx, because I couldn't make and receive calls when I needed to. Extremely disappointed. Buyers beware until this issue is solved!!

love it for the buck well worth it screen size and processor speed are awesome. as I have read the weakness is the screen falling about 6 inches it has cracked the screen and now the 2nd fall screen is shattered. got the case 2 days late still recommend the phone just get good case

Both hardware and software work great.Very easy to use whether as it is or to modify to your liking

Verizon wireless Samsung Galaxy S lll works GREATIf you already have a smart phone, you will adjust to this fairly easily

This is a great phone.  Even though it has been out awhile it still packs features that seem like its next year's technology.  This is a great purchase for such a low price.

I had a crapberry and was just waiting for the right time to upgrade. I couldnt wait because there were countless times where I just wanted to smash my crapberry. I'm so glad I got the S3 because it's amazing!!

I love my Samsung Galaxy S III, I like the different things you can do with the camera. I like how when you are texting words come up to pick so you don't have to spell them out all the way.

I've had this phone for a week so far, and I have a long way to go in learning all of its features.  So far, I've really only used the basic stuff.  But I do have some comments, so I wanted to do this while they were fresh.  I'll try to remember to come back and update.Generally, I love it.  For all the reasons you already know, I'm sure.  But I do have a notable frustration.  While all the things it *does* are great, the physical design of the phone is poor, and I can't believe it got through all the testing to make it to market like this.  First, it's hard to hold on to.  It's so light and slim and curvy, it wants to slip out of my hand.  So when I try to grip it, I find myself grabbing the lock/unlock button and the volume button at the same time.  They are directly across from each other, and at exactly the spot that one naturally picks up the phone.  Also, it's nearly impossible to squeeze the unlock button without also depressing the volume button on the other side and changing the setting.  Finally, while holding the phone to view the screen, I tend to put my thumb on the bottom edge of the phone, which is where the menu button is.  Argh.  I can't find a place to put my fingers on this phone that's not pushing a button and doing something I don't want to do!  It's a real aggravation.  I keep telling myself that I'll eventually adapt and find ways to contort my fingers so that I don't continually change various settings, but I'm not really convinced.  I'm now in the process of buying a case, in the hopes that the case will impede the button operation enough to keep me from doing things I don't intend to do.I hope I do find a way around this aggravation, or a way to just stop being so frustrated by it, because it really is a great phone.

Love the phone,  it was an easy process activating it on my account. Phone is user friendly.  Would recommend to others

great phone, loved the price i got for it at Amazon, extremely out beat the cell carriers out there!!!!  i've passed on the word to all my friends and family to get their phones via Amazon.  have two friends who will be switching in the next month and will do their buying at Amazon.

This phone met all expectations. Fast, simple and, easy to use. It was definitely and upgrade from the original Galaxy S1 I had. I would recommend this phone to anyone who asked about it.

My first smartphone was a pink blackberry pearl back in the day when only 30% of cell phone users had smartphones. Then I upgraded to the iPhone 4. I had an iPod touch and really wanted an iPhone and when Verizon finally was able to have the iPhone 4, I preordered it. After using the iPhone 4 for nearly 2 years, and after seeing the new iPhone 5, I was really disappointed. It looked pretty much the same, just longer and with a smaller port. It was faster than 4 or 4s, but I still wasn't impressed. I decided to go for the S3 after reading reviews and playing with it in the store. I'm glad I did. Here's why:*The screen is a fantastic size. It dwarfs the iPhone 4/4s and makes the 5 look silly. It's a great size for viewing web content, emails, videos, photos, etc. It's not too big that it feels awkward in your hand. I have pretty small hands and I can do most things with just my thumb, though typing is difficult. But I wasn't even able to type using my thumb on my iPhone, so no big deal.*Speed: The processor is incredibly fast. I can run multiple applications at once and switch between them seamlessly. And the 4G/LTE is AMAZING. When a friend switched from a 3G phone to a 4G phone, she said she couldn't tell much of a difference. Maybe it's the LTE, I don't know. All I know is that when I've downloaded apps on the go, they download just as fast - maybe even faster - than when my phone is connected to my N-router. On my iPhone with 3G, sometimes it took FOREVER to download apps or web content and it was frustrating.*Battery and MicroSD card: The battery life is decent. I think my iPhone 4 had better battery life in the beginning, but definitely not towards the end. I was lucky if it would last the day. The S3 usually has 30-35% left at the end of the day and I play with it a lot. I also like that the battery can be switched out if it goes bad and a mircoSD card can be used to expand storage. With many phones, one must either send the phone in to have the battery switched out (if under warranty, otherwise it'll cost you) or learn to deal with the failing battery life. And with iPhones (and iPads and iPods), one isn't able to expand storage. Note that if you buy the battery with more charge, you'll have to have a different back cover and your case (if you've purchased one) will no longer fit. A friend of mine purchased the extra capacity battery and it's a little bigger so it came with an extra back cover. Her case (an expensive otterbox) would no longer fit. Just FYI.*Weight: The phone is REALLY light for how large it seems in comparison to the iPhone 4. It weighs a lot less than a friend's Thunderbolt and I think it weighs less than my iPhone did. It doesn't weigh my pants or my purse down at all.*S-Voice vs. Siri: Essentially, they're the same thing. I jailbroke my iPhone 4 and was able to add Siri. Siri has a nicer voice - it's less robotic sounding. However, neither Siri nor S-Voice are perfect. They both make weird mistakes at times. Using the voice-to-text on the S3 seems more responsive than with the iPhone though. For me, neither S-voice or Siri are essential. I have used it at work before to set a reminder (iPhone) or task (S3) when I don't have the time to type it in. The S-voice is faster with processing this as well. However, remember that I was using Siri on a JB iPhone 4, which it was never meant to be used on - the iPhone 4 processor is slower than the 4s so Siri wasn't working at full capacity on my phone.*Personalization: If you've never used Android before, you will be pleasantly surprised. I was able to personalize every inch of my phone easily and within minutes of first turning it on. Granted, I downloaded an app (GO Launcher EX) to help with this - but the iPhone only allows the user to change the wallpaper. On the S3, all I have to do to change an icon is to download a theme (which will automatically change certain icons, depending on the theme) and then long hold an icon and click "replace" and select from a list of available icons. With an iPhone, you must jailbreak it to change the icons. And if there's icons that didn't automatically change, you have to connect the iPhone to the computer and SHSH into the phone to change them. PITA.My only gripe is that Verizon won't allow users to use Google Wallet. I think this is absolutely stupid, especially since users on other networks were able to sign up for Google Wallet and get a $10 bonus. I'm hoping that the wallet app that Verizon is supporting, Isis, gives new users a bonus as well.All-in-all, I'm very satisfied with this phone. I wouldn't switch back to the iPhone 4 if someone paid me. The best part? I found a website that was willing to buy my used iPhone for $30 more than what I spent on my S3! As for all the errors others have experienced, I've never had those problems. No network issues, no sim card errors. I've had this phone since 10-07-12.

I have to say i was very impressed by this new product. I have had it for about 3 months now and every thing works like its brand new.The gorilla glass is amazing i have dropped my phone repeatedly and NO scratches so far, as far as the battery life goes I HATE IT, I would recommend to buy an extended battery for this phone.

Samsung Galaxy S3 16GB White, VerizonI upgraded from a Motorola Droid 2 to the S3 and am completely satisfied with the S3. The large 4.8 inch AMOLED screen is beautiful and it fits perfectly in my palm. The resolution is exceptional, words cannot describe it.I can use one hand/thumb to do most tasks and feel that the S3 could have been even larger without compromising convenience. I'd say a 5.5 inch screen would be the highest I'd go. The problem arises when using a holster. As a guy, I have a hard time just putting a phone in my pocket because I use my pockets for keys, pens, and my wallet, which can easily scratch/damage the phone when moving around. I don't always have a backpack or pack on hand, so that leaves me with a holster as the only logical method of carrying a phone. The Otterbox Defender has been by far the best case/holster I've found for the S3. Unfortunately, with the Defender, the S3 feels like I am hauling around a Texas Instruments graphing calculator on my belt. When calling someone, it's like I am calling in an airstrike. However, it is never uncomfortable to use. Even for such a large phone, I find myself not getting fatigued when making long phone calls. The audio quality during calls is exceptional and there are multiple equalizer/sound settings to improve the audio quality.The T9 dialing is perfect - I never understood why my Droid 2 did not have this feature, but T9 is a time saver. The predictive text and swiping keyboard takes some getting used to at first, but it works fairly well for a built-in feature. The voice-to-text input isn't bad but there are some odd mistakes from time to time.S-Voice is essentially Samsung's version of Siri, although Siri started off as an independent app designed for the iPhone and Android before Apple took them over and squashed the Android project. S-Voice is tied into Wolfram Alpha, and I find that although it is innovative, it is more of a gimmick. I can find the weather info a lot faster using the browser/weather app and the 4G LTE network than waiting for "Galaxy" to answer my question.S-beam is interesting at first, but a co-worker (who also bought a S3) and I played around with this and we both agree it is essentially a local peer-to-peer network not unlike Bluetooth or a WiFi-based LAN. It is definitely innovative, but I don't feel it is essential.The battery life could be better from the rather large 2.1 Ah battery. I was able to get 3.5 days (3 days, 12 hours and change) out of 1 charge. My daily usage pattern is auto brightness, 4G LTE, and airplane mode at night, with occasional surfing/usage during the day.The mechanical Home button feels antiquated and out of place. I never understood why Apple used this, and I don't understand its place on the S3. It should have been a capacitive soft key like the menu and back keys on the S3. However, Samsung decided to make the soft keys "disappear" when not backlit, which is annoying. I am used to the Droid 2 where the soft keys were all etched into the display. The LED indicator on the S3 is also subdued and is only visible when it is illuminated. When fully charged, the LED will glow green but it is not strong enough to bother me when I am sleeping. It's a soft and subdued glow. When there is new email or a new text message, it flashes blue. When it is charging, it glows red.The front and rear camera quality is exceptional. The front is a 1.9 MP camera that produces beautiful video during video conferences. The rear camera is the same camera they used on the iPhone 4S, and has burst mode and truly has zero lag. The flash is extremely bright and has a white color (close to 6000K or so) unlike my Droid 2 which was more yellow (about 3000K-4000K). The picture quality is really good, especially for a smartphone.The Samsung S3 does not come with a micro SDHC card, so I purchased a Sandisk 32GB Class 10 micro SDHC card. Android 4.0.4 (Ice Cream Sandwich) operates differently from Gingerbread with the respect that all apps are stored on the phone's internal memory. That means all of the apps are run off the 16GB "SDcard" and not your external SD card. When I inserted the 32GB Sandisk micro SD card, a new folder popped up "ExtSDCard" which points to the actual external SD card. Luckily, the camera app will notice this and ask to store all photos/videos on the external SD card. The apps and associated files remain on the 16GB internal memory.I ran the AnTuTu benchmark and got a score of 6885, which was run without power saver and the dual-core CPU was at 1512 MHz. When I activated Power Saver, my score was 5221 with a CPU speed of 1026 MHz. As one can see, the score with Power Saver is still very respectable. The external SD card read speed was greater than 50 MB/s, while the write speed was about 29.7 MB/s max. The S3 has a lot of processing power and it is putting my Core 2 Duo laptop to shame when accessing YouTube videos and opening files. The S3 menu interface just glides seamlessly with zero hiccups or delays.Verizon's network is the main reason why I stayed with Verizon instead of hopping to Sprint. Even though Sprint offers unlimited data (until they throttle you above 2.5 GB if you do this consistently), their network coverage is poor and their network speeds are abysmally slow. Verizon's coverage is the best in the US, and I can still get a signal 16 nautical miles off the shore of South Carolina. Verizon's 4G LTE coverage is also very good in my area, with my download speeds ranging in the 20 Mbps, and upload speeds in the 14-16 Mbps range. I get these speeds consistently using Speed Test, which means that the 4G LTE network in my area is competing against my Comcast cable internet connection. My biggest complaint about Verizon is how they forced me off the Unlimited Data plan - the alternative was to pay $600 for a new phone to keep the plan. However, from a business perspective, I understand and agree with Verizon's decision. Bandwidth is expensive and with cable internet speeds in the palm of your hand on a machine that rivals laptops, data usage goes quickly out of hand.My friend at work had some issues with her S3, but she purchased her S3 the day it came out on Verizon based on my recommendation because her Droid 2 was really messed up. She experienced random ghost calls with the S3, and the data network kept switching between 3G and 4G LTE. I don't recall her experiencing the "No Sim card" issue that others saw with their S3. I've been using my S3 for almost 2 weeks and have not experienced any of the above problems. I solved the constant WiFi notification by deleting my known WiFi networks on the phone. The negative aspect is that I cannot use WiFi to save on my data consumption with this method. I've heard theories about the No Sim error and the ghost calls, some of them recommend pulling out the battery and Sim card, but others have recommended using Airplane mode. Since I use Airplane mode on a nightly basis, this might be the method of resolving some of the network problems.UPDATE: 16 NOV 2012, there was a firmware update released over-the-air for the S3 about 1-2 months ago that appeared to resolve the WiFi Notification problem. I am happy to report that I can use WiFi at home to save on data consumption without any problems. There are infrequent problems where the WiFi somehow shuts itself off, or if you are shopping in an area with secured WiFi connections - it will refuse to automatically log into your secured Wifi network once you arrive home. I still stick with my original 5/5 star recommendation.Overall: 5/5 stars. I purchased the S3 because I hate iTunes with a passion. The verdict from the Apple/Samsung case also affirmed my feelings about how Apple conducts business. I really like my S3 phone and like the Android operating system. Samsung really knows how to design their products which includes televisions, refrigerators, and other devices.After using my S3 for almost 3 months, and my friend using her S3 for 4 months, we both still agree that it is a really good smartphone. There are 3 other people at work that have recently upgraded to the S3 as well and they're all in agreement.UPDATE 20 AUG 2013:It's been exactly a year since I first got the S3, and have to say that I still really like my phone. The battery life is acceptable, by the end of a working day I'm usually at 70-75% battery capacity. The 4.1.2 Jelly Bean update is good and most of the features/menus are starting to resemble the 4.2.2 Jelly Bean on the S4. The camera is still quite exceptional except at zooming or longer distances. The video quality is still far better than the GoPro Hero3 and Sony Action Cam. Here's a breakdown of the MP4 video specs:1920x1080P at 30 fps unless otherwise specifiedFujiFilm XP20059.94 fps, AVCHD, Main Profile, Level 4.1, 2 reference frames, 18.7 Mbps data rateSamsung Galaxy S3 (4.1.2)AVCHD, High Profile, Level 4.0, 1 reference frame, 17 Mbps data rateGoPro Hero 3 SilverAVCHD, Main Profile, Level 4.1, 4 reference frames, 30.2 Mbps data rateSony HDR-AS10 Firmware 1.03MPEG-4 Sony PSP, AVCHD, Main Profile, Level 4.0, 2 reference frames, 16.0 Mbps data rateSony HDR-AS10 Firmware 2.0059.94 fps, MPEG-4 Sony PSP, AVCHD, Main Profile, Level 4.2, 2 reference frames, 25 Mbps data rate

Loved this phone until it started giving me problems in certain areas. I'm not able to place and receive calls at my work location. Went through two phones and two sim cards - still same error. Verizon doesn't want to acknowledge that there is a problem with this phone because it acts in certain areas/towers only. There are a lot of people complaining about this issue. You can check out this Verizon forum: [...]You have to be careful before getting this phone.

I bought this phone in October, moving from the iPhone 4, after considering the iPhone 5.  I'm still of mixed feelings about the choice I made.  I run a small business and enjoy gadgets but am not a geek.  The iPhone was the first phone I had that was a pleasure to use -- if you wanted to do something, it was set up to do that -- no pressing four or five buttons and trying to remember what you had to do, in what order, to do a simple function.  My husband was a keen Blackberry user and said the same thing about his phone.I was attracted to the new form factor with the Samsung, and was persuaded by the raves of the Android fan base.On the pro side, the form factor still makes it my favorite of the phones I have used on that criteria. It feels great, the screen is the right size . . .and you get used to how light it is and get over any sense of "cheap build" rather quickly.  Android's screens are more customizable, and I like that I can have a scrolling bottom bar and put the icons there that I want.  Drag and drop is a good thing, too.  And all the reasons you don't have to be tied to the Apple world, including the proprietary chargers that change too often, and so forth.  All those annoyances are gone.On the con side:1. Android's marketplace is just not a peer for Apple for what I want.  I've actually kept my iPhone 4 to use as an iPod and to use some of the fun apps that aren't available on Android (coming up for the holidays, the Grinch Cam).  After tooling around on the Android marketplace, I realize that I just will not have some of my favorite apps on Android (no Monty Python app, no Scene It! 30 Rock app, and so forth).  I think that the Android Marketplace is like Wal-Mart -- they have basically what you need plus a few nifty things; whereas iTunes is like Target -- they come up with stuff you can't live without.2. Battery life.  Probably only lasts 1/3 as long as my iPhone, and clearly I was running more apps on the iPhone.  The issue is that, if you leave the house with your phone fully charged in the morning, you will need to charge it by late afternoon -- and that's if you don't use it much.  If you use it heavily, it will be dead by noon.  Not an issue if you have a strict routine and are always close to a charger.  It puts me in mind of an all-electric car, where you always have to be thinking of how far you have left before you have to charge it.  If the idea of an electric car's limited range bothers you, then just be aware that you'll experience the same thing with the S3.  You will be babysitting the battery all the time.  In fact, everyone I know with a Samsung phone is bemoaning the battery life and we're all sharing chargers in meetings or while visiting with each other.  What has changed for me is that now I'm always thinking about how much charge is left in my phone, and whether I have time to charge it enough to last the evening, before going out to dinner.  It's let me down when I've been out and about, whereas my iPhone was just more reliable.  I have a Google Nexus and have the same issue.  I feel like I now spend all my time running around checking and charging the batteries, and I have to have two chargers all the time because they always overlap in their need for power.  It wears you out after a while if you have actual other things to do.3. Outlook.  It's a shame this phone will not sync with Outlook, which is our company standard for email and contacts.  I had to export a .csv file to my desktop and then upload that to gmail.  As is usual in life, individual contacts across the two platforms are going to vary and one is going to get updated and the other is going to lag behind.  Having to manually do this is a supreme annoyance and a problem for a business person.  In fact, I now think fondly of having to sync through iTunes rather than using drag and drop to micro-manage my phone's files.  iTunes imported everything I need and kept it updated all the time.Additionally, the Apple texting and phone apps are cleaner and work better.  I've tried several options for texting apps, and they are just glitchier and more difficult to use.  Phone app the same way.All these annoyances are the price I pay for a nicer size and being able to customize my phone (ie, being free of iTunes), which is a nice way of saying that you have to spend a lot of time teaching it how to do things that the iPhone does automatically.  I see why geeks love Android.  Although it automatically uploaded pictures from my computer -- junk pictures for the most part -- into a file that I cannot access and get rid of.  That is the only iTunes like problem I've encountered.All in all, the iPhone is a superior device -- critical functions perform transparently, the build is better, and the apps are better.  It's like having a Maserati while Android phones are like nice SUVs.  Most of the time, you're fine with the Maserati, but once a year at Christmas, you want to haul a tree and some big presents.  Then the Maserati seems a little limited.  But it's not bad having a Maserati the rest of the year!Less of a choice in apps, inability to sync with Outlook, poor battery life: these are significant issues.  You can blame Android, but the fact is, this phone won't run on anything but Android.

Better then I expected! This phone has the longest battery life of all the phones I have owned since 1999. The screen size is perfect and it is definitely user friendly

I love my new phone. Bought one for my son also. He also loves his.  I would tell my friends about it.

I really regret switching to this phone from the iphone. This phone is super slow, has limited functioning and somehow, even with a samsung case, the screen keeps getting scratched which never happened to my iphones. I would NOT recommend this phone to anyone and I wish I could return it.

This phone is AMAZING. I haven't had any glitches with it so far and I've had it for about 6 months. I have to charge the battery every night, but what android phone don't you have to charge all the time?

I bought this phone back in November of 2012 from T-mobile and I absolutely LOVE it.  I didn't read reviews before my purchase, so I had absolutely nothing holding me back except the price. I broke down and bought it and have not had any issues with the phone at all.I read some of the one star reviews and I'm sad to see so many issues. The phone battery lasts an entire day for me unless I'm using it to play a game non-stop. The phone functions well on a very low battery.I haven't had any hardware issues with this phone. It has frozen once on me but it was due to me trying to do a couple of things at once (trying to make a call and receive one while putting a call on hold, etc.) I think I was just hitting too many buttons at one time but after I turned the phone off and back on, it worked just fine and has ever since.The phone is costly, but it does what it says and a lot more.This is my first Samsung product and I am 100% happy with it.

So i had this phone for around 30 days and had to return it. In areas where service went from 3g to 4g  or 4g to 3g calls were often droped due to the usage of verizons 2 antennas internal (3g) and external via sim card (4g). Im assuming an update for thus issue will come out but when. Also the over all power of the antenna isnt very strong compared to my previous phone and actual quailty of the materials used for the body of the phone are junk. The screen scratches very easily and the back covers paint will crack if dropped making me wonder how the phones supposed to last 2 years with new contract. I suggest going with motorola due to durability and overall strength of signal. I gave it two stars because the actual layout and screen are awesome.

love this phone. a little bigger than i thought but definitely a great phone. haven't run into any problems yet.

I have owned many smartphones. Possibly around six or seven total. This is a great phone with MANY features you do not get with any other smartphone. I am not an IPhone fan even though I have owned one...key word have. The GS3 is hands down the best phone I have ever had. It allows you to do so many different things and the speed you get from the dual core processor and 4G network is AMAZING. I have gotten up to 51meg before. Normally around 20meg consistently. You will not be disappointed if you get this phone! Don't wait any longer and get your hands on the best smartphone on the market!!

I am completely in love with this phone. I preordered mine through Verizon before the new plans kicked in so I was able to keep my unlimited plan! (Thank goodness!) I upgraded from the Droid 1, to the Droid 3, and onto the S3, and while I was nervous to leave Motorola (because of their stronger antennas, and the keyboard)I am so happy I did! This phone is just amazing. I did have a couple problems with my first one, but Verizon overnighted me a new one and it was all set.I definitely reccommend Verizon when having purchasing this phone. (As it is also available on Sprint and AT&T;) The best thing about Verizon is their network. Not only do I get coverage EVERYWHERE but I also get 4G in my area! Going from around 2Gb speeds on my Droid 3, to about 30Gb speeds was just ridiculous. My videos load faster, and webpages come up sooner.If you are a big camera person, this has an 8MP camera with all kinds of fun options. My favorites are Smile Shot (automatically snaps the photo when the subject smiles), Panorama and burst mode. It takes photos super fast so you will almost always get the photo you want. The front facing camera works great too. It's a 1.9MP so it's better than most others. (Around 1.2-1.3)Texting is a breeze. You can use speech-to-text, the on-screen keyboard, or even swype. I'm not the biggest swype fan, but it's just because I don't ever use it. One of my favorite features is the direct calling. In the settings there is an option for it, and what it's used for is when someone texts you, and you are driving or busy, you can just hold the phone up to your ear and it will automatically call that person. Best setting ever.I have tried S Beam, but I don't really use it because the other person needs to have an S3. I also never use S Voice, I tried it for a couple days when I first received the phone but it either didn't understand me or would just send me to google. I have tried it again since then and it seems to work a little better, just a little gimmicky and I don't see a need for it.The screen is just beautiful on this phone. The 4.8 inch screen is perfect, it fits in the hand perfectly, and it has a stunning display. I have bought a few cases for it, and I really prefer Elago slim fits on it. I get the snap on glossy ones and they are amazing.The durability of this phone is incredible. I have dropped it multiple times. Before I had the case I dropped it and it left tiny dents in the plastic siding, but nothing noticible (Love the silver edges). The plastic is super light, and much more durable than the metal Droid's I've had.While the battery is a problem with most smartphones, this is no exception. I am a fairly heavy data user (Netflix, games, and streaming) and I do charge it on average twice a day. There are things you can do to help, such as turning the battery saver mode on, and dimming the screen but I just like the brightness too much. I never use battery saver, and my brightness is always on max. I like enjoying the phone, not worrying about it. It's to easy to keep a charger where you're using it.If you are debating between devices this is the best on the market. Some will compare it to the Iphone, but it's so much better in my opinion. Google has way more features, and you can't beat this size and color display.

We were looking at going from Straighttalk to Verizon 2 year plan so we can have hotspots, etc.  This deal allowed us to do just that.  I will warn you that for our situation it took up to 2 days to 'keep our number', but the Straighttalk phones still had service until we were notified that it was ready to activate.  With a little patience.......for one cent, this is a deal that we are glad we did not pass up.  I am really not dissappointed about not getting a Samsung IV as, there are so many app upgrades you can run and the 16gb is a must now days.  A very sleek and user friendly phone. I actually prefer the home screen &#34;starter mode&#34; so I can have my top 3 people that I contact all of the time at a tap of my finger. VERY HELPFUL.  I had been using Samsung products for several years now (Galaxy Tab, etc.) and am very happy!

This phone is totally different than any I have previously owned ... flip phones.  I like it very much.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 Stars was I have to figure it all out and in time I'm sure it will be a 5 Star Rating.  I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a new one.

I have had this phone since it was released on the Verizon network back in July 2012. I switched from an iPhone to the GS3, and I have very little complaints about it. The one thing that I consider a drawback for it would be the battery life, which does fall short. The primary camera on this phone is excellent, and takes amazing photographs. However, the front facing camera is a bit grainy. I will say that certain features on this phone are not very user friendly, but once you get used to them it is an excellent device.

looking for cheap and easy phone repair? check out this website its not a scam just a easy cheap way to repair your phone.&lt;a href="http://7dfb17jcqetlr18718o9k8lp55.hop.clickbank.net/" target="_top">Click Here!&lt;/a>

Amazing piece of device.  Can't call it a phone because i can't make a PHONE call around my neighborhood.  I've been working w/ Tech Support for over 2 months now w/ no resolution.  What a shame.  I have Verizon Wireless as the provider.

I love this phone!!!My husband and son have the Galaxy S 4, and my daughter and I have the S III.  We are not in the least envious. We have all the feature we need, and Amazon has the best deal out there. Combine that, with the security of knowing that Amazon stands behind the purchase, and how can you lose??Also, my son's friends have compared these phone to the iPhone, and the camera is better in the Samsung, the Samsung is definitely more durable (my son like his unencumbered by a case and it has taken several drops without being destroyed). We like the Android features better. His friends now wish they had avoided the hype and bought the Samsung Galaxy instead of the iPhone.

This Samsung smartphone is the best.I love everything about it.Great design and very nice Super AMOLED display.Performance is great too.

Bought this phone for my wife.  It's her first smart phone.  Works great, very fast and responsive.  Didn't come with an SD card, will be ordering one in the future.

My teen son has this phone and he likes. Decent free phone with two year sign up. Recommend for beginners.

I am still learning what it will do.  It is so much smarter than I am.  I am sure when I get time to investigate it, I will like it even better, I went from a very inexpensive flip phone to this, so it is a little overwhelming for an old lady but I will accomplish what I want tto do with it.

This phone is fast and works great! I am very happy with the galaxy phone and the Android platform. Its very easy to use. I have had a Windows phone and didn't like it. This phone is the perfect size. The only drawback is its so light that I'm afraid I will drop it. Otherwise it's a great phone!

Very nice cell. Sleek and lightweight. It had a lot of features I did not previously with my Blackberry that I am enjoying.

This is a pretty awesome phone!!! Not much I don't like about it. Nice big screen easy to work with and easy to use!!!

This is the best phone that I've had so far. The battery is a lot longer lasting than the EVO.  The 16 gig internal storage is hardly used and I ran out of apps to put on it. All apps run cleanly and smoothly. I have tried the All Share and it did work, although I have little use for it personally. My only gripe is that Sprint STILL doesn't have 4G.

I purchased this for my wife since her Samsung Stratosphere decided to break down the day before we were eligable for an upgrade. I decided to go with Amazon for under $70.00 since going to a Verizon store was going to cost close to $150.00. We received instructions on how to set up the phone once received. Was easy to activate with Verizon. My wife loves her phone and is very pleased with everything.

This is an incredible phone. It has exceeded my expectations! Its zippy, has a beautiful screen and is a perfect size. At first, when you look at it, it seems too big but after you use it a few times you realize the screen size is perfect. It fits in my pocket easily and is very light. I actually purchased the extended battery and cover from hyperion which help give it some weight. I actually prefer that extra weight on it and the new hyperion battery now lasts double the time. I have not had any issues about the "error with sim card". That really sounds like a Verizon wireless problem and I hope they resolve the issue quickly so that more people can enjoy this great phone. I had sold my iphone 4S and was going to purchase the Iphone 5 but unfortunately for Apple I picked this beautiful phone up and never looked back. I highly recommend it as it is very customizable and a joy to use. With its big screen, I can now enjoy watching a movie or a T.V. show while I'm on the go. Get it! You won't regret it after you learn android OS. By the way, the S3 will be receiving the updated Android OS "Jelly Bean" in October. I'm sure it will make this great phone even better once the update rolls out.Edit*** Verizon rolled out an update today September 17, 2012 that fixes the sim card error reported in some of the reviews here.

While fine in the U.S., This phone was not able to make any calls for a Month while in Italy, France, Switzerland, the U.K., or Iceland. Sending texts was also not possible. This despite the addition of Global Roaming and software updates by a Verizon Store employee at my local Verizon store. A call to Verizon's customer support also did not resolve the problem.  This could be due to either the phone itself or Verizon Wireless, it's impossible and pointless to separate the two since this is a review for the Verizon incarnation.

The S III 3 galaxy was return for another mobile phone.so I really cannot rate this phone because it went back.

Still trying to figure some of it out but so far I love it!! Going from an IPhone to this android takes a little getting use to Thank you for your prompt service!!!

I ordered this phone and cancelled my order shortly thereafter when I read at the very bottom of the device description that Amazon is selling used, refurbished phones. That is a bit of information that should be at the very top of the page describing this phone. I have been happy with my purchases from Amazon in the past and find this page to be entirely deceptive and misleading. It will color my opinion of doing business with Amazon in the future. In fact, I will not purchase merchandise that is not explicitly stated to be "new" or "used" at the very top of the page right next to the price. Shame on you, Amazon.

Purchased this phone to avoid losing my unlimited data contract with Verizon and I absolutely love it.  It took all of 3 minutes to set up and activate and everything works great.  The best part - it is very user friendly -- you don't have to be a major tech geek to figure out anything on this phone.  I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a good, reliable smart phone.

This phone is much lighter than I anticipated-- even after holding it in the store. You cannot beat the price on Amazon as compared to Best Buy and even Verizon- with a 2 year contract. There are a lot of great features-- some of which can be a little overwhelming to a non-techie like myself, but overall I am very satisfied with the phone. The camera is quick and clear...the buttons are user friendly.

i loved it, i want anothe one i will tell all my friends how good this phone is i think is a good investment

Choose this as an upgrade to my old Blackberry. Didn't want to spend a fortune as compared to Iphone, or the new S4. Compared to the S4 which has some cool new features, but personally not worth the additional several hundred more. And as fast as tech becomes obsolete the S4 will be soon replaced anyway. But I couldn't wait any longer for upgrade as Blackberry is almost non supported on the web any more. I'm not in to apps or gaming due to business security, but web is a necessity. So far is great choice, web is as fast as my Ipad tablet, and with Amazon's pricing of next to nothing, am very happy.

I had one and upgraded to an s4. (see review for that phone). Got this one for the wife because I believe its the best phone on the market. For the price you will not beat what you get. I highly recommend this phone. I cannot say enough about it. For a general or advanced user this phone does it all and is very fast. You will not be disappointed. Absolsutely lightening fast shipping. Ordered on Friday morning, and got it on Monday!!!!!!

The best thing Samsung did for itself was leaving the Apple foundation.  With the S3 being the answer to the ridiculous battle between Apple and Samsung, there is nothing I like more than rubbing Apple's nose in the mud.  This is a true dual-core that operates without compromise.  It's well configured to effectively move cache, it's seamless with multitasking, and is tough to the core for something so thin and lightweight.  This is a must have... I even considered it over the S4, and I couldn't be happier.

I would take this phone over an iPhone ANY DAY. I know a lot about technology which is why I know that apple is not the way to go. I literally have been using this phone for a week and cannot think of a single downside. I have never felt this way about an electronic before. This phone is light, it has a perfect size screen, is insanely fast, packed with tons of awesome features, very customization, excellent battery life, great screen, loud sound, and comes with really nice Samsung white noise cancelling ear buds with inline mic and remote. Literally, if someone offered me a full refund of this phone to get a free iPhone 5 I would decline without hesitation. This is clearly the best phone out there, possibly the best to ever be released. Not a single con that I can think of. Recommend to anyone from business professional to a kid who wants to game. (No lag for any game I played by the way). Note: unlike apple where you need to jailbreak a device (now illegal) to get personalization, this phone gives you full access to all folders and data in the phone. Therefore, using a single app, you can put music downloaded from the internet right into the music player app. On my iPod, I need two different music apps (1 the stock one for music on my computer, 2 A downloader for internet music). Overall, you can tell Samsung wants to make personlization easy, unlike apple who makes it impossible.A note on android in general compared to apple: many apps that cost money on the apple app store are free on the play store. If you use the amazon app store, you are frequently offered deals (download a certain app get a free song). Just as well, apple headphones are mediocre and with some devices the headphones don't come with an inline mic. I was thrilled with the headphones which came with my galaxy, they were stylish, noise cancelling and had a mic and remote. This was the best experience I have ever had with any product. :)-J

First I want to start by saying that I have had an iphone since launch date of 2007, I always loved my iphone and I have bought every generation of it including the iphone 4s. Slowly I have been getting bored with the iPhone, when I saw what was coming with iOS 6 I was disappointed since I thought they where going to introduce really cool things that the OS would do. I then saw the keynote from Samsung about the Galaxy S3 and I was blown away. I thought this is what the iphone 5 should be.I ended up selling my iPhones and bought a galaxy for me, my wife and my son. We love the phone. We have had the phone for over 1 month now and its amazing. The screen is awesome, the battery life is very good for me, it last me almost all day. The fact that I can swap out the battery is great. I have used other android phones in the past and they suck, this one with ice cream sandwich just works. If you are looking for a change than this is it.After looking at the photos of what the iphone 5 is going to be like I feel I made the right choice. I don't want a phone that is just longer it needs to be wider, apple should have made it at least a 4.3 screen.The only complaint I have about this phone is that when I put it a holster it starts getting hot. Most android phones do that and I think its because since it has real multitasking the apps stay running all the time unlike the iPhone where the apps are paused.I can tell you that I can do things on this phone that the iphone does not allow. That alone was getting me on the fence. Lastly this model has 16gb onboard and I was able to buy a microsd card with 64GB, now I have 80gb. I love that the storage is expandable.

Samsung did a geat job. I am still learning how to work the phone and learning new things everyday. My only wish is, that they would go back to sending books on how to us. But that will not stop me from loving the phone, also would reccommend this phone
