
I bought this phone off amazon from another account that I have but I cant remember my login and that is why it doesnt say my purchase is verified. Anyhow, all I can say is that you get what you pay for. Do not expect a marvelous phone for 200 bucks. It is really actually frustrating to use sometimes after a few months goes by. The software starts to get a little glitchy and unless the screen is perfectly clean it can be a little unsensitive to your touch. However, it has yet to fail me and i have had it for about 8 months. I have dropped it once and it held up fine. Also, all the features function fine but the download speed is SO SLOW IT IS HORRIBLE! I simply keep reminding myself that I am saving 80 bucks a month right now compared to my old sprint plan and this phone is ok. That is it... The phone is OK. It is cool at first but than after about two monthes it gets a little flitchy and slow to react. Like I said though. It is still usable so it is not a big deal. It looks pretty sleek to though especially with a nice rubberized case that is slim on it. The phone is very light and easily fits in your pocket. I am actually upgrading to a galaxy 23 or something cause I want a better phone. Also, I am surprised at this but the GPS feature operates perfectly. I really like that. Thank god... I need my gps man.

Avoid this phone at all costs.  It freezes up and does not take good pictures.  Add a couple more hundred bucks and invest in a good phone like galaxy or I-phone

I've been using this phone for a few weeks now, the only regret I have is not buying it sooner

I hate this phone i have only had it for 4 months and the screen is gone and i am unable to use it. If i had known that i was gonna have this issue before i brought the phone, I would hvae chosen a different phone. I am all set with HTC phones especially this Htc EVO Design 4g.

I love this phone.  It has more internal memory than a normal android from samsung. I will continue to buy HTC products

Can't beat all the features for the price. Processor seems slow at times especially when multiple apps running but that's why it's not an Iphone. That said for a quarter of the price it does the same thing so it's more than worth it in my opinion. Great value for the money especially with boost unlimited, I have everything I need in a smartphone without having to break the bank!

Compared to my old android phone the charge for this phone last much longer. I was charging every couple of hrs and now I only charge the phone one time a day.

I purchased this phone for the hotspot installed in it, which works great! I use the WiFi hotspot for eight hours or more a day for my tablet while away from home..the streaming is great, as well as the internet fast.  The phone is awesome..I upgraded from the Zte Warp which was awesome as well..had some tech issues here and there but only got rid of it for the hotspot I needed. The Htc Evo is by far a better phone even though it has a smaller screen, which isn't an issue for me.  I paid 300 dollars for my phone, Amazon is selling it for 229 dollars..it can't get any better than that.

The. HTC. Is a good. Phone. But like all things it has good and bad sides. Graphic is great but the battery life not good if u text or surfs the web boost mobile can be slow at times. But overall its ok. 1-10 i give it a 7..Averge phone. HTC one is the way to go.

The phone I received looked new but it had been previously activated which cost me $13. There was some problem with the DSN which caused a million problems getting the thing a number. Finally a day after I got it after ALL this the thing stopped working, it wouldn't turn on anymore. I learned my lesson, I'm returning it and buying it from BOOST!!!! First disappointment with amazon...

i just order i love this phone im waiting mine in puerto rico i hope works great i know here only gona be 3G sprint does not have 4G in PR is the only provider in PR that do not have 4g in PR i hope they havet soon

I love the phone . The hot spot is awesome. Camera get to have both angles . Easy to shut on and off

I recently switched to Boost Mobile, so I got this as my first phone with that carrier.  So far, so good.  My only complaint is that the battery life doesn't last all day if I'm using the phone heavily (apps, calls, texts, etc).  And the screen goes into sleep mode during calls, which is annoying when I want to hang up or switch over to another call - I have to hit the wake button and usually end up hanging up on the caller (this very well could be operator error - but I'm just saying it's not intuitive, and I'm not a total cell phone dunce).  Other than that, the layout and menus are easy to use, and I love how it syncs with my Facebook and Gmail contacts.

I got this phone through FreedomPop (a free phone subscription plan company) because they made me buy it in order to use FreedomPop. Listen, it's not a horrible phone. But it's not what I would call a good phone, either.The battery life stinks to high heaven. I'm lucky if it lasts 12 hours on any given day. I have to carry around the charger by default, even if I plan on coming back home soon. You never know if I'll stop somewhere for a cup of coffee and that time spent puts the current charge over the edge into drain-out territory.Also, when the battery is low (which is more often than not), the LED indicator flashes an obnoxious bright orange, and I cannot for the life of me figure out a way to shut it off. I even tried downloading a variety of apps to help manage this, to no avail. The light is blinding. I don't want to see that thing when the on-screen battery indicator is already clearly showing me the battery is low and I'm trying to send out one last text or social media update before the phone shuts off (e.g., "Phone about to die, will be unreachable for a while, please send food and supplies.")The processing power is weak. The apps open, sure. Most of them, anyway. But crashes are frequent and operating times are often slow.So much for the bad. The good? It's a smartphone. Okay, it's an average intelligence phone. I use the apps. I have the phone. I get a good deal on my subscription (totally free if I monitor my use and try not to over-do it).

This phone has to be the best phone on Boost wireless network. The possiblities are endless. I just received my phone in the mail yesterday and I was quite pleased with its proformance. I'm huge fan screen shot and its just a an ideal feature for all the social networking sites. I'm not too good at multitasking however on the 4g signal Youre abled to download photos and surf the web. (Near huh:) I've been a customer with android for some time they've finally inhanced the notification settings for those of you stiflers like me who gotta what time of message is coming through without actually being near your phone. There a function where you go, not in your actually setting nor in each app seperately but its in one place. If your anything you wanna know if its a text gmail yahoo facebook instagram etc. I think I've aid all I needed to say, I love this phone and I think you will too. "Great phone"

But this was less than half, and does almost as much. I have come to learn and understand over the years that your phone is only as good as your service, but your service can FAR surpass the goodness of the phone. Therefore, I must say that I love Boost Mobile [for which this particular version of the HTC EVO was made]. I get great service from them, and stick with them instead of getting my iPhone with another company. That having been said, this phone is pretty nice. It has most of the bells and whistles, for about a third to a quarter the price of the aforementioned iGadget. I love it, and use it a LOT.

its an amazing phone. i can use 3g when im not near 4g connection and is still faster then my old phone even on 3g. its big enough for me to accurately type with touchscreen.

phone was great now the wifi doesn't work and i've been on the phone several times trying to figure the problem out. good luck trying to understand the person on the other end. Not one person I've talked to can speak English clearly.Also when I am talking, the person on the other end has a hard time hearing me. I have to switch back and forth from speaker for it to work only half way decent. This phone was quite expensive and I wish it would have lasted a little longer.I do have insurance, but I have to pay a hundred dollar deductible and then what??? use it for 2 more months and wait for it to happen again then pay another hundred. I had this same problem with my zte warp. People could not hear me clearly on that as well.I would love to try the galaxy but I hate to pay nearly $400 for the same thing to happen to it.

This phone takes a SIM card but wasn't mentioned in the description. The local stores around here didn't carry the card so i ended up having to get another one that i could use.

Phone ended up being defective. The only option HTC offers for warranty replacement is return of product for repair, that rep said would take at a minimum of 14 days. What good is a cell phone I cant use for 14 days?

I LIKE THE PHONE IT,S SEFL BUT I WISH THERE HAD BEEN A MANUAL TO SHOW YOU HOW TO USE THE DIFFERENT FUNCTION LIKE HOW TO DOWNLOAD RIGHTONES EASIER OR HOW TO USE THE DIFFERENT WEBSITES. I HAVE NO IDEA HOW TO USE SOME OF THE THINGS ON THE PHONE. IT NEEDS TO TELL HOW TO USE THE APPS ON THERE BETTER TOO.

By far a great no contract phone from boost mobile long battery life fast and reliable I have enjoyed it a great deal

I freakin' love this thing.  Super sleek, beautiful, sexy, and the best thing about the phone?  The amount of women it brings in.  YES.  Women.  It's like a chick -magnet-! All I have to do is whip out this bad boy, and the eyes of every woman in the room center on the phone in my hand.  Yes, ma'am.  This is the HTC EVO 4g Design for Boost, wanna come back to my place?  It's way better than funky cold medina.

Hey it`s made by HTC, performs better than the rest of HTC line up. If you can not afford the Galaxy S3 , this is the one for you.

the  WAS NOT clean i had to go through all this trouble to get that cleared when it stated the phone was brand new and now im having all these problems with the charging port.

I purchased this phone as an upgrade to my Samsung galaxy from boost that I started with and BOY what an upgrade. I have had the phone for about 4 or 5 months and I have had no problems. I browse the internet fast, upload to facebook, and I have downloaded a fair amount of apps and use them regularly. The phone is still just as fast as when I first recieved it. The HD screen is a vast improvement, videos and pictures loo amazing on it. The main camera takes beautiful pics and videos. the front facing camera isn't as impressive but does the job well, especially when skyping. All in all I give this phone 5 stars, it was money well spent IMHO and I would highly recommend this phone.

So ive had this phone for a week now, and i've encountered a few issues. The battery life sucks for me, im not on my phone often at all, and i have a battery saving app on my phone that has worked with previous Android phones. The phone has also started to lag,but i do like the layout. I have a few more days to use it but im thinking about exchanging it or just getting an extra battery.

The size of the phone is great the touch screen seems good but the sound when speaking with another person is not clear. returning this phone for another phone.

I was an HTC fan a have owned HTC since HTC started selling phones in the US.  Currently have a family plan with 5 of these phone.  Mine was well maintained but started to have problem.  Thought this was caused by the new LTE network that sprint was deploying.  A month went by and the issue was not resolved so took the phone to the store and was told the digitizer was going bad.  Called HTC (The canadian office) and was told "tough luck".  The supervisor told me she can't help me unless I am willing to pay the repair cost.  I will never buy an HTC product. Digitizers should not be going bad for a new phone like this unless the phone is an inferior phone.  Going to settle on Apple or Samsung.

The price was great 10-30dlls below any other company and the condition was new. No problems with the phone I just love it..

I bought this phone because my regular phone as well as the backup for it were dead.  I was told that I could return it in 30 days, and so... left with this phone, fully intending to trade up to the Galaxy SII when it came out.When the time came to return the phone and switch, I liked it too much.It does absolutely everything I need it to.Pros:- Great camera (though the auto white balance is a little over aggressive)- Great Audio (catches high, mid and low range well, plus the volume is not damped too much to drive bigger headsets)- Great Voice Quality during calls- Loud enough speaker phone- Responsive GUI (touchscreen keyboard & such)- Enough RAM to run all the stuff I download.- Enough onboard memory to hold all the stuff that I can't put on the SD card.  (This actually really surprised me.  It was originally one of my biggest fears and one of the reasons I had planned to take the phone back, but so far, I have never had a problem.)Cons:- Battery that comes with it never ever makes it all the way through the day.- Had to get a case to correct 2 problems:== The plastic cover on the bottom stopped staying in place after only a few days.== There was nothing protecting the glass from direct impact (no ridge around the glass for protection).- Looses DATA connection when switching between towers a lot or when switching between 4g and something else.  That might be a carrier issue though.  This only happens with data though.  I've only dropped call one time in the past month, and that was because I was in the middle of the Florida Everglades.All & all, I love this phone.

This is a great phone and by far the best phone i've ever had. While it does have a big visible screen it fits in my hand perfectly!I love the camera it is wonderful. The one on the front isn't as good but if you set a 2 second times you can easily take the picture of yourself as well.I must admit I drop the poor thing quite often :( BUT it has been holding up and doing great I bought a case and it has not a scratch or a dent on it.Its very nice and can be personalized to fit youI use ovoo on my phone and it shows up pretty clear and I have lots of fun seeing friend and family while away at collegeIt allows me to view my school work on my phone. I can open XL, Word and Powerpoints on here its pretty efficientAfter downloading the dolphin browser this thing is unstoppable and does things VERY fast.I just love this phone and actually decided to get this over an iphone. I personally feel iphones are over rated and this phone is better. You can expand the space by upgrading the memory card. While it doesn't have Siri you can still download a VERY similar app with a different name. I am also able to use and access emoji's on here as well. My email comes right to me.Its just a great phone and my bill is $40 a month you can not beat that anywhere

Simply I put in my sim card from my mobil carrier in Guatemala and works at the first time without problems, then I set up my gmail account, my contacts and emails appear, very easy to use, I install all Angry Birds games and the performance, sounds and graphics are great. I love this phone.

Very happy and satisfied! It arrived 3 days early which was great! The description said it was like New and it was New. The only thing you could tell was touched was the box and WHO IN THE HECK CARES! The phone was &#34;NEW&#34;! Iv only had it 1 day and tend spend some time EXPLORING&#128515; I had the same phone from Sprint when they first came out with it years ago and CAN NOT see any difference except the &#34;PRICE&#34;!  Thru Sprint it was a little under $600 and now thru Boostmobile I paid $94.94...&#34;DO THE MATH&#34;&#128561; Needless to say I'm VERY happy with this PURCHASE and this PHONE! THANK YOU&#127881;&#127881;&#128522;

Out of the box the phone is good, but with a few tweaks... the phone is great !!  A great screen, nice size, and excellent build quality. I'm pretty sure the bad reviews are from those who thought this was a $300 phone for $185. If you can live with a single core processor this is a very good phone for the money.

I ordered two HTC Evo design 4g phones, recieved them on February 13th, they worked fint until Monday the 18th, and I tried using my phone and it said account cannot be validated. So I tried using the other one that I ordered for my Mom and hers said the same thing. Was on the phone with boost for over an hour that day, they tried every reset they could try, then told me to wait 72 hours for a phone call from their engineers, engineers never did call, so today, February 22nd, I called them, they tried everything again, and still nothing. They have no answers as to what the problem might be, because they to, have no idea. So, it must be the phones themselves, I have paid $384.38 for these phones, protective covers and cases, not to mention 55 bucks worth of minutes on each phone, and have not been able to use them for almost a whoe week?? Is amazon a rip off?? And can I get reimburssed the money for the phones, I would rather go to wal mart and feel safe knowing that I am not paying for a DUD phone.

Not big enough not what I had expected but it will do because a new phone was needed so its fine

Phone works well with Android 4.0. Fast speed for loading etc.. Not a bad deal for the price. Would buy again

Great phones when you travel to mexico inserted TELCEL sim card and works either side of the border. Absolutely love it!

I could have not made a better purchase,very advanced phone and real easy to understand and phone was just like new.

Some of the Android apps I like aren't available on this phone. I am definitely warming up to this phone!

This phone is for my 15 year old son. He loves it. It is fast and he has had not problems with it at all.

I love this new phone HTC EVO 4G it is much nicer than i expected. I would recommend this phone to others

I bought this phone for my boyfriend to upgrade his old phone and he says he loves it. Says it takes great pictures and everything. He loves it. I would recommend the seller to everyone, I was very pleased

i bought this phone for my daughter who is a android fanatic. This by far has been the best present she has recieved. i especially love the fast service...

the reviews that i saw on youtube and such seemed like the phone was faster than the phone really is but not by too much. It is a little smaller than i thought but i do have big hands. I tried to use the mobile hot spot and could not get it to work, have contacted boost and HTC and neither knows why. I broke in the batter correctly and have gotten about 8 hours of use average so make sure you buy a back up battery bank or a car charger through out the day. The Phone fell out of a whole in my pocket into snow while i was snow mobileing lucky i found it pulled it apart and put it in rice for a week and put it back together and it has worked perfect ever sense that was about  a month ago. All in all it is a good phone for the price.

This phone sucks.  I bought two one for me and one for my husband.  I have had nothing but problems with both phones.  I had to buy a new battery for both within a couple months and now one won't charge at all.  I am always very careful with my things and this phone didn't even last me a year. Junk!!!!!!

The HTC Evo 4G is simply the best phone i have owned, its very easy to use, its fast, its great. Whatever i choose to do from making calls to the UK (very clear and crisp), to loading apps (very fast to load), to the sound quality of radio and music i am more than pleased and show it to everyone who all are very impressed. The rear camera has face recognition, takes great pics and the video is easy and uploads fast to FB. I used mine for a month and enjoyed it so much i got another for my girlfriend! Dont waste your time thinking you have a great phone, just buy this one and then you'll know you have a great phone. Great job HTC.

I'm really not sure why other people are having complaints with the HTC EVO 4G Design Phone. Now, I've never used an IPhone and this is my first really good Android. I have had it about 8 months now and I love it! The only complaint is that the download quality of music stored isn't that great. The bass sucks. I only really notice it when I wear headphones. (Only reason I gave it 4 out of 5 stars.) Otherwise, I like everything else about this phone. I've never had a problem with the battery life. It lasts the longest in comparison to all the other phones I've ever used. My HTC Evo got broken (by human hands, not technical) & I loved this phone so much, I bought the phone again which I had to get here on Amazon because now it's hard to find in the stores. Good for the price. I love mine! & the shrinking payments are great! I'm only paying $50 currently for the EXACT same amount of unlimited service I was paying Sprint previously for $80 a month!

the phone is very operational, due to the obvious dent in upper right corner and small crack in upper left dark screen area. it was not in the condition described.it had been dropped before.

i had the blackberry curve, blackberry style, the lg marque and now the HTC which so far is the best and the fastes phone ever!  i get around 5 to 11mbps with the 4G network!!  highly recommended, you won't be disappointed.  Love boost mobile with unlimited everything and only $40 a month!!

Have yet to experience any problems with it. Great phone. Not much issue with the battery, but not a heavy app user.

I purchase this  Boost HTC EVO phone for the 4g and Hot spot to be used with the Galaxy Pad.  My friend had what I thought was the HTC EVO, but his was much bigger than what I purchased.  Major Problem for me is that the font and applications were too small, and you could not enlarge them.  I had it the largest settings and the font extremly too small for me.  I am 54 and my eyesight is that of a person my age.  We need reader glasses.  I could never use the phone without using my reader glasses. This phone may be good for the person with 20/20 vision, but not for those with bad eyesight.

It's a great phone, don't get me wrong. I bought it as a cheap upgrade from the Galaxy Prevail, and at first, I thought it was the greatest phone ever. I didn't start using it heavily until about a month in and that's when I started noticing the faults. First, the battery life is a bit sub-par. Lasts about half the day before I need to urgently seek an outlet. Then, I noticed to doesn't really run all the games I want it to run, which that big of an issue because I can live without them. Another fault I felt was pretty significant was the speaker and speaker volume. When watching netflix on my phone, unless I have headphones, I eventually give up watching. The speaker is on the back, which makes it very diffilcult to watch and listen good at the same time. Also, some apps (like netflix) don't pump out a great deal of volume, which in combo with a backside speaker make it near impossible to enjoy. One more issue I had with the phone is that there's no way to remove HTC Sense. I started growing tired of the same lock screen and app screen, and I just wanted the stock Android 4 UI.Other than that, the camera's are great, the touch screen is greatly responsive. The speed is great, and the body looks great. Definitely a great phone if you're looking for a decent android phone that you won't use too heavily.

sorprendente muy buen telefono lo recomiendo no es tenido problema..super bueno muy bonito buen precio fasil de entender gracias ..Boost mobile

I bought the HTC Evo through Boost Mobile.  I thought it was an excellent phone, but couldn't get a signal at my house.  I reviewed the coverage map which indicates a good signal before I bought the phone.  Just about every call I made from my house, inside or outside, was dropped.  I called for technical support and was walked through updating and resetting my phone.  I was also told that the tower servicing my area was undergoing maintenance.  The maintenance completion date came and went, and my phone signal was still terrible.  I could pick up my phone, see all signal bars highlighted, and immediately drop to NO signal.  I called for technical support again.  Once again I was walked through updating and resetting my phone.  The signal was no better.  At that point, my case was elevated to receive "engineer" support.  I called technical support  back a few days later.  I had not heard anything back from engineer support, my phone wouldn't work, and my 30 day warranty was about to expire.  I wanted to return the phone & needed a RA number.  I was told by a young man with a thick accent that I could barely understand that I would have to call on Monday as that office was closed on the weekend.  So I called Monday and was told that my 30 days had expired.....NO KIDDING!!!!  I was brushed off & strung along by technical service until the warranty expired.  They don't tell you that you can't arrange for returns on the weekend.  BEWARE!  They have customer service 7 days a week except on the weekends.  Now I'm stuck with a very expensive phone that I can't use at my house.  DON'T BUY FROM BOOST!  Engineering support responded a week later to tell me that nothing was wrong with my phone.

this is like the phone zach morris used on save by the bell. i am used to a samsung,and compaired to that this is junk

My past few phones have been Samsung and I've had problems with all of them. I'm glad I found the EVO! It has a decent size screen and allows for 4G (admittedly I never even have to use it though). The forward facing camera helps me Skype with my family on the other coast.A word of advice though, make sure you have a 32 gb or more SD card in this because it starts to act up if the memory gets too low with a smaller card

very easy to use and super fast. have not tried the 4g yet. great sound and best of all, the battery holds a charge very well.. the only downside i've seen so far is when using voice text, it censors your message.. i cannot figure out how to turn it off.. overall a great buy

The phone is very good and I appreciate it very much I am very thankful for it thanks very much bye

loved the phone when I first purchased it. then it began giving me problems and for close to 200 I was not happy that it last about a year and half . the camera stopped working the internet began moving slow when it did move . at it was brand new I purchased a used one recently for 80 here and the same issues. I don't know if its the phone or the service has me ready to leave boost mobile

No matter what I tried to do on this phone, it would always have to load a function or application. . .  it performed really really slow. . .  I am not satisfied at all, wish I could rate it no stars!  Although I did not appreciate the phone and would never buy a HTC again, I will still return to Amazon for future purchases . . .

It was good, but after less than a year, it got stuck in a bootloop that nothing could get it out of (even doing a hard reset didn't work). HTC's website was broken and my email never went through.Ended up buying the Motorola Moto G as a replacement. I'll review that once I get going on it.

As soon as I started using it, it would turn off everytime I had it on for more than 25 seconds.  It's irritating..I've had it looked at, bought a new battery, nothing worked.  I hate this phone..I absolutely do NOT recommend this product to anyone!!

This phone's graphics are amazing! I have been having some challenges with it getting stuck in a &#34;refreshing&#34; mode. I had to reset my phone a couple of times. I had to contact HTC, but this is now the world of cell phones...they just are NOT MADE TO LAST! I'm hoping to hold on to this one for a long time.

I had the original HTC Hero when Android first came about and I really enjoyed the phone. Afterwards I moved on to the Samsung Captivate, which is a Galaxy S phone. When the time came to upgrade I decided to drop the contract and try out Boost Mobile as Sprint has awesome coverage in my area. The Evo Design 4G met the price range I was looking for as I couldn't afford the higher end Galaxy phones and I had a good experience with my original Hero.When the phone arrived I was immediately impressed with the build quality and the way the phone felt in my hand. Wow! I couldn't believe it. It was a world of difference to my several other pre-paid phones and my wife's dumb phone slider, even my Captivate. It feels solid in the hand, without feeling heavy. The semi-rubberized back of the phone does not feel slippery in my hand.My wife has a regular slider phone, and she is not a fan of smart phones at all. After having the phone for three months and constantly bragging about it my wife took it from me and loves it. She brags to everyone around and loves the phone more than I do.Everything about the phone has been excellent from radio coverage to speed and use. The GPS has nearly instant locks and the apps that use it, bike apps and such, work great. I'm not much of a gamer on the phone, but the few I play work as well as my Galaxy S. The camera rocks, and my house is very low light, and video is equally impressive.I do have two complaints. The back of the phone gets a little hot after serious use, but cools off quickly. This hasn't been a serious issue, but is something to consider if you plan to spend a lot of time using the phone without a headset or bluetooth. And the second complaint is the Amazon Appstore App is absolutely useless. Not really sure why, but it is extremely slow to use, to the point I lose patience and give up, whether on Wifi (fast cable here) or the 3G network.Best phone I've ever had, hands down.

I've had this phone for about 4 days, and its a massive upgrade from the Samsung Transform Ultra, thought I do miss the physical keyboard.Make sure when you personalize to check out all the different themes to download. The "Chinese New Year" theme is amazingly beautiful.There are a lot of options to customize this phone to exactly how you see fit. The only thing I suggest on EVERY Android phone is downloading an app called "Handcent" which lets you customize your text messaging program on all levels. I set custom text tones/vibrate patterns for anybody in my life that is important -- this means I know when I can ignore my phone, or when I should really look at it.It is a little slow if you're used to faster Androids, but if you're with Boost and don't have the Galaxy S ii, then you're not. Its few short comings (FEW!) are worth the $150 savings.HTC is genius and put comfort and style into the appearance and functionality of the phone. You can't go wrong with this one, trust me.

I just purchased one of these phones from boostmobile .com and its garbage. I mainly got it for the hotspot feature but that function works horrible. The phone feels cheap and is very slow when it comes to the processor speed. I was using a boost phone that had 4G LTE. This phone uses 4G Wimax which is only 1 mps vs. 6-9 mps on 4G LTE. A BIG difference, trust me. I'm now going to purchase a used Samsung Galaxy S2 to see if that's any better?Save your money- you'll be glad you did!

A bit overpriced for a phone of this quality, but that's just me being nitpicky. The first one I received died within about two weeks, but Amazon's awesome return policy shipped a replacement to me in about 1-2 days. I was willing to give the phone another chance and perhaps I had just received a defective one, or something of the like. Well, currently I'm writing this review ironically two weeks past the date of the replacement and it no longer works. I'm being overly gracious with the two star rating but it did do the job when it functioned properly, so I thought I would at least give it that amount. It is not worth the time nor the money if it is only going to last under three weeks.

Love it!!! works great...great dea!!!I bought this for my bf that is on boost mobile...and its a great upgrade to what he had. His ph bill did go up 5 $ a month cuz of the upgrade but its worth it to have more memory!  He loves it!!!

good i will buy one for my daughter i realy love this one so if u need a good phone buy the HTC EVO 4G OK

The only thing I don't like about this phone is that the task bar doesn't light up.  The other thing is it doesn't hold a charge for long.

I am new to these kinds of phones but this one seems to do everything I need. Enjoy learning all the features and loading apps that will help me with my travels.

Thank You ever so much!  It was like christmas for me-all over for me and the expectations felt good,i'm rating the overall service: (10)Thanks Again!  Jkines

Bought the phone for my father-in-law,  when he went to boost to activate it, it turns out the phone had a bad esn number. Don't buy!

never got phone got an,got an open bag with nothing! wasting my time, and i got&#34; &#34;cases&#34; for it as well cant give them back

I remember when I got this phone three weeks ago & I really want to LOVE it but I only end up only liking it. I remember when this phone first came out & I wanted this phone so bad but I couldn't  afford the $300 price tag that it was originally being sold for so I ended up getting the blackberry curve. It was good until I started having service problems. Then boost mobile gave me a 50% percent discount & I chose this phone. After heavy anticipation, I finally got the phone. After playing with the phone for the three weeks I have had it for, I must say it's a bit lackluster. The Internet can be a hit or miss at times. For 1.2 GHz, I expected it to be faster. Some apps run smoothly while some lag heavily. Texting is a breeze. Calls are average. Not bad but not extremely great. The camera is a bit of a disappointment. For a 5 megapixel, I expected better. However there are things I do like. I like the touch screen. For the most part, it is responsive. I like how I can customize my wallpapers. Downloading apps is pretty fast. Maybe I'm just being a bit picky but for a phone that cost $300, I expected more. The phone is a huge step up from my blackberry curve but only by a slight margin. If I were you I would wait until this phone is under $100, buy it used or get the samsung galaxy II. This phone cost too much for what you get. Not hating but just telling it like it is. 3.5/5.

I had the ZTE Warp and that phone acted up a lot but I love this phone and so far so good. I would order from these guys again.

The only thing I would change would be the battery life.  I get kind of annoyed that I don't use it throughout the day and it still doesn't last until I get home.

My husband paid $230 for the same exact phone at Radioshack! I wanted the same phone, but I didn't want to pay that kind of money. Found it here on Amazon for $70 cheaper! Awesome phone, 5mp camera was enough reason for me to upgrade. And you can't beat Boost Mobile's unlimited text,talk,web starting at $55 a month!!

good phone. has not frozen when using apps, good processor.  smaller than i imagined, but expected size was expected. great and bright flash

The phone screen was too small for a person such as myself who has very large hands. It did not have the memory capacity I expected

Phone is one of the best phones that boost users can have. It has a fast processor, takes great pictures, and is very reliable. The battery lasts pretty good, and I have not had any problems with it. Recommended to all!

My new phone is amazing there are apps that I never had before it took me like 2 weeks jus to get use to it but overall the service is good and the phone is wat I been looking for... Thank you

Great phone. Brand new and in package. Loving android already. Especially the plan that boost mobile has to offer for service.

No, I didn't buy this phone through Amazon or online anywhere else, I purchased my phone from a local dealer and after reading the reviews I'm not sure if it's the battery or if it's the phone. I had this phone for about 8 months and won't stay on now, at first it was slowing up, freezing and not dialing out right away, it went from doing that to coming on and shutting off every-time I turn it on, it doesn't get pass the white HTC screen just cuts right off!Now I have money loaded on my Boost Mobile account as if I gave them a 2 month donation...hundreds of dollars wasted!

I've being using this phone for a week now, it's an incredible phone for the price, fast and very fashionable, people just keep asking me where I got it, especially the females. Its about the same size of an I Phone and it looks like one too.Crisp image and lots of features, really like the Hot-spot option when you have your laptop and want to access the web on the run. I really recommend this phone if you want to save money and hate bulky phones that wont even fit in your hands.

I purchase for a friend and she seems to enjoy her phone very much, states her e-mail come in and no call drop

I love it...great phone...awesome speaker system...my baby loves how the games look and sound...I will definitely recommend this phone to others that's looking to buy a Boost Mobile Phone...

Love my new phone!!!!!!!NO PROBLEMS AT ALL! WAITIN ON MY PHONE CASES TO ARRIVE!!!I RECOMMEND. THIS PHONE GIVEN IT 5STARS SO FAR!!!!

I am truely enjoying my new phone.  The price I paid for the phone was great compared to what the company was asking.

Like the phone simple yet full of features I'll never use but if I wanted to I could it was ready to use right out of the box.

As this is my first so-called smartphone I am completely blown away. I'm still learning all that it will do. The touch screen is large and bright. It switches from app to app quickly and even in 3g loads web pages quickly. The camera works well. I,m very impressed.

Went from a flip phone to this one.  So far so good. I'm from the stone ages and am still learning. Good thing that I have a teenager in the house to show me how it works .  :o)

Would like a loner lasting battery, but it has many excellent features.I would buy it again. I like it

Quality is great, runs awesome, the camera quality is better than expected. I would recommend for your first smart phone.

I ordered this phone for my gf... about the third phone I order for her, the phone works great, so far they all have. As long as is taken care of it will work fine.

The phone is nicer than most of the other Boost phones. It doesn't crash or restart by itself like the prevail or warp. My only gripe is the battery life. It definitely doesn't last as long as my other boost phones. I have to keep a 2nd battery in my pocket. Be prepared to charge a lot, other than that it's great.

My daughter loves the new boost evo 4g She said the internet is mcu faster and the camera takes great pictures. I bought the phone on amaon a few weeks before christmas and got a better deal than I ever could have got at boost mobile store itself ,bestbuy etc.

i bought two of these.  one for me and one for my wife. we have had no problems with this phone.  it works great.  to make your experice better and keep it working at tip top performance.  i recommend getting a cashe cleaner and an advanced task killer.  i restart my phone about once a week too and it runs smooth.  battery life is good.  i have to recharge it daily, but i let it get low and charge it when im sleeping.  so i never see interuptions in battery life.  the only time it dies quicly is when i am in an area with no signal (inside a building at work). so it is constantly searching for signal and it kills the battery.  i just put it in airplane mode until i get to a better place with signal.  i also use wifi at home so it uses less data and battery.  we are verry satisfied with these phones and recommend them to anyone wanting an entry level android.

horrible phone...had to many dropped calls. and my area where i live gave me perfect signal. good for taking pics and such.

I have owned this phone for 3 months and I'm getting rid of it very soon. It has disappointed me greatly. Although the internal storage is great, I have at least 43 apps downloaded in addition to the bloatware it came with and plenty space left. The back camera is awesome and whats best of all about it is that it has the best speaker quality I have ever had in a Smartphone. My kids watch Netflix on it and you can hear it LOUD and CLEAR without having max volume. I also have to admit that I have rarely had an issue with it completely freezing or shutting off prematurely. I have only had to pull the battery once since I had it and it has only restarted on me twice in 3 months. However, even with those good qualities it lacks speed seriously. The single core processor is very apparent. It often lags very badly even with just swiping through my screens. Worst of all the call connection is super slow. It's not Boost, I have never had this issue with my other Boost android phones. I literally sit there for nearly 10 to 15 seconds sometimes waiting for my call to connect and go through. My husband has the same phone and he has all the same issues I have. I have to actually look at the screen again to make sure it didn't hang up. And nope! it's still sitting there waiting to connect the call.Also, I download pics people send me and they take days to show up in my gallery. I can find them in my SD card but not in the gallery. Then several days later, there they pop up!The lagging and slow call connect I can no longer deal with. I am changing to a faster phone with a dual core processor. Oh and the front camera is very poor.The phone is also smaller then previous 4" screen phones I have had, such as the ZTE Warp and also the Motorola Triumph. Maybe it's just that it has a less square shape and slimmer width. But it feels small to me in comparison. I would not recommend this phone if speed is important to you. I fear if I had an emergency I would be long dead before my phone would get around to connecting me to 911. I'm at least glad I didn't pay the $300 for it when it first came out and only spent $179. Maybe I can sell it and get a fraction of my money back!

I had gotten confused and thought that I had purchased this phone for another cell phone carrier, so I unfortunately, had to send it back.

This is so far, the best phone I've ever had. I'm an apple guy and I have a macbook pro, but I've just had the hardest time trying to justify paying $500-$600 for an iphone. Truth be told, I'm a rudimentary phone user, calls, texts, email and directions, a game or two, but I do the more techy stuff on my mac. Good phone, can't say anything bad about but the battery life. Even with the HTC One out, I don't see a reason (for me) to upgrade ( I don't subscribe to 'a new phone every 6 mos' crowd) sorry!

Excellent phone with alot of features.  Fast!  Boost mobile plan is fabulous!  I recommend this phone and plan for everyone!

Excellent phone for the money.  Quality screen, quality feel.  Good camera.  Decent processing speed.  Battery life could be better.  Would make the same choice again.

This phone is excellent, you can't go wrong with it.The reception is great and is clear and sharp. I have had other phones not as good over the years.Resolution is excellent and clear and just as good as the iPhone.Nice camera, I use it a lot.I don't have (Boost Mobile), but instead have (Chit Chat Mobile) which uses the same Sprint system,but is much cheaper only $19.95 per month for unlimted talk and text. For their phone go to:HTC Evo Design 4g BlackI was interested in Boost Mobile, but why should I pay the extra for the same Sprint service.

Perfect, very good. I loved this phone in original package and everything. Definetely pleased with my purchase perfect rate on item.

1)  You need to know your area.  I used Boost Mobile in Colorado Springs, CO it was horrible.  I used it in Denver, CO, it is just as good as any other carrier.  The phone was not the blame.2)  We are in a minimum two device era.  I attempted to use this phone for multimedia purposes and it was horrible.  You will not be able to use the device for more then a few hours (if that).  So I deleted everything down to the bare minimum while running advanced task killer (INFOLIFE).  No joke I get over 12 hours of battery life.  Remember I am only using as a phone. Talk, text, and light on navigation & internet.  I use my tablet for everything else.*With these two factors in mind. This phone is the best phone on Boost, until the Galaxy S II comes out.  Yet, with a 300+ price tag, this phone is worth a look.

First of all-- the things that first impressed me coming from the Samsung Prevail:MUCH faster downloads.Web pages load much faster.phone operates must faster.finally--able to get rid of the icons for stupid apps I don't use anyway.Finally able to REMOVE stupid apps I dont use anyway.Came with than half of the stupid apps I never used and couldn't remove from the prevail.Screen is significantly  bigger (taller) even though phone is only about 1/2 inch tallereverything looks better on the much better screenversion of gmail is good, not totally aggravating to use as in the prevailstill can use any of my mp3s as ring tonewas able to just swap the old mini SD card from my old samsung and all the music and photos and their folders transfered over no problem.Sound is much better than the prevailtouch screen is much better than the prevail.easily transferred over acct at the store I bought it at (although I've done this before online and it was also very easy to do)Still have my TRUE unlimited plan at my low shrinkage rate.about 1.5 gigs of memory on the phone, with about 1.1 gigs free space when you get it out of the box.  Prevail would run out of memory when I had a lot of text messages, especially with photos--lame!Plenty of CHEAP accessories like cases and screen covers all over.regarding reviews on cnet etc.  They weren't too impressed. But its 40-50% cheaper than all the other new 'smart phones,' so what do you want??Obviously they're comparing this phone to everything NEW that is out. If you have a 2 yr or older phone, I'm guessing this will be a huge upgrade for you as well.  So glad I swapped.cons-a few things aren't as good-- browser doesn't seem to let you clear the address field with the "x" like the prevail. Had to delete manually.  maybe I haven't figured out the right way to do it yet.Not an iphone(?)  but also for one month of fake "unlimited" with ATT/Verizon/etc, you can pay for almost 3 months of REAL unlimited everything on boost.

It came whit problems on the keyboard that u use on the Internet it disappears when I try to type something

The phone is ok but the battery life is lower than advertised. Boost Mobiles coverage can be hit or miss.

After lots and lots of research, I went with with this phone and Boost. So far, so good. Phone number was ported within two minutes, and I was up and running. The phone so far has been amazing. It's not particularly intuitive, so I downloaded the entire manual to be able to take advantage of all it has to offer. There are LOTS of features I would not have known about had I not read it.

I am absolutely in love with this phone. got it with in 2-3 days .. Package was hidden inside my door so no one could steal it. absolutely love it

I had the original HTC EVO 4G for two years, and was among my favorite phones.  This wasn't a hard choice to make when buying the EVO Design.  Upon getting the phone I noticed big and improved changes in design.  The EVO line is still my favorite!

is freaki I lov thi this fal this ph this phon is the bom all da all day long :-

LOVE THIS PHONE!!! So big, so bright, so slick! I switched from ST because those phones are made cheaply. I had to wait to buy a case for this phone because i've seen so many backs for this phone, I wasn't sure! But its great! CAMERA IS AMAZING! Service is GREAT!!!

Phone works great... only downfall is that it is a 4g phone and where we live we do not get 4g service.

Great phone. I can see it and hear it which is a major improvement over my last one. People complain about the battery life but if you turn off wifi and bluetooth when not using, the battery lasts all day. Very easy to use, big screen, takes great pics and video.

The phone works great! It's a very fast fantasic phone,but the screen is to small for me and hurts my eyes to look on the web.

Great smartphone.with great features, including the 5 megapixel camera. The only downside is it only comes with a 2g sd card; Maybe a 4 or 8g would be more sufficient. Android is easy to use with all the features it has, and not hard to figure out at all. Battery life is pretty decent, as I'm constantly on Facebook, playing games or texting. So a full charge actually carries me all day, and battery charges up quickly.

I really like this phone.It's the first android I've used and it works great. It takes some getting used to but pretty easy to figure out.

I bought 3 of the htc evo 4g and had a problem with 2 of them 1 just would not receive calls and the other sound like a walkie talkie the other worked just fine waiting for the return of them from htc

I HOPE AMAZON WILL NOT LET YOU SEL ANY THING ON HERE NO MORE HOW ICAN YOUS THIS PHONE IF IT DDES NOT COME WITH ANY THING AT ALL I WILL BE CALLING MY LOWER

finally 4G speed for a boost phone.The phone is bigger than most of the boost phones but it is not near as big as the Galaxy III.Prosquality feelFaster speedsNice HD screennewest android systemnot a ton of bloatwareGreat fast focus cameraConsBattery (same as most androids)2gb card comes in phone pretty small by todays standards!After shrinkage only $40 a month,  no complaints here!  watch for a $229 price....NOTE:  WHEN you switch to this phone clear all of your voice messages on your old phone.  the new phone uses a new service so you can't get your old message and you may crazy or binge drinking trying to get rid of the "phantom" voice mail notifications.UPDATE****  Found no way to fix the voice mail issue.GOOD LUCK

This phone work so good. I just love this phoneits the BESTphone the boost has on the networks LOVE IT

This was a HUGE step up from my "basic" phone...one that I didn't think I needed to take but I do love it!My husband kept trying to talk me into an iphone and I think this is just as good as his for a lot less $.

I have heard wonderful things about HTC, I also feel that maybe it's just this model that has created such havoc for me It constantly freezes,mid call.and the only way to end the call is to actually remove the battery. I reset the phone atleast 5 times a day because of this. I am continuously getting app messages that state the app is not responding. apps that came WITH the phone as well as  a couple of others. I have done a factory reset, on more than ONE occasion mind you and still I have seen no improvements.Save your money, save your time, and definitely save your sanity, because this phone is an absolute nightmare. As soon as possible, I will be going to a different smartphone, and it MOST definitely WON'T be an HTC.

Best phne n the world rite now...not iPhone n e number!!! I would recommend this phne to n e 1 n the market for a new phne

I can't compare this phone to any other - this is my first smartphone.  But I'm sorry, these smartphones nowadays can't compare to the old flip-style cell phones when it comes to reception.  And this phone did live up to that expectation as far as the reception.  I was ready to return when I took off the plastic case - and WOW, what a difference.  I was on my way to the mall to get a new phone after having this one for 2 weeks, but when I got a call while at the mall it was so clear, so crisp - and ever since, all my calls have been so much clearer with the plastic snap-on case removed.  Use this phone "as-is" - no plastic case.  I'm loving the apps and still getting use to all the features.  When I'm at home I still use my land line because I think the reception is still better than any smartphone.

Bought this phone (used) a few days ago and set up a new account with Boost after being with Verizon for the past 10 years.  So far I am EXTREMELY pleased with this phone and Boost's service! I live in a very rural area and I have had no problems with getting a connection with this phone.  Battery life has been pretty great so far, apps run smoothly, web browsing is quick...unfortunately I haven't been anywhere that has 4G yet, so i have not been able to test that.  Even though it is not a top of the line smartphone, it does it's job very well at a reasonable price if you are looking for a pre-paid phone with Boost! I highly recommend this phone!

good for the price and does everything i need for a smartphone to do.  blah blah blah blah blah blah

I loved this phone it worked so well and was fast...for about 5 months. After about 5 months it started breaking down on me, first I couldn't hear anyone talking unless I was on speaker phone, then it started kicking me out of apps then finally the battery started dying very quickly I tried to send it in to have it fixed but HTC would not do it because it was a discontinued phone! I will never buy another HTC!

Better than prevail in everyway. Best phone ive ever used. Super speed even on boost mobile. Stream movies instantly! Highly recommend

I had an iphone 3gs on att (constant drop calls), samsung ultra transform (awesome phone, not 4g), Lg margee (Great phone, better reception than the ultra transform, good camera) and finally I got the design 4g ( Love the new ice cream system, the camera is one of the best, the 4g is great, so great much to say about the phone.

Bought this phone to replace a broken transform ultra and its eons better good sound quality fast processor but it slows down if you are running multiple apps at once screen is bright and responsive love it love it love it

It worked fairly ok for a while (three days) then, every time I touched anywhere on the screen it would start to flash rapidly and not stop till I shut it off.  I had to return it.

Overall I was satisfied with my phone but the charger port is damaged. Shipping was fast and easy. I was able to find a case to fit the phone perfectly.

This is my first smartphone.  I've had it a month, and I think it's made my life easier where I'm more on top of things, faster...ie my calendar, email, overall accessibility. I don't know if it's a little slow sometimes bc I'm expecting the speed of my pc, or if its my carrier...I don't know.  It's a good phone though, I'm happy with my purchase, and I say good bc I liked my primitive not so smart phone before, I just felt like I needed the convenience that a smart phone offered.  I'm still trying to figure things out.

Love everything about this phone have no problems and with it. Was packaged great and was brand new. Love the Price as well.

I thought this was going to be the answer to my prayers but the hearing and talking aspect of the phone is horrible.Everyone complains they can't hear me.On to number two and see what that one will do.

charging port went bad a week after I got it.. this is a common problem.. great phone but useless when dead which it will

Wooooooooow been waiting & waiting for boost to come out with the evo ! I have the warp but have just ordered the evo & love everything about this phone can't wait until I receive this amazing phone ! Thanks boost keep bringing us great phones & great deals & low monthly bills :) :) up date !  received this  writers boost u really  out did yourself this phone I H O T  H O T & this seller  cwr enterprises is amazing fast shopping & great  phone at a amazing price  ! Thanks  cwr enterprises I will shop with u again your a 5 star seller :)

I would have rated it a 4 to 4 1/2 had 1)- navigation not been slow and, 2)- battery needs to be recharged too often.

Fast phone, everything i need. The screen is beautiful, and it fits in the palms on my hands. however, like most android phones, the battery life is not what i expected. But overall i like this phone plus the shrink plan on boost is great!

I luv this phone so much. I upgraded from the ZTE warp and let me tell u the difference is mindblowing. Have not had a problem with ne apps forcing close or with my phone freezing.some people have complained about the battery but mine hasn't died on me yet. I've had for a month and I am very satisfied. I am also a huge HTC fan Ty boost and HTC for a great phone and Ty amazon.

This was my first smart phone, must say I'm not phone savvy, but this phone is easy to use and the pictures come out great.

Needed a more up to date smart phone for my wife and didnt want to spend 300+ for it. The display is excelent and HTCs UI enhancements are quite useful. The camera works but has difficulties with the white balance while in automatic mode (manuallying setting it works fine).

worthy phone u cant go wrong...from the solid outter finish to all the internal goodies!..its a stable, productive cellular. dont cheat yourself..treat yourself. & im coming from an struggling ZTE warp &#34;SEQUENT&#34;!...no 5 stars because of the battery life. waiting on my 1930 mah battery & cant wait.

Awesome phone and awesome (Boost Mobile) service. Nice size, bright screen, snappy performance and exceptional clarity of phone conversations. I've also had no problems with the battery. It seems to be sufficient for my use.

I've had this phone for 5 weeks, upgrading from an HTC Incredible (which I loved but it's >2 years old and showing signs of its age).Boost's website says I should have a good signal at my house - I get 1 bar that cycles on and off, and I've had several calls dropped. Also, people on the other end have been complaining that my phone is cutting out badly. When I'm at work, I'm in a better area and I get 5 bars and good call quality. Also, Boost is not fully compatible with Google Voice.Today, the phone got stuck in a boot loop. When it did boot, it locked. I had to do a factory reset (vol up + power), losing my data (well, whatever's not backed up to Google automatically).I called Boost and waited about 10 min on hold for a person obviously not in the United States to immediately transfer me to a different area that promptly gave me a recorded message that they were closed. When I can get through, I will be trying to return the phone. Interesting that it went on the fritz just over the 30 day return policy. I hope they do the right thing and take it back.The phone does have quite a bit of lag, and it was reluctant to connect to 4G (and 4G speeds weren't very good, even in areas where there was supposedly a good 4G signal). I can live with lag, and I don't use that much data, so I can live without 4G. I CANNOT live with reboot loops on a 5 week old phone + disconnects + choppy calls.If you buy this phone, make sure you're only going to use it where the signal is the strongest.

I love this phone! I got it about a month ago and it was one of the best purchases I've made recently.  A friend of mine has a Galaxy 3 and this phone does just about as much as hers does. I would recommend this phone to anyone that wants a smart phone, but does not want to pay the smart phone price!

This phone died shortly after purchase.  I also had other friends complain with the same experience.  I had no indications the phone was going to die, it just turned off and won't turn back on.

This is a great phone it has a hotspot just like the galaxy 2 none of the new LTE phones from boost has it. The only thing you have to do is upgrade your phone most people forget that once upgrade the phone work's great. Get a good case like otterbox very good will protect your phone from drop's. 7/28/13 I have talk to boost customer service No LTE phones coming anytime soon with hotspot.So this phone is it HTC evo design 3G/4G wi max still good for less then two year's of use on 4G thewn after that just 3G but hotspot will still work. Not bad for 50 bucks a month.

crap. memory card never works. gotta keep taking it out and putting it back in. i faught with it for a hr to listen to 45 seconds of a song. waste of $$

This is the WORST phone i have ever had. It is CLEARLY pre-owned! Everytime i sit the phone down on a hard service it SHUTS OFF!? Wrote to the company over a month ago and still have yet to receive a response smh...So i have just learned to sit my phone down on soft surfaces when its not in my purse! This is a Damn shame....never will i EVER purchase another phone off of amazon.....

I bought this phone for my cousin and he loves it to this day.  He has had no problems and loves all the features.  Hopefully Sprint will launch LTE soon in my city, then the phone can be put to its maximum use.

There was no sd card, the battery low charged or life after charged 100%. Overall the phone work and was in good condition.

I absolutely love love love it.  Best xmas gift ever!  I did a lot of research before hand and im glad I did.  only thing I dont care for is the battery life but what phone battery lasts now a days anyways.

The htc evo design phone is awesome. Quick response and a very fast phone. The phone offered great  features and the interface was pleasant to navigate. It is a very solid phone, and the build quality is great. I would also like to mention the seller, wiseup electronics, was great. They had expedient delivery which I was very impressed with and any issues that arose and questions that I had, they tended to immediately. I would definitely order from them again and I would recommend them to others. Wanda

Stopped working before I even had it for a month. I even bought  a brand new battery thinking it was the battery, but it was not the problem.  The phone just won't power on.

I guess I've been using this phone long enough to post a competent review.  I may miss a few items, and some of the technical features or fixes to bugs are above my modest level of smartphone knowledge.CALL QUALITY, LOG, & CONTACTSVoice quality on both ends is average. It may be enhanced with a good headset.  The speakerphone is terrible **weak on a call or audio playback.  The call history log is virtually limitless. Typing on the numeric virtual keypad, the phone bank searches for the full ten digits in the call bank or contacts. The keypad can be hidden by tapping the icon in lower left corner. During a call, the screen locks while pulled to your face and unlocks when extended away.  Contacts can receive multiple labels, specific ringtones, be blocked or routed to voicemail and organized into groups.  Save your contacts to microSD as VCF files and send to your next Android.  RadioShack and other stores also have devices that assist in address book transfer from phone to phone. Customize ringtones to contact assignments from factory music app.  Voicemail has a feature that saves your messages to the [voicemail] system and your phone's audio records.  The voicemail notification on my phone is buggy because I checked and deleted all my messages but still get notified of a phantom voice message.  I have lost data after two factory master resets to correct this.  HTC offers a PC suite for backing up your device which I have not yet installed.INTERNET 4G/3G, HOTSPOT, BROWSERI was attracted to this phone for the 4G hotspot feature. This allows me the typical benefits of a smartphone plus internet for my other devices as needed.  I encountered a snafu with the 4g after about two months of ownership, however. The server redirected me repeatedly to Clear Wireless's website.  I didn't know what was wrong.  I contacted Boost technical support complaining, went through all the code entry motions, and even did a couple battery removal boots.  Same deal: no 4G service--but 3G still worked where available.  Boost deceived me regarding the cause of the 4G blackout.  Finally they told me after all the time I spent calling them and troubleshooting my phone that they are blocking customer 4G once they reach 2.5gb usage until next billing period.  So I thought I could save my 4G for when I needed it, just using 3G.  I used 3G mostly all last month then attempted to turn on 4G. My 4G was blocked again. Boost never told me that 2.5gb in either mode would cause block.  They claim that they grew faster than anticipated so high use customers are being blocked in 4G mode... while 3G is unlimited.  If you go to Settings>Usage you can set a warning to notify you of data usage in a specific billing cycle.  However, it does not distinguish between 3G usage and 4G--which is actually moot for any purpose other than how much you're being ripped (in 3G) because 2.5gb reached in either mode means no more 4G.  This is the highest price I've paid for a cellular so they'll need to fix their network with the quickness or else. The hotspot feature costs an extra $10 monthly and works well. Save time by turning off and on from "Quick Settings" in notifications bar. The Design factory browser is okay but lacking some basics. Touching the url address bar does not highlight full field. You may have to tap again, click "Select All (text)" then enter your new web page if not in your bookmarks.  Zoom magnification is a pinch or double tap of your screen.  Your bookmarks can be added to one of your seven home screens with url icon. Also, factory Task Manager doesn't completely kill tabs, windows, and browser history. You must do these manually if you don't have an app like Task Killer to do it.CAMERA, DISPLAY, BATTERYThe camera on here is satisfactory. The pictures are crisp and in low light it makes an outside snapshot taken at 7:45pm dusk look like it was taken at 6:15pm without flash.  The flash can be turned off or left on automatic. Turn the phone horizontally for panoramic videos and stills. I think the weird vertical snaps are only good for tall structures. Its picture file size is 550-800kb--just over half the memory used by my 5mp Nokia.  Pics may be edited (e.g., cropped) or renamed inside device. Shutterbugs, be advised that there is **no lanyard hole for your wrist strap or necklace. The touch display is sharp for my taste. In low light though I like my screen dim to save power and vision.  There's a widget containing brightness but once you go up you'll have to tap Menu>Settings>Display>Brightness to bump brightness all the way down again (unlike Samsung's single button five brightness levels).  The battery on here is decent.  Mine stays on intravenous because of all the features.  Low signal reception drains battery on any phone so airplane mode is available if safe to go offline.  Unlike my Nokia, Bluetooth is not possible while airplane mode is turned on.  You'll need a wired headset to continue music playback.GOOGLE MAPSThe GPS is improved with each update.  While it is not integrated, the GPS uses the accelerometer now to get you to a destination when cellular reception is lost.  Just stay in the Maps app or in background; otherwise it'll forget where you are located. The speech recognition (speak destination) is one of my faves when I can't type. One prob I have is avoidances.  You'll have to tap Menu>Settings>Route & Alternatives each trip to avoid toll roads or highways. It doesn't simply memorize that you wish to avoid tolls by default.  Another feature missing is "not my destination" nor can you add places per my knowledge.  The screen brightness must be adjusted manually from Settings (per my knowledge) or home screen widget.MUSIC, BLUETOOTHI put a 59gb microSD in mine, so my storage capacity is stoopid.  What I dislike about this phone and my old Samsung is that it mixes AMR files and other audio like podcasts with my music.  I could be bopping my head one minute to a music file, then a tinny ringtone or voice note comes on.  The only way to fix this is by creating playlists. My Nokia separates AMRs from MP3/WMA and podcasts from music. An old Motorola used a file's folder to determine its library. Naturally, this is a nuisance for me. As I mentioned earlier, the external speaker is very weak for music playback too. Your only hope is a quiet environment or an amplified headset. The bluetooth file transfer wants you to confirm acceptance of files... even from trusted sources.UII still like the grey Gingerbread keyboard better than this ICS keyboard, but I'm getting to learn it.  There is a daatkom button on there for some fields and speech recognition button also.  Sometimes I have to change orientation of the device because the accelerometer causes the phone to freeze by not allowing scrolling to a new field. I'm impressed with the copy + paste text feature as it is very accurate. Another bug it has is its jumpy, bad shot cursor. **When editing or deleting text, you may have to highlight it for cutting because simply pressing backspace may delete other text in the field. So, the cursor will pulsate at the spot where you want it but the text being deleted is in a different paragraph or sentence. Selecting the undesired text will keep the cursor where you want it.**  Adobe Reader is not pre-installed. You'll have to download from Play Store. The alarms, clocks, and timer features on here are nice and dependable.  I haven't even scratched the surface yet but there's a stopwatch, food (culinary) timer, and world clock. The alarms can be programmed for days of the week, calendar dates and other scheduling. This phone is unique to me because it has a SIM card slot near battery.  So even if your card doesn't function in GSM mode, you'll at least have a spot so it won't be lost outside a device. Both the SIM and memory card are kept under battery compartment cover--not hot swappable.In conclusion, I recommend this phone in spite of its flaws and newly restrictive, always difficult-to-reach carrier.  Hopefully Boost will lift 4G restrictions and improve their tech support and client communication in near future.

Amazon got is here quick. I am coming out of a Blackberry. I do miss my blackberry but after I learn this phone I'm sure I will love it just as much.

I have no problems with the phone. It is the best android phone i have ever bought and it's the best phone i have ever bought online.

The phone was a little smaller than I thought it would be. However, my husband still likes it! He has not put it down since he got it!

I've had two of these phones now.  As another reviewer stated, customer service through HTC is *horrible*.  They will make you go through every step even if the only realistic answer is a hardware failure.  After all that, they inform you that you have to *pay* to ship them the defective phone, and you will get it back 2-3 weeks later fixed *if* it is defective.I could not bring myself to do this - why?  Because 2-3 weeks without a phone is outrageous.  Second, the problem is that the 3G antennae appear to be damaged easily, but not 'completely broken'.  Both phones had great reception when they first arrived.  They had DRASTIC reductions in coverage after being dropped.  This is dropping without noticeable damage in the outer shell.  I'm sure HTC would have sent the phone back either saying that it wasn't damaged (since the 3G technically still worked, and therefore it must be my 'area of coverage'), or that it was my fault that I dropped it (which may be true, I suppose... so don't get this phone if you ever ever might possibly ever drop it more than 6 inches).I think another reviewer's problem with reception even though it was stated online that he was in a good coverage area might have just been a defective 3G antenna upon arrival.  If the box got dropped or shaken too much in the mail, it could damage the 3G antenna.4G worked the same before and after dropping occurrences, but unfortunately I could not rely on 4G to get me through since it isn't in many areas yet.  Also, text messages don't seem to go out on 4G, only when 3G is active (maybe this is normal, I'm not sure).As far as the rest - Boost coverage has been much as it was while I was on Sprint (they do use the same network after all).  The phone itself is sleek.  It seems to have poor RAM memory (this is my first smart phone, so take that as you will, but I expected better speed and reliability).

The phone was/is in perfect condition. It got here on time and we had no issues setting it up. Clean ESN just as stated. The phone it's self has a hardware issue, my only complaint is the charger port is a cheapy (obviously not the sellers fault). But other than that this was a fantastic buy.

I purchased this phone last month for my husband for vday and he loves it. I'm happy i bought this for him. The only problem he was having was the automatic wifi which is killing the battery life so we have to find a solution for that, other than that it works great.

Before this, the only other smartphone I ever owned was the Boost Samsung Galaxy Prevail which is anemic in comparison.This phone is very stable. Call reception is slightly better than my Galaxy Prevail but there are occasional dropped calls on the Sprint network.The 4G coverage isn't as complete I thought in the Chicago suburbs. I don't need it in the house, but when I walk around the neighborhood there is no 4G even though it shows up on the coverage map. The 3G wireless, however, is better than the Galaxy Prevail. Pandora goes from one song to the next pretty quickly. Podcasts stream quickly. When I am in  4G territory which is pretty frequently when I drive around the Chicago Metropolitan area, my web experience is very good.The camera is great. I like that there is enough internal memory for all of my apps.Battery life with everything on is poor. I keep the phone plugged in a lot of the time. I'll probably look for apps that help maximize battery life.Voice commands and voice to text work fantastically.One bad experience that I'd like to touch upon is the case of a phantom voicemail icon or a voicemail icon that wouldn't go away.This is from not deleting all messages on my previous phone. The only way to get rid of this is to1) take your previous phone or preferably a non-smart phone and to switch your account to this phone2) leave yourself a message3) delete this and all other messages4) switch the Boost service back to your HTC Evo Design 4GThis got rid of my problem. I sought help with this problem from Boost, and none of the many, many things we did helped including deleting my voicemail account and reprogramming my phone.I really love this phone, but of course with all of these caveats, I cannot give it a 5 star rating, but this phone is too wonderful despite all the negatives to give it a three star.

it didn't work at all and it was a used one. i went to boost mobile and got a brand new one. now i know never to buy a used phone

Boost Mobile announces,Samsung Galaxy 2S 4G on September 06,2012 Ice Cream Sandwich out the box,available colors black & white oversized 4.52-in screen dual cameras 8MP & 2MP front facing camera dual-core 1.2GHz processors and it records in full 1080 HD! I'm so getting this phone Boost Mobile has come along way...

This phone, prior to the Samsung Galaxy S II, is the best device on the Boost network. Having owned several phones after switching to Boost over 2 years ago, this is first Android device to come to Boost that makes you feel like you got your monies worth. At nearly $100-140 cheaper than the Galaxy S II, I am sure you will not be disappointed with this device. Overall the Galaxy S II might be a more powerful phone (however poorer screen), but upgrading any previous Boost phone to this HTC will make you feel like you have finally stepped into the 21st century.The most impressive feature on this phone is the screen. The resolution is awesome making for an ultra-clear viewing experience.Performance... this device can bog down to the point it is annoying, however this occurs rarely and can be used as an indicator for you to restart the phone. This is simply done by holding down the power button and then selecting "Restart" from the menu that appears. 95% of the time this device runs smoothly and efficiently.I run this device all day, on wi-fi, and still have plenty of battery at the end of the day. In reality, you could go 1.5 days on this phone with minimal use and still be fine. With heavier use, such as surfing on your phone for 2-3 hours and playing 1-2 hours of Sprinkle (great game BTW), will drop the battery level to the point where it might need to be plugged in an hour or two earlier than normal.

I started off with the samsung galaxy prevail for my first android phone and this is a major upgrade in my eyes. It works great has a lot more great features like the front cam and pic effects. I really do love this phone and I recommend this seller!

UPDATE: Wow!!!! worst phone I have ever had :):):). Just looked at my call records and I called my In-Laws at 11:30 pm and left a message that lasted over 3 minutes. WOW!!! I wonder what I said? I wander what they heard? Did I wake them?HTC is on the job for you!!!!!I have never had such a outstanding phone that makes random calls.I love it. I love it. I love it. Can't wait for the "While I'm sitting on the POT." App to come out. This way you can make phone calls while I'm going to the bath room too. By now so you don't miss out on this great phone. Order now and you can call your Mom while you... She changed your dirty ... as a baby and probably is still wondering how our movements are working. This phone will allow you to keep her updated every time you...God bless HTC for really thinking though their random dialing system.Old Post:What word best describes this phone? HATE!!!!!!Harsh? Yes, but honest.I give it 2 stars because it is a phone. It does do that.But here is what I hate about it:1. Battery life. Short, very short, can not go more then a few hours off charger. I have extra batteries for when I am not in my car or at the office or at home. If I go out for a few hours I run the risk of the phone dieing do to battery life. To fix this, I have an extra battery with me always just in case. Note, the phone is just on. So no music, no web searching, no calling, no movies, no texting, the phone is just on. That is it.2. Will not sync to computer, Windows 8. Downloaded HTC Sync, but will not help. Just says "No Device Detected." I found a few posts with others complaining the same thing. Phone will not sync. There seems to be no solution.So again here is the problem. You  can't add movies, can't add photos, can't add music. What fools. And you can't say the old 90% of computer problems are operator malfunction. Blaaaa!! There is no programing required. You should be able to just hook it up and follow the pop ups. The computer shows it as "Removable Disk (D:)," but you can't access it. Thank you HTC, Google and Microsoft and who ever else had there hand in this pile.Note, I realize I can blame M.S. Windows, but even though it is a Google phone, much of the software is licensed by google from Microsoft to make the phone work.How did I find this out? I asked a friend who works for MS and he told me. That is why the phone, although a Gooogle platform feels and works like a Microsoft product. It has some Microsoft inside.  Odd bed fellows in deed. So who do you blame? Me for buying this joke I guess.3. Ring tone changes often. Now this is odd. your ring tone will change about every other week or so. The funny thing is that you are not expecting it, and you just sit or stand there thinking it's someones phone, and it is yours. There you are while others are looking at you as if to say, "Aren't you going to answer your phone?" I have to admit it is kind of funny you looking around to see who's phone is ringing.4. Crashes often. Need we say more on this one. Or it just reboots for no reason other then it's junk. Also programs just crash. Again we all see this one. We do not need to go into great detail.5. Camera quality is bad. Again, we all know what a bad photo looks like. Do not plan to take a lot of them with this phone. Dim lighting is the worst. You will still want a second camera for those special events. It's ok to make a photo of your Craigslist item I guess. But skip the B-day party.6. Makes random calls while you are sleeping. This is my favorite. You go to sleep with the phone in the room. You make a noise in your sleep, and the phone is still listening and thinks you want to make a call. So you wake up to the sound the the phone calling someone on your contact list. Yes it's 3am and you are calling your boss, client, mom, favorite pizza place or who or what ever. I have learned to put the phone in Airplane mode every night to keep it from calling people at 3am. What a piece of junk. Just goes to show you they don't test this junk do they. No it's lets get it to market as quick as we can and then blame operator error. Ya, nice try dumbies.Anyway, now you know why I hate this phone and just had to vent.Thank you for listening.P.S. Why do tec people think they are so smart? Well get over yourself. We know the truth.

It was a good phone thank you Amazon for the phone but it's was a nice phone this was my first HTC EVO phone I have

I recently purchased this for work.  Long story short I needed a cheap way to get internet to a remote office that I worked at.  Cable internet in my area was $70+ a month, the boost hot spot thing was $50 per month, the phone (I paid $199) added only $10 a month for a hotspot.  So within 3 months I will have made the investment worth it.  Also the phone, when in 4G, using hotspot, allows you to make calls with it while continuing to use the internet from your attached phones.  Not the case in 3G though.  This phone is sleek and everything seems to work well.  Great volume for earpiece and speaker phone which I use a lot.  I am sure battery will be an issue, but that's what the charger is for.  I currently also have an HTC Incredible 2 (almost 2 years now) and have been extremely satisfied with the Design so far comparing to the Incredible 2.  Thank you HTC for another great phone.  You have a repeat customer and when I upgrade my personal phone (Inc 2) I am already looking at the HTC One.

This is the best phone that boost mobile could offer for android phones. Makes life easy with its hotspot offer, yes that's a extra feature but it's worth the extra10 bucks a month.

im very pleased with this phone, but bad battery life and bad front view camera other than that good buy

HTC EVO is great google play applications, try free hotspot wifi application free cost bills and video chat (video phone).  HTC EVO is great stars rate.

Has met my expectations. Its fast, no sluggishness (unless signal is not strong), and does all its suppose to. I would recommend. I'm partial to HTC.

things which i like is its Screen Clarity and Camera quality.Little Disappointment in Battery as it drains very soon.Things which i liked to be improve is More Battery Efficient and then this phone is the greatest in middle range device or of course  more than that.

i love my phone. lots of memory and the screen is big. takes great pictures.the quality of the phone overall is great.

My Samsung Galaxy Prevail made it maybe a year. The HTC Evo Design 4G is huge improvement in many ways: Speed, memory, ice cream sandwich, front camera, surprisingly large screen for the size, much better rear camera, and a load of features that include turning on the speaker by turning the phone over. It does everything I want. But one thing convinced me to go with this phone instead of the Galaxy SII 4G: the clever and sturdy rear panel. The Prevail and the SII both have very cheap plastic rear panels that pop off if the phones hit the floor or another surface from as little as two feet. The batteries also fall out. On the SII, it's difficult to reattach the back securely.On the EVO, the back panel isn't just sturdy and substantial. Only one small segment at the bottom opens. Once that nice textured piece slides off, another piece has to open before the battery will come out. The microSD card also gets extra protection. It goes inside the compartment, which allows access with the battery in or  out. It cannot be accessed from the phone exterior.This elegant design overrode any otherwise more exciting S2 Epic Touch 4G features. HTC real-world design is miles ahead of Samsung at this point.

The HTC EVO Design was a very good phone LAST year, for the reasons given in the numerous "Five Star" and "Four Star" reviews.  But, Sprint/Boost has begun the process of shutting down the Wi-Max network, which only reached 20% of American homes at its peak. Without a Wi-Max signal, the EVO Design reverts to Sprint's 3g network, which is, by far, the slowest 3g network in America.Sprint is putting its resources into its new 4g LTE network, which will reach 70% of American homes by November 2013. And, Boost Mobile has  begun to introduce new 4G LTE phones for its new network.So, Boost Mobile customers who want REAL 4g speeds and want to be on a 4g network that is growing, not one that is shutting down, should be looking at Boost's 4g LTE models.

I bought this phone when it was $350 plus and would have to say it has the worst battery life I've even seen in a smart phone plus the 4g isn't that fast.

bc the phone came with multiple damages the camera doesnt work it shuts off,it gas water damage its wack,waste of money i brought another not interested in amazon

head phones doesnt work on any head phone device, im so not happy at all gonna return it n got with some other company

Great phone but screen use will kill the battery in less than one half hour. You have to carry extra batteries around.

My evo was recently broken,so with a heavy heart I say to u order this phone .Never gave me any issues.

The battery life on this phone is terrible. When registering this phone with boost mobile found out this phone was refurbished..and I payed for a NEW phone, NOT refurbished and the numbers on the phone never matched up when they tried to activate it.. It was a frustrating two days just to get this phone activated. NEVER AGAIN WILL I BUY FROM THIS SITE.

This phone is ok. i paid 100$ for it used only 2 scratchest on it, the charger that came with it is wack. No manual it was extreamly simple to figur out its a simple android. The processor is a lil slow so I downloaded Adw launcher and now its running fast.. It wouldnt let me take a pic without an sd card so i.jus orderd an 8gb. The shipping was quick got it from the mailman within 2 days. I upgraded from the Rush  phone. I dnt see the hype why its a 300$ phone. Look into improving the battery life.

Hi everyone. I've been using BlackBerry's all my life, from Verizon to Sprint and then finally to MetroPCS's BlackBerry. After two years, I decided to try an Android and this is, in fact, my first Android phone ever and I love it. After being in so many contracts and paying so much, BoostMobile offers a reliable service with 4G in most places. If it's not 4G then it's 3G, which it's still fast!Anyways, here are some few things that might help. Buying this phone on Amazon.com is no different than buying it through BoostMobile.com. Sometimes, if you're lucky, you might find the price of this phone on Amazon a few dollars cheaper than BoostMobile.com. Other than that, it all comes the same. In it's original packet. It's like you bought it on BoostMobile.com.Also, if you're a new customer, you would have to pay the first month upon activation, which for this phone is better if you get the Unlimited Monthly Plan one. No activation fee. You can do it all online, which it's great!The monthly fee is cheap. $55 for unlimited EVERYTHING, which it's great as well.The phone is nice. Screen is great, the phone works great and it's a good phone. I do recommend getting the phone. Yes it's a little pricey at first, but you will save throughout the years!!Hope this helps!

I would love this phone if the phone worked properly. I've had this phone for a little over a year and returned it to the manufacturer 3 times. The first time was about 6 weeks after I had it, it just completely died. Black screen and nothing after a couple of hours with support and nothing worked, I sent it in. The second and third times that I returned it were because the people on the other end of the line can't hear me talking. There's a lot of static and jumble whenever I talk. It hasn't been fixed and I continue to have the same problem.  I like everything else about the phone, but no one wants to talk to me on this thing.

This phone was crap! The phone service and his amazon company that sold it. It doesnt take phone calls at all people have missed me for days having to call me at work to talk to me. The signal is horrible, dropping calls in winston salem and greensboro. The back pieces just fall out of it, I had to buy a case just to keep it together. Battery life was horrible. this phone is sitting in my room not in use for 2 months now.

I always wanted the HTC evo design 4g but it was too pricey for me. But when I discovered amazon They had what I wanted at a adorable price I purchase an HTC evo from amazon used But a little nicks on the top of the phone But that's nothing a case can't handle! Other than that like I said this phone is awesome,great camera &4g!

Quick to learn and set up. Love the big screen and easy touch. Has lots of memory for apps. Thanks.

I ordered this for a friend as a gift and he loves it. The screen is brilliant, the size is great and the processor handles very smoothly.I am a bit of a phone nerd and would reccomend this to anyone who wants a simple, fast, great phone.

really like the phone easy to use apps download fast . Just hate how long it takes to charge. I have to turn phone off to charge it n usually it takes over night to be fully charged but lasts nearly 9 hours.

I got this phone to replace an HTC Droid Incredible that I got in late 2010 and used for over two years, the only other Android phone I can compare this to. Compared to the Incredible this phone is not very good. The Incredible, even after 2 years, was about as fast as this brand new phone is now. This phone is very buggy as well, it often lags when switching apps or going to the home screen from an app, which my Incredible never did. The longer I have it the more weird bugs/glitches I notice. The EVO's processor is only slightly faster, and it has only 4GB internal memory compared to the Incredible (released almost 3 years ago now) which came with 8GB. I don't know what I was expecting with this phone, but now that I've had it for a couple months I'm just not impressed, for the price it should be a lot better. I guess I thought Android 4.0 would somehow override the crappy HTC Sense it comes with, and it would be a vast improvement over my old phone which isn't the case. The screen and cameras are nice, and the phone itself is sturdy. I also like that it is dual 3G/4G capable. I do like Boost Mobile very much and in my area their service (Sprint) is better than what I had so no complaints there.I would recommend waiting until this phone is $99 or less to get it, that's about how much it's worth.

This phone is the slowest phone i have ever had i was so frustrated with it simple actions like flipping though the menu the phone would be slow to do text messages icon would take least 10secs to get into the menu i in my entire life never had a phone this slow this has got to be the worst phone ever made
