
i bought two of these phones and they suck I paid $196.00 for two of them and now im  trying to sale them on the street to get my money back but once people see them up front they will offer me $60.oo for both of them it took me 14 days to get them shipped to me after I purchased them so I could not return them because it was already past the return within 14 day policy they have  so with all that said there worth $30.00

I am a prior Iphone three times user. This  android phone runs circles around it. It is much bigger does much much more and it did not cost a fortune to purchase.. I am very pleased with its performance and would recommend it to a friend.

I bought this phone for my daughter and she could not get 3G. Im sending it back and getting credit of some sort.

The seller was great as well as the phone. Had mine working in 5 minutes after I charged the battery.The first thing you need to do is set ENGLISH as the language if thats what you speak. Otherwise everything is in Chinese. There are sever web sites on there from China and you can delete them. Google shows up in the China version but all you need to do is change the ending fron .CN to .COM same for Yahoo.Phone quality is clear and crisp. Camera works better than most others I have seen. I would recommend that you install a mini SD card and put your downloads on it rather than taking up phone memory.Phone is thin compared to an I phone. Battery is easy to get at and you will get 2 batteries , a cover and an installed screen protectoe if you get the expidited shipping. It is only $14 plus you will get the phone in about a week.All the features work very well but the TV is useless in the USA. Manual comes with it but it could be a little better but you can say that for most every phone.I would get another one like this if I needed it and would recommend it to anyone that wants a bigger screen and doesn't want to get sucked into another 2 year contract. Once you put in the SIM card you are good to go.I was asked  which supplier I purchased my phone from, it was the Super Saving Store. I hope that answers your question.I have had this phone for several months and still think it is great. I did want to add some additional information. The phone is a knockoff of a Samsung, has almost all the same features and looks like a Samsung Galaxy BUT , Samsung Galaxy batteries will not fit this phone. I keep my phones for a long time. I did get a second battery with the phone but figured I should get a couple more just in case one went bad. I found that the batteries for an N8000 , which this is, are available from DHgate.com for about $12.00 for 2 including shipping. Takes about 4 weeks to get them but now I feel better with extra batteries in hand.

I ordered myself & daughter an N8000 SMARTPHONE for christmas and her screen is cracked and mine is cracked also but mine is cracked from top to bottom if the screen protector wasnt on it it would have fallen apart.  Just payed out a lil over $400.00 for both together.  They are VERY thin phones and cheaply made!!!

The phone that I purchased has technical problems. When I make a call the phone turns off completly, also its not responding to wifi and the sim card its not being read at all.  I'm really dissapointed with this service. I am frequent customer at Amazon and this is the first time that this happens. I need this issues resolved, thank you.

I purchased this phone for my daughter and it doesnt even work...it didnt come in the color I choose...the screen isnt 5in...and Ive requested a refund and Im having a problem there as well!!! very dissapointed!!!!!!!

The phone looks great but there were problems. The proximity sensor was broken so the screen would go black whenever a call was made or received. I could not hang-up, or turn on the speaker phone or use any other feature available during the call. Lastly, the analog antenna was broken so I could not extend it to aid in reception. I had no plans to use this feature but it was defective right out of the box. I am now waiting for a response from HD-Designs to find out if they are going to take the phone back. I don't believe I will ever buy a product directly from a foreign manufacturer again. The time frame in dealing with them alone is enough to make me think twice about doing it again, no matter the outcome of this problem. Buyer beware.

I bought 2 cell phones from this company and everything is ok. It is a good company.Thanks for all!!!!

I just wanted to say thank you.I was actually surprised when IOpened it.I honestly was expectingThe phone to be as nice as it was.

Big Screen Phone :). The Screen Is Amazing. Besides A Few Minor Things Its Almost Perfect. It Came Quick Also (only 7 days from Hong Kong). I Only Wish It Came w/A Front Case Because If The Phone Drops The Screen Will Bteak.Btw The Seller lolbuy Has Been Very Helpful & Replies Back To My Emails Fast.

I received my phone two days earlier and I absolutely love it if you want a great phone that is fancy and not all that expensive here you go I recommend this, I'm a college student so its great for me to do research on the go and to access blackboard to check into my classes, the only flaw is when your in a call the screen goes entirely black and it pops on after a few shakes but other than that its perfect.

i wanna buy it but i dont know what the phone is called so im not takiong a risk and goong to get it!

This phone is cheap. Camera is very bad, battery drains quicker and turns off by itself almost every hour. dont be ignorant and buy this because you will regret. save ur money

I love the phone for now and for the price I think it is worth it. I hope I will use it for a little while.,I am going over sea so I have to see how good it work there.

I thought this phone would suck since its a blacklist of the Note 2 but in all reality its just right. It may be big but its perfect. No problems at all. Works great :) and kinda durable. I love this phone better than my iphone. Give it a change i did and i do'nt regret doing that.

Pretty good phone. I intended to give this phone to a family member as a present. Fell in love with the phone and decided to keep it for myself. I am amazed by the processor speed and the phone stability. I thought i would encounter frequent freezing and other malfunctions but this is not the case. Screen size and color features are amazing. Compatible with almost any new app including Skype, Fb, Pandora...etc.The only thing that i do not like about the phone is battery life. Playing games and other streaming media will quickly drain the battery. I also researched online for a screen protector, so far not fortunate to see one.

Tried this very odd off-brand phone and ended up returning it and spending money on a brand new Galaxy SIII from the T-Mobile store. Other than being too big for my preference and having random bugs here and there, the biggest issue was that whenever I would try and make a call, the screen would immediately black out and disable all of the buttons until the call was complete. Since I couldn't actually end the call without any buttons, either the person on the other end had to hang up or I had to remove the battery. Very dissatisfied with the product, though the customer service was good and they gave me a full refund including shipping.

This phone has been great for the the 3 days I've had it so far. The only reason it does not get 5 stars is that the glass is NOT gorilla glass. That is a concern because it means you absolutely must have a screen protector the minute you pull it out of the box or it will start getting scratched.  Other than that an amazing phone.  The coworker that has the galaxy note this is so similar to is a tiny bit snapper from app to app and of course .3 in larger. but other wise so close that most everyone thinks they are the same if not sitting side by side.I did get it sent to an APO address and even though the company has a NY address the phone shipped out of Singapore. So for me the wait time was 3.5 weeks. A long time to wait for a phone. Other wise it was packed very well with no damage to even the the box the phone came in.

UPS from two locations have told me that it will cost 150.to send back this phone that dose not work, this phone is not worth 150, my location is Denver CO.  It feels like this company is playing games with me and cant fix there mistakes, giving me stress and causing me to waste hours of my time sending me off on wild goose chases.  I cant control what UPS charges nor do I work for UPS so I don't think this is part of my job.  I really want my money back and still have a headache from dealing with this.  They wont even offer to pick up their non working equipment, even after all the problems i've had....  This company tells me im lying and UPS is telling me stories, I don't respect be

This is a good phone even though it is a mimic of the Samsung galaxy. I would have rated it five star but i was a little disappointed with some of the features. firstly, i must say i like the the big screen and its brightness. i also like the fact that i can browse the internet very quickly. what i don't like about this phone is that the front camera takes terrible pictures and the rear camera is not all that good. Also, there is no led light flash notification on the phone so i cannot tell when i get a message or when i get a missed call without having to look at the phone itself.If you are someone who is looking for a phone to make excellent phone calls and have a great viewing then this is the phone for you. Also, it is good when it comes on to downloading apps, its just that some of the apps are not available from play store. So keep that in mind. Over all, it is a good phone, I've had mine for almost a month now and no major problems yet , just those that I have mentioned so.........Good Luck!! :-)

Was skeptical about ordering this phone because my girlfriend had ordered a similar chinese phone that was supposed to be unlocked but wasnt, so after much research i settled for the n8000. The phone first off says 4.0 but is actually 4.1.1 its very big but not to heavy touch screen seems to work fine with no problems, got the phone because im sick of 2 yr contracts from the big boys as i am not a heavy data user outside of wifi so i will be using on net10 or st. But as i am still on contract i havent signed up with anyone yet, so the phone came popped in my girls net10 sim and the phone fired up immediately, made a call with no problems. Now one issue was the call volume was on high but the other end was kind of low, could be a problem in noisy areas other than that it is fine. google play and other apps work fine will need an sd card though,phone comes with 2 batteries 1 set of earphones and a plastic cover for the back of phone for protection.Phone also comes with a screen protector on it. played with it for awhile and the phone has long battery life but it took 3 or more hours to charge from around 30% so defnitely make sure you charge it overnight. camera takes ok picture not the greatest but not the worst either, wifi sometimes you have to/be close to the router to get full signal other times i have been outside the house with no problems go figure. Also if youre going to go with st i would suggest you go with att sim card as a lot of people have problems with the tmobile ones although the att ones can only be bought offline from amazon or ebay for around $40 on up, but straight talk has unlimited data compared to net10s 1.5 gig per month as they say if you go over they.will shut your data down instead of throttling it. All in all galaxy note clone without the contract or the price.prosgood battery lifebigdecent cameraanalog tv wherever its still usedandroid4.1.1conslong time to chargelow phone volumecases?

the sound on this phone is terriblei thought that due to the reviews being higher that the complaints from people about the sound was merely an opinion, its actually not getting enough attention. the sound is completely awful.the white model with the flash to the left and its says n8000 under the batter and the sd card slot is to the right of the sim slots, DO NOT BUY, perhaps other models are better, maybe other vendors send different version, but this one SUUUUUUCKS. dont do it, cant do it, wont do it.it comes in a black box, and it says that its android 4.1.1 (jelly bean) its not its 4.0.3 (ice cream sandwich) which is fine, but its not accurate.this model im describing is a crap tastic version of the phone, it comes with a crap tastic case that falls apart in like 1 week.IT COMES WITH A SCREEN PROTECTOR, A EAR PIECE, A CASE, A USB CHARGER and AN EXTRA BATTERYso does the legit model THE N9000, get that one, i bought it instead and its totally legit and bomb saucepeace out in the hood homies, keep it real in this piece ghare krishna

i bought this phone thinking it was good phone,i ordered for this phone just towards the end of last year it came in and was working well but  unfortunately this phone fell once and that was the end it wont work anymore and the surprising thing is it got spoiled a day after the guarantee on it has ended. what kind of a phone will fall just once and wont work it didnt even fall from a higher height.i deeply regret buying this thing

well, I`m from Venezuela, I buy this divise from Lolbuy, I thought it would take a long time coming but came so fast, take about 2 weeks and that is great, abuoy the seller is great, he respond all my question and there were many many many questions, the packaging was great, in the box was the phone of course, two batteries, a hard case, the earphones, the usb cable, the chage, a mini stylus pen and a manual.Ok, now about the phone:::I just have it for 2 weeks and it works just fine, the screen is huge for my little hands XD but is ok i like it, I just have to get used to it, so far i work with the wifi because i don`t have a plan yet but with the wifi is fast enought i use facebook twetter, see videos on youtube a works just fineThe Camera:I know must of the people want that the devise have a GREAT camera but in this phone is NOT came with a GREAT camera at all is very poor especially  the front camera is awful compared with my blackberry that the camera is just great, the back camera is a little bit better in the day, in the night is really bad, BUT  is expected from a phone with this price DON`T expect that the phone worked like the galaxy Note original or you will be very disappointed!!! although this is a quite acceptable phone for the price,when I have spent more time with the phone I will update this reviewEn Espa&ntilde;ol:bueno, soy de Venezuela, le compre este telefono a Lolbuy, pense que tardaria muchisimo tiempo en llegar el telefono pero para mi sorpresa llego al rededor de dos semanas despues lo que es buenisimo, con relacion al vendedor, es muy atento respondio a todas mis preguntas y fueron muchisimas, el ambalaje vino muy bien todo super empacado, en la caja vino el telefono por su puesto, dos baterias, una carcasa, el protector de pantalla, los audifonos, el cable usb con el cargador, un mini pen y el manual.Ok, ahora sobre el telefono:no lo he tenido por mucho tiempo, solo como dos semanas y aun no le he colocado el plan de datos, hasta ahora lo he usado con el wifi y el internet va bien es normal para lo que yo estoy acostumbrada, uso facebook, twitter internet, videos de youtube, juegos y con el wifi funciona todo bien, falta ver si con la se&ntilde;al de alguna telefonia movil funcione igual de bien, la pantalla es GIGANTE para mis manos tan chiquitas, pero no importa aun asi esta buenisma solo es cuestion de costumbre.con relacion a la Camara::se que muchos esperan que su telefono tenga una camara increible, pero con este telefono no lo van a conseguir para nada, la camara es bastanteee pobre mas que todo la del frente es horriblee!! la camara trasera es un poco mejor en el dia en la noche es igual de mala, en comparacion con mi blackberry esta camara es un desastre total se parece a la que venia con los primeros telefonos que salieron con camara totalmente horrible PERO es algo de esperarse observando el precio, es como obvio que no van a conseguir las caracteristicas increibles del Galaxy Note original cuando este no cuesta no la mitad de ese telefono, POR FAVOR no esperen que funcione como el original o van a quedar muy decepcionados, si estas consciente de todo esto es un telefono bastante aceptable, y muy bonito a la vista y si tienes algun otro dispositivo con lo que sustituir la camara como un ipod pues no hay mayor problema.PARA LOS QUE VIVEN EN VENEZUELA:este telefono no agarra 3G, esta banda es 2100 y en venezuela movistar funciona es con 1900, la unica que funciona con 2100 es digitel pero no la usa, usa otra banda creo que 850 no estoy segura, asi que si eres de los que aman el 3G este no es tu telefono! con relacion a la se&ntilde;al del EDGE aun no lo he probado porque no le he puesto plan todavia, luego actualizo esta rese&ntilde;a y colocare mas informacion.

Bought this over a month ago to replace a non-smart 2G AT&T; phone I have been using for about 7 years.  I tend to hold on to gadgets for a long time as long as it serves a purpose.  But with the 2G phone it comes to a point where I am not getting signals in places where at one time I did get signals, talked to AT&T; people they are basically telling me my phone is getting too old to be supported by them since 4G/3G towers are replacing older towers.So here's what I was looking for to replace the old phone (love the older phone that has days of talk times and not have to charge everyday, but with smartphone nowadays being a mini-computer daily charge is almost expected):I want a GSM (so I can also use overseas), unlocked (prepaid seems to be the trend and I do believe it saves money), user replaceable battery ( I have a 4 year old IPOD that original battery finally lost charge and had to replace and APPLE wanted too much, I did find local battery store replaced for $45).  Also I want additional memory that can be added (16 to 32 gb SDHC card) so I can transfer most apps into it without worrying about running out of memory.As far as 4G, LTE, NFC all these latest and fastest stuff I really do not need.  I think today's BEST will always become next years second best.  In my opinion, I am not interested in chasing the latest and best in everything.  You get what you pay for and besides I DO NOT want contract phone (which is where you find the Fanciest BRAND NAME wares) but it will cost you $600-$700 if buying it outright or stretching over 18-24 months subsidized upfront by Carriers they will make you pay dearly on monthly payments.So about this phone and seller:Seller-- bought it from LOLBUY as mentioned by many others.  Absolute no brainer, the best service.  Took 10 calendar days to ship from Hong Kong.  No anxiety and no worry about buying overseas.  Came nicely packaged and contents as described by others.  Though I tried using the charger that came with it and found it does strange things to phone while charging, so I just used other standard mini USB chargers I have & worked like a charm.  And also because of less than $180, it really is not a risk to me, in fact, I am not even wasting money to insure this phone as compared to something that cost $6-700 bucks.Phone:  Basically a generic Samsung Note clone, per reviews here and Amazon.com.UK this model was rated quite high because of the value.  For $179 you get:Big 5&#34; screen which I do like but after using for a month, it is cumbersome to carry for a man.  I put it in a Reiko brand leather pouch and belt-looped it around waist.  But it is rather large to carry.  I suppose for women they can put in the purse and that might be better.  Though I love the 5 inch screen, everything is easy to read.  The trend with smartphone seems to be getting more toward &#34;Phablets&#34; territory.  Don't be surprised to see Samsung Note 3 going to be 6 inches.  Definitely getting harder to hold in one hand and swipe the screen at the same time.  Not to mention discharging phone quicker because big screen uses battery the most.Dual Sims:  It can be useful for those who carries 2 phones.  Or when I take this overseas, I can just put my US SIM into the second slot so I dont lose it and put the foreign Sim into the first slot to use while there.Carrier:  Being GSM means either AT&T; or TMobile or their various MVNO.  I chose Straight Talk pre-paid which in my area is AT&T.;  Funny thing is when I put the new SIM in together with my old SIM from my non smart phone using the N8000 in rural area I can get signal via the Straight Talk SIm but not my ATT SIM (as I mentioned before the 2G SIM is getting useless in many areas).  For $45/month I get unlimited voice, text and data (supposedly one gets toggled down after 2gb, but I do not even come close to that usage).3G &#34;H&#34; speed when available, sometimes can be &#34;Edge&#34; speed is acceptable for my use.  The &#34;H&#34; speed came closed to Wi-Fi download speed where the &#34;E&#34; speed can be slow.  But I use this phone primarily for voice calling, sometimes texts, occasional internet surf through the day.Battery:  came 2 in the box.  After the initial charge/discharge cycling, the battery life actually improves somewhat.  With Wi-Fi and data connection turned off, no Blue-tooth, just phone ON, it lasts good 8-10 hours with some to spare.  I only turned on WI-Fi and data connection when I needed them.  Initially I had left WI-Fi & data on and battery drains pretty fast.Voice call:  this is a little bit weak in volume.  If there are much background noise, I found using an earbud set plugged in is the best way to talk and listen.  If there aint much noise in background then phone is fine to hear through.Android: Ice cream version is pretty update and useable for the next couple years. I am sure Google will have newer version (K, L, M etc who knows?).  Considering there are still plenty Androids out there using ginger-bread,this one is quite update. Apps can be downloaded pretty quickly through Wi-Fi.Camera:  front and back but I always have a dedicated camera that shoots better picture/video when I travel, so this is just for everyday snapping away, not expecting super quality.  It does support Skype which is nice too.Overall quite please with this phone for its price, I think it is an excellent value.  Certainly cannot compete with IPhone 5, Nexus 4, Galaxy S3 etc on specs but it suits me well.  Some may think the plastic back is too flimsy but for a phone this size it is fairly lightweight.  I've popped the back open many times to put battery, SIM cards, SDHC card in and it snapped back solidly.  The smoke plastic back that snapped on the phone fits nicely and together with my Reiko leather case (Samsung Galaxy Note Pouch $2.30) it fits perfectly.  Screen protector that was already pre-installed temporary prevents phone from getting too scratched (it obviously does not have Gorilla glass) but I am looking for a more durable replacement screen protector.

For a phone that is made from china, this phone is actually worth getting. One thing i don't like about the phone is that you seriously have to becareful with it because it doesn't feel or look impact resistant (however) it feels a bit more sturdy only if you you apply the case that comes with it. It looks like if you drop it once, the phone will break. Overall, with such a price the specs and features are fantastic.

I ordered the phone as a open mobile for my European work.  Everything looked as stated, but the back panel is very poorly made.  The screen is good and the graphics and pictures come out well.  When I got to Europe, I bought a SIM card from the local carrier, and turned on the phone.  It would receive calls, but, I tried to make the first call.  It froze up.  The store clerk and I both tried to make calls on it, nothing.  He even put the SIM card in his phone, so we could make sure the issue was not the SIM card, and it was not.  It is the phone that is causing the issues.  I went through the written directions, that are poorly written to start with, but there is nothing in there to cover the issue.I have tried to contact Amazon, with out success as well- which is unusual, as I have aways receive very good and immediate service, but not in this case.In short, if I can not make a call on the mobile, its value is 0.  Someone said, on this site, buyer beware. I would echo the same sentiment.

I HAVE HAD THE STAR N8000 FOR THREE WEEKS IT`S A NICE BUY YOU CANT BEAT IT AND THE SIZE IS A PLUS MY WIFE AND HER FRIENDS LUV IT SO MUCH HAD TO BUY MY WIFE ONE TO KEEP HER AWAY FROM MINES HER`S PINK AND NOW HAVE TO BUY DAUGHTER ONE WOW WHOSE NEXT MY MOTHER LOL .....

The phone cannot be activated here in the US at least that's what every carrier  is telling me when I go visit them. They said if I want to go out of the US this would be the phone to  activate in a different country. So I basically wasted my money. I have the phone but have no use for it. that's too bad.

I ordered the Star N8000 from lolbuy on Nov.15 and recieved it in the mail on Nov.23. The phone says its 5" but its really 5.3". There is no case for this phone so i ordered 2 GALAXY NOTE N7000/19220 cases from amazon one hard case and one silicone case to see how they would fit. For the hard case just type in (White and Hot Pink Dual layer hybrid cover case and kickstand for samsung galaxy note N7000/19220 $3.62). For soft case I ordered(Pink cassette tape silicone case for galaxy note n7000/19220 $3.80). The hybrid case fits my phone pretty good but the case covers up the power on button and volume key which is fine cause I just press the middle button to turn my phone on and i never really use the volume button. I can charge my phone up fine and take pics using back camera with case on so thats all that matters to me. The silicone case fits good too you can easily press volume and power on button. I am with tmobile prepaid $30 100min unlimited text and web plan I downloaded skype and pay $3/month for unlimted talk thats my way of getting around the 100min tmbobile gives so I only pay $33/month and pretty much have unlimited everythang. Put sim card in and it works pretty good. I like this phone because it is compatible with tmobile,att,straight talk,and simple mobile. So if you get tired of one company you can just buy a sim card for a different company and pop sim in phone after activating. what I like most about this phone is that it has video wallpaper, so you can set any video on your sd card as your wallpaper. You can use this phone as hotspot. Volume is very loud when playing movies. You can easily sinc movies/music from computer to phone using usb cord, some phones wont do that. The camera and camcorder isnt that good but it'll do if you're around alot of light. All apps I downloaded so far seem to work like facebook, youtube,angry birds, temple run etc... The phone works pretty fast when on the web without wifi although youtube runs very slow but thats because I only get 2g speed with my tmobile plan but works very fast with wifi. Also if you want phone in white after you order the phone just go to contact this seller under myaccount and tel them you want phone in white in the email and they will send you a white one thats what I did. I would definately recommend this phone for the size and price you cant beat that. I love my phone thanks DANIEL CHEN

I received the product on time. Opened the package and it was the correct color that the seller said they would send to me. It works great with my straight talk service and the 3g works just like 4g. This phone is amazing and I am very satisfied and recommend this phone to anyone. Thank you so much.

The phone is juck, does not work on the frequency's listed, quit after only 2 and a half months, phone feels cheap, and does not come with listed operating system

it was great i loved it but it does NOT work with AT&T was so upset cause i loved it and it was huge

recieved this phone yesterday..turned on an worked perfectly fine....today i got a sim card for it....and tested it out with a few calls and was fine....then it just shut off and wont turn back on.... now i have no damn phone....uuggghhh

I wanted a large phone with the screen to match so i got this phone as an alternative to its very expensive look a like. Love this phone! I had difficulty using my own data/internet but connected to wifi just fine. Downloaded all the apps I needed and still had room on the phone(used SD card). Cameras are okay quality but the phone cost less then 200$ so I didn't expect that to work well anyway. Analog Tv doesn't work either. Whatever this phone was missing (ex. widgets,pre installed apps) I downloaded from google play store. I don't do much on my phone so the battery lasts for the entire day. Overall, very pleased with the phone and it arrived with in 2 weeks.

Okay....I broke my fiancees phone in a argument and wanted to buy a cheap phone to replace it. I end up buying this being a smartass thinking it was cheap garbage and it turned out being better than my HTC one x plus. I got jealous of the phone I just bought her and ordered another one for me. It shipped faster than expected.....like 10 days to New Jersey.At first it did not support flash player but I got an app for that.Still trying to get Netflix to work.Camera is average.Other than that, it's just like an actually Galaxy Note minus s voice and features like that.I recommend it and will be telling my friends and posting it on facebook.Thanks guys!!!

i totally love this phone it was great it feels great i only wish it had 4g but overall its a nice product

I just recieveced my new phone today..It was secured and wrapped so well., I put my tmobile sim card in and bam it works... I have no complaints! My friend has the real Note 2 and you cannot tell the difference!!! My hubby wants one now, Gonna order him one for his bday! :-)

This phone seriously sucks for me. It has no calibration at all and it's horrible. If I could get my money back, I seriously would !

Okay .. how about I had this phone for nearly 24hours & my phone has a long ass crack coming down the center of the phone . And i have yet ti drop it .. u put it in your pocket than it come out with marks . It started from a tiny mark snd streched,  its cheap and I dnt have time to send nd wait again . Other than that it has no phone case but its a good phone

I bought this phone as a Valentine's gift for my husband, but I was forced to use before he did because my phone is broken.First than anything else,I have to mention it  has two slots for sim card.I put my sim card from T-mobile  and it went under the panel of the phone,because do not have noting to hold it like a real T-mobile phone does. My husband had to remove with a tiny  screwdriver  the  microscopic screws and detach the panel to get the sim card.I tried to connect a Plantronics model m-50 bluethooth  and it reyected it,but it accepted a Motorola bluetooth.The volume is very low without headset to be  heard and when I receive a call the ring tone for voice calls is also very low that if I have it inside my purse is not heard...It comes with settings in Chinese,so I had to go to settings to change it, which was not a problem.My displeasure was bigger,because information on Amazon abouth the phone and on the box of the cell said it is 3G, but works as 2G, which makes it really slow for absolutely everything and because of the same reason I can not make video calls.Not knowing this, I called T-mobile, and the representative asked me  if I had a letter  "E" at  the side of the signal bar .When I said  yes, he told me when someone  buys a unlock  phone not from to T-mobile, the phone only has reception 2G.And to end this review,going to my Facebook,I am not able to see the pictures people place in my wall and I can not see my facebook contacts pictures,beside that the battery drains really quick,not wondering why it comes with two of them.Also I haven't be able to connect it to my wi-fi...very dissapointed...ready to return it  :(

I saw this phone and fell in love with it right away.Amazon has been  good so far concerning stuffs that they sell,but to be honest i was very disappointed when it comes to this ANDROID 4.0, N8000 UNLOCKED 5 INCH SCREEN i just bought and sent it to some one as a birthday present.The color i oderd  was white but  when i recieved and open up the box it was black,i decided to take it like that cos time was running out.But what makes me mad on this is,as a new phone she can't talk on the phone without using the head set or ear phone.The quality of the pictures she took with the phone is horrible.well will never recommend this phone to any one and watch out for what and who you purchased anything from.A word to a wise is enough.

The phone was delivered earlier than expected. The phone is HUGE and I LOVE IT! Everyone wants to know what kind of phone it is and when I tell them it&#699;s a really awesome knock off the Samsung Galaxy Note from China, their minds are blown! And my friends who do have it are mad because they paid so much while my phone is the exact same thing but WAAAAYYYYY CHEAPER. The only thing I want to know is if there is a case for it. I ordered a an Eco Pack Case for the Galaxy note but it was too big. Anybody know where I can get a case?

Have not had the phone for a good three months yet.  Phone has been constantly sticking and now has totally crashed.  Is there any compensation for this.  Really need a good phone.

Well well, in a beginning I had some problem with this phone, when I made a phoning call or internet call, the display goes black and block, I download some tools to test the phone and I found problem was proximity sensor, the seller give to me all necessary support and offer me a replacement, but any reason from night to day the prone is working fine and I love it, totally and full satisfied, it is a great phone, maybe the camera is not to launch rockets but it is fine for me, the only that I configure was the Internet access, here in Venezuela it does not take 3g navigation, but for the rest it is excellent.

Love it!!! It is a great phone to have. The phone was easy to setup needed to reset it but great phone

I have been very pleased with this phone! At first I was worried that it wouldn't perform as well as an actual Samsung Galaxy Note but it does not freeze and took me about 1 hour to figure out everything it has to offer. The screen is very clear and I love the larger screen because I watch a lot of Netflix. I was a little disappointed with the camera as it is not the best quality but it works pretty well. I was also worried that I would be waiting over a month for my phone to arrive because I live in Northern California and the shipment date was estimated 3-5 weeks since it was coming across the world but it came in less than 2 weeks!! Overall this is a great phone with an even better price!

it is a really nice phone does about everything my computer does. very happy with it, it didn't come with a protective cover, so send an e-mail to the shipper (mr Chin) and he sent a nice cover that fits the phone for free. so far it's done everything they said it would do. anyone looking for a great phone and doesn't want too pay a high price i would tell to get it. like the old saying goes try it you'll like it.  i really liked this phone until now. NOW i've had it about 7 months and the right side of the thing won't work can not dial out if any of the numbers are on the right side of the phone. for almost $200. i figured it would work for a year or better.!

So far this product works great!  big bright screen, easy to navigate (if you've had a droid before) and very slim. I received it prior to the estimated delivery date and it came with all of the accessories that were pictured.  It is compatible with AT& T and T-mobile so since i had verizon,  i ended up switching to straight talk and it works just fine.  You will need to change your APN settings depending on your carrier and you will have to change the language and time zone.  The only downer is the battery life, which is probably why you get two.  Other than that,  it's pretty awesome!

First off i most definitly want to say that i do love this phone. it does trumph iphones and its not too heavy either. i like the fact that its an android instead of any other brand because to me phones themselves are over rated.... but anywaysPro's1. huge screen2. screen and resolution is very clear3. home and multi screen's aer customizable4. the basics camera is pretty sharp5. nice and light6. you'll get plenty of comliments :)now the bad.cons:1. it drops my calls when i have my skullcandy earpiece in (not sure if it's the phone or not)2. the front facing camera is not as sharp as the opposing camera3. the speaker could be a little louder4. cant figure out how to get auto correct for my texting.now, i have only had this phone for about 3 days but if anything goes wrong i will gladly update.UPDATE::::Okay so i have now had the phone for about a week and it is okay but i am sending it back. My screen is getting stuck on home screen without any buttons and its really annoyin it happens almost every 5 minutes. It sucks because i really did like this phone and i was hoping that every thing would work outbut i guess not.

I really had high hopes for this phone and could hardly wait for it to get here.  I really liked the look of the large screen---it is like a combo phone/tablet.  I received this phone yesterday and am very disappointed.  Trying to do the simplest things are incredibly frustrating.  When I dial a number to make a call and the phone starts to connect, the screen goes completely black.  NOTHING will turn the screen back on until the call is disconnected.  But the real frustation is that I can't disconnect the call.  I've tried pushing all the buttons and even tried pressing the power button.  NOTHING will disconnect the call. This means that if I mistakenly dial a wrong number, I can't hang up.  The call goes thru and the person on the other end has to disconnect.  I am assuming this phone is defective, because otherwise this would be a seriously stupid design flaw.Also I tried logging into my Yahoo email account, but had the most frustrating time getting the phone to select the right letters/numbers to log in.  It repeatedly selected the wrong letters/numbers when I touched the screen.  I have pretty small fingers, so I would think it would be easier. I don't know how someone with larger hands could get it to select the right letters/numbers either.  The manual says you can use your thumbs to type, but it simply does not work correctly when I tried this. It types every other letter or number besides the one I want. Also, since I typed in the wrong login/password, Yahoo then wanted me to type a verification code.  When I tried to tap that small Verification Code box, it instead hightedlighted the "login" button.  So with no verifcation code, it tried to Login and of course, it does not work.  It then wipes out everything I had typed and I have to start all over.  I tried for a very long time last night and was never able to log in my email. FRUSTRATING!  The more expensive version of this phone comes with a stylus pen (I thought this one was supposed to as well), and believe me it is needed.I assumed that I needed to calibrate the screen to get it to work better.  The manual says to "See Calibrator".  However, there is no section in the manual about calibrating the screen.  I found a setting that appears to calibrate, however the only thing it said to do was lay the phone on a flat surface while the "levels" calibrate.  It did not tell me to tap the screen to calibrate the touch or the screen as other phones have done.Since this phone is so large, and does look a little stupid held up to your face, I assumed that it would have a speakerphone.  If it does, I can't find it.  Of course, my screen goes black when it dials calls.  Maybe if that didn't happen, I would see a selection for a speakerphone.The User's Manual is absolutely horrible.  It is obviously written by someone in which English is not their first language, so sometimes it just does not make sense.  In addition, the manual is very small.  One page has a list of Icons with a description of what they mean, but the icon in the book is so small, you can't even see what it is.There is no diagram with explanation of keys. For instance, under Making a Call, the manual says to end a call, press the "Hang Up" key.  However, there is no diagram to tell you which one is the Hang Up key.  I've tried the 3 keys across the bottom, the ones on the side and top and, as I said earlier, none of them will disconnect a call.Also, I had a REALLY hard time hearing the person on the other end of a call.  I pressed the toggle up button on the side but it did nothing for the sound.  Most phones show a volume slider so you can see if it is on the highest volume setting or not, but the screen stayed black, so I couldn't see if it thought it was increasing the volume or not. The manual says nothing about changing volume.I am currently trying to get a better manual.  Maybe there is a way to fix the above.  If I can't get a manual, this phone will be going back.Perhaps you get what you pay for and I will be forced to buy the more expensive version.

Its a good looking phone and I liked it and enjoyed using this smart phone the wi fi is fast to

The phone was received about a week after ordering. I installed the battery and attempted to charge it. The battery would not charge with the phone and supplied charger. I charged the batteries with a universal charger and installed it into the phone and the phone would not power on. I requested a return and the seller provided a return address to ship the phone back. I have returned the phone and have not received either a refund or a replacement. It has been 2 weeks since I returned it with no communication from the seller.

This is a nice phone! My sister really likes it and rarely has any problems with it!  Very nice!I would recommend it!

-So as far as the functionality of this phone; it's good. Couple things i noticed is when it's on the charger and you're  touching the screen doing anything, it goes a bit WAY TOO over sensitive so it clicks things or letters that you didn't and scrolls too quick... I tried to play with the sensitivity settings and it doesn't matter really it does the same thing when ON the charger. BUT off the charger it's just fine.- I went through ATT/Go Phone plan and it worked just fine, the only thing is even though my fiance had the SAME plan thru the SAME company and a different phone... his reception was MUCH better... which doesn't make too much sense but something to consider.- Another thing I noticed is the fact that this is a KNOCK OFF of the Samsung Galaxy NOTE I717/i9220. I know this because i do now have an authentic Samsung galaxy note ( NOT bought on amazon) and i compared them when i got it.- As far as cases, I could NOT find a case for this knock off phone because the dimensions on this knock off are smaller both height and width wise and the placement of the camera, mic, headphone jack etc are slightly moved around so trying to buy anything for it was impossible. I bought a hybrid case with kickstand that I thought would work but the knock off was too small. Now, that same phone case is FOR the Samsung Galaxy note, which fits snuggly and perfectly in every aspect for the Original phone. I would give the cases 0 out of 10.  (Also, If we're talking more comparisons, the Original phone has an &#34;S-pen&#34; for it.... the knock off has an Antenna which in my opinion is placed awkwardly and doesn't even work. They advertise that you can get basic channels but no matter where I went there was nothing around. So as far as &#34;free channels&#34;... I wouldnt count on it.)-The battery was alright for normal use but I found after about 2-3 months of regular normal use the battery life faded and I found myself always needing to charge it. They DO give you a second battery in the package BUT.... same result. So i'd give that a 5 out of 10.-The camera is surprisingly good-fair quality. Compared to the original, its about the same but not AS good. Still if you're looking for decent camera quality, it'd give it 7 out of 10.- Call quality is decent. (besides dropped calls mainly because the reception wasn't great) 7 out of 10-The screen quality and clarity is good as well. 8 of 10One thing I will touch on though and it's on both ends. The reason I had to get a new phone was because I dropped the phone flat ( accidentally) from a height of about a foot and a half maybe less and it COMPLETELY shot the phone. The Touch mechanism went out. I could turn it on, but no luck trying to get anything to work. Strangely enough, if i had it turned on or the battery just in the phone, the alarm would go off... but it's none that I set. Random times which was irritating so i just took the battery out. So I took the phone to a cell repair shop and they took it apart to see if maybe it's just a wiring problem and said the wiring is fine but twisted in a weird way. They couldn't find a physical reason why the touch went out but upon further inspection there is NO factory Reset button ANYWHERE and there is absolutely NO way to reset it if your touch goes out. It then becomes completely useless. The only thing i could recycle ( give to them to use again) on the phone was the battery. Otherwise they said there's nothing that can be done besides sending it back to the people I bought it from and although I considered it, I know it can be pricey and I am not willing to pay that or Wait because I needed a phone.- All in all, the phone is a good phone for functionality, calling, apps, downloading, internet and I know I didn't go through every single little detail about it, but please feel free to ask me questions because I remember better that way.  I personally would not buy this phone again purely because I found the original is sooo much better and you get what you pay for, basically. If it's something for a teen or starter smartphone and you don't want to pay BIG then I'd say it's okay but if you want the guarantee authenticity then it's not for you. Ultimately I recommend reading others reviews as well and make your own decisions. Thanks for reading!

at first this phone seemed ok. pain in the butt to get the sim for straight talk situated. once i got that connected i had to search the internet for apn settings to get picture messages. Before i got that set i could use 3g no problem once i set the apn i lost 3g and can only connect to wifi. Then about 2 weeks later i lost the ability to download picture messages. I reset the apn still nothing. Still cant get 3g. Had to use an ATT sim card. worse coverage ever i can not use my phone in my house. Phone state always says no service. This phone has been in a pain in the butt and wouldn't ya know i not cant return it 7 days past my return policy. THIS SUCKS i dont know why this phone has any positive reviews this should be 2 stars or less. DO NOT BUY FOR STRAIGHT TALK!!!!!!!!!!!

MY PHONE IS A CHEAP VERSION, MY SCREEN CRACKED AND DONT WANT TO COME BACK ON. AND I HAD IT FOR A MONTH. U CANT FIND NO PARTS FOR IT AND NOBODY WANT TO FIX IT

Bought this for my daughter and she loves it! She received all the accessories and the phone functions perfectly. All she needs now is a hard case. The phone comes with a back case for grip, but theres no screen protection.

I just received the phone and have spent most of the afternoon fooling with it.  I'm not very smartphone literate, so it's taken some tinkering and googling.This seems like a substantial phone for the money and overall I'm happy with my purchase.  Only thing is I wasn't sure which sim card slot to use for TMobile service in the US.. instruction manual was no help...hence the Googling.  I've tried both sim card slots and unless I turn on TMobile data, the phone will give me message that I am out of 3G range.  I am in the city so I am definitely in 3G range.  What does turning on the data connection have to do with making a phone call?  And trying to download a 1.5MB app from the google app store didn't work.  Ended up having to use WIFI.Also, another reviewer said that their call volume was very loud.  Mine is very soft even with the call volume level set to Max.No analog TV channels in my area...I think all of U.S has upgraded to only digital. Haven't tried the camera yet. :)Update 2-1-2013:  TMobile somehow noticed that I was having trouble making phone calls and sent me an automatic app that set all of my phone settings for me.  Thought that was pretty amazing.  But unfortunately still can't get 3G data, only get Edge.  Went to TMobile store, one rep told me phone was GSM/GPRS (according to what was printed on front of User guide booklet) and that meant that phone was only 2G capable, but another TMobile rep told me that this (international) phone runs on 1900 mhz, and that TMobile has not finished upgrading LTE service here, and that by the end of March I should be able to get 3G on this phone.  They also told me that since this phone is a clone and also was not purchased or authorized by TMobile they really couldn't offer me any support for it.  So, it remains to be seen if I'll ever get 3G or not :(Update 5-10-2013: Still no 3G data.  I'd beware of this phone if you have TMobile.

Internet doesn't work. Had it for a day & its already acting up. If anyone knows how to get 3g network on this phone please let me know. Very disappointed & aggregated with this phone. Also save your money on buying the Galaxy Note cases for this phone they don't fit.

I am writing this review from a point of view of a owner of a samsung galaxy tab p1000. And i am writing this review after placing an order for another one for my brother who wants it too.I was searching for a big screen android phone( not tablet anymore) when i saw this phone. i had my doubts about the quality when i saw the low price. To save time , this phone is a smaller samsung note 1 with a different name and a dual sim. My friends have the samsung note and i have used it too. I have no regret buying this phone and i have bought it again. Pictures on the screen are not as crisp as they are on the galaxy note, for the price difference i dont mind. it works so well in my country nigeria, only the tv won't work and i wouldnt bother.The camera and flash works well but picture quality is not superb like the samsung.Since you can access the android play store you have acces to the same applictions like any other android phone.About the dual sim, this is your take home as it works so smart.you have the option of choosing a default sim to use for your voice calls, messaging, data connection or selecting which sim to use each time you want to call or send a message.The data connection speed is very good.I have a 32gb card on it and its running fine as i need a big memory for my movies.You can use wi fi and wi fi hot spot and usb tethering. I give this phone 5 stars because it has done wat it was supposed to very well. I love gadgets and i love this phone. if you were considering buying a big android phone, then buy it.

Got here in 6 days which was awesome,phone is excellent for the price...it does get a bit warmer sometimes when downloading. But other than that i am very satisfied and happy with my choice.

This item came with free shipping and this was a plus since it came all the way from Hong Kong. In addition, it arrived two whole weeks ahead of time! Very pleased with how this phone works. As soon as I show it to friends, they immediately consider buying it too. Love this phone to bits. The only con is that finding a case and screen protector is a pain the you know what. I've been emailing the seller for a while now and never seem to get a positive response. I won't give up though. This phone is worth all that and then some.

The phone came with protective sheet attached.  It also came with black wallet style phone case.I was afraid that I would have to shop for the screen protector and a case, but so far I'm OK with the ones that came with the phone.I inserted T-mobile prepaid SIM which I removed from my old phone, and phone connection works fine.

No ! I can not get it unlocked and no one else can either!!!!! Does not work with carriers that stated.Not happy at all will never use Amazon again.Caroline Reiling

I was truly skeptical on ordering a phone that was not well known. For the price you pay this phone is great, it has all the Android functions and them some. I have had no problem with phone calls or service. I have had this phone now for about 2 months and love it.If looking to buy an unlocked phone, this is the one you might want to check out.The phone came with the screen protector already applied, phone case, 2 batteries and wall charger. The only down fall is there are no covers avaliable for this exact model. I have ordered an Galaxy note 2 case and it works just fine

The phone has a big screen 5 inches also Android is not so far out of date like most US phones are.  I really don't get why the big companies lag so far behind.  Anyways, the phone has some good points and some bad points.  As all phones do this is no different.  I also have some unknown things if it is my phone or the services I use.  I use straight talk so it's one of the cheapest services.Pros:1. The phone comes unlocked so you can put it on any service.2. Those who like big phones like almost tablet size this is it.3. Comes with plugs for other countries besides United States mainly Asian plugs.I used these for places like Philippines.4. GSM phone so works on most anywhere except with the moron companies in United States like Sprint/Verizon.5. The clicking seems to work and the battery life even with this big of screen last one day.6. The phone is cheap and has a newer android.7. The phone is compatible with google marketplace and can load plenty of apps on it.8. Wifi works well9. Blu Tooth works as well.10. Typing is pretty good just as easy as other smartphones.11. 90% of the time no problems with anything but if you use phone as your lively hood this is not good enough.Cons:1. The phone doesn't pick up your voice unless your mouth is really close often causes hangup since android hangup is there.2. The phone's speaker is very low volume for the ear piece during a phone call, I always have it at max and still very difficult to hear.3. The phone has no way to update or root it unless you can read Chinese which is the native country. They say you can on internet nothing listed or sent to me works.4. The phone has a big problem which I don't know if this is Android fault or Phone.  When you receive a call the screen goes black.  Why?  I want to do something so I move my face away it doesn't get bright all the time it stays dark I don't have any screen, If I hit the screen it doesn't respond.  Yet other times it stays lit and I hangup on people cause mouth is next to hangup. Stupid design the hangup should be a slider to hangup your moron google.  Also it's front camera perhaps is the problem detecting light or dark since it is so poor.5. The phone is unlocked but not rooted so you can't get rid of 2 Chinese crap programs only disable them also you can't install programs I consider important like firewall/some full backup tools/anti-virus.Universal Grips:(Networks or Phones)The phone has TV ability yet this is pointless in the United States we don't use analogy anymore so radio would be better.The phone plug in for power often falls this is a common theme for mini-usb it's alot of phones.The phone sometimes must be restarted or network restarted sometimes to get internet reestablished especially if you have not done that in over 2 days.The phone also sounds like robot scrambles sometimes when answering.  I hangup and redial it works fine. That's been happening 1/10 phone calls.  Maybe NSA who knows.Cons for Android:1. The phone often hangs up since android is so dumb to put a hang up next to your cheek.  If you push your facenext to the phone to hear or speak into the mic it hangs up yet you must to hear.2. You need to design a slider for hangup also don't go dark when on phone call.3. When you put a lock on Android the phone starts up in the morning starts ticking why?  Why? WHY!!!I want to know why android makes a ticking sound after it boots and drains all my battery as it doesn't turn screenoff this is when you have your phone encrypted if you don't have it encrypted the phone just starts up in the morningand screen goes black yet it ticks like a stop watch on boot if encrypted.

I just wish they would make a skin to fit it.....the only reason I would get rid of it as I have no way to protect it from bumps and scrapes....wake up China ... how hard is it to make a silicone skin for this?

I don't normally do reviews...I just don't have the time. So the fact that I took the time to sit down and tell you about this phone is saying something. I ordered this phone in the 12th of March and it came in on the 14th (despite the fact that the item description said it wouldn't ship until the 15th). I also ordered the Straight Talk SIM for it and it wasn't due to come in until the 16th. I had a few days to play around and learn the OS of this phone. It is PHENOMENAL!! Very smooth....and quick! The phone is above average touchscreen size so if you are looking for a pocket phone this is not the one for you (although I DO put it in my pocket occasionally). I LOVE LOVE LOVE this phone! Straight Talk came in and SIM works great! I have internet and everything!! I was VERY skeptical about ordering an off brand but I am SO glad I did!! If you are wanting a Glaxy Note (like) phone...for a fraction of the cost...look NO further, your search has ended! :)Update: March 29, 2013Today the camera quit working...says "can't connect to camera"any one else have this problem?Update April 25th, 2013Camera working again....lol. Have NO idea what happened but it's now working. All in all I LOVE this phone. I will say if you live in a rural area like myself you might consider using ATT&T; Go Phone ...I have Straight Talk but it only get's the Edge (as opposed to 3G) and I am a bit spoiled. I am contemplating buying a second SIM from ATT&T; to see if I can get 3G with them :) But..it DOES work with ST ...just not as fast as what I am used to with my old service.

It is a very good phone, I'm glad that I decided to buy it.The only disadvantage is that the quality of the camera is not that good as expected.

At first I didn't like my phone. I had so much trouble understanding how to operate it. I found it was just to big for my little hands. I became very acquainted with my phone because I was just so determined. So many people are giving me compliments.I would recommend this phone especially if you don't want to spend a fortune on a galaxy phone. My only problem is I can't find a phone case that will fit.

Im very pleased once again with my purchase I've been an amazon customer for years and never had issues with orders, and they always arrive at least 1week or 2 before expecting date!!It was wrapped very well. I purchased from &#34;alanstore&#34; they even wrapped it in a cute wrapping paper with a bow :)I activated it with straight talk and it's working well I'm just having problems signing in for my gmail it's taking forever to sign me inn I still haven't been able to yet which is a little aggravating because I haven't added any apps, I just need to take the time to sit down and maybe call technical support or do some research ..... How to get it fully functional.Other than that completely satisfied with purchase. Thanks alanstore:)

Hello, good afternoon.First of all it seems an excellent phone that I acquired the Note N800 Android 4.0.4, has a good processor and applications work great, but I would like to send me a guide how to root this phone? since I can not do many things on the Internet and does not leave a lot of information.Thanks,

The phone is great. It works pretty fast and I love the giant screen. The operating system is a breeze to learn. The only thing is that its 3G. In the description (when I was buying it) it said 3G but I thought it was refering to the TV feature. Oh well. Ill have to Pay closer attention next time. Other than that the phone is great!

I am glad that I went ahead and purchased this phone it was exactly how it was described and I am very satisfied!!

I must say that this is by far the WORST investment ive made on amazon. The camera quality is HORRIBLE, the speaker for calls and even the headset is HORRIBLE. The quality of download time is UNBEARABLE and the phone itself is not easy to maintain. I will not EVER by another product like this ever again. I was better off with an old EVO or a NEW SAMSUNG GALAXY. This phone is absolutely NOT A GOOD INVESTMENT.

I wish I would have done a better research on this phone--there are some things I like and alot I dislike. I wish I would have gotten an AT&T phone. The direction (if you can call it that) book leaves alot to be desired. I had to figure most out on my own. So far I haven't found a way to change ring tones or alerts.  I was too impatient on getting a larger phone--next time I will do better.

I bought this phone for my fianc&eacute;, which is basically the generic Samsung Galaxy Note. She loves the large screen and overall design, which is almost identical to the Galaxy. The features are great and the setup was easy. It takes a little getting use to, especially if you are switching from the Apple Iphone, but we have not had any problems with the phone. Charge time for the battery is usually about three to four hours, so you don't have to leave it plugged in all night. It is a little hard to find cases that will fit this phone, but it is doable. Overall it is a great phone to own!

There are a million of these out there.  Notice it has 3G WCDMA 2100.  That is what they  use for data in China.  AT&T uses 850/1900 MHz for WCDMA 3G. For T-Mobile you need 1700 MHz for WCDMA 3G.  There are a few spots in USA where you can use 2100 MHz 3G, but don't count on being in one.  And 4G?  Forget it with this phone.

Good deal for the price. Not exactly what is described in the description , but all the important items are present. Everything seems to work. no tv tuner.

To sum everything up, don't waste your money unless u desperately need a phone. If thats the case I recommend a prepaid phone over this phone any day.

i have loved this phone fro the start. i would recommend this phone to anyone! Easy to and handle and use

I was very excited to get this phone. It came faster than I expected, it is just what I wanted, plus more. Well lets get to the real issue, I've had the phone for about 2days, and yesterday as I was on a call the screen went black. I wasn't able to end the call, or do anything with the phone, I ended up having to remove the battery just to end the call than restart the phone. I will be returning the phone in hopes they fix the problem or send me a new phone.

The product was returned last week due to the speaker on the ear piece didn't work after a couple weeks, conversations were always on speaker & not personal at all. The camera was not operable. Overall not satisfied.

from email to camera problems, the hotspot and everything else, please check other reviews before buying, it might have just bad luck with this phone...I saw other reviews before buying, thought it was a good buy and it was a dud!

.Good big phone tablet put no 3g on T-Mobile service just edge very fast on Wi-Fi now I just use it as a tablet cause no 3g

This phone may look like its awesome but in reality its not. The screen has a weird look and feel to it. It has hardly an storage. The 3G does not work properly. The camera takes horrible quality, and the flash is literally just a light. I had this phone for maybe two weeks and the camera completely stopped working randomly. I probably only used the camera around 3 times for those two weeks just because it did not work well. I'm trying to return it, but i doubt i'll be able to. Do not waste your money on this phone.

We got the phone and it was great. Had an issue with charger and posted a not so good review. I looked all over for info to get a hold of the seller and couldnt find anything. was not happy so I gave a 2 star review. After i left the review I got an email from the seller saying they will replace it. I think that was great of them. Just wish it was easier to contact them when there is an issue. I would order from them again!

It only took less than five days for them to deliver my phone, so shipping is very fast.I have my phone for about couple weeks. So far, this phone is perfect. The five inch screen is huge!! Good for watching movie on Netflix or YouTube. The touch screen is very high quality and there are no blind spot.The camera is decent but not great. The best thing about the phone is that it is very fast running apps. I have been installing tons of apps and playing game on the phone without any lag. There are two slots for SIM card, if one doesn't work, try another slot. But I have heard that they both work so you can have two SIM cards, two phone numbers on one phone. Two batteries are included with the phone and also a protective case and a earphone.The battery life is reasonable. It can last a day with some intense gaming and music playing. I just cannot think of anything to complaint. In fact I can't keep my hands off my phone because it is so awesome. However, it has only been couple weeks so I might update this feedback as soon as anything goes wrong. I am only giving four stars because I suspect it is too good to be true. This is just too good for a phone that only cost 170. If I still can't see anything wrong within the next month or so, I will give five stars.Update on 5/18It's been four months and it is still working good. 5 Stars!!!

I mainly wanted an MP3 player with blutooth and replacable batteries; however, I've found I use this phone more as a tablet.  I do listen to music; however, I also play games, I signed up with a phone service and even use the GPS....the battery doesn't last as long as my tablet (about 12-24 hours of sporatic use), but it does the job.  True it would be nicer with a faster CPU and/or dual core; however, it is quite useful as it is.I would like to find a good flip cover,but, I'm unable to determine if there are compatible cases anywhere.So far, it has been well worth the money.

Hi this a great phone the only problem is that the volume is not to loud when you speak on the phone I notiifye-bay and thery resolve the matter but other then that it is great would recommend it to all

I love it!! The only thing that doesn't work is the headphone..I will definitely recommend it or I might buy another one for my son. Thanks.

i can not get the internet to work and can not get sinal for  sevice but other than that would love it and it is in a different langu.

I love this phone, I bought it for myself, and my fianc&eacute; loved it now we buying a second one. Although its from China, but aren't all phone made from China? Works as good but I really wish they made a lot of cases for this phone it's really hard to find a case.

The magnetic sensor does not work. If you try to install a compass app the compass needle will not move and you will get an error message about the magnetic sensor. The same magnetic apps work on my Nexus 7.The other functions on this phone works fine and I get good battery life, from both batteries shipped. I want to buy a Star N9000 but I'm worried that the magnetic sensor problem might be there too.I'm emailing back and forth to see if there is a solution. So far, none from whoever is answering the emails.

I received this phone and thought I would enjoy it but so happens this device would not work in my area. I contacted you and you sent me a return label. The phone was sent back on the twentieth of May and I have not yet received my refund.  I would like to keep doing business with you but I would like to have this taken care of first. Thank you

THEY SENT ME THE WRONG MODEL N7100.NONE OF THE ADVERTISED IS CORRECTNO TVNO GPSVERY SLOWCAMERA SUCKSWASTE OF MONEY...........

Now there are a lot of mixed reviews about this phone.. probably because there's various sellers to choose from maybe different phone makers. the N8000 I ordered from the seller lolbuy I received it in about four business days and out of the box it felt like a real sturdy heavy duty phone.. The phone came with a screen protector already applied and a black case that snaps on the back and a headphone jack cover that i wasnt expecting but nice.. I put the battery in and turned it on.. I tweaked the phones settings to my use and the phone runs flawlessly as for people who say there signal suck well you have to take in mind its dual sim phone and if you put your 3g Sims card in the wrong slot I'm sure it would cause problems..therfor try both just to see what gives you better reception in your area.. the camera is good in places with alot of light.. dark areas cause grainy distortion but that was expected.. the touch screen is very responsive never gives me problems i use it to play games , facebook , text ect.. all day.. I used a 2gb micro sd (not included) to put all of my apps on to save room and help the phone run smoother.. i uninstalled some apps that it came with from china.. all the apps I downloaded run flawlessly.. I don't have any complaint but it's only been a week.. I'll be sure to make in update if anything changes otherwise for now I'd recommend this phone for people on a budget looking for a beautiful smartphone to do every day tasks.. PURCHASED FROM #LOLBUY#UpdateOk so i activated this phone on straight talk.. the service is nice rarely ever drops calls... so far ive gotten service everywhere i go.. i have 3g data running with unlimited pic message and text and talk and internet.. the phone runs flawlessly takes maybe 3 or 4 seconds to change pages on the browser but thats not that bad.. no complaints really.. id recommend it..

First, the good: The phone has some nice features like a good screen, the touch response is reasonably good, and for some people the TV and FM radio may be useful (the TV seems to be multi-scan, so it apparently works in any part of the world, from the settings I saw). The ability to have 2 SIM cards is useful for those who have 2 numbers on the same carrier, or numbers with different carriers. The SD-Micro slot handled the 16GB card from my previous phone with no issues, and the operating system allows you to store some of the downloaded programs and content on the SD card with no issues as far as I found. You can also set the card to be the primary storage for the camera, and for clips recorded from TV.Many features of the phone are due to the SOFTWARE. The operating system (Android) is available on many other phones, so many of the features will be found on other phones, such as the ability of the phone to upload camera images automatically to your Google Plus account as soon as WiFi is available (you can also set this option to happen over the cell network).Now the bad: The hardware itself is really not great - the camera takes muddy, mushy images that look fine on the 5" screen of the phone, but look interpolated and blurred on a computer screen. This phone sucks battery life like you would not believe. If I didn't have a charger in my car, the phone would be dead most of the time. What's worse is that this is not predictable. There are times when the phone has been left alone, and the batteries show very little drain for hours, and there are times when the phone seems to be busy doing something in the background, it gets hot, and drains the battery in less than an hour. I can't figure out what causes it - I have even tried shutting down all non-essential services including WiFi and Bluetooth, to no avail.The unit ships with 2 batteries. One of mine was dead after one use. The other is chugging along, but I live between chargers, which is not good.The speakerphone is only audible in very quiet rooms, and the wireless services are very short-sighted. The bluetooth typically drops off just over 1.5 metres, and the WiFi reception is also fairly bad unless you are within 3 metres or so of the wireless router.It's not a bad phone for exploring Android, but really, keep the wireless devices close, and the charger closer.Even better; save your money and get an iPhone. At least you know who makes those, and they can be repaired.

Wow, I received the product on March 30, because bad weather storm. The important thing is that I get the package. Opened the package and it was the correct, color, two battery, headphone, cover clear, Wall charger, book instruction, scream protector and litter pen. Its works great with my ATT plan unlimited, Now I have everything with this phone, I can take a picture and send message with picture multimedia. So  You can use AT & T, T-Mobile, Straight Talk. Everything work very good, Everything works well, you can watch TV channels, depends on the area where you live, you can listen radio, depending on the area where you live. This phone works 3G. You can put a Scard 8Gb, 4Gb. I am very very happy and recommend this phone to anyone I recommend this phone to the person who really likes a 5-inch screen, with sound effects, beautiful colors on the screen. Thank you Amazon.

Phone is not really user friendly.  Unable to setup to what is comfortable to me.  Constantly missing calls because the ringer kept changing no ring tone.  It does not vibrate either when it change to no ring tone which happened often.Not happy at all with phone.

So far this thing is working very good. I bought it I guess 2 years ago and I am really satisfied with the product

I received this item in the mail today. I thought it was an amazing phone. But when i went to insert my sim cards they were detected, but there was no service and i had no service. I put 3 different sim cards in. They all did the same thing. I want my money back. In not playing. These stupid Chinese people ripped me off !!!!!!!!!

It didn't look like the picture and the screen went out in just two weeks of having it ! The camera sucks bad .

I got this phone within 5 days of ordering it. I have to say this phone works flawless!!! it is very fast and every app works great. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a unlocked phone. the resolution is great. I put a 32gb card in it and everything runs great.Highly Recommended!!!!

The phone works well. It's fast, responsive, and never misbehaved in about a month of usage.It comes with 2 batteries, though I have hard time depleting one even during a busy day. I don't play games, but browse a lot of web, often use maps, and run other relatively demanding apps.Vanilla Android 4.0 (without HTC cruft or Motorola cruft) feels liberating. Google play store works without a hitch.I did not try the 2-SIM feature, but have zero problems operating with just one SIM card. No problems with wi-fi, bluetooth, and USB interfaces, too.The screen is large, good for reading and browsing. It could have higher resolution, though. Viewing angles are good. The screen does not grease easily, and comes with a plastic protective layer pre-installed, which looks easy to replace in a case of scratches.The device is so large it's not easy to operate with just one thumb (e.g. in subway). OTOH typing on screen keyboard is simpler on a screen this large.The construction is not flimsy, but I don't think it would withstand falling on a concrete floor. I'm still to find a good protective case for the device; cases from Samsung N7000 are slightly too large.Bottom line: I'm glad I spent $165 on this device, and would recommend it to a friend.

Arrived quickly,  Works great with my network service.  You do not need any other gadget to help keep[ your life organized.  You have your address book, with all info you would need to have, video calling, if the other person has video calling, television, movies, .........Oh! and your phone.  Price is reasonable and shipping was free.

i do like thsi phone but how do i replace my N8000 5 Inch Screen because its a crack i want to keep this phone & what site do i go to see

To any one buying this product I would advise not to do so!!!!  When I had a technical malfunction of the product after just ONE MONTH of use, I contacted the seller to get a full refund on my purchase.  Only to discover that the company is located in China and sending the package there would cost me almost as much as the phone.  After weeks!!!  of arguing with this horrible company that has a horrible costumer support, when the phone finally arrived to China and I reiterated that I want a full refund they claimed that the screen is scratched!!!!!!  This is impossible since I didn't even take the protective plastic of the phone!!!!!!!!!!!!  So for your own benefit, don't buy this crap!!!!!!!!!!!

The larger screen is a very pleasing attribute and if the phone would've worked without cutting in and out I would have kept it, however, many times I had trouble so I returned it. The booklet doesn't tell the use much about productivity in learning the use of all it entails. So, anyone who may consider buying do your research and ask the seller for what answers you are questioning before buying. This will save extra time and money in later end result.

I enjoyed the phone the first few days I received it, but after that it did not work properly. There was no sound system. It seem like the speakers went out on the phone. This as s very disappointing.

NEVER GOT IT. I HAVE RECEIVED A DJ SOUND SYSTEM, CORDLESS MIC SYSTEM, A PALM, INCREDABLE, &  INCREDABLE 2 PHONES ,ETC. WHERE IS THE 5&#34;?!

Excelente telefono, super tiene el wow factor..Excelente telefono, super tiene el wow factor... Excelente telefono, super tiene el wow factor

I was accustomed to using Android 4 on my rooted Verizon Thunderbolt and wanted an unlocked phone that had those features. Naturally this one stood out in that regard so given the solid reviews I jumped. After a couple of weeks using it I don't regret the purchase but had some rough moments. As I look back those were caused by my lack of familiarity with getting a phone going with a sim card (Straight Talk) on a network I hadn't used before (AT&T;). The Straight Talk telephone support was not helpful (they weren't familiar with the phone) so I suffered through on my own, finally getting into the 3g network, where I have been since.The phone came as advertised. All software/firmware functions worked well. I was up and running with my google play account right away through wireless. All my apps downloaded and ran without a hitch. The phone size and weight are great. I typically carry it in a shirt pocket. Display is good (but don't expect amoled), battery life quite good for a smartphone (more than my Thunderbolt with an extended battery). Screen protector is a necessity--no gorilla glass here. I put in a 32gb micro SD and transferred most programs to it. The lights next to the front camera never worked, but I can easily live without them. I read in a review that the camera flash wasn't much anyway. Certainly the camera isn't up to today's smartphone standards. Grainy pictures that aren't near as clear as the ones taken by my Thunderbolt. But I typically use my tablet for taking pictures anyway. Video streaming (netflix, youtube) work well. I both read and listen to books and am pleased with the screen size and sound. I use Go apps for calling, texting, and contacts, and they work fine. All told, while I can relate to the frustration of the reviewers who gave the phone a 1 rating, your experience would very likely not be the same--but be ready for it just in case.REVISED:Now that the seller informed me that there are no led lights or camera flash on the phone (very odd for a smartphone) I'd like to change my rating to five stars. This phone is a very good deal--android 4, double sim, pretty good controls, nice weight and thickness. Worst feature is the camera and that's fine for quicky shots when quality isn't important. I am recommending it to my friends.

More and more people with smartphones are ditching these overpriced contracts to get these type of phones with a pay as you go plan.First, I have an android Sony Ericsson Xperia.  I purchased unlocked in June, I highly recommend to avoid this device.  I am on my 3rd time sending it back due to a known device error in which you can not charge the device with the usb.  At this time I was fed up, my husband took over this device and headache from Sony and I purchased this phone due to customer reviews all over the internet, just not amazon.I purchased Saturday and received the phone last night, via prime.My husband and I decided to let our AT&T; contract go, due to the excessive fees just for having a smartphone, even if you barely use the data plan, which we don't because we rely on wi-fi the majority of the time.We decided Net10, which uses AT&T; lines.  I purchased the sim card (and Net10 comes with 3 different kinds which mirrors AT&T;, T-Mobile and one for the iPhone), then purchased the 50.00 prepay card.  I followed the directions, slipped the sim card in this phone, configured the APN settings and was up and going in 10 minutes on my home wi-fi.  Also, tested the connectivity of the phone and got 3G signal.I deleted the chinese apps, as it is not applicable to me.  Loaded my favorite apps, no issue.  Tested the phone for skype usage with my niece, comes through like a charm.  The rear camera is better than the front camera, but that is not an issue for me.  Configured all my email accounts, everything runs smooth.The size of the phone is large.  I have a kindle fire which is a bit larger but not really that much.The resolution on the screen is great.  This is a perfect knock off of the Galaxy Note in just about every aspect with the exception of the amole screen.  The OS is 4.1.1I am still reviewing much of the settings, etc., but you can not beat the price of this phone, period.  With many leaving contract plans due to over prices for the data, wanting a smartphone, going to a pay as you go plan, this phone will suit your needs in every way, especially your pocket.Lastly, the phone has duo sim slots.  This is GREAT because before my AT&T; is up tomorrow, I slipped the sim card in and used the android app copy2sim and downloaded my contacts from my AT&T; card to my phone, then took the AT&T; sim card out and copied the contacts to the Net10 sim, voila, up and running!!!1/31/13 - P.S. this phone is currently available from Sears, saw it online!!!  Enjoy everyone, but get it from amazon it is cheaper than Sears!!!2/2/13 - Hard to find a case, though this is a knock off of the galaxy note, many cases configuratiion are slighty wrong for this phone.  The only case I found to be the exact configuration for this phone is here:LE BLACK High Quality Leather Case for Samsung Galaxy Note i9220 GT-N7000 Book Type

I can't believe how wonderful this phone is.  It's big and bright. Not laggy at all and very fast and I love the dual sim option too.

just what the satisfied reviewers had said. love everything about it . best of all im not in any contract paying for a recurring charges.

old phone is flip phone this is a changeable phone to me works with tmobile. i,m learning it fun but slow. also works with verizon internet i have so i guess i don,t need t moble

received item one day earlier than projected. received a courteous email from vendor.activated phone same day I received. so far the two areas I am trying to resolve are volume and making calls .1- volume as been set at max yet its half of my old phone.2- when I make a call after dialing , screen goes dark, I have to press power button to cancel call, but I cannot put a call on speaker phone ?????I have 14days, I will probably decide in two or three more days.therefore holding true judgement on this phone.WELL DAY 3 I FINALLY DECIDED TO RETURN THE PHONE. VENDOR IS VERY COOPERATIVE. ITS UNFORTUNATE THE ITEM DID NOT WORK.AMAZON WAS FAST IN REFUNDING THE BALANCE ON CC.

I have one bug with this phone. The phone is set to English. Everything displays in English except for the name of the person calling me and that displays in Chinese.  If anyone knows how to remedy that Id love to hear from you. The display and touch screen are as good as the best. The size is awesome. Photos are amazing. I saw all the great reviews first and based on that I took a chance. This is the nicest phone I've ever owned. So if someone can tell me how to change the callers name from Chinese to English, this phone would be perfect.

THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH VERIZON AT ALL. THANKS TO THE COMPANY FOR NOT LETTING ANYONE KNOW THIS. THIS PHONE SUCKS. I WISH IT COULD WORK WITH VERIZON.

the phone sucks and I don't know if the phone is got any warranty.it only lasted 1 month.$139.00 dollars down the draiwn.

ITS OK. THIS IS MY FIRST PHONE I BOUGHT THAT WASNT WITH A SPECIFIC CARRIER. ITS OK. NOT A HUGE FAN.

I received my phone within 2weeks. It was packaged really good. And it came with 2 batteries, 2 different cases, a purple stylus, and a car charger. The phone itself looks just like the galaxy note. I'm very pleased with my purchase.

I bought this phone on the 24th of Dec and got it in Jan 8th. I love the big screen. I was with Metro PCS but they don't use SIM card, so I bought a SIM from Simple Mobile. The internet is not working, I'm very disappointed with Simple Mobile but the phone is great! I love it!

The phone works just fine and it is just as described. It arrived way before the estimated delivery date. The screen is very cool and big. The tv doesn't work in my country but oh well... I'm very glad I bought it.

My screen is cracked and i want to get it fixed. Anyone know where i can send this phone or what materials to get so i can get it fixed?

First they send my phone back then I gt it late then I gt the phone and it dnt work an I cnt send it back wat type if mess is that so now I'm out of a phone an my money never again

I don't like the picture quality, bloothtooth want respond with my car when it's on haven't figured out how to use the gps function and I havent gotten 3g service yet even in 3g areas. I can't find a case for it anywhere, an the one the they sent me for it is too big

I really wanted to love and proudly boast about this phone but it proved to be what it is, a cheap knock off of the real one.  Externally it seems exactly like the Note but you quickly learn how the internals differ once you start using it.  It is SLOW!!! Like. really really slow.  Things hang all the time, transition from one app to the other takes forever.  Speed of the phone app during calls was just unbearable.  You didn't know if the call disconnected or was still on as it took a while for it to hang up.  Camera seemed to capture everything with a blue tint and low brightness.  Of course, the resolution is very poor.  Didn't connect via bluetooth to many of my peripheral devices.  The stylus was simply useless.. and that analog TV antenna which could have better served as a stylus is useless too especially if you are in areas that only service digital TV signals.  The only good use I seemed to derive out of the phone is to use it as a Kindle device.  You are better off buying a Kindle Fire over this phone.Now bought a Galaxy S3 and boy is it fast.  Very happy with my new purchase.

I wanted a phone that I didn't have to pay an arm and a leg for. I found this phone and was skeptical because it was coming from overseas. However the shipping was fast the screen is huge but I love it. It seems to have a couple of things missing that I can't quite put my finger on but I can tell is different from my last phone and it is hard to hear people on the speaker. I had to get a bluetooth just to hear people during conversations and I have K-9 hearing. Other than that though it will work for now until I want something better.

brain in phone did not work. It was such a Bad Ass phone, sum1 bought it from me. and they knew it would not read sim card

I bought a Verizon Sim card and took the phone to Page Plus to sign up on their system and the phone would not register as it did not have a vaild ESN #. Returned for credit with no hassles.

I used this during my trip in China lat month. I just put in sim card from China Unicom and it worked like a charm.

Looks and feels like a Note, but missing the punch of the amoled display. Some apps don't function correctly, and chinese characters are ever-present, even though the unit is configured for english. Otherwise, the phone system is clear, if not too loud, and the camera is excellent.  No tv antenna (as advertised), or stylus, but a good buy at around $500 less than the Samsung product.

I cant get it to work in 3g and it says no wifi when i try to watch netflix..does anyone know how i fix that? I have a t-mobile sims in it works good has internet but when i try to watch a movie on the netflix it says must have 3g or wifi to work ..how do i fix this?

I would rate it 5 stars but the phone came in another language which I had to change and program over!!!!!!!!! It came right on time. it also came with a free case!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

This phone was okay. When I first got it, it was awesome for me since I was an amateur at using smartphones. However, keep in mind that things are cheap for a reason. The quality isn't that good. The front-facing camera really sucks, very grainy and unfocused. The home button stopped working too, it just won't react when I press it. Additionally, I had a very hard time turning it on. Once I turn it off, it seems like I can't turn it back on no matter how many times I press it. I had to press the power button for a long time before it turned on. Not only that, the whole entire system just sucks. I have to wait a long time for the phone to load after turning it back on, and it's hard to make outgoing calls sometimes. The phone started having more and more malfunctions after using it, and I had problems with the charger. It just wouldn't charge, and the battery would die out really fast. It's even worse now that I've had it for a year. When I start charging, the screen freezes and turns completely white. I'm planning to buy a new phone now. This phone is okay for beginners at smartphones, but it can't last a year. As I stated, this phone is cheap for a reason. If you're willing to take the risks, then spend the money. But consider getting this phone as an alternative since it'll prove to be a disappointment. It's better to get a longer-lasting phone that costs more money than this cheap one that can't even last a year.

It took 3wks. for phone to arrive. I did all the factory resets.This phone will only pick up T-Mobile signal. I have Verizon. I took the phone into verizon store, they said It is a t-mobile phone and is locked. The seller gave me a pretty hard time about returning it and  when they finally gave in & issued a return label, I had to pay for shipping. I ended up buying the real Note2 from Verizon and LOVE it. You get what u pay for I guess.

I love this phone but it is kind of slow although it might be my cell phone provider. Even though i had to wait for the phone it came in great condition!

So I just received my phone today. I was extremely excited it was everything I imagined and more the phone is amazing I love the features it's big it's just like I was expectin.I thought that I would have problems when inserting my t mobile sim into this phone but everything works just fine. The phone has a spot for your memory card and has 2 spots for SIM cards! In my package I receive the phone 2 batteries can you believe that a charger and headphones. I must say though that the charger I receive doesn't charge the phone but hey who cares you can use any other old charger. So far I'm enjoying this phone I'm actually on it right now writing this review. If you're looking for a big phone like the Galaxy know and you're trying to say some money I highly recommend you get this phone and I highly recommend this buyer because everything was great.

Received this a few days ago. So far I am very pleased. It is fast and takes decent pictures. I like the set up, and the screen size is awesome! Great price!! Seriously can't beat it...

I like the note but the one I purchased must have been a defect. The flash/bulb was a very low beam then my speaker went out.

I've been using this phone for about 2 months now. To be honest i really like it. I didn't expect a perfect phone, I ordered this product knowing that problems might occur. When I got the product, i installed my T-mobile sim and SD card and it worked!01. CAMERA - the flash is like a flashlight! hahaha really crappy but the camera is pretty good in my opinion! Especially for outdoor photos! If you're indoors, the quality is not that good.02. BATTERY - I've seen alot of people commenting about the battery. I got my phone i was really surprised on how fast the battery drained but after a couple of days, the battery life was longer. It lasts for a whole day and i charge it overnight.03. SOUND - speakers are really bad. I personally don't mind because I like using my headphones. Its okay.04. PERFORMANCE - it was really good, a bit laggy sometimes (but its okay since it's not a perfect phone) I really liked it! I could Call and Text, use my 3G data plan and wifi. It resets by its own for no reason! It happened a couple of times. LATELY its became more irresponsible (like when you want to use task manager on your windows xp) and today its on a reboot loop (Its stuck on that animation where the worm crawls then forms the word android). I've contacted the seller about this problem, hopefully It goes well! I really like this phone and i can't afford another one.

It don't work in my apparent it saYs it change and not it is a s***ty phone it sucks bad

dont like that you cant screenshot or download pictures from facebook or google, and the quality of the camera is very poor.

I ordered another phablet for my husband as a christmas gift and it was a nightmare..this smart phone was to replace that one and he loves it. It is just as advertised, nice screen, I love the extras like battery, head phones, screen protector. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the camera. It is not at all good quality. Luckly this is not an issue for my husband..not a big picture taker, but if it were my phone it would be a dealbreaker.

The delivery was much faster than expected and the phone is AWESOME! The screen is impressively huge and color is vividly bright. The phone has all the bells and whistles of an Android 4.0 and works great! I love it!Merry Christmas!!

couldn't get the data for straight talk to work.took forever to get here.it worked great for a couple days, and then yesterday when i tried to make a call the screen went black.i had to take the battery out just to get the screen to come back on.speaker was also very shoddy.loved everything else about the phone though.

I too was skeptical about buying a phone from China but it had so many great reviews I gave it a try. The phone arrived within 2 weeks instead of 6 like it said it might take (didn't buy the exdpedited shipping).The phone was packed very well and arrived safely. i put in one of the batteries and my TMobile SIM card and the phone powered right up and works PERFECTLY. I am very pleased with this phone and would recommend it to anyone.*****************UPDATE**********************I've had the phone 8 months now. I have never dropped my phone. The screen doesn't want to work anymore. Most of my letters on keyboard are useless. Phone will not disconnect calls and gets hung up on many screens. It said it came with 1 year mfr. warranty. I hve contacted seller to see if I can get a new one. I have referred 3 others to buy this phone...and it looks like I might end up regretting it....

10/31/13 **UPDATED REVIEW** Now only 2 stars.I purchased this phone less then a year ago.  At first things worked out okay.  Now I am having all kinds of problems with this phone.  I have never dropped or shattered the screen yet the digitizer on the phone is bad.  I have several dead spots on the touch screen.  Currently I can only text and take pictures when the phone is in Landscape mode.  NOT COOL!!! Also the phone will just randomly shut off and I have to reboot the system.  I will contact (LOL Buy) the seller to see what if anything can be done about this.  I will make a repost regarding the result of contacting the seller. I would say if you only plan on using this phone for one year then this might be the phone for you.  However if you would like it to last longer then that then I would look elsewhere.Dec 30, 2012I waited to write this review to see if the phone was good or not.  So far so good.  I only gave it 4 stars because the phone instruction manual is a joke.  Once you boot the phone up there are more icons that you will see than what is listed in the  manual.  I even tried to google to find out what some of the other icons meant-Nada!! No info about this phones icons.  I had to just keep messing around with the phone until I could figure it out on my own.  What's in the box: Two batteries, 1 phone case, one wall charger with a usb cord charger, on the phone itself is the clear screen protector and head phones. Durability: NO CRACKS.  I have a shell case on it that came in the box.  Service: I use T-mobile.  The Note 8000 is a 3g phone.  It says it on the box so I wasn't expecting 4g.  It works on T-Mobile's 4g network and uses 3g and edge.  The only problem that I had initially with dialing was that I needed to switch to the other sim slot.  Once I did that I've had no problem since.  I can't wait to use the TV when I travel out of country.  In US this feature is a no go but it's a big crowd pleaser when showing the phone to friends.  FYI: It is important to turn the phone off for at least 45 seconds everyday.  When I don't do this I notice the phone doesn't function as well.  Treat it like you would a mini computer because after all it basically is anyway.  Overall not a bad purchase. Accessories:I recommend trying online.  There are not that many for this phone.  Don't expect all Galaxy Note accessories to fit this phone-you will be disappointed.

I LOVE THIS PHONE AND THE SELLER IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!! Just got it last night but I love it so far. Still need to play with it to get it together it's REALLY big. The Samsung Galaxy Note is just a little bit bigger than this phone,but it's an awesome phone.

The futures are different and the battery will not stay charged. =( i have no idea how to end the apps that are running so i guess that contributes. But i received by phone between the estimated shipping period and i got extras in the package. Thank you. However please contact me for some minor issues that can be fixed promptly

Just received it. I was told by T-Mobile employees that this &#34;piece of s@#!&#34; phone is non-compatible with T-Mobile. It is a clone of the Samsung Galaxy Note which retails for over $600. No matter what they do IT CAN'T BE CONNECTED TO THE INTERNET. It is supposed to be a smart phone, but really it is the stupidest phone I have ever seen. This phone is a fake! Don't buy it. Save up some more pennies and get yourself a quality phone. The phone was returned for a full refund.

I've been in telecommunications for 35yrs, and this phone is not a modern-day electronic telecommunications device, does all kinds of wierd things!!!!Cuts off, will not roam out of area, touch screen doesn't work correctly - you name it, it does it....

I was so excited about this new phone and it has been a disaster. Won't hold charge, won't connect to internet, goes off by itself. I am so disappointed.

Not what I expected. It is not 3G, Youtube, Google Play, internet takes a million years to load. Reminds me of dial up internet.

I knew the phone would be large, but WOW!!!The screen is nice, has great resolution and the colors are great too. It is a bit large, so it's hard to put it in your pocket. The resolution of the pictures taken with both cameras is pretty good. I like that you can expand storage with a Micro SD and that it has two SIM card slots that allow you to use two different numbers.

I really like this phone but it does have one drawback.  The plug- in for the earphone jack is a bit larger than the earphone plug.  So, I cannot listen to music or books on my cell phone when I am moving around because the ear phone constantly cuts out.

The phone is ok for the money, but now that google nexus 4's are 200 bucks I would definitely skip this one and get one of those.  Phone has some obnoxious OS issues, mine really slowed down after time, and then i dropped my phone and of course broke the screen (my fault but I think a more expensive phone would have survived).  Also I thought my internet was really crappy but now that I have a different phone with the same SIM card in it, my internet always works fine.

this phone is great! its practically an iphone but with android systems which to me is actually better it runs smoothly and i also recommend the seller they have been a great help they have returned all my emails and answered all my questions.

Phone came in 7 days, very good looking, beautiful screen. Wouldn't hold wifi signal unless I was next to my router so was very disappointed. Contacted the seller he said to do factory reset but have had same problem with low end tablets in the past and that never works. Had to go to Straight Talk website and reconfigure some settings on phone to be able to fully access my phones features but once I got my mobile web working the wifi issue became a non-issue anyway. Overall, really like this phone. Except for the wifi issue it is a real bargain for the price and a very attractive phone. Call volume needs to be louder but signal is strong for me so I will deal with the minor issues. Overall good seller, good product. Would buy again.

Was worried about how cheap the price was. Got the phone. Put in my sim card. Wow. It fired right up. You can also adjust the font size.. no more squinting.. my friends are paying top dollar for the same thing. I got 2 batteries, charger, battery cover , case and instructions.  Very easy to set up. I am very pleased.

ordered this phone because the headline says it has a tv, even said so in the feature section.amazon should do something about this its false advertising,its a scam.ordered this phone because of the tv.NO TV!!!!!!!!!!

it does not have 4G capability to use here. I wonder if it will work in Europe and asia at all.

Overall its a good phone , but it did not meet my expectations. My speaker doesn't even work anymore and its only been the second month I've had it. I can't play my music out loud, so therefore I have to gave my phone on vibrate all the time . I wish there was a way to get in contact with Customer service .

I bought this phone around the end of May. It has actually been wonderful until today (7/15.) It is stuck on the android boot screen and no natter what I do, it will not turn fully on. I have googled this and it says that it needs a ROM reset. I do not know how to get in touch with the seller to do this, so I am out $190. I have no phone now and I am just not too happy about this at all...do not waste your money on this phone!

I rate it a one star because when i got the phone it was functioning well with no problem until after 2 weeks. When I play diamond dash it frozes for a while and goes back to the menu or doesn't respond. it crashes a lot. After 3 weeks of using this phone I was playing subway surfer and the phone just crashed and stop working uptil now. I did everything I could remove the battery and insert it back and it wasn't working. Charged it nothing changed it was still the same.The worse part is i couldn't make a video call and i wondered why because, the first phone I had was the same as this one and i could video chat and do everything but it got damaged in water before i got this new one. The good thing about this phone is that it feels comfortable holding, you can download many apps and you can watch vidoes on it but this phone is kind of poor.

came sooner then expected works great perfect conditon. And was a great present for my boyfriend will definintly be doing bisnuess in the future :)

I had looked at the previous reviews for the phone so i would know what to expect. It is perfect for me and the screen is huge!! Camera isn't the bomb, but as i said, other people had mentioned it so i wasn't bothered by it at all. Lolbuy is the best! Got it from Hong Kong in 6 days to NC. It does act weird while charging (as in other reviews). The only issue I am having with the phone is that when i plug in my headphones, the music plays on the speakers as well and i don't understand why. But this is a great phone that was nicely packaged as well!! Had more than expected!

Everyone else who did a review before me hit the nail on the head.  This Phone is in one word AMAZING!!!!!  I love everything about this phone.  It came from Hong Kong to NC in 10 days well secured in the the original box, then wrapped in bubble wrap and then in a box and then taped up.  The phone is responsive, crisp and beautiful.  I love this phone.  I highly recommend it!!!

Let me start off by saying that the phone you get when you order is actually pink, not white as pictured. After a few weeks of using the phone I was relatively happy considering it was my first smart phone and to be honest I didn't expect much. The problem came when I wasn't able to charge the phone. I have no idea why but it will not charge AT ALL so of course the phone will not work anymore. There is no way for me to have it fixed since it is a chinese brand phone and no one has the parts to replace anything in america. I've emailed the company to ask for a replacement so hopefully they will do something but I'm not holding out hope.My advice would be to spend the extra money and by a brand name phone that you can easily repair/replace should you need to.

The phone didn't work  no good signal didn't work with straight talk very disappointed even though the phone looked very nice ..

This phone is a junk.Please don't waste your money.The volum is very low.The phone is not good.Go buy a phone in the local stores. The phone seems good at first,but you will find out later it just waste of money.

This phone was amazing the second i looked at it...i fell in love with every feature... BUT to start off they sent me the wrong color and an apology letter that they ran out...u have my number, call me....secondly, it would be amazing if they didnt lie to me about being able to use it on my company... i went to 5 different locations 4 my company and 3 flashing stores and no one could help me bc they could loose their job in doing so... well, one guy was kind of helpful... he said it would take him about 4 hours to look into the database of the phone to see if it could even be used.. he was going to charge me $200 minimum to just SEE if the phone would be compatable somehow... i waited 1 and a half months almost... and time and money waisted...

This device full filled my required.

Excellent!!!The Phones actually arrived way before the actual delivery date!Besides Terrible Reviews, which now I think are from another phone company, I decided to get them anyway.I bought 2 Smartphone as gifts for the New Year's and no problem at all.Everything as described and the phones work perfect!Just don't get the (Heavy Duty Hybrid Case - Silicone Case Skin + Hard Protector Cover Case, that they try to sell as a Combo. DOESN'T MATCH THE PHONE :)Definitely do &#34;Lolbuy&#34;

This phone was defective when I got it. When trying to make a call the screen turned black and couldn't make any calls much less see keypad or dial pad. Sent it back and of course I had to pay the shipping of $49.60 To send it back to china. Eventhough it was defective when I received it. I DO NOT think it is right to have to pay to ship an item back when it isn't working to begin when you receive it!!

This a good dual sim card smartphone, I am using it during deployment and in the USA (Tmobile).Pros: price, sound, camera, apps and other functions are working as expected, and the size is great. this phone is cheaper and has more functions than many branded phones in America.Cons: there is not hard case for this phone; it does not allow wifi phone calls, and it is not 4g (expected).Delivery was a little bit slow but customer service was fast responding with a tracking number.I will recommend this smartphone to anyone not  user~dependent of a 4g network in permanent basis.

Great phone for the money, I bought this phone for my husband and he loves it, we have family mobile from Wal-Mart and it works great. The phone arrived in 5 days and it came with 2 batteries. I recommend this phone to anybody that wish to have a nice phone without paying a fortune .

I was OK with this phone, but now it will freeze at least once a day!!! Especially on a incoming call and text. Have to remove the battery to restart and that SUCKS!!!Anybody knows how to stop the freezing???

Ok, so I was worried that what the phone will turn out, but turns out it is great. The screen is like 5 inch and it serves as a mini tablet to me. Almost exactly the same as an android tablet. Excellent, shipping takes time but worth it and battery life is good too.

I ordered this 2 phones but they didn't work properly. I sent back one first and after received it that didn't work either and I sent both of them for the second time. But this time I asked for a refund and the seller kept saying that he never got them back. The cellphones just &#34; disappeared&#34;. After several months writing and waiting I decided to file a claim but  AMAZON said that the could not do anything.I believe without any doubt that the seller didn't want to refund the money. That was more than 400.00 USD (including two times the shipping).And I wonder myself: What kind of person risk the business for 2 phones? And how AMAZON protect us from this situation???Be careful.

it does not work right at all. i have it for two months and i have been having problems with it since i opened it from the the box. it will not light up when i take it down to hang up. it blinks all the time. i am really getting frustrated with this phone.

I have always bought unlocked phones, usually through Amazon.  I was never into buying phones from providers, getting ripped off in the process.  A lot of people don't realize usually people would be paying 1.5 to 2 times the actual amount of the phone just from signing up for a new contract, minimum data plans and what not.  A lot of people think they're getting a deal with those &#34;subsidized phones&#34;, ha!  Lots of sheep out there I tell yah.  Never used Android phone before, but I'm very familiar with the platform since I do have it on my tablets.  So I knew what to expect.The phone itself was, surprisingly, very well built.  Sure, it not made of polycarbonate or brushed aluminum like a lot of branded phone have.  But for the price, it was more than I expected it to be.  Plus I have dropped it a couple times already, my daughter even at one point threw it to the ground from about 4 feet high (mind you, I don't use any case or jacket), it only got a scratch and everything else still worked.  No cracked glass like some phones out there after dropping it just once.  OS is snappy and comes with a lot of usual bells and whistles.  I wasn't happy that the GPS does not work offline, something I might have misunderstood reading the description when I placed my order.  I used to like using my phone as my dedicated GPS unit as well, less clutter in the car.  And I'm not going to bother using data for my GPS.  But for how much I paid for it I was willing to forego that part.  Camera is so so, but I kinda expected that.A couple cons though, the description stated it came with an analog tv feature, granted I can't use it around here, but the unit did not come with it.  You could see cleary in the picture the antennae at the bottom of the phone, mine didn't have that.  A little false advertising there.  And if I remember correctly, forgive me if I'm wrong, it also stated that it comes with a free case, again not on mine.I would definitely recommend this to anyone, actually I did already.  Even bought my wife something similar to this.

I did like the phone at the beginning. I found out from other people I am not getting all my calls, and about half of my texts will not open up.  I have talked with my phone carrier, they say it is missing some software. Also I cannot get the camera to work on the phone. Nicely said I am not happy with the phone.

I bought this phone for my daughter and was impressed when it arrived in a timely manner. Very nice looking, had all the equipment it said it would. It was obviously new, phone came right on and the graphics were awesome. My daughter loves it. Works well, is clear speaking and hearing. Was well worth the purchase.

A five the only thing its missing is screen shot...I love it .... The picture quality the screen the weigh....

This is a techno century and you can't follow it unless if your are crazy person. I can't say it is better than I phone, Samsung or Nokia but it has got all necessary things that we needed.Great phone, I suggest to buy it and tell you what you don't have to buy ipad or tablet when you have it once.

has some good qualities that most smart phones have, but the sound when held to your ear was very low. Can hardly hear anything. Also when you place a call the screen immediatley blacks out so you cannot use the keypad to erase voicemail etc. Even though the setting is set to time out after a longer time. The sound went crazy after a couple of days of having it. It refused to ring then when it did it sounded like it was sick. My son put an amplifier app on it and it helped. Maybe I just got a lemon. Too, the picture quality is terrible. To me it wasnt worth the money spent.

Works great.

I've had the phone for a little over a month nowPros:-Box comes packed with accessories. Two batteries. Car charger. Regular charger socket (I requested an Irish and American one and they were happy to oblige). USB cable that fits the socket. Earphones (mine were broken). Instruction manual. Plastic case. 8gb micro SD card.-Screen Protector already fitted.-Runs latest version Android (Ice Cream Sandwich)-Looks very good-Dual SIM function very easy to use. I have both an Irish and American SIM card in at all times and it flawlessly works both at the same time. I receive messages and calls etc. from both when they come in. When sending messages or making phone calls it asks which SIM you would like to use. I have it set to default for one of them (depending on which country I'm in) so it doesn't bother me by asking.-Battery lasts a decent amount of time. I am a hardcore phone user, generally flicking through images and videos online and texting non stop. Battery lasts me for about 6 hours of solid use so should last all day for normal use. The included spare battery is very handy.-Takes micro USB charger (International standard charger)-No problems with signal or dropping calls like some other users have reported.-Speakers are very loud, great for playing music.-Takes panoramic photos. Difficult to get used to but a great feature when used correctly.-Resilient. I've dropped it a few times now and it hasn't been damaged yet. I've been trying to find a case for it but haven't found any that I like on Amazon as of yet. Some other users recommend Samsung Galaxy Note cases for it (they fit when the plastic back is on it according to some reviews)Cons:-Doesn't charge while in use. When I have it plugged in and I have the screen awake the battery percentage doesn't increase (nor does it decrease). I charge it overnight for this reason so it's not a big deal.-Sometimes shuts off when I unplug the charger but turns back on then.-T.V. function is for analogue T.V. only which has been replaced by digital in most countries worldwide so I haven't been able to use this function.-When I received it the home key button was actually scratched pretty badly. The rest of the phone looked flawless though and this didn't bother me enough to request a replacement.-Occasionally the touch screen misbehaves or becomes unresponsive. I find this happens frequently with the charger that was included. I just use an old Samsung charger that I have. The included charger is a bit short also.-The charger port is a little loose. I find that my Samsung charger falls out when moved at all. USB cables fit it perfectly though (which doesn't really make sense as they're supposed to be the same size..?)-Camera and flash not very good. My previous phone also had a 5MP camera with flash and in comparison the Star takes really low quality photos. The flash is the worst flash I have every seen on anything. It is literally just a light. A very dim light at that.Biggest pro is obviously the price. That cannot be beaten!Biggest con is the camera/flash.

The top 12&3 buttons don't work when I try & unlock my screen. Is there anything I can do, or do I send it back?

Ordered this phone on January 13, 2013, it was shipped out on the 16, and I got on the 28.  Not bad at all.  The phone has a sharp 5 inch screen.  OS is smooth, It's nice to have two Sim card slots.  it has TV and FM, you do need the antenna for the radio, but with tune-in, you can listen to local and world-wide radio stations.  The TV is nice if it works in the States.  If you recall a few years ago all of our TV systems  wend digital.  However many other countries are still analog.  so the TV will work in other Countries,. but not in the USA, as far as I am aware.  Good phone, good features, great price, and let's hope it lasts.

There are few phones out there that offer the value that this phone does. The large screen makes reading web pages and articles fun without having to zoom in. The screen resolution makes pictures look crisp but Youtube videos are hit and miss; some look great, others low quality. The camera is basically good on well lot areas but does poormy in low light conditions. All in all for the price, it's the best. Plus it works great with Walmart's Straight Talk plans. No more contracts for me.

SUPER BUMMED had for two days never charged properly. Started out functioning just fine. After one day key pad functions stoped working properly and by second day could npt amswer or make calls much less nything else..... think i just got a bad one. Looking to buy another note 2 hopefully hv better luck....

love my phone i used to have an iphone but i dont regreat swicthing to the anroid. great apps, i do every thing on my phone

I purchase a phone for myself which worked well,so i decided to get one for my wife, the proximity sensor does not workwhich made the phone useless,when you make a call the phone black out. (you dont how to put the phone to your ear)there is noway to hang up or to respond to the call.....the factory needs to check their product before selling,am notthe only one with this problem

I would like to start off by saying I received a different phone than what was advertised. The phone I received didn't have the TV antenna which is no big deal since I am in the US and we don't use analog TV here anymore. Also the phone ran Android 4.2 not 4.0 which is an upgrade so it was a plus.Now I researched this particular phone for weeks before I purchased it. I knew there was a risk but after reading many reviews I decided to click buy. What i received was not what i researched so I was a bit upset but the phone looked great so I tried it out for about a week.The phone itself looked very nice. It didn't feel or look cheap. The screen looks great and way better than expected. Andoid 4.2 ran flawlessly and never had any lag or freezing problems in the week I had it. I was really surprised on how great the phone ran since my expectations weren't very high. The resolution on the display was bright and sharp. Most apps worked fine.Now I will explain the bad and why I returned the phone. The camera. It's bad. I have always used my phones as my primary camera since it's always on me and I have 2 little ones so I am always snapping dozens of pictures per day. The back camera was OK in very good lighting but still one of the worst phone cameras Ive seen since having about 5 different smartphones in the past 5 years. The front facing camera was so bad it was totally not useable. I also couldn't get mms to work on the phone which could have been a service thing (straight talk.)  Some apps did not run well. Youtube streamed fine but netflix would not play videos. I couldn't video chat at all with any capable app. Now what was a main deal breaker for me was the earpiece was absolutely terrible.I could barely hear anybody at the highest volume setting and it sounded very staticy. It drove me crazy. Also the person on the other line couldn't hear me very clear.So all in all I think this is a decent chinese smartphone for what you pay for. Since I take lots of pictures and use my phone to actually make phone calls it did not work for. Other than than that the display looks great, Android runs good, and most apps work fine.

i waited for this phone for one monthand not a very nice customer serviceeven though i got my money backi DO NOT RECOMMEND IT :/SORRY

I have been buying products on Amazon for years and I have never had a problem until now. I only bought the phone for the tv but it came with now. The phone specs were also misleading. The overall usage of the phone was bad too like for example the key board sucks.

Awesome phone. Very fast and competes right with the major brand names. You would regret not getting this phone if you understood how it's all around just amazing. Enjoy it as much as I do.

I absolutely love this phone.  It meets all my expectations and then some!  Mine takes great pictures and does have a flash, even though I've read on some reviews that it did not.  Its not a bright flash, but there is a flash!  I recommend this phone, but you do have to know a little about configuring phones to use all the features!  I'm not quite there yet!!

I order dis phone on da 8th of july and I recieved it on da 20 ofJuly. I am very suprise because it came from hong kong and I'm n da united states (louisiana). Da phone is great its works great. Evathan they mkers say it would do. I do recommend this phone for anyone who wants an unlock phone are jus want a phone. The only thing is the phone do get warm real quick.

The phone I like. I cannot seem to get around the Chinese. I  also cannot seem to get instructions on how to do this properly.  Based on reviews I read when considering the  phone, I  thought it would be no problem. Since it is a problem, I am not getting near the full potential of the device. Not the phones fault,  I guess.  Next time my research will be a lot more detailed.

before i purchase the phone i would like for someone to please answer my question if this is a unlocked phone does that mean  i can switch my number over to this phone using cricket wireless  (witch i already have)will it work? or is it only gsm someone please answer fast :)

This is the worst phone.  Do not spend your money on it.  Phone will not charge, battery life the pits

i got this phone approximately two weeks from purchase.in the package came 1 phone case, a ear phone and phone screen coverphone case did not fit, ear phone very low qualityabout the phone, very good look and feel like a samsung galaxy note, apps came pre-loaded, overall the phone itself feels and looks greatdownsidecamera sucksbattery dies easilyoverall very good buy

Have you ever felt like....i dont know....pulling out a sword and smashing a phone to pieces? Well if you have never felt that feeling before buy this phone. Im not impressd by this phones performance at all. 3g sucks. camera sucks. MMS didnt work..at all. Phone quality sucks. No flash on the camera. Dropped calls like bombs out of ww2 planes. They should have a warning label on the back of this phone or in the manual : "Warning: May cause severe anger problems, holes punched in the dry walls of your house, explicit swearing, headaches, depression, and last but not least slamming your face into earth." Dont end up like me and buy the phone. Let it stay in Hong Kong, and never let it come onto US soil.

Excellent value for the money phone. Does things well. Camera's great too although it doesn't do well with moving objects.

Dont Buy this phone!!!!! Spend your money on a name brand product. This phone has the worst signal reception ever. I feel like I am in a commercial driving around to find a signal. With my other nokia E71 on the straight talk service I had perfect reception. I get the worst reception now at my house were it was once 3g. The screen seems to have a gel patter when I touch different parts. It will probably turn into a 5" paper weight. Spend the money on a name brand product like Nokia, Dell, Samsung, HTC, or another reliable phone manufacture. This is just a cheap copy and works like a cheap copy. I want to throw this phone against the wall about 4 times a day. Ohh and I have to restart the phone about 4 times a day too just for it to locate a signal. So all in all save the money stick with a good product.

Well I had AT&T and got tired offspring those high bills every month so I am now a family mobile user thru Walmart it uses tmobile towers great service this phone works great very fast shipping very happy customer had told several people and they each bought one too! Yessss I'm serious u will love it ! Peace!

After using it, I like this product because it is a unlocked phone. My idea was to use it anywhere when I travel and it is very convenient to me.  However, it is a waste for analog TV design on this phone since most of countries use digital TV nowadays. In over all, it is OK with it and it is not what I like the most.

I opted to buy this phone instead of going through my regular service provider. Got it in record time. Took it provider for SIM card. They finally figured how to install but couldn't give any tips about the features. One sheet User's Manual didn't help. A more extensive booklet would be appreciated.Second issue...what kind of protective case will work with this phone? The one I ordered when I purchased the phone is too short and the opening for the on/ off screen doesn't match up.

This phone was okay for like 5-6 month, even though the camera was bad but than it just wouldn't charge and none of the battery would work, i regret buying it, it was a waste of my money.

I learned a lot after purchasing this phone. The phone worked fine, it was good for what was paid - however, it was not compatible with T-Mobile 3G data, only EDGE. It is compatible with AT&T; 3G service (for ATT subscribers). I purchased this phone from NEWISLAND and they were responsive with emails, but I had to return the phone because the phone was not worth it to me without 3G speeds.The specs state:3G WCDMA:2100 ; GSM: 800/900/1800/1900MHzEven though T-Mobile 3G works on 1900/2100 band, it is NOT the same as GSM 1900. For this phone to work on T-Mobile 3G, it would need to be WCDMA 1900.I will edit this review upon refund.

Does this phone fit in a galaxy note otter box? I would like this phone but i need it to fit

MY LIKES:1). When I turn on my phone I like the way it starts up with the little Android thing.2). It came with this cover for your phone.3). Came with 2 batteries.4). Came with a screen protectant.5). I like the messaging conversation look. It's not bubbles like with an iPhone or with the Samsung Galaxy Note 2.6). You can throw this phone on the ground as hard as you can because of how bad it will irritate you and it won't crack. It's plastic!MY HATES:1). My AT&T; sims card was too small so I went to Radio Shack and spent $25 on a bigger sims card & then I went to AT&T; and got it activated. It now works so it's alright now. But that was pretty irritable.2). I don't know if in the description the seller said it was pink. Maybe I didn't read it. I don't like the color pink. I thought it was white so that upset me. What if I was a boy? I would have returned it.3). The ear phones look and feel cheap.4). I bought this yesterday and this already is freezing up on me when I try to text. It hasn't been even 24 hours since I'v actually started using it.5). When I'm texting someone and I want to erase the whole text message that I was about to send I would hold the backspace button down to erase faster and then the keyboard just goes away and I have to swipe up to get the keypad back up. So you have to individually, for each letter backspace.6). When I'm in a phone call I can't use my phone at all. My phone goes black and I can't do anything until the person on the other end ends the call. I can't end my calls. The other person has to hang up because I can't. So I can be in a phone call with my mother and then I can't hang up. What if my boyfriend says something inappropriate before I got to hang up?7). It feels cheap in your hands.You don't need a case for it. It's plastic. I've actually thrown this phone on the ground twice as soon as I started using it because of how bad this phone is. It doesn't even deserve half of a star rating.8). When I'm texting someone I have to be careful because I'll be texting and then all of a sudden the keypad goes away and its hard to swipe the keypad back up.9). The phone has 2 sim card places so if you only have one sim card in the phone it will keep on asking you if the 2nd sims card is ready to use in the notification area.The only reason I'm keeping this phone is because I've had my wait to get this phone. I don't wanna do the whole returning bull crap. & that I only need it until I get my Samsung Galaxy Note 2 fixed in my hometown because AT&T; where I live now doesn't repair unfortunately.

I ordered this phone 2 weeks ago and received it in only 5 days, contrary to the 2-3 week shipping estimate. The phone has a very solid feel to it, and there is nothing flimsy about it. The screen is HUGE; it dwarfs my iPod touch. It came with a usb charger, a cord, 2 batteries, a pre installed screen protector, a plastic back cover type case, and a cheap set of headphones with an inline mic. The battery life isn't bad if you make sure to manage the wifi, GPS, brightness, and bluetooth settings. Obviously if you leave them on all the time, battery life will be almost non-existent. This phone does support tethering, and it works well for me. I was able to use the phone's internet on my laptop with no problem. The maps are good, but the phone sometimes has trouble in buildings locating the GPS signal. The rear facing camera takes good to very good pictures, but sometimes has trouble focusing correctly. The front facing camera isn't great, but it's only used for skype anyway, so no complaints. The proximity sensor that shuts off the screen when you have the phone to your ear works fine for me; I had read somewhere that it would hang up when you touched the phone's end button against your cheek, but that hasn't been a problem. Also, this phone does have an accelerometer, aka gravity sensor, so games like bike race work well on this phone. This phone is really fast, too. I can stream music while playing games without a problem. The flash is about as bright as the flash on other smart phones and the touch screen is really sensitive. Ice Cream Sandwitch is nice, it works perfectly on this phone. The phone does act a little funny when it's charging on the included charger, but it works fine with other micro usb chargers, so no worries there. The main speaker is pretty loud for a phone, but the speaker used for phone calls could be louder. I activated this phone with Straigh Talk and had my old tracfone number ported to this phone in less than 2 hours. The stock keyboard leaves something to be desired, so I recommend that you just download Swiftkey 3, which costs about $4 after a free one month trial. In all, this phone is really great, especially when you consider that an unlocked Samsung Note costs around $500.UPDATEThis phone is still going strong after about 3 months. Sadly, after having it for only a couple weeks, I dropped the phone on its face and the camera stopped working. Since I'm not much of a picture taker and I didn't feel like going through the hassle of returning it, I figured I could live with it and kept going. A couple days ago I fell off of my longboard with the phone in my pocket and the screen cracked, as would any phone when the weight of a human sand witched it against concreted. This phone is so good I'm just gonna buy another one to replace my current one. Seriously, if I wasn't so rough on it it would still be functioning just as good as when I got it; it's not any slower than when I got it. Highly recommend.

I bought and received this product in early January. It was my escape from Sprint and their awful service in order for me to pay less money on my wireless plan.I am giving this product 2 stars. 1 star being terrible! A half star because you get an inexpensive Android device with Ice Cream Sandwich and another half star because of the 2 sim card slots giving me more flexibility.Pros:Shipping from Hong Kong took 3 days to get to me in Los Angeles. Came with 2 batteries and a screen protector already stuck on it.Runs Ice Cream Sandwich, so you get all the features that you would expect from that OS.2 SIM card slots. I can take advantage of T-Mobiles $30/ month plan for data and unlimited text. With those 100 minutes they throw in I shopped around and got a secondary SIM card for more, cheaper minutes. 2 SIM cards = 2 phone numbers.Huge screen.Totally unlocked! No bs software. Made for developers and hackers because you can really dig into the phones code if you wanted to.Cons:T-Mobile claims that this phone doesn't have 3G, so they dumbed it down to 2G "EDGE". Complete bs!The light sensor went wacky! Usually when you receive a call like I did on my previous HTV EVO 4G, the screen will go black once you put the phone up to your ear, then the screen will light back up when you take the phone away from your ear. Well, once I make or receive a phone call, the screen goes black and no amount of button pressing will get it back! The little sensor keeps flashing a red light at me, but it's barely noticeable. So that part is defective. It's annoying when I make a call because I can't use the screen to enter numbers if I have to call a company's automated system. AND if I call a friend and it goes to voicemail, I have to leave my message then tell them when it's over. Sit through the voice prompts telling me to press 1 or 2 for whatever and I cant hang up the phone!Stylus' aren't compatible. I trie using a Nintendo 3DS pen as well as other stylus' and none of them work.The antenna is useless in America. We use a digital tv signal here so the analog antenna receives nothing. AND if you wanna use the FM radio, you still have to plug in headphones.It has corrupted my mini sd card twice now. I think it's from dropping the phone. Even though this morning I dropped it on my carpet from about 2 feet high. I think that's what causes this problem.The phone is super slippery! You have to use 2 hands.The wifi is awful.The volume on the ear piece is super low.That's about it for now.This device makes for a great back up phone or a wanna be tablet.

So far my experience is great.. Except one of my batteries stopped charging so i had to start usin the second batter I was provided.. But it's good so far

I gave this 3 stars because it is a decent phone but I am a major camera freak, the camera on this phone is awful and the flash does absolutely nothing when taking pictures. The overall phone is good and it worked great on my T-Mobile service, but I did have a problem when making phone calls. All in all the phone is fine but not necessarily worth buying. Hope this helps, any questions just ask.

I would definitely recommend this phone to my friends and family. I bought it from LOLBUY and got it within 6 days! I've been experimenting with it all day today and I can honestly say that this phone is perfect (well for me anyway). I popped in the t-mobile prepaid $30 unlimited text and web sim card and it was working perfectly. Even though i do not actually receive 3g speed and i am always on edge its not really much of a problem for me because I'm constantly near WiFi all the time. Other than that there are only pros in regards to this phone, it runs really smoothly, the camera quality was actually perfect for me, and i made about 6 phone calls today and i had no problem whatsoever with the volume or the speakers. This phone is definitely one of the best purchases i have made. This phone was meant to be a Christmas present but now i don't want to give it up!*****Edit*****So the phone was working fine for a month or two. And now it has randomly refused to turn on after flashing me a white screen. It has been off for more than 26 hours!*****Edit*****againThe supplier I bought it from is supplying me with a new phone! So no more problems!

the phone is great and when i tell people it wasnt $600 it gets even better.  thinking of giving this one to my wife and buying another

Received it earlier than the day I was expecting. I even like the TV antenna that is attached to it. Live on the Mexican border and because I am bilingual I watch the shows from Mexico. Other that that, popped in my Sim card, followed instructions and have internet.

Garbage.  The GPS shows me miles from my actual position.  It has half the range of my old LG Optimus for reception.  Memory allocation sucks, and it's slow as molasses.  Did I leave out anything?  Did I say it's garbage?  Yeah - it's an expensive play toy for my grandkids as I write this.  Save yourself the irritation.

I was looking for an unlocked Android 4.0 phone. After doing some research, reading some reviews I narrowed it down to this phone. On paper it seems to have all the features I wanted: Android 4.0.4, large screen, unlocked, dual SIM and an affordable price. I must say, I see people who order things from China and I was a bit skeptical. So, I took a leap of faith and I ordered this phone. It took about 5-6 days to get the order confirmation. Once the order was processed it took a few more days to get the package out and delivery took around 7 days. Not bad if when the estimated delivery date was somewhere in or after October 10th. I got my phone after Labor Day holiday (Sept 4). So, very pleased with the delivery and the packaging was good too. It came in an envelope but inside the envelope the original from factory box was wrapped on layers and layers of bubble wraps. It's worth to mention the factory box was also very sturdy and capable to resist bumps and heavier objects, in short, not your typical cardboard box many electronic ship these days. That was a plus considering the long trip from China. About the phone, the phone came with two batteries, wired earphone and microphone, charger with USB cable, plastic clip-on shell(it gets keep a better grip as the phone fairly thin). The cable for the charger also works as USB cable for the PC. The phone came loaded with Android 4.0.4 dated to August 2012 (no bad!). The screen is huge, it feels you are holding a mini-mini tablet. It feel sturdy and well built. This was one of my concerns when i ordered, but once I opened the box I was very satisfied with the built quality and materials. I like the big screen, it's crisp , bright, very responsive, no dead pixels or lag. Multi-touch works great. I installed my T-mobile SIM and it worked without any additional action. I also used Wifi to make internet calls and it works good. I installed Viber and Imo and they both work good for internet calls. Viber seems to have better sound, but more attenuation, Imo seems to have better connectivity but the sound is way lower (maybe smaller data packets?). Of course, I installed Angry Birds, the big screen makes it great to play. The phone has two cameras, both worked flawlessly. I was able to switch cameras and take pics without any problem. The quality is acceptable considering the price, I mean, i hear people bitch about bad quality pics from phone's cameras and they seem to forget, its a phone not a camera. Ok, back to the review. The phone comes with GPS, I haven't tried it. It comes with TV and even small antenna. So far it seems to have capability for analog, in USA that's pretty much useless as all TV signals are digital. Not sure if there is an app or if the phone will allow digital signal. Anyway, i didn't buy the phone for that reason. It would be a nice to have but not a must have. Calls are nice and clear. No dropping no problems. I only noticed it gets a bit warm after 15-20mins of use during a call. Overall I am very satisfied with my purchase and I would certainly recommend. One last thing, just for reference, the phone seems to have great similarity with Samsung Galaxy Note.

I have created a RMA for this phone, but after I wrote a terrible review, the seller responded to me and after a few emails - it was sorted out. Instead of reading and having issues with the chinese in this youtube video (watch?v=1zhf8rsEuc4) -  you can do the same in the settings, display,  'Als_ps calibration'. Use a book or other item bigger than the phone, and click ' adjust' then cover the item on the screen. When you call next time, it won't be black. I have found however, ( the same as in the youtube video), that when the phone restarts - this value is not saved and you have to do this again.Another probem is the wireless (wiFi) connection. Everytime the phone's screen turns off, I have to disable and enable wifi, even if I did not move the device from within the wifi range - it looses connection when the screen turns off.So, I will proabably keep this phone as a second/backup phone.Not the best there is, but for this price, it's a 'better than nothing', backup phone.

Cheap and works

I'm not going to give a full review for this phone, all I have to say about the phone is that it is amazing especially at the price. There is two major problems with it though. #1. The battery dies insanely quick. As I type this my battery has gone from 51% to 47%. And 2%. It is similar to the Galaxy Note. Don't let it fool you that its the same though. The size of the phone is like a half inch smaller and the volume, power, camera buttons are all on the opposite side opposed to the Note. Anyway one big critical problem. There is absolutley no cases for this phone. I have never owned a Note but after buying two Note cases for this phone, I'll be the first to tell you Note cases don't fit. They are to big and like I said the buttons and as well as the front camera doesn't line up. So if anyone else on here happens to know where I can find a case for it. It would be greatly appreciated. Honestly I don't want to have this ugly, flimsy case on such a good looking phone. So email Me if you happen to know where I can pick a case up. krisnace@gmail.com

Got my phone through a friend 2 days ago....very happy about it, the packing is excellent too, shipping is fantastic, for sure i'm gonna order again and tell all my friends about this good seller.Good job !! Keep it upTanintoa S. Marshall Islands

I love this phone because it was a great price for all the great features it has. Although I dislike the camera and the fact that it is hard for me to find cases for it, it's a great phone. I would definately recommend this phone to anyone!

This phone is beautiful and that's it. The volume on this phone is just awful. You can't hear anything the other person is saying on the other line, you can't hear the radio. The only loud thing you hear is the ringer. It has a very poor quality usage. After just a month, the screen is frozen.

Great first experience buying a Chinese brand phone. My initial fears were the same that most people have; am I buying an inferior product, is this too good to be true, and will it be compatible with Android features in the U.S.? All of them are legitimate, but gladly none of them are well founded in this case. If you are worried about some compromises between this phone and the Samsung Note II, then here is a bit of a run down.First, the back of the phone is not as durable as it could be. Also the screen isn't Amolded or anything like that but it is still a fairly good quality.Second, I don't believe that it carries the same "beam technology" that you will find on the Samsung S3. The phone was under $200 bucks...big deal.Third, you will definitely want to buy a memory card because the memory on the hard drive is almost non-existent. The camera quality, especially the front facing camera is...well...its bad really bad compared to other phones I've had, but in the same breathe its not the absolute worst either. You will have to decided on that.All in all the phone was a wonderful buy, and if you use the right seller you will have an awesome experience and your wallet will thank you. My friends were so jealous over the quality and the price of the phone, it just makes sense to me to NOT throw hundreds away for the sake of a name and a few bells and whistles...***Update***Ok so I used the Straight Talk ATT compatible sim with the phone and the call quality was...okay not great. BUT the stupid phone goes completely blank when placing or receiving calls!!! Others have complained about this problem. I tried adjusting phone settings...nothingSo although I liked the phone, this is TOTALLY a deal breaker, but I am an optimist and am going to try a replacement, I will update you on that soon.

I received the phone and at first it was good until I plugged it into the charger it decreased the battery percentage. So I tried using the other battery and the same thing happened... Now I'm stuck with two batteries that don't charge which means I can not use the phone! This was the worst so I'm returning the phone to get a full refund hopefully!

i loved the size the price and the look but the &#34;speed&#34; wifi connection was like from a third world country...i will never buy another phone off line i guess u get what u pay for

This cell phone is running very well, performance and function all are good.This phone is worth to buy.I recommended it

The apps are good but the actual phone is horrible. The reception is horrible with many dropped calls. At times I have to use Skype, something I never had to do before.

All my questions were answered right away quickly after i emailed the SELLER... very nice, and also very quick!THANK YOU i cannot wait to get this 5.3 inch phone, i know its a boot leg version of Samsung but very cost efficient and totally worth every penny!!!i've ordered phones online, this seller seems very legit and HONEST... i am also familiar with these foreign type of phones....i am in CALI, this seller is in HONG KONG...  seller said it would take 5-10 days THAT IS JUST REGULAR FREE SHIPPING...!! I LIKE THat  ;)i will post again  ONLY if there is a problem, i highly doubt it....thanks for reading...Peace and LOve

I ordered three of these phones but to my disappointment only one arrived. I really love the phone and I was excited about receiving the other two. These were going to be Christmas gifts for my kids. Any who, I have been back and forward with the seller b/c the other two phones never arrived. I don't know where they became lost but if they would have shipped the UPS or FED EX we would not have this issue. Anyhow the seller is telling me to file a police report for my phone, hone that were improperly shipped. How is this my problem?The phone that I do have is really nice and it functions quite well. It's a great gift if you can get it in your hands. But BEWARE the shipping is very bad.

I first puchased this phone on November. It seemed very nice and liked it. But after 3 months the screen trapped in dust. I tried multiple ways to get it out but no luck.1 month later, I come back home and sat down then my phone beeped for something in the notifications bar. It said that the sd card was corruped and i recently bought a 32gb sd card. SO i thought it was just the card, i bought a new one. Well, it didn't read it either. So i tried the sd 4gb card that i had when i bought the phone, it worked, then 3 weeks after it stopped!!! The reader stopped working.2 months later I noticed I couldn't hear the ringer when I got a call. Turned out the speaker stopped working. Even the earphone jack stopped working.Before the speakers stopped working, The Andriod aluminum emblem sticker was bending off. This started the month after i got the phone, so I kept super gluing it back but still bend back off. So last Sunday I was walking into a gas station and reached into my poket to look at the time, my thumb had hit the emblem then i got hurt well i looked and it had sliced my thumb open. It actually cut pretty deep. I highly suggest everybody to always choose a high quality brand named phone!!! Such as: apple, htc, and nokia!

Well i was excited about this phone at first... i ordered it on a Thursday; paid for 1 day shipping.. just received it today Tuesday. Some of the letters don't work, so now i cant even sync my accounts to the phone. The phone is moving without me even touching it. Its better to spend a little more to get the real thing, Im Returning it.

My son was pleased with it for christmas. The case that came with it wont won't stay on but other than that we were very pleased. This was the first time I ordered off of amazon so it turned out good.

As soon the phone came in via UPS, within 5 to 10 minutes phone didnt work. shut dont never turn back on.

I used this for about a year. It was a decent phone.. it just really cracks easily, like too easily. I do  not even want to touch it sometimes.

when i first got the phone i was on fire about it. as i have spent the last few weeks learning it i am learning more about it and loving the features. however, i have sent the seller two messages letting him know i am experiencing some problems and he has not responded. when i first got the phone he readily responed with no problem. now i am about to get angry. i still like the phone very much and i am allowing myself time to learn the phone and its features. however, the things that are coming up in chinese are of no use to me because i can't understand that language. i need only the english part. and the phone will not stay lit up so i can see how to use other functions like, dial or accept and incoming call and I contacted the seller to let him know this kind of stuff and he is not responding to me. also i am having a problem with the charger. it has to be moved a place a certain way to charge the phone but I have a universal one so it works with the universal one. And today it started doing something new it won't let me call out or check my voice mail. I need for the seller to contact me as soon as possible. I am in the market to purchase another smart phone for my husband a different one but if his service is going to dwindle to this i certainly don't want to use him again.

The shipping was so quick and Everything was in order! I wanted to order a white N8000 as shown in the picture however the description said "black" so I was afraid I would get a black N8000. And that would be alright however, when the phone arrived it was indeed white!!!! I love this phone so much and I love it when I get compliments from others. lolbuy is a great place and I will definitely buy from them again!UPDATE: Ever since I got this phone, during the winter months there was a spot on the screen which was caused by moisture. GPS never worked unless I used a gps test app. The phone's screen when I am talking to someone on the phone is supposed to stay off but the proximity sensor was getting wonky and turned the screen back on while it is up against my ear. I first thought I was holding it wrong but it is indeed the sensor. Plus the phone started not working anymore. Bottom line: DO NOT buy this junk. Get a Samsung Galaxy Note 3 (real one) like I did and now I love my REAL Note 3! I am not sure I would buy from lolbuy again.

i had ordered 3 of these phones, one for my wife, one for my sister-in-law, and one for myself. I received them in a timely manner but one had a factory defect right out of the box so i had to have it replaced, the other 2 have just recently fallen apart, first was my sister-in-laws phone 1 week ago, and earlier today was mine. These phones are of very poor quality materials and I DO NOT recommend anyone to purchase these phones as they will not last but a few months, 3 and a half months to be exact (2 weeks after the 90 day return policy expired...go figure). I suggest that if you're reading this to not purchase these phones as it will be a waste of time and money.

I long insisted that I would never need a smart phone!It's true that I don't actually &#34;need&#34; a smart phone, but I bought this particular phone because I didn't want to be tied to a phone carrier and I wanted the dual SIM card option so that I can use one for calls in the States and the other for calls in Nigeria where I'm working (as of January 7, 2013).  Also, I like the convenience of reading e-mail, checking weather, checking soccer scores for my favorite teams, and so on.The battery does drain somewhat quickly.  While the manual does say to use 220v power to recharge the battery, it will recharge using 110v.I don't like that the hole for the headphone jack is on the bottom of the phone instead of the top.

The phone is great, only thing I can say is dont order during the holidays. I will buy more if phones but it dont have 3g.

it came fast. was packaged great. however the ear piece volume is so low i cant hear people talk and it wont record video for some reson.. other then that its great

This may or may not be a good phone. But I only had it for bout a month and the touchscreen quit working correctly and I never could send or receive pictures

No user guide.  Without one, the phone is almost impossible for a novice to use.  I won't by another non-branded phone again.

Consider the price of this phone, so far so good. There are nothing you can complain about, Except one thing,you don't any information of this phone, I mean the brand name. What if the battery has problem, where can Ibuy a new one to replace it. (no brand name and model number, you can not buy anything from the website)

I think, this phone is great with all great reviews so far. But I don't think the price vs product value is good anymore. Technology changes fast. 6 months ago, this phone would've been great at $200. But not today. I've seen better deals on a name brand phone. e.g. Today, on T-Mobile.com prepaid site, there is LG Optimus L9 which is $200, shipped from the USA. And previously, it was with $50 free T-Mo prepaid card too, for $200. Wonder why would I not go for that. Specs are almost same except that this phone is about 0.5" bigger or so. No one cares for Dual SIM or Analog TV. On the other hand, you get LG's support, which I am sure would be better than sellers of this phone. Just my 2c. Now, if they bring price down to about $140 or so, I'd take it.

does everything I want and need it to do, big screen is great, good for gameplay. just solid for a good price

I used for a  present to my daughter birthday and she loves it.this cell has everything she needs it.

I love this phone, my first actual navigating phone not just the ordinary flip up limited kind of phone.I got it really fast in the mail didn't expect it to arrive that early then it had posted to arrive.Everything was brand new in the box with everything it said it would come with extra batteries and all.I did have some problems running it due to illiterate when it comes to cell phones. But my carrier helped mesee what i was doing wrong and turn on the right buttons to get full use of phone.As for inconviences: hard to find a cover for it. Other then that it works perfectly camera, internet , text , etc.I would reccommend this phone to anyone, versus buying an expensive one at your carrier.

I Love Love Love Love this phone !It's just PERFECT !!!!It's Huge And BrightLoads Of App Available At The App Store !I mean you can download anything you wanna !WOW Man this is just amazing !if you're looking for a great wonderful awesome phone then PLEASE LOOK NO FURTHER !It's Just Magnificent !5 STARR BABY !!! YEAHHHHH!!!!!

I felt like I had to review this phone because although this phone is great it has a few minor flaws but what handheld system doesn't?Shipping and ordering:I received my phone in about 6 business days with expedited shipping which I think was great considering my phone came out of Hong Kong.  I admit I was really skeptical of buying out of my country but I took a chance on this phone and it came perfect.  The packaging was great and looked like it could survive a couple of rough bumps which was great considering the long trip it had to the states.  If you are thinking of buying this phone do not buy from anyone but amazon.  They will keep your information safe and monitor the entire trip.  However it would have been nice to have tracking information available but I did not worry about it.Receiving the phone and T-Mobile coverage:In the box I received a phone, 2 batteries, a wall charger, 3 screen protectors (one already installed), a usb cable and a set of headphones.  Everything was in excellent condition and worked great!  Immediately when I got the phone I installed my t-mobile sim card and inserted a 8gb micro sd card which I recommend because the internal memory tends to get crowded pretty quickly.  It took me about 10 minutes to get my plan and service going and about 6 hours for the internet to start working.I thought it was great how t-mobile noticed that i could not use the internet so they sent me instructions on how to set it up.  It took me about 5 minutes and after I had full functioning service.  I noticed without the wi-fi on, the phone internet is kinda laggy but still faster than most phones I had in the past.  Be sure that whatever service you plan on using that it works in your area.About the phone:This phone is easy to maneuver and very responsive.  I like how it was not overstocked with pre-installed apps that I would find no use for.  The only one that I find unnecessary is the television feature.  Although it would have been nice to have, we do not have any use for it in the states.  It does have an antenna but its located inside the phone and actually looks like a stylus pin from afar.The battery life on this phone is great. It does take a while to fully charge, but even on 50% I tend to get about 6 hours of battery life before it dies on me.  I think its great that 2 batteries are included so your phone should last a while on one charge.The phone comes with the goggle play store already installed and was amazed at how many apps come included.  I got apps that even my old virgin mobile phone could not get!  A lot of the apps are free and I suggest you put them on your sd card so can enjoy all of your apps without having to delete them off the phone to make room.The phone runs on android 4.0.4 which allow for a great browsing experience when you are playing with this phone.  I get 3g service in most places in my area which I think was great considering I paid under $200 for this phone that looks like it could be worth $500.The camera on this phone is decent for the price.  Even in dim light I can take great pictures with the back camera, however the front camera is grainy sometimes even when there is light in the room.  I think it is great also that this phone takes screen shots (just hold down the top power button and the down key on the volume button)Accessories and the cons:When I first got this phone I immediately looked for a case for it and got nothing.  Instead I took a chance on a galaxy note case that was made of tough rubber and it fits great.  Not like a glove but I know my phone is not going anywhere.  Although the buttons are off,  there is enough room in the case where I can just simply press and it will work fine.  But if you wanted to use your headphones you would have to take the case off.There is only one con about this phone I noticed in the few days I had it is that when I am charging the phone and I try to use it, the buttons tend to have a mind of its and decides to do what it wants.  When I take the phone off the charger it works fine again so I try not to mess with it while its charging.  This is the only reason the phone does not get 5 stars but it is still a great phone either way.Overall I really like this phone.  I feel that I made a great purchase and had a great seller also (thankyou abettershop!) I would recommend this for anyone who is a beginner android user or if you just want a cheap android phone with great features.

i had no clue that this was a cheap knock off of the Galaxy Note 2, the phote has a very poor camera. and it is just overall crappy and cheap copy. i hate this phone. i want a full refund. this phone sucks bad!

Phone works just as good as the note. Huge screen, nice resolution, great battery life. Only downfall is that its hard to find a case to custom fit this phone. It'sa different size from the note 1 and 2.

It doesn't work for verizon. Should have said so in description.  Other than that seems like a good phone.  Wish I could use it.

just got it working today with myfamily mobile works with no issues  my wife is happy with and that makes me happy

The screen goes out and freezes up all the time and it was very slow with downloads,this phone is crap.

This phone is extremely HUGE. Make sure you check the dimensions of the phone. I would buy a laptop though. It's smaller.

beware that this is a fake version of the galaxy note. it has no case and scraches really fast plus the screen is not strong it crackes really fast. it does not multitask like the real version nd fresses, nd turns off by itself.this phones is not good at all. i would never recommend anyone to buy this phone.

It says it is unlocked and will work with Straight Talk, neither claim was true took month to get it

I've had the phone for about 1 month now and have been very pleased with it.  The only problem I've had with it is how my contact's phone numbers are stored in the memory.  The contacts were fairly easily transferred, but all the phone numbers listed were saved as &#34;Mobil&#34; numbers and each one separately.  Haven't been able to figure out how to edit the contact information yet.  The other downside of the phone is there is not an adequate user's manual (you have to have a strong microscope to read what they do send), and there is no tech support.  However, with this said, I am still pleased with the phone and it has performed very well

I ordered this phone from LOLBUY about 10 days ago and I received it today, which is amazing considering I live in Hawaii and this is shipped all the way from China. The expected date of arrival was in November, and the speed of the delivery is just amazing.The Packaging was EXTREMELY secure and safe. Everything arrived in perfect condition.It came with earphones (with microphone attached to it), USB cable, charger, two batteries, and of course the phone itself.The phone did have a screen protector already attached to it underneath the peal.The phone works great and I didn't expect anything more for a phone less than $200. It uses a 4.0.4 system. All I can say is it was worth it.the screen is HUGE, 5 inches in diagonal (as shown the in picture), and the phone itself is about 5.5" by 3".The camera works great, and if there are any problems, I will update.

I got a lot of bad reviews. Did not want to wait for the phone to start having problems. Super sad.

I have had this phone for only 3 days and I can already tell that I will have to replace it. I really want to like this phone but it is a tad bit slow and also it keeps randomly turning off. My battery will be at 50% and it will decide to turn off on me. I am undecided on whether to send it back or give it a chance. It's very big, nice screen quality, but that's about it. Some of my apps that I downloaded won't work properly on this phone. I'm giving it a chance for now but I feel like I will have to replace it soon.

I wanted to get my wife a phone, and naturally she wanted an IPhone.  Currently, she uses T-Mobile pre-paid.  So I asked what it was she really wanted - turned out there were two characteristics: easy to text, and white!  Well, I took a chance on this phone.  We got it in a week (from Hong Kong), and she loves it.  Very big screen, but not too big, looks great.  Solid construction, very responsive.  And white!  I just dropped in the T-Mobile SIM card, and she was busily texting in a few minutes.

I already put a positive feed back with the seller (i bought this phone through lolbuy).  I received a defective phone when the phone first arrived.  The menu and return key stopped working all of a sudden.  I was skeptical like all other buyers that I may not be able to do anything and my money will go down the drain.  Luckily the seller is very responsible and he sent me a replacement after I mailed the defective phone back to him.  So I would say received a excellent service from him.  Due to business reason, I need a phone right away and can't wait another month for the replacement I decided to get an original Galaxy note and this phone I'll let my daughter use this phone.  The signal is good, I live in a worst signal place and the old phone I got 2 bars, I actually got 3 bars with this phone.  The volume is loud enough and my daughter actually want to turn down the volume.  The camera - it's true that it's not as good as the original one, but it's decent enough and I don't buy phone because they have good cameras.  The color of the screen is great, and honestly I think it's better than my Galaxy note, it's fast and responsive.  It's true that it doesn't get all the bells and whistles that the original Galaxy note has but it's good enough for day to day use, you can just download the apps that you need from the play store.  The battery life may also be not as good as the real one, but the seller is providing 2 batteries and that's very nice. The screen protector and case is also provided and that save the buyer some money too.  It would be nice if the seller can provide an extra case, since it will be very hard to find a case elsewhere.  The pricing is really good, if you have the extra money to buy a Galaxy note ($500 right now) or ($700 for Galaxy note 2) then go for it, they are really nice phone too.  You are only pay a fraction of cost of the original phone, the among you are saving on the phone itself and you do not have to be tie to a 2 year contract, you are actually saving over $1000, that means you can change a new phone every year.  I highly recommend this phone.

I purchased this phone november of 2012 and at first was very pleased with this phone. As does show the reviews for the most part but as the phone has aged what little time I've had it the software has crumbled. It has had no dropes always has virus protection and I've factory erased everything in my phone to make sure it isn't a virus. First the keyboard went then from there the phone acts like there  is a ghost n it and goes crazy! before All these things had happened to the phone I had talked my sister in to getting one. And hers didn't even last as long as mine did. She is having all kinds of issues with it. It won't even turn on anymore. So this phone is a good phone if u need a phone for a few months so buyer beware. I don't recommend this phone to anyone with all my issues I've had with mine.

Seems and looks lovely phone but can anyone tell me how i get telephone  numbers of old phone onto new one of phone ( NOT SIM CARD ) please Sheila

Okay just received my phone today wasn't supposed to be here until Wednesday...I it good for because of how cheap is.

N8000 Clone Note 5 inch came in and looked like someone had ordered it and returned had phone numbers in itthe volume button was a little loose and the camera flash was loose being that I needed a cell phone asapI tightened the flash lens with hot glue problem solved. The phone that came was not the same pictured no TV really who cares about that and the camera was on the left top corner not as the description pic in the middle OK still no big deal. Outside the camera takes good pics for what it is inside up close good far away not so good, flash works good and there is an app in the phone for a flash light pretty cool. Screen fine works nice for the price and it is fast I would suggest putting in an app to increase volume that helped a lot. Speaker phone is oknot the greatest but, neither is my husbands $600.00 phone. Now lets get to the dual sims love love I haveSTRAIGHT TALK GMS ordered a sim and put it in put in APN settings it sounds hard but, it's not and I had service in 10 minutes so, all the ones that watched you tube trying to find out if it works on ST it does as long as it says in the phone description GMS 850m/1800m/1900m 3G UNLOCKED and because it is dual sim you can have two numbers just go to a pre pay WCDMA provider and there you go two line switch back and forth.Remember this does not have all the bells and whistles the $600.00 phone has it still is a nice cell it comes with two batteries which is nice ( Ok battery life when not using wifi, bluetooth turn off and install an app killer and adjust screen brightness will help)  and the wifi connected fine the phone found it put in my password and I was off and surfing. For the price it is a good buy!

My dad bought this phone for himself and was going to give it to me but whenever he tested the calling, the screen went black. He was going to return it... Well I was looking for videos on how to fix it and there is one on YouTube. Put this after the URL. (watch?v=1zhf8rsEuc4) make sure you follow the instructions. After my dad fixed it, the calling worked and I think the camera got better also. The camera was terrible before or maybe it was just the lighting. Whoever made that video, THANK YOU. You saved a lot of money.Mini update: I really don't like the battery on this and it charges really slow.DOES ANYBODY KNOW HOW TO ROOT THIS PHONE? I'm so lost.

Phone works ok...headphones started off only working with ones that come with phone now dont work at all...freezes every now and then

I love my new phone. I am already a t mobile user so when I received the phone i just took in to the store and within 5 minutes I was all set. The phone is perfect for those who, like me were used to a keyboard and was apprehensive about using a touch screen. So far so good the phone is big enough where texting is really easy. The only think the phone doesn't have is swype which I heard was an easy way to text. Now if only there were cute cases that you could purchase for this phone I would have given it 5 stars. The phone is not as big as the Samsung galaxy note 2 its sort of in between sizes but I was lucky because my phone came with a clear case already on it.

I wanted to love this phone, but no such luck. I wouldn't consider this a Samsung Note knock off. This is simply a less expensive note phone with half the quality of most name brands. I was able to use the AT&T; Straight Talk sim and get the same signal as on my HTC. I only have an HTC Status and a ZTE Warp to compare this to right now.Cons:WiFi- Horrible- I don't get a signal if I'm more than 7 feet away from the router. My other phones get the full 54mbps with excellent signal.Camera- Terrible. The pictures are horribly grainy and fuzzy. There are lines that run vertically that you can see before and after you snap a pic. I don't know if this is because the camera itself is crappy or if really is 5MP as advertised. I used Gtalk to vid chat with a friend that has a Samsung S3 and she looked amazing and clear, but my pic looked bad.Screen- Weird. Pictures viewed in a browser are great, however this depends on which angle you are holding the phone. While in upright position, viewing it from the left makes it look very dark and viewing it from the right makes everything look extra bright, almost white.Internal Memory- Sad. There is only 500MB!!! Even the cheap lower end phones have 1G or more. Sure you can expand by adding a micro sd card, but it's still ridiculous.RAM- 512MB as advertised, but I have around 160 with ONLY stock apps running.Available Memory- Soooo Low. According to Advanced Task Killer app I only have 127 available memory. Facebook uses about 40MB so there's no way I'm going to be able to install it. &#61516;Apps- I'm having a hard time finding a browser that works on it. There have been a lot of force closes. It always resets my default keyboard  (Swiftkey) back to the Android keyboard when I turn it off.It always shows the signal bars for the 2nd SIM card slot even though I only use one, and notifies me that I don't have one in the first slot.The color and items it comes with depends on the seller you buy it from. I received this in white with 2 batteries, earphones, usb charger, hard case for the back, and a screen protector already on it.Pros:-good battery time. I was only down to 85% after being on for over 12 hours. However that was with minimal use.-comes with 2 batteries-large screen-actually came with Android 4.1.1 (jelly bean) instead of the 4.0 (ice cream sandwhich) as advertised-screen protector was already on-ringer and notification sounds were loud-boots really fastOverall: Not worth the price. You're paying for the large screen and the fact that it's advertised as a "note". This phone reminds me a lot of the $100 tablet I bought from walmart. The screen and camera quality (or lack thereof) is exactly the same, which was one of the reasons I returned the tablet. The Pros don't come close to outweighing the Cons. I'll be returning this as soon as I'm done with this review. :(

i was so happy when i received  it but, it was short instance of happiness one week only when it start to freeze when i receive a call that fixed when i takeoff the battery &#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;it ended by return with full refund.

i ordered this phone and it sucks! not only did it take a while to get here it wont stay on! sometimes it wont even turn on so i would Not recommend this phone to Anybody

The phone box - in two places - says this phone is running Android 4.1.1. It is running 4.04. There is NO instruction on how to upgrade it - now or ever, frankly, so I'm not sure what to do. If the seller is reading, perhaps they could enlighten me before I return it.

I have not used the phone for long but so far it is great. The back cover is a bit flumsy, not very sturdy and hard to open to reach the battery and SIM card. But otherwise, the phone seems of decent quality.It is much bigger than my previous phone but it is actually lighter. Battery seems to last very long on standby, but go fast when in use.

The phone is very large and the screen is beautiful. I wish that the phone was actually in English. I have changed the settings to English and it remains to be in Japanese. The camera is no good and that was a bummer.

I got the phone and was excited, by looks it appears to be all I want. I bought the SIM card that was required and I could never get it to fit!!!! I returned it!!!

I am very disappointed with the quality of the camera picture. For a 5mp camera this Is not acceptable at all

i really love this phone and am thinking about getting one more omg i love it it really good and the screen are so beautiful and the touch pad are easily to acceleration loveeeeeeeeeee itttttt

Can't find accessories, camera stopped working. Told that because its from china its obsolete! No way to get repaired here in USA cause no one knows of it. Bad idea!

Its actually okay all the features except only works with one sim card, my other sim card cannot make or receive any calls, so have to get one of the sim sides unlocked hope it will get done. i bought the phone for its dual sim capabilities, i hate logging around two phones , will update though.

is there any way this phone can work with pre paid verizon? because if not im screwed please help me

The phone was fine until a couple of weeks ago when I tried to send a message it says message not sent and I had service.the sensor is also messed up its not a good phone at all I would get my money back if I could...

Although this is a nicely designed phone, it did not, in my experience, fulfill its promised function.  First off, the phone kept losing connection with the internet.  Calls kept getting dropped even when I was in a stationary position, as was the person I was talking to.  It was virtually impossible to maintain a connection when driving in my car.  It was difficult actually making a call with this phone while driving due to the multiple functions required.Daniel Chen was pleasant enough, but when I told him of my problems I got a response about the signal in my local area not being good vs the network provider.  Then when I mentioned wanting to return this phone, but going to try another provider first, I was informed to only try at&t; or net 10.  This was not specified under the description.  If it had been, I would never have purchased this phone.  Sadly, my phone & I have parted company, but the seller would not buy it back, so I caution those who consider buying this phone.  An area tech told me he had purchased a similar phone, and had similar problems with it.  His prognosis was that the phone did not completely pick up the frequencies in the U.S.  So again, sadly, I would not recommend this clone phone.

I emailed the seller like 384293932 times before buying this phone because I was skeptical... but the seller quickly responded everytime I emailed them^^ I'm currently in love with this phone lol much better than Galaxy S I had... everything runs smoothly & screen is so much bigger I love it haha. Only thing that sucks is that I can't get 4g signal anymore.. only gets 2g but it's super fast with my wifi so I don't have anything to complain for something that's only 160~ bucks. LOVING IT!!~~~

My husband loves his new phone.  Huge screen, we bought more memory for it So he can play video games on it.  With the added memory, it's perfect!

Unlocked Smartphone N8000 5 Inch Screen Android 4.0 Smart Phone Dual sim card. sorry ..has  bad connection ,nobody can hear me

Courteous, prompt but a lot of good that did me. BUYER BEWARE only have a 14 day return policy.  I've only had the phone less than 1 month and it has NEVER been able to turn on!  Nothing with the phone about the return policy but I should have read the seller profile closer and of course remembered it. Ecnlosed paper does say however that all products carry factory warranty of 1 year, seller not helping there.Change - they have approved my return request - let's see what happens.

Got it in 10 days and didn't really know what to expect after all of the mixed reviews. I don't know what some of you guys are smoking, but this is one awesome phone! I bought it from lol and what great service! I put my AT&T sim in and wow this thing is fast in every way! It downloaded apps as fast as my Asus 300 tablet! There was no lag with anything I tried. I know I just got it, but for the moment I definitely give it 5 stars.

This phone is like a mini tablet. My phone service is not the fastest but once I connect to my wireless it works just as good as my Acer tablet. Once I got it, I was up and going within 10 - 15 minutes. Phone is packaged good and had no problem making the long trip from China. Best andriod phone I have had so far, much better than my Motorla Cliq.

Today after 6 months of using the phone, the touchscreen is completely non-responsive.Phone had issues with stability, incall volume and felt very cheap. It looks very nice and because of that I've thrown $150 down the drain. Much better to stay with name brands than with questionable Chinese manufacturers.

This phone was the worst i have  ever had the batter did not stay alive and it was in some other lag.  that i could not  change also i tryed to set up straight talk on it and it did NOT work i was very unhappy with this phone by far the worst thing i have ever spent my money on!!!

Well was very impressed in the beginning but.. after a week of usage it started acting crazy lost all my contacts.  This chinese app trying to upload itself on the phone.  The charger don't work properly good thing i have a universal charger for all phones made 2 attempts to send it back hopefully it will act right.  Not sure why its acting like this might be because of the apps i downloaded on it not sure still have hopes for it.

i bought this for my mom she looooves it...i would of gave it 5 stars but the internet lags maybe cause its on 3g network but shes happy...i might order me one 2 .......thank uuuuuu

I love this phone so much, but i know touch screen phones sometimes act up and then becomes difficult to text etc.... but i have only had this phone for 5 months and the touch screen is already acting up! any suggestions????

This phone has no brand name so it is hard for service people to help.  Did not stream data or picture messages.  Audio didn't work.

I am very happy with my unlocked smartphone works great and very fast service and was packed very well thankyou

I have ordered this phone 3 times and getting ready to order another one for a friend. I needed this phone to use outside the country and I am very pleased with it. Great purchase and I recommend it.

don't waste your money. I thought it was a good deal, but on straight talk, it only works on wifi if you are sitting right next to your router.

I Love This Phone, Big Screen and Very nice Screen with New Android Version Ice Cream Sandwids 4.0,, You have got it

This phone out performed the I phone 3 it replaced. More bars fewer dropped calls. it just works. The analog TV is a joke

great phone iv had it for 4 month and no problem

I loved this phone from the moment I got it. However it would not charge. We tried everything but even a new charger would not work. Had it charged, it would have been a really great pnone.

the screen is great everything is great but camera quality gets a thumbs down and the antenna broke lol but good phone i love it

My samsung nexus S got broken after half a year I bought it from Amazon. I felt frustrated tho Amazon did a pretty good job on taking care of that case. Then I was thinking about trying this phone for its huge screen and way cheaper price. The item got me 2 weeks before the estimated delivery date. The product looks great. Very satisfying in almost every way (talking, texting,apps stability sofar,screen resolution,..... ) except the camera which I can tell a big difference than my old phone. Anyway, so good so far. I will keep this review updated=)

I have been using the phone now for 3 days and I though I should comment, because the phone is amazing. I am a software developer, I bought this phone because it has Android 4.0 and  I use it with prepaid T-mobile service. In this moment it is a pleasure to use it. It was way cheaper then Samsung, it is fast, it has a beautiful big screen, it is almost perfect.One potential problem I noticed is the low range Wi-Fi. The phone couldn't detect my router from 10 feet range, I had to enter ssid manually and it works now. Also the phone doesn't seem to detect many other routers around my house which I can see on my android tablet and also on windows laptop. The other problem is the battery time, I was surprised to notice that the battery was almost completely drained after 15 hours on standby mode. All services disabled (WiFi off, GPS off, screen off etc) and this phone can't even last 24 hours with a fully charged battery on standby mode (specification claims it should be 10 times that), a comparable Samsung phone can do this for 3-4 days.Overall, the pros (almost everything) well outweighs the cons (listed above). Highly recommended.

I bought this phone bc I was looking for something better than what I already had. I received it a whole month before expected delivery date. Which I thought was great bc I was anticipating on receiving it. I don't have all those problems that some stated in their review. However, the camera and the flash is not so great but useable. And, at times, the phone is very low when you are on a call. That's the only thing that I dislike. Other than that, it's great.

Dis service suck...COW BALLS i paid for expedited shipment and phone still havent left facility itsbeen 3whole daysThey totally.ripped.me off

I have nothing wrong to say about this phone. I ordered it on a Sunday and got it Saturday! It came fast I have T-Mobile just popped in my sim card AND It started working. this product is worth the price !!!

I was nervous about a off brand chinese knockoff but i wanted to quit bending over for verizon every month, i wanted a bigger screen too,  and i didn't want to spend 800 bucks to make it happen.  The phone came promptly (4 days) and it was well packed and seems to be of good quality.  I purchased a t-mobile prepaid 30 buck 100 min / 5 GB data plan (from walmart) and a twenty dollar phone (also from walmart).  Activated the cheap phone and then swapped the sim card into this one.  Then transferred my previous verizon number to the new account.  It's working great with the following caveats.  1) t-mobile is in the process of upgrading their system to the standard 1900 mhz this phone uses.  It's already happened in major markets and is expected in my town this year.  Until then I am on 2G which is pretty slow for data. 2) this is a 3g phone so even when the upgrade is complete i will not be able to take advantage of 4g speeds.  It's worth it to me.  In six months the savings vs verizon will pay for the phone.  I use it on wifi when i can and the phone itself is snappy and quick.  I love the big screen for email and facebook and expect to use it for that much more than my previous droid incredible.  The battery life is great, easily lasting through a full day of heavy use, and, it came with a spare battery.  android 4.0 is not the very latest thing (4.1 i believe) but at this price i can upgrade again in a year or so and in the meantime plug local sim cards in when i travel.  great phone!  i'm very happy and would recommend it.

Okay, was skeptical but took the chance. This phone rocks!  Its everything plus! Samsung galaxy note all the way. Great product. I am with t mobile and couldn't configure the phone.  I called tmobile and they walked me thru the set up for the galaxy note....line for line. The otter box for the samsung note fits with minor modification. Outstanding phone!

I'm really pleased with the phone and seller (l0lbuy).  I received the phone way ahead of the 3 week delivery date.  I got it in 5 days after I ordered and it was packaged very securely.  The battery life is very good.  It works on my ATT gsm pay as you go contract.  I also find the dual sim helpful, especially for when I'm on call (for work) and can plug in my work ATT blackberry's sim in the 2nd slot.  I love not having to carry 2 devices around.  Another plus is the teathering hotspot feature.  Great for hotspoting my son's cell phone so he can use my data when we are out and there is no free wifi around.  His cell phone plan is talk and text only.  but when he is with me and my phone, I can hotspot him (giving him my data access).  I also like that Skype works on this phone too. Overall great phone.  I'm looking for a case, would be great if Amazon can get some cases for this phone.  The only down side I'm finding is that the speaker on the phone is not as loud as I would like, even when turned on to the max.  Speaker is fine for youtube videos, game and music sounds, but not for when I receive phone calls.  Which is fine, since I prefer using earphones when talking on the phone.  I've already recommended to my friends, and I will highly recommend to anyone who is looking for an affordable unlocked phone.

First I ordered the phone July 22, 2013, they said it would be sent between Aug and Sept10.I inquired about the order they said it was misplace they would resend it, received it Sept.18, the phone was not working properly volume button would turn up then automatically go down so I emailed the company they sent me a return label which I had to pay for now it is Oct. 22 and I have heard nothing! Not happy with is purchase at all!

the phone gets too hot its has letters that u can not use its freeze popping icons and i sended back to them i dont know if i am getting back because that is in china plus the phone cost a lot less what i paid for it

phone did not receive 3g service. It lasted about three weeks then began acting crazy. I was very disappointed because I really liked it at first

I just recieved my phone by delivery today and let me tell you it was so unexpected!! I was excited when i recieved the package because it came quicker than the estimated delivery date.! Phone came just as described including two batteries, hardshell case, earphones, usb charger and adapter. I love it, its definately a two handed device for people with small hands like me but thats a preference. Im having a little trouble setting the time and date but ill figure it out. The only thing i would point out is the camera itsnt what i thought it might be but its good enough about 5mp for the back and 2mp for the front but its still good enough for me. I absolutely love this phone!

I think that this is a good product but, there is always a small probability that, at least, one in a huge line of products, such as Android smart telephones, would have a defect emanating from factory-processes or post-factory handling. I got the one, such item. It worked for about three weeks and then, the touch-screen failed. However, I hate the seller, InnoMate Digital. The company lied on two grounds (1) that I did not return accessories associated with the product and (2) that I had used the unit for so long (45 days), that IT COULD NOT RESELL THE RETURNED TELEPHONE. InnoMate's complaint alarmed me, because, it implied that, if the accessories were in the returned box (and they were), the seller would probably repair and resell the telephone, without indicating that, it was a repaired item. No company should RE-SELL AS NEW, a defective product, returned by a customer.As someone, who lived in China for many years, and still visit the country, for extended periods, I am aware that Chinese transactional legislation has not adopted the Western ideas that (1) the customer is presumed to be right, most of the time and if, s/he is not, the merchant grants the customer a benefit-of-doubt, at least, to establish good relations with the buying public; (2) Chinese merchants do not agree that, goods are returnable, within reasonable time, even if, they have been used and, especially, if the product has a defect, damage, dysfunction, or inconsistent with claims made for it.While in Shanghai, in December 2010, my friend purchased for me, a shaver, which would not work in the United States. Within ten minutes, we returned to the store, and requested an exchange, for one, with dual electric systems.The merchant demurred, insisting that, the sale was final and if, we wanted the other brand, which was more expensive by, as much, as Rmb 150, we should pay for both.I refused, called Chinese Police, and was taken to a local precinct, where a European-trained officer intervened and &#34;ordered&#34; the seller, to exchange the merchandise, by which time, we had spent an entire morning and mid-day, haggling over an issue that would have been concluded in two minutes, in Europe, Australia, Canada, and the United States.I had a similar encounter in both Nigeria and Ghana, in 2012 but, this time, I inquired, before buying.No one should buy goods, that are unreturnable; no one!

I hope by the time you finish reading what seem a contradictory review, you'd understand why I said it's an "oxymoron".This was my initial review on the 16th of March, 2013.....Okay, this is just heads up for those who, like me, are considering to buy this phone. I'll keep you all updated as I make a leap of faith myself. I have researched for about 2-3 weeks and decided to buy this phone based on the reviews I've read so far. Once I placed the order, I emailed the seller to request that they send me a white phone since there was no option to select from. I must say I'm amazed at the excellent customer service. Today is Saturday and I wasn't expecting to hear from them though their page says I'd be contacted in about 12 hours of the request. Amazingly, I received a response in less than 5 hours, confirming that I'd be sent a white phone and assuring me of a great buying experience. The seller I purchased from is "Pro2011".I know there are many people out there who are still considering to buy your first phone from China but quite skeptical about it. Well, I took the risk today and will write a full review when the phone comes. I have Amazon Prime with the two-day shipping, so I'm expecting to receive the phone by Tuesday March 19th or the 20th. Stay tuned and I'll keep you updated with as honest and thorough review to help you make a decision too.This is my revised review on Tuesday March 19th,2013.....I received the phone today but wasn't quite happy at all. I don't know if anyone had the same experience but I suspect the phone I received had been used before. I mean there isn't anything that shows the phone is coming from a manufacturer's store. Removable factory screen protector has scratches. Batteries have scratches and show signs of wear. The extra back case that came with the phone seriously has dust particles and scratches, which indicate the phone has been slightly used. My best guess is that it was sent to someone who didn't like it and returned it. In fact, the manual that came with the phone has been read and soiled with some yellowish stain and the one that struck me the most is the fact that the inner part of the top cover of the phone's box has been tempered with, which kind of made me curious because I paid for a NEW phone and not a slightly used phone. I contacted Amazon and seller just under 2 hours from the delivery and hoping to return the phone tomorrow. I really don't want to use it, so I have repackaged the item and ready for return shipping. The only accessories  that were sealed as one would expect of a NEW phone were the charger and earphone.Aside this rather disappointing experience, which I surmise may be an isolated case peculiar of the seller I purchased from, I think the phone looks good. Amazon's customer service is beyond excellent. While in the process of writing this review, they responded to my query in less than 5 hours and have already issued a refund and promised a goodwill gesture of a one-day shipping on a similar item.I guess things sometimes don't work out pretty good when we have so much expectations. The other thing that baffles my mind though is the fact that the phone shipped from Las Vagas, NV when all this while I though it was coming from China or somewhere in Asia. So again, it might just be an isolated situation and more of a problem with the seller I purchased from. I haven't given up though. Once I get my refund, I'll order from another seller and hope to receive a new phone this time around. If everything was okay with the phone and I had no doubt whatsoever that it had been used, I'd have been very happy with my purchase as this phone is a rivalry to the Galaxy note and you can't beat the price!

I have had this phone for about a month now, and overall it has been a great phone. I have been experiencing issues where my service will drop and I will have to turn the data plan off, and then on again, but OVERALL it is not a bad phone.The batteries are a different story though. Upon using the phone for 3 days, it started shutting off repeatedly unless it was attached to a charger. So, naturally, I used the second battery that is provided and I also sent an email to the vendor asking if i could have a replacement battery since it had only been 3 days or how I can purchase an extra battery. Needless to say I got no response. Fine. I have a second battery. Well 3 weeks later, the second one has stopped charging completely. I plugged it in to my charger last night and woke up with 13% battery. I switched to the other defective battery and am hoping that this one will last until I can figure out how to buy batteries from this phone, regardless of how faulty they are.Overall really terrible customer service. Once you buy the phone, they don't care about how it works after you have paid them.

Tried 2 different carriers and it would always chip out.  Really wanted it too!

Looks like the Samsung Galaxy almost. Works Ok. Obviously not a Samsung Galaxy but for the money works well. =)

My Phone messed up after about 2 months of use, according to my local phone repair shop, they were unable to fix it because the issue was a result of bad manufacturing. I loved it while I got to use it, but when it messed up I felt as though I didn't even get my moneys worth of it. I would never risk buying this phone again because of the issue. Especially since it happened after it could have been replaced.

Was great.so far so good.I want to make a complet assessment after six months, when I have fully explored it.

I ordered this phone on Feb 20th, they shipped it on the 27th and received it on March 4th. That's less than a week after shipping. I could hardly wait for the phone to get here. I took the chance and ordered a no branded phone from China due to the great reviews this phone has. I must say I really love how this phone looks, it's pretty light but my service is super slow but I guess I just have to give it times. Phone came with a free back cover case, I wish there were more cases out there for this phone. Samsung G note cases doesn't fit because I purchased one on Amazon the same day I purchased the phone and it doesn't fit I wasted my 10 bucks. Update: It's been a week since I have this phone and OMG my service is horrible from Net10 I get no signal when I'm inside the house the phone is practically useless when I'm home. I used to send and receive text msg now I can only receive text but cannot send any IDK why is that. IDK why did I ever had to get Net10 I should've get Straight Talk instead I bet my signal would be much better. I'm just waiting for the month to be over so I can switch. This phone is alright but I can't enjoy it when I'm home which is where I spend most of my time.  Update:3/27/13 Okay this phone is a joke I had this phone for less than a month and it keeps turning off by itself and won't turn back on when press the power button. I will never purchased a non branded phone from another country again I would rather spend 300 bucks on an brand name phone. I wish I could return this piece of trash and get my money back that 192.90 I spent on that phone is a complete waste SMH. I'm giving this phone 2 star now. And to thought I was so happy with this phone until now this phone will only work the first few days you have it. Don't let how this phone looks fool ya!

I got this phone because I was tired of paying a higher price on contract and off contract prices for phones and this phone met my expectations to the T so I said it was money well spent

I wasted my money.  It came with a UK charger.Doesn't connect to T-Mobile.Big waste of money as my granddaughter threw away the charger and box

This was a gift to my wife and she has loved this phone. It's a good size for her and allows her to do a few things she couldn't on her previous phone that was too small. Takes getting accustomed to how to answer calls (a slide like iPad), etc., but it works well. No complaints.

I ordered  this smartphone one month ago, and received it in eight days. It was shipped from China. I inserted my T-mobile sim card and a 32g micro sd memory card and set it as default memory.  It worked great.  I love  the phone and  ordered another one for my wife.  I highly recommend it to anyone who is using GSM and WCDMA carrier like AT&T or T-mobile.  I give it a 5-star rating.

This phone sucks!!!  It started to shut down on me just a few months after I got it.  What a waste of money!

slow to respond, lagging all the time, cannot find case to fit, i do not recommend. Definately not for me

So I just got this phone today and, it arrived a couple days earlier which is a bonus. I am really glad I got this phone because, I must say that it is pretty fast. The one thing I have to stress is that on the box it stated that it ran android 4.1 but it actually runs android 4.0 the ice cream sandwich not the jelly bean version. But, it's still pretty fast, and I was able to set up service on t-mobile with the $50.00 a month plan, because I do use my phone quite a bit for school and, for work. The display is pretty bright, and the sound quality is solid. I've got my blue tooth headphones paired with this phone,and I was able to transfer my music files over to the phone, so now I've got my music going as I write this review. The playback quality is amazing, clear and crisp. The phone came with a case already which is nice and, the headphone set, two batteries, and adapter with usb cable. I know there are some people who bought the phone and, they have problems finding a case. I bought two samsung note cases, and what I've done is put their case on, plus my case on top to give it a more secure fit. Because if I just fit my galaxy note case on the phone it's a bit loose, but the phone won't fall out. However you want to fit it is up to you. However if you want the phone to have a more secure fit then this might be a better option. I used the white flexible case with kickstand. So hopefully you enjoy this phone as much as I do.

Its a great phone for the price. It can use the latest apps. can use two sims and comes with an extra battery. Battery life reasonable

Very very confusing interface. Device is terribly slow and laggy. It did not meet any of my expectations. Id like a refund honestly or some kind of online credit. I would gladly return this device.

I was skeptical about this phone, but it was a pleasant surprise. The quality of it is good enough compared to the branded ones.I will list the most important pros and cons I found so far.The pros:- 2 Dims- Google Play- Great Performance- ATT 3G capable.The cons:- Not standard size, hard to get an otter box or silicon case.- On 4G networks will get only 2G 128K (Spotmobile, TMobile)- WiFi needs to be reconnected manually each time the phone goes to sleep.In the end, it is a very good value for the money, I would definetly recommend it to anyone.

I don't like this phone. It works very slowly and always system halted. It's really bad. I will buy a good phone from apple.

I am really, really dissapointed. i would not recommend this phone to anyone who wants to buy a good phone

All the smart phone capabilities you would expect, plus many features like great camera with excellent resolution and controls. Only built in that didn't need to be there is the analog tv... They quit broadcasting most places in that now, but who knows maybe someday it will pop up again if SHTF.Did have an android problem that has been documented by others - boot freeze up - due to restarting during update you didn't know about. Supplier swapped unit even after the Amazon requirement... Great Supplier...

Wat is the name of this phone and I can't find a case

What a surprise and a great  phone for a extremly good price. I have had my n8000 for a few days and I'm still figuring out the aps and phone . However I am pleased with this purchase.  Actually ordering another for my Wife who loves the screen and the features.

This phone is great and 1/4 the price of it's cousin ( Samsung Note )I am having a ball sending and receiving pictures with such a huge screen.It is everything I hoped it would be after 3 weeks and I learn more cool stuff about itevery day.It also arrived a lot earlier than expected. I'm very happy.

This phone is a total WOW!Seller: lolbuy - 5 stars!I decided to go with other reviews that mentioned buying from lolbuy, and I am glad I did! I placed my order on October 26, which was a Friday, and on Monday, October 29 I got an email that the phone had been shipped. I got my phone in the mail today, November 3, which makes it just 5 days from Hong Kong to Massachusetts, USA! What can I say - this is some awesome seller who really cares about his business!Packaging: Packaged so well I had trouble opening the box! Taped all over, then bubble wrapped and taped again, and then you get to the real box with the phone inside.Inside the box: The phone, with screen protector already applied (you just have to peel off the top layer), 2 phone batteries, headphones (looks like there's a built-in microphone too, but I never use that stuff so I didn't check), a USB cable, an AC charger that uses that USB cable, a plastic case and even a mini stylus pen! I was surprised that there was no user's manual,  not that I need one, but just as a fact.Phone: solid 4 stars!Pros: Loved how thin and light it is. It is perfect even for my small hands! Android works flawlessly, and I just love its five virtual screens. The application store is great, as always. There are 2 slots for sim cards and one for a miniSD card. The phone max volume is very loud! I can hear it from 2 rooms away. WiFi gets an excellent signal, and browsing the web is really fast. Not so fast with the internet connection, but I guess you will need to contact your phone service provider for correct network settings.Cons: 1 - The back cover of the phone feels very thin, you will absolutely need some kind of protection, like the case provided with the phone. 2 - The installed screen protector is not anti-glare, it may be a problem for some people. 3 - I guess it is my personal preference, but the phone is white and the case is smoky.. doesn't look very pretty to me. 4 - It is nearly impossible to find a case for this phone. The one for authentic Note is wider and taller. I am currently looking for a bifold leather case (book type) and will update this review if I find one.The bottom line is: I am very happy with this purchase!

verry nice phone big screen every one this is a good buy batter get one the onley thing i did not like is it wont read my sd card

this phoene works great fro at&t n tmobile sim cards but if ur looking to use staright talk net10 or h20 or red pocket it wont work internet and some dont support text messages some do depends the sim card

We bought this phone to be used with straight talk. After many frustrating days and long hours we finally had to give up on it.The phone itself looks and feels good but it would just not work.The volume was to low even when turned up high. Could hardly hear when trying to talk to someone else.Money wasted.

Took a hell long time to be shipped. The cover came with it was actually smaller than the phone. Get stuck on the first day and the only way to fix it is to remove the battery and restart. You can only download like 6 apps at most before the memory is full. And don't forget to bring your charger everywhere you go because guess what the battery is a complete piece of trash

I did have a problem with making calls at first. It kept going to video calling. The screen is also extra sensitive. For some reason, I have to recalibrate it at least once per day. I am not sure why but it does take away from how much I like the phone.

The phone is nice but cant text or get into my accounts cause phone does not have a & key

I like the phone itself, but I am encountering some problems like when I put my old sim card it says default seem.  Also, I get bad reception when I'm inside or outside...

This phone met all my expectations and more. Then again, I did not set a high one base on the reviews. The key reason I bought these phone is that I travel a lot country to country and the Dual SIM card will help hotswapping and potentially losing a SIM. And for that, this device is fantastic. No issues putting and recognizing a SIM Card from UAE and Afghanistan. As for the OS, this was my first official ICS cell. I have always used test ICS ROMs prior and with a dedicated, stable one I was able to truly experience the benefits. It is fast and full of features such as swipe capabilities to running apps. But what impressed me the most is the battery life. At first I was skeptical with this item because it came with two batteries; inferring that the battery life was disappointing. However, luckily, that is not the case. This phone had an amazing standby time. I had it sitting in my bag for 3 days without use or charge and it still had about 78% life left. I used it none-stop to play games and it lasted the entire day before needing a charge; which is amazing for having a 5inch screen. I have yet to depend or require the second battery pack. As for the analog tv receiver, I was not impressed. I was able to get a couple channels while in Afghanistan and none in Dubai but I did not get it for that. And when I did test the ability to watch, it was difficult to pickup a station indoors (as expected of course). It was too cold to be outside to test. But when I did pick up a channel or two, the station came in acceptably clear and the volume/sound was clear and loud. The antenna however feels flimsy and seems like it will break easily; I haven't used it enough to use it to the extent. The biggest disappointment, however, is the WiFi which I was hoping to rely on. At times it cannot pick up a signal that is full strength compared to the strength represented on my laptop. And when I am connected, it sometimes does not retain if I blackout my screen to save battery. I guess that may be a good thing so I am not running the WiFi constantly in the background, if we are talking about battery management. Another disappointment, which is not a big deal, is the camera. The software seems to make images darker than normal. It could be because I had it set to HDR mode but I haven't yet considered testing out other settings to see which is best. I am surprised and happy it has a panorama and HDR setting at all. Lastly, I was often spoken of as having a "Big @$$ phone" because many are not use to having a 5inch screen. This though is actually smaller, thinner, and sleeker than other 5inch devices such as the Dell Streak (AKA Dell Mini 5). It fits well in the hand and for the purpose I use it for it is perfect; taking notes in replacement of using paper and pen. It fits nicely in my pocket without giving an uncomfortable bulge or provide an obvious appearance. So it will depend all in all on one's expected use of this that will vary the ratings. For a phone with dual SIM capabilities and proper size for notetaking it is fine. For others, it is simply below standard.
