
I have bought quite a few LGs.  This one even had games on it. My husband finds it easy to use.

I'm an old guy who keeps a cell phone in his vehicle to use for emergencies.  This phone goes forever without charging (I keep it off in the vehicle).  I like the flip phone so I don't butt-dial with it.  To me it's plenty modern and amazing.  I've had it for over a year with no problems.

Hey  I have this phone to replace my old flip phone..  It is great!  Rugged long battery life ,  loud ringer,  It is not GSM which i needed as unfortunately all we have in my area is verizon which is cdma.Tracfone transferrred my account to this phone even tho i somehow lost my old one.  no charge and all minutes transferred.I have a year of service and 1000 minutes for about $100 bucks..  I like tracfone.  it isn't smart but it is what i need.

I've spent as much on this phone plus a 1-year card as I would have on 3 months of a month to month kind of plan. That's about $120 dollars total. I don't really text but if I get one or send one it's .3 of a minute. I can deal with that. I don't talk on the phone much so, these 905 ish minutes I have from the phone and the 1-year card will be more than enough to get me by for the next 416 or so days remaining. Also, its small and light weight so when I do carry it around I don't notice it. No camera is fine with me. The flip open style is the best part, no pocket dialing, its simply the time and date when you want the time and date i.e. it's not a huge screen blaring at your rods when you're trying to go stargazing. I will buy this phone again when I drop it in the toilet. Good luck breaking the screen from dropping this thing.On a personal note, I really don't like talking on the phone and with a timer in my head I'm thinking &#34;okay, lets keep this quick.&#34; It's currently my hypothesis is: that being conscious of my minute usage has made my phone conversations more succinct.

Amazon delivery was great, as usual.  The phone is exactly what I wanted and Tracfone was easy to use and activate. However, the back (battery cover) would not fit the phone as the small tabs on the back do not line up with the tab-receivers on the phone.  No way to use this phone as it is.  To bad because it is a great flip-phone.  Had to return it and upgrade to an LG840 from Amazon.  Like I stated, Amazon was great, allowed a return and sent the new phone next-day without a delivery charge.  Amazon is the only place I would ever buy any device like this.

I bought this phone for my son's birthday. great price, especially considering it has double minutes for life. It also came with a 2013-2014 coupon book to get even more bonus minutes.  got it quickly, and no problems at all getting everything set up. very pleased with it, and more importantly, so is my son!

I love this tracfone, It is so easy to see the screen and the menu settings are enough for a user like me. I would buy this again for someone else. Plus double minutes came with this phone.

Just wanted a basic phone and this one is great; much better signal than my old Motorola.  It says in some places that it's not compatible with Verizon but after tweaking the initial set-up with Tracfone Co, it works great with Verizon.  I love the speakerphone feature and use that almost exclusively when possible.  Volume is adjustable and quite adequate.

After using this phone for just two days, I bought a second one for non-business use. I like them both.

I like the phone... would recommend... had some problems getting setup with the right local service that worked for our hills and &#34;hollows&#34;... we live out in the &#34;boondocks&#34;. The service people were nice and patience... some more that others... they stuck with it until we got it to work correctly. I wish the max volume could be adjusted higher

This really is quite a nice, somewhat basic cell phone that performs its duties quite well. However, as others have noted before me, the battery cover will not stay attached to the back of the phone. I ultimately gave up and looped a black rubber band around the handset to keep it all to gether.

I needed to replace my tracfone when it ended up in the washer. I looked around my area and there was not a 'C' phone available. For some reason every outlet carried a 'G' series phone. They don't work where I live and I quickly became frustrated. I thought I was out of luck until I remembered Amazon. They had what I wanted and it works!! For those of us who live in areas without high dollar cell towers Amazon is the way to go.

This phone is so user friendly and easy to use, it has all the features that I like, it uses Verizon towers which gives me great reception in my rural area. Great product !

Cut expenses wherever possible, right?  Contract phone plans suck more out of the budget than they're worth, offering more minutes than you can use, and charging extra for features you do need, like texting and occasional emergency internet service.  Straight Talk seemed a good choice, but its set fee was only a little lower than the Verizon contract's.  Its internet option wasn't much help, either. V E R Y.  V E R Y.  S L O O O  W.I tried Consumer Cellular, which offered a wonderful phone with a bright white case (easy to find in dark purses, on the floor of the car, under the seat, between cushions--you get the drift). Great keypad for large fingers. Unfortunately it did not work in my area. Those on-line coverage maps are pipe dreams--what the company would like to believe.  And no, I did not get my money back. So that was $100 lost.I tried a tracfone, an LG 225C, slightly different from this one, which I chose because of it's decent-sized keypad and its double minutes for life.  I have big hands, and in my work I do a fair amount of texting.  Tiny keypads are frustrating.  I paid $19.99 at Walmart.  It's a sturdy phone--black, unfortunately. So, I proceded to lose track of it--in the car, in my tote, purse, etc.  It even fell out of my pocket in the rain, in a parking lot. It was found by a woman from my church, who tracked me down to arrange its return.  Neither rain nor dropping seemed to affect this sturdy phone.  I used it for a year--phone and airtime came to just under  $30/month.  Compare this with Verizon's $50-$60/month.I slapped a piece of white duct tape on the back of the phone (so it would show up more readily), but still managed to lose it for a couple weeks in early May.  Turning house and car upside down, I decided I must have lost it for good this time.  Online I saw a new model, with touchscreen and triple minutes for life and decided that would be a suitable replacement.  I tried ordering it online, but have never been able to order anything online from their website. When I saw it in a Wal-mart 40 miles from my home office, triple minutes and all, I paid $49 for a new tracfone. Then the real problems began. I followed the easy instrucctions carefully, but it did not work.  I called Tracfone customer service (another exercise in how-persistent-are-you-willing-to-be-to-get-what-you-want?).  The customer service tech transferred my minutes from the lost cell phone to my new phone, and we tried for 45 minutes to activate that phone.  She and her supervisor eventually determined I had the wrong phone for my network and offered to send me a free Verizon-enabled replacement and a mailer to return my failed purchase.They sent an LG 550C (looks like a little blackberry) in short order.  The new phone came in a package similar to the phone it replaced, but packaging clearly said 'double minutes for life.' I had been promised a phone 'just like the one you bought, only enabled for Verizon.  I was not surprised at the different phone, but I did note a week or so later it was offered on the Tracfone website for $19.99 for Mother's Day weekend.  There was even a card to purchase to make any tracfone a triple minutes for life phone.  But that was online, and I couldn't get it online.  I called to activate the new phone, and all was well.  Except I had a new number.  Since I use this phone for work I needed my previous number.  I called and was told it would take 'up to 3 business days' to activate the phone with my desired number, and the current 'temporary' number would be frozen.  So, I was still without a working phone.Of course this was on a Friday.  The next week I found my old phone. I activated it as soon as I could get an air card.  Calling about the new phone, the tech kept me on the phone for 30 minutes on hold.  In the background I could hear him pagig through paper, eating something, never saying a word or responding to my 'hello? Are we still working on my request here?'  It was yet another (allbeit extreme) 'how-much-are-you-willing-to-put-up-with-to-get-what-you-want-or-wouldn't-you-rather-settle-for-what-you-have situation. I didn't hang up and try again because that would mean another half hour in que waiting for another grumpy tech.I finally did hang up, laughing.  This was clearly a stand-off: 'I am doing this to you, lady, because I can and you're ungrateful and stupid, losing your phone and expecting me to port your number to a new one.'  I called back the next day (4 business days) and a young woman was able to port the number in a matter of minutes. I asked her if my new phone was indeed triple minutes.  She said it was noted as such in the com[puter.  Probably next to the label 'difficult customer!' I now have 2 cell phones.  I don't even know the number of the older one (though I can look it up easily enough), and I use it for non-business calls, keeping it in the glove compartment of the car (where you're told NOT to keep electronics).Both phones are LG's.  Both have amazing battery life.  The newer one is easier to use for internet, and the internet is a great feature for emergency on-the- road lookups--addresses, bank balances, etc.  The newer phone has a very slightly better camera. But let me advise you: Do as I did and buy a bright colored sleeve for the phone. It not only makes the phone easier to see but cushions it against dropping and keeps it from slithering out of pants pockets.

The TracFone customer service rep said I should take the phone to a retailer to see if they have a cover that will fit.  She said she couldn't help me.  Stuck the phone on the charger, inserted the battery. The ding dang cover won't stay on!!!!!!!

This phone does the job. It may not have a camera but it has great reception. This phone uses the Verizon network and that means excellent coverage. It's just like having Verizon without the heafty bill. If your looking for a good phone with great quality for a cheap price, this phone is the one for you!

Ever notice if you buy an aftermarket cable for your iPhone it only works for a few times then you get the annoying message &#34;cable not compatible&#34;  (or something similar).  These little guys work great.  No need to carry multiple car charges when we travel I just use my wife's micro USB and stick this on the end and I have never had an issue or gotten an error message.

I dropped and broke my first edition of this phone, and it would no longer hold its battery.  I deliberately ordered an identical phone.  My service is Tracfone, and I have been very happy with it.You can get on the Internet with this phone, and I have, but you probably would rather use a different device.  I have a Blackberry Playbook and a regular computer.  This phone also accepts voice commands, and that feature works fine.  Because it is Bluetooth enabled, I was able to move my contacts to it from my previous phone very easily. That also means it works easily "hands off" when I am in my Bluetooth enabled car.You can have it use different ringtones for different kinds of messages.  Very few people have my cell phone number so I do not use that feature, but I have set it up for different tones for text messages or calls.It takes pictures, but they aren't very good.My favorite thing about it is that it is small so I have it with me at all times either in a pocket or on my belt.  I am an older lady, and I am mindful that, if I were to fall or be in an accident, I can reach it, whereas my purse is not always at my side.

working well so far

Oh, is it true that you get what you pay for.  Terrible sound quality -- hard to hear people, hard to be understood by them, and the phone randomly died about two months after I got it.  It lost power easily and it apparently had little or no way to take power-reducing measures like reducing screen brightness.  The interface was hard to use -- you had to go through several steps to find your Contacts list, for example -- and overall, even at the cheap price, it really wasn't worth the money.

First phone had battery cover that would not snap on and stay on.  Snaps were not functional.  Second (replacement phone had identical problem).  Not used to having problems with Tracfone since products have performed well for over ten years.  I expected better quality than this.

I got this for my dad to replace his old track phone. The cover was difficult to get on but it WILL go on and STAY ON! We tried to activate online. Told us there was an error and to call customer service, then it is all acutomated and tells up that they are processing the transaction to activate the phone and to call again in 15 minutes. We wait an hour and call back still says the same things. My dad called back 24 hours later and still the same things. The automated system does not give you any other option to talk to a real person. I do not recommend trac phone any longer.

I am happy with the phone, but I'm not happy about not receiving a book with information about programing the phone and how to put phone numbers in etc.  I think that each phone that you buy should come with a programing book as my husband as never had a cell phone and has no idea were to begin with this one and he is 74 years old.  Now, we have to have a friend show him how to get started with it.  Even though this phone is just for emergency's he still needs to know how to use it and without a book that's impossible for him.

Purchased this phone for my daughter to check in each evening.  Works well for the purpose and is inexpensive for that.

I bought this phone for my kids to take with them for emergency purposes and it functions great in that capacity.

I bought this as a Tracfone via Prime and it was sold and shipped from Amazon which made it $14.99 to my door.  I cannot believe this phone is priced this low because its build quality is good with nice large keys that are well lit.  The screen is clear and a good size.  It does not have a camera and I wouldn't use it for web browsing, or music.  Butthis is a great basic phone for voice calls that does the job with no fuss.  I gave it to my FIL to use when he makes short trips around town and it is perfect for that.Since this is a CDMA Tracfone phone, Amazon's description of it as GSM is wrong, it will activate on the Verizon network.  Since Verizon has great coverage were I live that is a plus.  You cannot get this phone at a store in most areas since Tracfone's predominant carriers are GSM.  If you want Verizon on a Tracfone this is your best bet.  It is not Verizon service but this company uses Verizon's network.This particular phone has "double minutes for life".  This means when you add airtime via Tracfone's aircards your purchased amount is automatically doubled.The chronology from purchase to first call.1.  Purchased via Prime and recieved in two days.2.  Opened package, set up phone and charged it.3.  Tried online activation but is was too much work since they wanted my personal information to set up an account.4.  Called the activation number and followed the simple directions.5.  I was slower than the activation system so I got punted to a real person who took all of one minute to help me finishand I was done. The activation process gave the phone 60 days of service with 10 minutes.6.  I purchased an instant activation Tracfone air card off eBay for $84 for 365 days and 450 minutes.  I loaded this on the phone following the included directions that also had a bonus coupon that added 50 minutes.  Since the phone automatically doubles the minutes my phone then had 425 days and 1,010 minutes.This was all very easy and took about 5 minutes. So for $99 (or just $7/month) I have (for my FIL) about 70 minutes a month for the next 14 months.  I have a Droid, Thrive, a laptop, and a Kindle but I find myself wanting this phone because it such a cheap and easy solution for making voice calls.UPDATE OCTOBER 2013:  No issues after a year.

Very easy to set up and use. Like the different ring tones, like the bigger numbers, and very sturdy. Should last a very long time.

The back on the phone will not slide nor snap on.  I reported this to TracFone at the initial setup, so they sent me a reconditioned replacement.  The back does not fit it either, so I am sending back the replacement and taping the back on the original phone since it is already set up and working. A big plus: the person assisting me with set up was very helpful and couldn't have been more considerate.

We were looking for a phone that is easy to use, has large numbers, easy to read screen, and works off Verizon. This phone is perfect for us! As part of the "over 50 crowd" we do not need lots of bells and whistles, just a reliable phone.  We like the flip phone, and the sound quality is great. We are very happy with our purchase and would recommend this phone to our friends.

I wish I had upgraded to this phone a year ago. I can't believe how much better it works than my old one. Now I have no roaming areas anywhere in my work or home area; holds a charge longer, gets better reception and was inexpensive.

Caution if or when you buy replacement battery.  This phone seems to have proprietary battery fit.  Think exact size, molded notches and ridges, electrode contact positions.  If you aren't careful, you will have a battery that wont fit.

I worked with Tracfone staff to activate the phone and after about 45 minutes on both of our parts the support person determined that the phone did not work. I had noticed when I had tried to put the back on the phone it didn't fit well so I'm thinking it may have been a bad phone once before but had been repackaged.The support person sent another phone (same model) which arrived two days after we had talked (that's geat) and the second phone works well. I returned the broken phone to tracphone.The second phone has good reception and excellent battery life so it is workng well for me now.

Verizon's network is used by the Tracfone service, so the calls are great. No problem there.The problem is texting on this phone. It's about as much fun as shaving your tongue might be. The T9 predictive text attempts things I've never seen a phone try to do, and I've used many non-smart phones like this one. When I try typing texts in T9 mode, I come across to my friends like a drunk tween. I then switch to Abc typing mode which makes each text take about 3 hours to type.Since this phone was $15 at walmart, I'm probably going to go back and buy one like the $10 tracfone I lost in the river, and save my sanity.

I bought the LG221C specifically because I needed a clamshell/flipphone with NO camera. I came, I activated it, then tried to put the back cover on. Wouldn't fit no matter what. I did a quick search and find that it is a common problem, not just with tracfones, but will all carriers who use this phone.  They are all packaged with the wrong back cover. I have spent the last hour with LG on chat and on the phone trying to get a correct back cover. They wouldn't do ANYTHING except tell me to bring it to the store I purchased it from and get the right cover. Uh... I bought it on Amazon. "well tell Amazon to give you the right cover."Finally I changed tactics and called parts and instead of saying it came wrong, told them I needed a replacement cover. Finally they were nice... however, still no joy. There are NO correct back covers for this phone available from LG.  Very interesting since the date inside my phone said it was made 10/2012. It is now 3/2013 and they are apparently out of production and have no parts left.I'm more angry with LG than with Tracfone or Amazon, LG tried to tell me that they don't package the phone, the carriers do. Well how come then that it is not just tracfone, it is other budget carriers and they all have similar comments about this phone?  It seems like LG must have shipped them a batch of phone and backs that don't match.I will try sending this back to Amazon and get another one, just in case I get lucky, but i'm not counting on it.

I bought this phone for my 78 yr. old aunt. I bought her a tracfone that used a gsm card .It would not work where she lives. So I purchased this phone that didn't need one. She loves it.The reception is good this is her first cell phone.Everyday she is learning more and more how to use the phone she is even starting to learn to text.This is a good first cell phone to get for child or senior.

Need a Tracfone on the Verizon network.  This is the phone for you.  AT&T just didn't cut it where I live.

Bought this for my Mother-in-law to replace her old phone.  She likes this even better than her old one.  It is much easier for her to use and it has a bigger screen so it is easier for her to see.

No Camera but an OK phone for most purposes. Not really enough wallpapers or sounds. No SD chip so no customization. Craig

I purchased this phone for my daughter, who moved to Fl. from Ma..My daughter is so very happy with this phone and all the different uses it has.The bonus is:it gives you double minutes, each time you make a purchase for more minutes, AND you get a coupon book, that gives you even more minutes. A really great buy.Easy to use and she just loves it.

I purchased this phone to fill in the dead spots of my gsm phone. The coverage of this phone does not even come close to that of my gsm phone. I live in Alabama and Travel to Florida. The coverage in both states is poor. I can't recommend this phone for people in these states.

I got this phone 2 weeks ago from Dollar General for $5.00!!! Like many others I had issues securing the back cover. After fiddling with it I did get it to lock on!!! Everything seems to work as advertised. Transfer of minutes and days of service with Tracfone went smooth. Happy and I don't think you can beat the price!!!

My son loves the LG 221c because it gives you many options. You can record music and use it for ring tones. The ring and alarms are loud enough to hear. I love it because he hasn't pocket dialed 911 since I upgraded to a flip phone.

Glad I read other reviews to find this phone. It is AT&T line which is best in my area. Reception on received calls is great. Sound quality is great. I bought one for my husband who says he loves it. Would recommend it to all ages

Got this a s a backup phone in case my primary should fail far from home - comes wit 2 year coupon book which will expire 2014Good little phone - but lost out on a years worth of extended airtime coupons - buyer beware

For my use, in my location (midcoast Maine) it surpasses products from Verizon,to say nothing of the money I am saving.

My husband is a Luddite. He concedes to use a cell phone when it is an issue of safety or major inconvenience not too. So he doesn't care for bells and whistles. This doesn't have them, but it works, it's large enough for his man hands and easy to use. Thumbs up.

The back still does not fit even after a year of complaints. I took a chance and ordered one. I lost. It still has not been fixed. Don't order.

Complete piece of junk. Phone back will not go on the phone.  Snaps are misaligned or something.Waste of time.

Seems to work fine, I don't get many calls but need one when you need one, descent price. Would buy it again.Thanks.

got this phone just to have in case needed. works really well for calling which is all i need it for. really happy with how it holds up since i have had it for a while. works a lot better than my other one which i expected to be nicer but i like this phone better.

I am completely happy with this tracfone as it is more than I expected, and IO can hear on it so clearly, with my hearing aid. I love th features on it and it is exactly what I wanted. Thank you so much.

Great reception (alleged that Verizon is the carrier). Good volume control. Great menu. Great battery life. Perfect size. Button size is just right. Can't beat the price. If you want a good cell phone and don't want the hassle or expense of a smart phone, do this! Tip: Get a card for a year's worth of time for about $100.

I live about 65 miles ENE of Pittsburgh PA, a trip I take frequently. Unless your tracfone uses the verizon network, you have no service for about 40 miles of it. I like the phones service; however, it does not have a camera and its bluetooth connectivity does not work very well, but I gave it 4 stars because of the service, otherwise it would be 2 stars.

This phone works on the Verizon lines and the transmission of voice when talking is instantaneous. I can hear people and people can hear me.  Sound quality is really good.  Very inexpensive when you purchase the year service card with 400 minutes (which is doubled), plus bonus minutes.  The bonus minutes are NOT doubled.  You have to wait for the cards to go on sale, but unlike other pay-as-you-go plans, the days of service is added on to extend what you already have whereas Boost Mobile and most others counts your days from when you add them.  In other words, if you add two 1-year service cards it is actually TWO years.  With other companies it is only one year because you added them on the same day.  It really makes it worthwhile.

Ordered this phone for my Mom. She loves it. Very easy to use and not too big. And her old phone did not double minutes.

no more than i use a cell phone it was well worth what it cost. saved me about 40 to 50 bucks a month.

I have had this phone for one year now and have been very pleased with the performance.  It does just what I need it to do. I just needed a phone that was simple and affordable with NO CONTRACTS!!  This has worked like a charm.  I rarely have to recharge it except maybe twice a month.  Ease in getting minutes when I need them and the &#34;double minutes&#34; is a great addition that also saves me money.  Love my little phone.

I would tell anyone who does not use a cell phone very often that this is a great phone-I mainly use it for travel and around town incase of emergency-I have never lost signal while on this phone

I bought this phone because I wanted a low cost &#34;dumb&#34; phone that just makes phone calls. No camera, no texting, no internet, Just a simple phone to make phone calls when I'm out and about.That's what I got and it works great.I had no trouble getting the battery lid on to the phone.Sound reception through the earpiece is good but the speaker and ringer need to be louder.No trouble with activation.Double minutes is nice.

This LG 221C is great.  Fourth phone I have had in ten years and it beats all the previous ones.  Ergonomics are just perfect for my large fingers and old eyes.  Very easy to program the features.  Battery life is very good.  I wanted a phone.  I have a Laptop and a point and shoot camera for the other  things.  The LG 221C with Tracfone Service thru Verizon is aces.  My old service was T-Mobile and with the Tracfone/Verizon service I have not found any weak or dead spots where I had a lot of them with T-Mobile, and I have more bars then my wifes phone with Sprint service.This is every thing a phone person could want.  I'm glad I bought two, and may soon buy another as my wife likes the LG221C better than her LG840G touchscreen.When I got this phone I activated it with a Tracfone number.  After a few days I decided it was a keeper.  I went online on Tracfone and transferred my T-Mobile phone number.  30 minutes later my T-Mobile phone went dead and my old number showed up on my new LG221C.  Outstanding service.  I have finally found cell phone happiness.

I bought this phone about a year ago and it got really poor reception. Spend a few more bucks and get the LG 235C. This phone was very disappointing when I needed it most.

It's easy to use and keeps a charge forever. It was the easiest tracfone I've ever had to set up.
