
I am really impressed with picture quality on this phone, but I have not been able to send picture text messages easily.  Pictures send to email or to the micro SD card (not included) very easily.I can check email on this device, but I have multiple Gmail accounts and can only figure out how to check one of them (my school email) on this phone.  I suppose if I just forwarded all of my emails that would solve the issue, but would also defeat my school/work/personal organization system. Something like Gmail 1, Gmail 2, would be great.This phone does not seem to pocket dial like my previous XTC did, which is awesome.  It stinks when you annoy people and lose minutes due to pocket dialing.

Love it because of the price.A little essential phone.

Very nice phone. Its easy to use.

i bought this phone thru  VM website. better quality,well made,slimmer than his brother Samsung M575,excelent for having any of the paylo plans.my sister has one of this and she love it,she text a lot and uses the slider keyboard and says the keyboard is a little cramped but she can works with that.the battery life is not that great, and this is my main concern but  for me that only use the cell por casual calls is not a real problem,but if u are a big texter,web user or caller u most charge the phone daily for sure.anyway... for the price and service this is a good cell to have with the paylo virgin mobile service.

Easy to send text message, the audio is quite good, and loud enough so I do not need an earpiece. However, forget it if you have the idea of using it to take pictures and then doing something with them. First, cannot connect to Apple computers or even my Windows 7 laptop. In addition, once you take a picture, you will be unable to send it via attachment as text or as an e-mail. Please google to verify the discussion board frustrations. Still, for just talking and texting, not bad.Second,

You'll never lose your phone again, it beeps CONTINUOUSLY after a missed text message or call. I hate beeping. That's my only complaint. Otherwise, it works well and I have better reception now than with my Samsung Solstice II. Virgin Mobile is so much cheaper and great service. I haven't missed AT&T, so glad we switched. I get better reception now and we're saving almost $40 a month. HAPPY DAY!!!

I miss the touch screens from smart phones but for 40 bucks?  It is also the best phone you can get from the paylo sections.  So aleast a year of assurance, basically does'nt cost a dime.

I like the phone, but the battery won't last two days. This is with out using it. If you don't have time to charge it daily get something else.

Given the low price, I generally like most things about this phone except for one small - but huge - problem:Any time you miss a call or get a text, the phone emits an insistent "beep" every several seconds until you push keys to make the beeping stop.  It doesn't matter if you put the phone on "vibrate" - it still emits that "beep" until you acknowledge the text or missed call.Unless you put the phone on full "silent" mode, there is literally no way to turn off that alert.  It is not an optional setting.  Yes, at first I couldn't believe it either, but after much frustration trying to find a magic "no beep" setting, I confirmed with multiple sources including payLo's phone tech support that it is not optional.  The beep will happen.No big deal?  If the phone beeps, just push a key, right?  Yes... but no.  If you own this phone, you will either answer all calls and texts immediately or the "beep" will become the background soundtrack to your life.  The phone insists that you acknowledge every message, every call, every voicemail, every notification.  It doesn't care if you are sleeping, if the phone is out of reach across the room, or if you are having an important conversation... you will have to get up, pick up the phone, and ask it to stop beeping.  God forbid you are trying to sleep and somebody sends you a friendly text.  The phone will not let you rest until you have "acknowledged" the text.That little beep is the Chinese Water Torture of phone features.By the time the beeping interrupts your sleep for the third time in a night, you will have developed an unhealthy rage against all forms of communication.  As a result, you will start to hate the people who text you at inconvenient times and especially at night.  If somebody calls you when you cannot answer, you will curse them like you curse the chirping of a smoke alarm with a low battery.  It's that annoying.Sure you could turn the phone off every night, but then your alarm will not ring to wake you up in the morning (though, confoundingly, the alarm will ring at full volume even if the phone is set to full "silent" mode - was that the designer's idea of a sleep-enabling workaround?).  It's obviously not practical to have a phone that you must turn off or put into "silent" mode all the time; you will not know if anybody is trying to reach you, which is half the point of having a phone in the first place.I am sincerely surprised that a company as good as Samsung would build in such a horrible little feature... and then give you no way to turn it off.  I wanted to like this phone.  Sadly, after having this phone for less than a week, I had to go through the hassle of finding a new handset.For the most part, everything else about the phone is pretty good or at least a reasonable compromise for the low price.  It's a shame that one little "feature" had to ruin it.

just what I was looking for. I only have text ant talkdid not need all the smart phone extras and the key pad is good for text-ING

It's a good phone. Contrary to some reports, I have had not shortage of battery life. I don't like that Virgin Mobile doesn't seem to have ringtones for it.

Wow the phone itself was flawless,  I couldn't have gotten a better one new if it were new.  Thank you so so much it was fast shipping as well thank you

I got this phone because i was budgeting,This was a great deal.Still using the phone.Additional 2 that, the plans for a Virgin Mobile paylo account are extremely cheap.I pay $30 for 1500 mins and unlimited text and data

I would never, ever buy this horrible phone again.  I hate it to the utmost.  It was a total waste of my hard earned money.  Drops calls, and has to constantly charge.  Rumor Touch was way better, and I had it for 2 years w/no problems.  Dummy me left it in my car and the sun devoured it, or I would still be using it.

A little awkward until you get used to it.  It locks up in your pocket when you don't want it to, and the button function is good for only small finders.

So I wanted a phone that wasnt fancy, just got rid of my touchscreen and it wasnt because it was too complicated or anything like that I just missed the slide out keyboard and feeling buttons! I mainly used my phone for aps and games but I have a tablet now, and to be honest it felt like a chore texting with my touchscreen, with this phone texting is exciting for me again! Love it! Great battery life, it doesnt die every two hours, it lasts all day. Even with my touchscreen being new it only lasted a few hours. I get good service, i can hear clearly, speakers are loud, it rings good. Great buy, i would recommended it!

I was very excited to receive my new phone and it has proved to be everything I wanted! It is easy to operate, looks good and has a great sound quality.I thought that I might have problems getting used to it ( I am not at all technical) but, within a day or so ,I was using it as if I had had it for ever! I am going to buy one for my daughter-in-law as a gift. She is excited too!

Okay, personally I didn't even get to try out the phone because once it was sent to me and I tried to activate it, the phone company wouldn't let me. I tried to activate it online and over the phone (which defeats the purpose if the so-said phone can't even connect) but both times it wouldn't work. EVery time I put in the PIN number I was given I would recieve a message saying something along the lines of that they couldn't recognize the PIN in their system. So I had to use my friends phone to call the company and after 30 or so minutes they gave me the answer saying that &#34;I was given the wrong PIN number because even if the PIN was to an old phone from their company, they still would have recognized it&#34; so the only other solution they gave me was to return the phone on amazon and get my money back. Now this isn't amazon's fault (i hope) just the company's fault for sending me a phone with a PIN number that they don't even have in the system. So I ended up going to a T-mobile store and buying my phone there.

The Samsung Montage looks very similar to it'cousin the Restore, which I previously owned, except it doesn't support u-tube, a major drawback. Good for perhaps an entry level phone.

just got the phone and was worried about the screen size....its not a smartphone but its bigger than i expected and looks good....enough for what i need and phone is sturdy. buttons are large eonogh for texting although the top row on the keypad is a bit close to the top of phone...other than that it seems fine...it does have lack of wallpapers and screensavers but cant really complain for 50 bucks...unsure of the battery life at the moment and speakers are loud and clear...good luck!!!

I needed a phone that I could text easily.  I wanted a camera.  That was all I wanted.  I don't need a smartphone and this was exactly what I wanted.

Great phone nice to have on the go take OK pics but not a smart phone.pay less, pay smart y'all

We bought this for our nanny and it is worthless.  Texts seem to get sent in batches, often hours after they were initially sent.  The phone rarely rings for incoming calls, even when there are several reception bars showing.  We are canceling the service and just adding our nanny to our verizon plan -- more expensive but this is completely worthless and never works.

I think there's only two things I like about this phone: 1) The sliding keyboard2) The key lock, which kicks in after 8 seconds.But if you're not on the Assurance Wireless plan, do yourself a favor. Don't get this phone.This phone has VERY quiet ringtones. I usually don't know someone has called or texted until it starts beeping and flashing its "you've missed yet another call" thing. I can have only one browser window open (my old flip phone let me have 2). The spacebar is hard to press, forcing me to use the keypad's spacebutton. And texts have a MAX of 160 chars.This phone has so much wrong with it and so little going for it (especially for $40) that I'm thinking of going back to my old $15 flip phone with its loud- enough-to-hear ringer.

I bought this phone for my mother and she loves it.  This is a great phone for someone who chooses not to use a phone that has touch screen.  The slide out keyboard make it easier to text.

It's a good phone at a good price. It's easy to use & so far it seems to work well...

It's a shame this is the best Paylo has to offer. I have bought two phones now and this one was the best of the worst. The speaker phone engages when it's not supposed to and overall just a crappy little phone.

With its short battery life and clumsy handling, it's a phone I would consider twice before buying. Not user friendly.

This is strictly about the number of bars and the somewhat marginal, static-prone performance I get... I love Samsung phones, however the Montage is marginal if you use it in my house.The Montage gets between ZERO and ONE bar, mostly zero, but doesn't indicate "no signal". It functions directly on the edge of acceptability. Our previous Samsung Mantra flip phone got between TWO and THREE bars, even though it was 2009 technology.  The Montage was introduced in 2012, and it's RF sensitivity performance is barely to not acceptable in our environment.Lesson: I no longer assume that advances in RF sensitivity (which is what this issue describes) are guaranteed with new cell phone designs. Three years after the Mantra the Montage has inferior sensitivity. If you presently get one bar, it's possible the Montage will be inadequate for you.Note: This phone was returned and the Samsung Mantra was reactivated.

Love it! It's easy, yet has everything you need. No problems so far. It is an e specially good value with the $40 unlimited talk and text plan. I recommend it, cheapest plan with the benefits you can find really.

I've had this phone for several months.  I don't want the cost of a smart phone, but want a keyboard for texting so this was what I thought was the nicest of options available with Virgin Mobile.  I got a nice cover for it, spent hours transferring my contacts....and now have discovered that the incessant beeping I've been hearing isn't a figment of my imagination, nor can I turn it off.  When you miss a call or receive a text, the phone gives you a series of reminder beeps that go on and on forever (or until you check the message, whichever comes first).  I messed around with the phone, trying to find how to turn this off, as I'd always been able to do with previous phones, but to no avail. Finally I sat down with my friend Google to see what smarter people could tell me about this issue.  Sadly the information I found was bittersweet.  First, I'm not as inept as I thought; second, unfortunately the beep CAN'T be turned off.  CAN'T.  I still am in shock about this.  That beep is the bane of my existence.  Example:  I carefully silenced my phone during a recent play performance, only to hear this distant *beep* at a quiet moment....how embarrassing.  I just figured I was doing something wrong.  NOT.  It's this phone.  So...buy wisely, if you like beeping.

This Is a great phone for calling and texting. And 1500 mins and 1500 text for $30 a month, you cant beat that. Well worth it if you just want a simple phone. If you want a toy that does a million things then this isn't the phone for you.

It works great for my 10yr old. Not as advance as a smart phone so would not recommend for someone looking for that speed. Overall does the job, works great and looks modern.

Phone works great. Can  text and get online and check my messages. Only thing hard is keys are very small but they do work great if you have small fingers.

When you are trying to type a text and the phone is going in and out of the service area you are notified.  The alerts block and interfere with your typing and this happens repeatedly.  The phone is constantly looking for service, so this is very frustrating and the alerts cannot be turned off.  Coverage sucks, difficult to hear callers and buttons suck.  I do not recommend the phone.

I like everything about it. very easy to use. I like the keyboard,whereas, the previous phones i owned did not have a keyboard. great for fast texting. Easy to navigate.

Brought for my son he seem to like it not a touch phone. Buttons and screen are readable, hold charge for about to two to three hours,  but does what it was brought for an emergency phone.  ...good for a child

Replaced the old phone...the process took in a minute, well built, works great, have ipad and kindle so don't need smartphone...just perfect for my use...

Loving it

I purchased this from amazon exactly one month ago--and given that amazon isn't considered an 'authorized reseller' for Virgin, it isn't covered by virgin's warranty--and it already fails to turn on about 1/2 the time.  Its probably a refurbished phone or just incredibly poorly made.  Its a cheaply made phone intended to look more sophisticated than it is, but is essentially useless, even when it does turn on.  If you decide to buy this, recommend you buy from virgin directly, so at least you're covered under warranty.  I personally will never buy from samsung again.

First Impressions after a day:While I've only used the phone a short period of time, one of my reasons for choosing the Montage over the other Paylo phones in the Virgin Mobile line-up was its ability to play MP3s and video files from a memory card, in addition to having a slide out keyboard.While it does play MP3s very well and the internal speaker is very good at being loud and clear at its highest volume, the problem is that the player takes nearly a minute to load such files from the player.  At first, I assumed the phone had locked up (it hadn't, but it did on another, unrelated occasion, though, requiring me to pull the battery out.)Secondly, the video player function has yet to work with any of my existing videos in either 3gp or mp4 format.  If there is a specific set of parameters that videos must be in order to be played, I'd find it very helpful to know.Third, like previous Virgin Mobile Paylo phones, the apps and games store are very weak and confusing to navigate.  Being a step up from previous Paylo models I owned I thought that maybe the app store would have some extras I could buy, perhaps a better video player, but I found nothing.  I understand I'm working with a relatively low-powered non-smartphone and it wouldn't have Play/iTunes-grade apps and games, but to have such things listed as features and be practically non-existent is frustrating.  I had at least been hoping to find something that maybe would have been a better or more robust media player app to download, but found literally ZERO apps and only a few games.Also, I think the battery is a bit weak.  After playing MP3 for a few hours from a full charge, letting the phone sit in standby the rest of the day, I was already at less than half-power.  Granted, the MP3 feature probably ate that up rather quickly, but at the same time I have a cheap MP3 player laying around that can play for about twice as long before getting to half-charge.  On the plus side, it's a USB-connector charging system, meaning you'll almost never be without a means of charging the phone.The keyboard is sort of too flat, in both the slide out and the numeric keypad and both would benefit from a physical 'click' feel when pushed instead of their mushy feeling.  The phone needs a pre-installed rubberized grip to make handling it a lot better, as well.  If I end up keeping it, on of my next purchases will be for a case with just that.Also, for a per-minute phone and the large size of the screen, the text showing how long you've been talking while making a call is cartoonishly tiny with seemingly no way to make it bigger, nor can I find feature on the phone to 'beep' when you're approaching the minute mark on any call.  It's a feature that should have been fixed prior to release.Now, the plus sides include a fairly nice screen, the image viewer is pretty decent, it's a good size and as a phone and nothing but a phone with texting capabilities, I'm sure it'll be fine in the long run.  At this moment, reception seems okay enough, where I'm now getting 2-3 bars in a location I was once getting 0-1 bars.  However, if you're wanting a phone with stronger media features, you'll sadly likely have to move on to an Android Beyond Talk plan.edit:  I increased my rating by a 2 stars after a week with the device and found it to be a lot better with repeated use.  Still, my misgivings of additional features and battery issues still stand.  However, as a PHONE and nothing but a phone, it's better than average, at least.  If Amazon allowed half stars I'd likely give it a 3.5/5.

I put my sd card in this phone from my galaxy s2,and the music I downloaded from my s2 plays very loud in this little phone. Calls are clear,texting is seriously fast,and that beep everyone complains about,is alright because I like being alerted when I get calls. I think it all matters where you buy a phone as far as performance. My battery in this little thing goes for days. I applied, and got Assurion,that's why I bought this phone. The one they send you doesn't have an sd card slot. Got my Montage at Target,I always have good luck with their phones. Have to be careful,some stores are a lie, selling refurbished for new.

When I got this phone it looked great! But when I tried to activate it I couldnt because it wasnt a cleared phone. I gave it to my son to play games on it.

ok, I bought this phone and I was getting used to features BEFORE I called turned it on.  Would you believe by the third day this did not turn on!  I guess it broke right away.  I liked the features but it apparently was broke.. so I sent it back and got full refund. THank you amazon for the full refund, but not the fact that everything I seem to buy that is electronic is usually broken... Where do you guys get this stuff from?  I love amazon for music and anything else I have purchased that WAS NOT electronic.

Works well. Screen lock unlocks when you slide the phone open so not that secure but it works for what I need it for.

Won't hold a charge.  Goes dead with less than three minute use.  How do I get it replaced?Will someone help me?

AMATEUR DESIGN, HEAVY AND DYSFUNCTIONAL FEATURES! Too many flaws and usage issues to state here. BUY IT AND SUFFER CONSEQUENCES!

I like the phone but virgin mobile basically refused to switch the phone from the previous person's account to my account. I wanted to keep my own number not just add minutes so it didn't work out for me.

It is a decent phone.  It allows me to do the basic things I need like phone calls and messaging.  There is an alarm and calendar feature that allows you to schedule appointments.  There is no stop watch or timer, however.  The battery lasts up to a day to day and a half, depending how much I use it.  The internet is basic as you can get; with the phone not supporting any java scripts.  So if you want to watch a YouTube video or go to an app based website, it impossible to difficult.  But overall it is a good feature phone.

This phone is a pretty good phone except for one big deficiency - it doesn't like Plantronics headsets. Even with the phone in your breast pocket the connection will break up or disconnect. I paired two different Plantronics headsets, M-25 & M-155, with them and both worked badly. They were flawless with other phones.However, the phone worked great when paired with my S305 headphones and my Blueant Q2 headset.

For the price its really not exceptionable. Just should had gotten a cheaper virgin mobile phone for the same features.

Nice phone...better than I expected...very quick delivery

I bought this phone thinking it was as good as samsung m575. no it isn't. the keyboard hesitates with every letter you type. it should be instant for texting. phone doesn't have many features, like the m575. waiting for refund!

I received my phone today. One day shipping. It's a great phone and I'm loving it. I have already swapped phone for this one. Great;-)

I LOVE THIS PHONE! I AM SO HAPPY WITH THE SERVICE AND RECEPTION AND ALL THE THINGS IT CAN DO! THERE ARE TIMES YOU JUST DON'T WANT TO GO TO YOUR LAPTOP OR DESKTOP TO LOOK UP SOMETHING REALLY QUICKLY: THAT IS WHERE THIS CELL COMES IN SO HANDY. YOU CAN GET ON THE INTERNET FAST ASK YOUR QUESTION AND GET THE ANSWER ALL BEFORE YOU COULD GO INTO ANOTHER ROOM FOR YOUR DESKTOP OR PULL YOUR LAPTOP OUT OF THE BAG OR GO TO ANOTHER ROOM FOR IT ALSO. IT HAS A LOT OF MEMORY AS WELL AS HAVEING A PLACE TO PUT YOUR MEMORY CARD UP TO 32 GB. YOU CAN DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM THE NET OR YOUR DESKTOP SO YOU CAN USE YOUR CELL AS AND MP3 PLAYER. I CAN'T SAY ENOUGH ABOUT THIS CELL TRY IT I AM SURE YOU WILL LOVE IT ALSO

This is great for a not-so-smart phone; I get my emails from Yahoo and Gmail quickly; the voice quality is fine; have a few issues with signal strength but that is a Virgin Mobile problem not the phone itself.  Would recommend this phone for an upgrade from the very basic free phone from Assurance Wireless.  It is compatible with the free govt phone assistance program.

If you don't need wifi this pay as you go phone is really a great device.Full keyboard, music, simple and easy to use.

If you are looking for a good sturdy phone for talking, texting, and taking pictures, with some internet use; without the hassle of Smart phone plans, then this is the phone for you! I have had this for about a year and a half and it is still going strong!

WAS NOT ABLE TO HAVE PHONE HOOKED UP TO MAKE OR RECIEVE CALLS. I DONT LIKE IT. THE PHONE IS PRETTY.

I bought this phone for my daughter for Christmas & she loves it. It's hard to get her to put it down! This phone has everything she needs/wanted. This indeed was a GREAT buy!!

This phone is a great price for a good simple phone. It doesn't have a lot of extra bells and whistles, but my plan doesn't cover those anyway. I highly recommend this phone.

Phone absolutely not let you access the internet. Phone will shut off on its own with out any warning and with full battery. Phone will beep continuously if you miss a call or text and will continue to beep until you manually shut it off, there is no way to override the beeping sound unless you put on complete silence but then your alarm will not work. Shame on samsung! Phone will freeze up for several seconds and then work normally. Reception is terrible. Pass on this one.

I want to like this phone. I really do. I got it for twenty bucks, which is a good deal in every way, except that this phone is more annoying than Carrot Top on cocaine. If you have it set to anything other than all silent, like, say, "ringtone off" because you want to use the alarm, then whenever you get a text or a call, it starts beeping at you. Every minute. Do you feel like your life is taking too long? Are you waiting for some exciting upcoming event? Because if so, the Montage can help you. Minutes will have never seemed so short as when your phone beeps once per while you're trying to sleep...or drive...or talk to someone...or pour a cup of coffee...or try to control your ever-increasing rage...and there's no way to turn it off.I've had a lot of Samsung phones, and they were all great. I don't know why Samsung decided to make a phone with the worst feature ever and then make it impossible to turn that feature off, but I'm guessing that there was a bet with the devil and a beating with a tire iron involved.Otherwise, phone seems okay. Personally, I find the slide-out keyboard a little difficult to use (I have to reach really far for the space bar and it seems oddly difficult to press), and it's annoying that you have to turn on predictive text every single time you text someone. (There's a setting in the phone to turn it on, but I have no idea what that applies to, as clearly it doesn't mean messages; I think it must just be there to mess with your head.) Also, minor complaint: You can't change the menu background from VM's red with white text. In general, though, it's a pretty good phone; if you're deaf and so smelly that no one is ever in your physical company to be annoyed by the beeping, go for it, man. This phone has your name on it.Oh! Positives: It locks easily. The key lock turns on automatically, but you can turn it off if you like your phone having conversations with people without you, or you can switch it so that a navigation button locks it, which has you put a number code in to lock and unlock it. My last Samsung phone involved navigating through multiple menus and took 7 steps to lock it, so this is nice. It also has parental controls, if you want to prevent your parents from making poor choices regarding data and picture messaging. Plus, it comes with Tetris, which is by far the best thing about this phone.**Update/edit: Okay, after two more days of this phone while waiting for a different one to get here from Amazon, I can add a few more things to this. First, the alarm does work while the phone is set to "all silent," which is a positive in that it allows you to sleep without incessant beeping, but a negative in that if I tell my phone to be silent, I want it to be, y'know, SILENT.Second, it cannot handle sending texts >160 characters. Seriously. I saw that in a review, but thought that people must be confused about how to use phones. My unwarranted assumptions have come back to bite me, though, because it really doesn't. My previous Samsung phone would indicate by character count when I'd moved over 160 characters and start a "new" message, but it still let me keep typing (up to I think seven 160-character messages--and writing this out is making me think that perhaps I send too many texts). This phone? You get to 160 and it beeps at you and tells you that you're over the limit. Then you have to either save or send that message and begin a new one. WTF.Third, while I haven't sent/received many picture messages, it's screwed up two that I've received (only got half the picture), and when you tell it to save a picture, it defaults to saving it to your phone even when you have the card selected as the destination for pictures--because apparently that only means pictures you take, not ones you receive.Thus concludes my horrible experience with this phone, which I will be beating to death with a sledgehammer as soon as I activate my new one.

This phone is extremely cheaply made.  It appears to be designed to break.  To put the battery in, you have to snap the back of the phone off and I can already tell its going to break after a half dozen attempts to do this.The keys and controls are difficult to use because they are too close together.I only bought this phone because it was one of 4 supported by my friend's wireless provider.  What a piece of crap.

Bought this as a gift for my son, and he says, he loves it!  It's easy to use and fun as well!

I love this phone. I have trouble seeing and this is great for me. Easy to learn the phone. Nice speaker phone and camera. I had very fast delivery and no problems at all.... I rate this 5 stars

Purchased this for my ten year old daughter. She loves the fact that she can take pictures and make videos. The battery life on the phone is great. She charges it every three to four days.

This phone caught my eye. I liked the colors and the slide out keyboard. the price is great; that also caught my eye. however, the keyboard letters are flat, which makes them hard to press, but other than that, it is a great phone.

This phone is sooooo irritating.  Worst phone ever.  Can take pics but cannot send picture messages! says  not enuff memory.  I bought a memory card and it still wont send them.  It also beeps every time you get a text or voicemail and will not stop until you dismiss the notification and there is no way to disable this feature.  It has been a complete nightmare  getting a new one asap.

I like this phone, Its not an android but it gets the job done. The texting future has got me hung up on texting more often. I also like the fact that it allows me to check my emails when I am away.

nice phone for the money.  easy to text with.  the main downside of this phone is that it beeps when a new text or voicemail comes in and wont stop unitl you check it.  i contacted the company and there is no way to disable that feature.  it really stinks if your napping and left your phone on

This is exactly what I wanted and it works way better than my other phone. I would have gotten this a lot sooner instead of  using my old one.

I Just love this phone when I was checking all the reviews for this item there were many bad reviews about the beeping sound but the sound doesn't bother me at all I like being notified when I have missed a call or haven't read a message but I would recommend this for someone who is a beginner with a cellular device and when I got the package it came in its nice box with everything that Virgin Mobiles website said would be in the box and very fast shipping!

I use it every day -- keys are a good size

I would've rated this only 3 and a half stars, but seeing how I can't, I'll have to stick with 4. I would have rated the 3 and a half stars because I am used to smartphones and iPhones and iPods;  in other words I like a touch screen. (Which this does not have.) but as a college student, as most of us are we are all broke and on a budget. So I cannot complain, it's a phone it texts, the Paylo plan is nice. It does what I want itd to and at a low price. I would recommend this to anyone that doesn't want to pay much.

I got this phone for my 16 year old son. The phone has a quality feel to it that I didn't expect at this price point. The buttons feel good on both the slide out keyboard and the front of the phone too. One thing that could be better is that the top row of the keyboard keys is really close to the body of the phone so if you have fat fingers, it's going to be tough to get to those buttons. Other than that, it's what someone would expect as far as performance and features are concerned.

I will be purchasing this phone from the feedback I have read from the customers who have purchased it. It is just what I was looking for and the price is right.

i don't have a need for all the bells and whistles of the androids, blackberries, etc, but definitely want more than the very basic. this phone is exactly what i need. it is attractive, easy to use, sound quality is good, size and weight easy to handle, camera above par, and the keyboard fits my minimalist texting needs just fine. my next need may be a wi-fi ready phone, but until that time, this phone is just right.Update: 11/14/2013Okay, I've had it long enough to give a real assessment of this phone and it ain't good.  I will be brief with my comment - if you don't mind charging everyday, the phone is okay, otherwise stay away!  This thing will not hold a charge 24 hours, even when not in active use, and runs down even quicker with use.  Too darn bad, as this could really be a nice phone.  Frustration finally got the better of me and I got rid of it.  Oh, sending picture messages is problematic as well.

Very good for talking and texting, really don't use it for anything else. No ringtones available on VM website but can be downloaded from the phone. Ringtones and alerts are very good. For a basic phone this works fine.

purchased for my daughter and she loves it. Ability to text, camera, video. Perfect phone for everyone. Also, looks great.

I recently just bought another cell phone (the Kyocera S2300) and as much as I loved how the phone appeared, that was the only thing I liked about it!This cell phone is so much better. It's so clear and free of static, especially when it rings! The keyboard is perfect! Yes the buttons are pretty flat, but I have had NO problem (and again) it's easy to type on this keyboard (compared to my other cell). Also, I love the smileys (as it has a good amount). The screen too is pretty large (larger than it looks in the display picture). The camera I think is pretty good too. Not the "best" camera phone, but much better than some. But, you do have to lower the resolution on the camera in order to send it. This camera does have different shooting modes too which I think is a nice little feature as well. I was worried that the battery life wouldn't be good on this, but wow was I wrong! The battery life is GREAT and I'm so pleased with it.Now the Cons (which are slight):The phone leaves a light smell on my hands somewhat. They smell like I've been holding batteries. To fix this problem, I'm just getting a cover/case for this phone.Ringtones. Unfortunately, this phone can't D/L ringtones by just buying them on the Virgin Mobile website. You have to access the Virgin XL on your phone. I have not been successful at downloading a ringtone yet, but I know you can do it.*Note: The USB data cable does not come with thisphone on Amazon (as it does on the Virgin Mobile website).**UPDATE**8 months later the battery seemed to take a turn. Oneday it just started needing to be charged much more. Maybe it's just time for a new battery, but still-annoying!* 1 month later from last UPDATE:The phone now needs to be charged DAILY! I barely use this phone and it's ridiculous. Seems I may have to switch back to my older phones!2 months later: Suddenly (still runing on the same battery) the phone charges every few days-just like new. What a weird phone! Especially since I use it the same amount. Guess I will keep this one after all.

Second phone of this model works good. Solid for texting. I dont use it for web or games. It takes decent pictures

THIS IS A REALLY NICE PHONE I HAVE TO GET USE TO BECAUSE MY OTHER PHONE WAS TOUCH SCREEN BUT IT IS NICE AND I LIKE THE SILVER IT LOOKS REALLY GOOD EVEN THOUGH I BOUGHT A COLOR CASE FOR IT I HAVE NOT PUT IT ON BECAUSE I LIKE THE SILVER MORE THAN I THOUGHT I WOULD.

Others have mentioned the voicemail/text beeping until you acknowledge and I have to say this is a major problem for me as well. I'm a light cell phone user, but that doesn't mean I don't get junk texts and wrong numbers. My phone lives in my purse in a desk drawer most of the day so the sound of the beep isn't actually the biggest problem - it's that the beep seems to sap the battery. When I don't miss a call, the battery can last nearly a week, but if I return from a 2-hour meeting and hear my phone beeping in the drawer, poof - I'm down to a bar. I've even found the phone dead, when it started the morning with three bars. I keep a spare battery with me, but sometimes I don't look at the phone for several hours and don't know that it has died (my husband tells me when I get home :()I also learned the hard way that if you want to take the highest quality photos the camera is capable of (which is the default setting), and do anything with them, you must have a memory card. I went to send one of my first photos and found it was too large - the 2.0 mp default size is larger than Virgin Mobile will allow through the network. My pictures were trapped in my phone until I purchased a memory card and microSD to USB adapter to get them out. So that works, but it's more money and certainly more effort. I learned through research online that you can change the default photo size to 1.3 mp and then you can send photos directly from the phone. Maybe my issue here is with VM for limiting the message size, but if this phone was designed for use on a VM plan, then shouldn't it default to a compatible size?Also, although my phone is set to automatically go to keyguard, it seems to take a while. I haven't figured out how long, but several times I've pulled the phone out of its pocket in my handbag and it had been dialing 9999999999 or some other nonsense when it locked down.Otherwise, great phone - hence the three stars. It has lots of features for the price, decent screen size, and it's easy to use. Photo quality (at 2.0 mp) is very good. I'm not a regular texter, but I find the keypad comfortable for when I return a text or search the web. If it weren't for a couple quirks, I'd truly love this phone.

I purchased this cell phone because my boss texts information from another office.  I am not into technology and do not like having a cell phone in general so I don't need an something high tech.  It suits my needs.  Other people complained of the beeping when you get a text/call but I don't really find it annoying.  I'm glad I hear it because it's not very loud even when you have the volume turned up.  I also had a pay as you go Virgin cell before this one and was able to keep the plan rather than having a monthly bill which I also like.

i don't require anything fancy, just a good phone. and this samsung is pretty nice as a basic cell phone. it's heavier than i expected, and seems to have a quality build to it. the speaker phone is much clearer and louder than my last phone which was a cheap one. so for $40 i can't complain . a must buy for folks that are stretching their dollars.

Had to replace another Virgin Mobile phone that I had had and decided to try this one.  Very nice solid built phone.  Should last for years if taken care of.

It came the next day and worked perfectly, i couldn't have asked for more. 5 out of 5 stars from me.

Its just a quick pre pay phone. Easy to use on virgin mobile network with a cheap simple plan. I would buy another

I like most everything about this phone but the battery life. my other phones were better. not sure if its a manufacturing flaw or what. I can live with it for now since I don't use it very much anyway.
