
I love the phone but  soon as I got it ive had trouble with it I wish there was something that could be  done

The phone was in good cosmetic condition. A couple of nicks on the face, but all and all not bad for a refurbished. Did not come in an original box. Generic battery and charger. No manuals or paper work. No 8gb memory card. System is pre-updated, so that means it has been activated before. No protective peel away covers on the camera lens, led flash, focus sensor or back cover. Limited warranty, not the full one year provided with a new phone. If your looking for that new phone experience look somewhere else. Phone is Amazon Prime, but sold by a second party seller and Amazon says they have no control of what the seller sends. You may not get what you see in the pictures provided by the seller. Good luck.Update. Amazon Prime comes through again. Made things right. Keeping the phone. It is in very good condition, but not new. I never buy anything on Amazon that's not Prime after dealing with second party sellers not Prime. I left eBay years ago when I found Amazon Prime.(But sometimes I go back because I can save some cash just to again be disappointed and remember why I stopped spending my money there) Independent sellers are either awesome or just lying pain in the butts. It's hard to find any online retailer that stands by what they endorse and sell. Hands down Amazon Prime rules the .com industry on 100% customer satisfaction.

Phone was beat up more than described,  had to replace the battery as soon as i got the phone would not hold charge and battery was swelled. Was told it could've exploded.

This phone was for my husband who has never had a touchscreen or smart phone for that matter before.  He is getting used to it and really likes the screen.

Love this phone. Wouldn't want anything else. It's durable and does everything I need. Camera is good but is better when taking landscape pictures. Portraits OK but not as good as the landscape pictures.

Great phone,  the phone had few scratches but was in excellent condition.  It was able to be used quickly and easily with our provider!

Great phone, rugged, water resistence, manly, good weight, and perfect palm fit, which is great for my husband. Thank you.

phone worked great for the first couple of months..then it started to malfuction not responding to key pad...dialing wrong phone numbers ...texting would not work would have to shut it off to reset it on the call log or incoming calls it will show numbers not names

The Seller (turbotronics-usa)  had very very slow delivery. This took 8 business days for a Texas to Texas delivery for which all carriers in Texas to Texas ground normally take only 2 business days. It finally came on A Friday and then, I had to go to the post office myself and get it , thus costing me another 3 days--- so now the final total for me is 11 days for delivery. This delivery service sucks. .Absolutely no excuse for the time it took to get the phone or the hidden USPS  "fetch it yourself" clause. This  caused frustrating issues regarding my plans for why I ordered the Phone. To top it all off-- The new phone had no SD card installed ($35.00 hit) and it had no owners manual included with the purchase (found it on-line). Now-- I say the Phone itself works great upon arrival. Took it to Verizon store and activation was a easy as pie. I already dropped the phone once by missing my shirt pocket and letting it fall hitting  a table at a restaurant,  then it hit the tile floor full force of the fall and spun under the table. Did not get  scratch and still works fine. The moral of this phone review:  The  Phone is great but the  Seller is not recommended. Buy the phone for sure if you want this type of phone, but buy it from someone other than turbotronics-usa.

Firstly, let me say that I moved onto this phone having never owned an android before, and upgrading from the Casio G'zOne Rock, which I absolutely loved, and have used for over 4 years.  I finally moved on because while it was very close to indestructible, it could not stand up to mischievous puppy teeth.This phone has to qualities that need rating, which is rare for a smart phone.  The hardware and the software.The hardware is top notch.  I took a plunge in the water, and was fine.  It has been hit with steam coming from a power plant's steam turbine, and has continued to function.  It's fallen 20 feet, and been fine.  It looks very tough, and it backs it up.The software seems to be what is doing me in, here.  I'm not going to complain about the OS, because I have literally nothing to compare it to, though it's a 3 year old OS, and one shouldn't purchase this phone thinking it's going to compete with a Sony Xperia Z1 or the Samsung Galaxy S [insert number here].  I'm sure it doesn't, but that wasn't a deal breaker for me.What is a HUGE problem for me is the sheer amount of bloatware that comes on this phone, and NONE of it is uninstallable unless you root the phone.  The G'z app is fine, and most people who get the phone will have no problem with it.  But it comes with Verizon Apps, Backup Assistant, Bing, Google Books, City ID, Clock Widget, Cloud background, Deep Sea background, Document Viewer, Gmail, Email, Emergency Alert, Gallery, Google Play Music, Growing Tree background, Guided Tours, Honeycomb Pattern Background, InnoPath ActiveCare, Mirage Background, Music (bringing it up to 2 music apps), My Verizon Mobile, News & Weather, NFL Mobile, Shock wave background, Shooting Star Background, Skype Mobile, Slacker, Social Beat, V Cast Media Manager, V Cast Music, V Cast Tones, Verizon Video, Videos, Nuance Voice Control, VPN Client, VZ Navigator, Waterproof background, Weather, and Youtube preinstalled.All 38 these preinstalled apps wind up eating up half of the internal storage, and you can't move them to an SD card, and you can't uninstall them.  If you let all of them update (which is an opt-out process), they wind up eating up a good chunk more of your phone's limited memory.So the hardware is great, but it comes pre-loaded with so much crap that it makes me long for my old dumb phone.

It is a very durable phone. The apps are amazing. Easy access to email, text and internet. The compass future works well.

it is exactly what he wanted. ruggedness is great too. easy to run! good size but needs bigger key pad!!

Where I work there seems to be a fixation on Casio "rugged" cell phones.They have issued three models over the last 6 years including the Bolder, Ravine and Commando.Each was a "new" thing to get use to and each had/has their issues.The Commando is vastly worse than the Bolder and Ravine.I have three serious issues with this phone;1.) The battery life is worse than my old Palm Treo, worse than ANY cell phone I have ever owned including Motorola, Palm, Sanyo, Casio, and many more. I get between 16 hours and 1 day, 4 hours. The phone even kills the battery if you turn it off and leave it in your car over the weekend. I have taken to removing the battery at night to give myself some breathing room in the morning before I have to tether the phone to a wall. Remember corded phones? Remember not being able to walk across the room without yanking the cord tight and snapping the phone receiver out of your hand? It's like that.2.) The phone places every person in your Contact List who you call or receive a call from into the Favorites List. Do not confuse this activity with the Call Log, that is another list of call transactions. Unlike the Call Log, you can NOT remove a person from your Favorites List without deleting their associated Contact from your Contacts List. You can remove single entries from the Call Log. The "delete" is missing from the Favorites List.3.) The SMS Text application does not count characters as you enter your message. ALL the rest of the Casio phones (Bolder and Ravine) provide this essential function except the Commando. Why is this important? An SMS Text Message is limited to 160 characters. If you compose a message longer than 160 characters, the Cell System, not the phone, divides the message into a second message. this causes you to pay for two messages at full price even if "your" message is only 161 (or more) characters. This is compounded greatly should you be sending to everyone in a group. Imagine how quickly you can rip through your 250 message-per-month allotment should you NOT count those characters... ever try counting characters? It's hard.Update: I found a new bug. If you receive a call, say on Monday and you then go about your activities you will notice you have an entry in your Call Log recording this call. Very normal, nothing to review here... But wait, there's more. If you shut-down your phone at the end of the day, say like to conserve the battery overnight and then you take the next day off and do not turn the phone back on until Wednesday, you will see in your Call Log the call you received on Monday showing as a call received "yesterday". Tapping on this call to look at the details will show the correct date and time however when you return to the overview list, the call still shows as "yesterday. The Call Log application fails to recognize the period of time which the phone was shut-down and reports the call as having been received on Tuesday, even when you know that both the call its self was received on Monday and the phone was powered-off all day Tuesday. I'll call this a bug not an "issue" as it's reproducible and persistent and demonstrates a failure in the software.Another Update: Twice, after the conclusion of a call the phone started to vibrate erratically. At first I thought I had done something to the phone so I showed it to a coworker while it was "spazzing-out" as he said. The display would rapidly shift between several screens and the vib motor seemed to be responding to the sounds in the room or sending me Mores code messages. We both tried to get it to stop and failed so I removed the battery and reinstalled it.This has happened twice, both times with witnesses. This sort of stuff may be why the battery in these phones doesn't last very long.I spoke with a representative of Verison (spelling error, I know) about the SMS thing and the other two issues. He said he could "relate" and was able to reproduce the Favorites and SMS problems on the phone he had at his disposal. He did not directly address the battery life issue but implied that he was aware of the large number of people in the Forum complaining of similar problems.I have other problems with the Commando, such as the persistent "please unplug your charger" nag message and the "sticky" rubberized coating on the casing. A "rugged" phone should be easier to clean as it's going to get dirty in use. Also, the speaker ports are trash magnets, the big magnets in there combined with the large and numerous openings contribute to a lot of stuff getting in there.Lastly, I would like to point-out that the phone will not sit flat on a table. If you turn it over and look you will notice that Casio put a protrusion around the earphone cover opening which extends below the common back surface of the phone. This "bump" makes for a two-point contact with the table top that makes the phone rock back and forth as you tap at the screen. A touch-screen phone that you MUST hold in your hand to get anything done. Ever try to get any work done with both hands on your cell phone? You can't even properly go to the bathroom this way.I was unable to get -ANY- support through my company's cell provider so I'm taking this advantage to warn others about this horrible cell phone.

Made for Verizon, but newer version is out.  Old one is great.Robust, practical all the usual whistles and bells.Added screen covers and rubberized protector.

Phone was derived add promised. Just needed a software update.

OK first things first, its a great phone I have owned quite a few droids and have destroyed them.  This phone will work under water and take drops with ease.  The screen seems scratch resistant also.  The only complaints I have with it is the internal memory and the os system freezes up time to time but with that being said I cold have been running.to many things at once.  With this phone I HIGHLY recommend installing ES FILE EXPLORER its an app that let's you move files from your phone onto SD and clear the retarded caches that you gain when playing games on your phone but that happens on any smart phone.Besides that the camera is smooth, the use of the phone is easy and everything you wanted in a smartphone if u destroy your phone.  I'm no longer afraid when I drop my phone or get it wet I take shower and listen to music with this phone with no worries and when it gets dirty I run in under the faucet to clean it absolutely pleased with an SD card and the ES FILE EXPLORER you should never worry about internal memory problems ever

It meet all expectations, we had one stolen so we knew the phone already. It was easy to reconnect with Verizon.

Had this phone for a year. It's freezing and rebooting itself. It stopped vibrating for any notification. Had to get a vibrating application from Google play to fix it. I will switch to iPhone in a few months.

My son loves this phone because he works in construction. It is durable and reliable.

So far so good. There are a lot of preloaded apps that I will never use but I needed a tough phone and this one seems to fit the bill. Thank you.

Love love love this device, lost the same model 9 months back in the woods (#1 was with me for about a year, I hope to keep #2 with me forever and ever) and life was not the same. This thing takes a the drops, the water plops, it can take the heat and keeps on kicking. At work I us it to listen to internet radio with headphones (some head phones don't connect so be sure try a few if it doesn't work at first), while I drive I use a GPS the speakers are nice and loud, the screen is great (you have to push a little harder than a normal touch screen but not by much), photo quality is 'so so' but it get the job done (they come out grainy and higher res pics can't be sent out for some reason), I don't like the pre-loaded rooted apps like Bing but you can't get away from that (at least not) and I love that I can rinse (I make sure the seals are closed)  it off when it gets dirty.Battery life is like any other smart phone, it depends on your apps and GPS usage, if I'm using it to navigate it will last for about 2 hours, if  I'm listening to internet radio 3 hours, normal texting calling 5 hours so I just keep it charged.As a person who is prone to dropping anything I'm hold this phone is amazing. 2 of my friends got the same device and really like too... One fo them killed every phone she had within 3 months but not this one, this keeps working and she loves it more than I do.Phone call quality is great, other phones I had would drop calls or have calls go straight to voice mail (on the same service provider) but this little guy picks them all up. I get service where most other people don't (on the same service provider), there's one place I didn't but I think they have lead walls becase no one ever gets service there.Syncs with blue tooth easily.Bright flash light.Nice design.It has some neat 'adventure' apps pre-loaded, not anythig you couldn't download yourself but its there.Like any device it's has it's great, it's good and it's meh features. It's great features make up for any of the so so ones (for example I have stubby fingers and the 'trace' typing rocks)

Great for Durability! but cannot use the apps I want too.. def Not a 4G phone!

I have had this phone for over a year now.  It has held up very well to tough environmental conditions.  I like that I don't have to worry about my phone while at work or play.  I do have a few issues with it though.  It needs more on board memory, currently only 400MB available.  At least 1GB, 4GB would be nice in addition to the 8GB SD card. With today's technology I don't think that would increase the price by all that much.  It keeps freezing in the middle of applications and the only way to un-freeze is to take the battery out.  I can't have a lot of apps on the phone.  Even if I "move" them to the SD card.  I can't automatically move pictures and video to the SD card either.  The only way I can store photos is to email them to myself and reopen them to the SD card. A real pain. If they would come out with these upgrades I would definitely get another.  As it is I am seriously thinking of getting a Samsung 2 instead.

This phone is awesome, if you root it. Low on board memory and over loaded apps from the factory really slows this phone down. Once rooted and the bloatware removed this phone rocks! 16g SD card and moving all but the apps I use most to it, really speeds up this phone. Believe me, I'm U.S.M.C. infantry and this phone is the only phone I could recommend from a durability standpoint. Grunt proof, this is the glock of cell phones, nothing pretty to look at, maybe not the fastest or all the bells and whistles, BUT you will never pull this out and find it broken, well unless it stopped a bullet.

this is my 2nd commando in 3 years( construction worker), auto sync would mess things up, drain the battery. don't know what the final damage was from but just wasn't acting right even Verizon couldn't figure it out . figured I would wait a year to see how the new commando performed before I bought one , hopefully its as tough and durable as the 3 g version.

phone is junk ,,appears to be refurbished,,add says its new .., a china battery and no manual with it and know one can hear what I say unless I yell in to it ,,,have it activated with my number ,,im in the process on replaceing it.

Battery did not stay charged long. Really slow. The memory card slot is really thin and it breaks very easily

This is a great phone especially for someone like me who takes it every were (especially in a burning building or around lots of water). its very tough and durable but runs a bit on the slow side. all in all great phone.

We purchased what was sold as a new phone and paid the corresponding new phone price, but when we turned the phone on it the activation screen clearly said these words: &#34;Certified Like New Replacement&#34; so that means it's not a brand new phone!! Not very pleased with that at all. As of yet the phone hasn't had any issues but we've had it less than 24 hours.

It is everything that is was stated it would be ,and i love my phone !!!! Thank you so very much !

Came right on time, no issues.

The phone was a gift for my husband. He really likes the phone. its everything he needed. he especially likes the case that  is on the phone as he is a contractor & likes that the phone is so well protected by the outside casing. thank you for this great phone

This phone is a poor excuse for what it's advertised to be.It's no more than a &#34;Flip&#34; phone without the front flip.Too few functions. Overrated !

durable and loudtouch screen is less sensitive than most (due to thicker screen glass of ruggedized phone)loaded with bloatware  root has been published to free up memory.

I work in the field and am hard on phones. This one stands up, but you almost have to use a bluetooth headset with it because you need to keep the phone pressed very close to your mouth or you'll get a constant stream of complaints from people you call telling you &#34;I can hardly hear you&#34;. Over and out.

Great phone for heavy duty use on construction site. I drop it and nothing happens. It's a great phone by al means.

Works great. It was worth every penny. I'm glad that it was pretty cheap, compared to what I would have paid for at a Verizon store.

this is by far the WORST phone I have ever had. what a piece of trash, the touchscreen sucks -  it has hardly any memory - it's slow and can't handle more than a few loaded apps at a time -  the casio gzone or whatever interface is lame -  call quality sucks -  buttons are in stupid positions so you can't tell if its upside down without actually looking at it - dumbest design ever not even worth protecting.on the plus side i will say i have thrown it as far as i can several times and against concrete a bunch of times and it still works (if you can call what it does &#34;working&#34;)I seriously think Verizon sold this phone as some kind of an inside joke because you really can't do much of anything with it beside make phone calls with poor quality or tether the slow data connection to something else more useful (3G usually isn't bad but for some reason this phone's 3G is exceptionally slow). ZERO STARS

Unfortunately a good number of the programs that come with this phone do not work...like the email app, the Facebook app, etc. Upon researching Verizon, they even admit that this is a problem with this phone.So i had to download independent apps for each of these items. WELL, the phone has such a small amount of internal memory that it maxed out what i had just getting the basics to work....In conclusion, the phone is very well built as advertised, but not a good phone if you do much more than call and text.

I have one of these phones in the past it was a great phone very durable, but I droped it one day and I quit working. so I after I tried many others none compared to these. so I bought a new one and it was a great phone at first and then got a little worse every week I have not dropped it or put it to any abuse. I have had to do 2 hard resets on it and have been on the phone with verizion and they can give me an answer to what is wrong with it. I have a very hard time making calls and the battery does good to stay up a half a day. all I can say is I wont make this mistake again. as soon as I get my money saved up ill go back to att and get the Samsung active. sorry for the negative review but im not gonna lie about 150 dollar p.o.s.

I purchased this phone it said, like new  when I ordered it waited 2 1/2 weeks for it I got  the phone mouth piece you talk into doesn't work now I have to send it back and wait another 2 months for either a refund or replacement phone. So I wont be ordering any thing else from this vendor iv'e also wasted money on cases for it I also have to send back...This sucks!!!!!!

this item states BRAND new on the order slip but be warned its a refurbish and comes out of factory box so in the end i was charged $150 for someone elses reused phone; the phone was more then i expected very well built and very responsive i just feel buyers should be aware of this false advertising.

This phone is very strong - I can also confirm it is waterproof. I tested it after the phone infuriated me enough for me to throw it into my garden pond, where it stayed for about an hour.The reason for my anger toward this great phone? The touchscreen keyboard is the least responsive thing I've ever come across. I've owned smartphones of all kinds previously but the keyboard on this is unbelievably poor.The Android OS on this model stopped at 2.3.3 so its a few versions behind, so consequently the native email app has a bug in it that will occasionally stop sending emails..it took a month or so to realize. By that time the damage to my business was already done.The phone is also filled with Verizon bloatware which is impossible to remove. The built in surf/tide app only covers West coast USA - which is a shame if you surf anywhere else on the planet.It gets two stars because i bought it due to its hard wearing, sturdy design (I tend to wreck smartphones quickly) It IS very strong but the functionality so so unbelievably poor its almost unusable. At least it resists my attempts to destroy it.

I paid 160.00 for this phone and it is a refurbished phone and it was sold as new! It lasted all of 7 months. I will contact the seller and give the opportunity to make it right but at this point I am very dissapointed

I bought this phone for the durability aspect. But it's also has a ton of cool features and it's pretty fast. Two thumbs up.

I got this phone from Amazon. It shipped on time, arrived on time, and even though I ordered a used phone, it was indeed brand new! Kudos to Amazon for their excellent job with that. The ONLY good thing about this phone is that it truly lives up to it's name of being &#34;rugged&#34;. I have owned 4 different rugged phones (from T-Mobile, sprint, that other carrier that was affiliated with them back in the day, and Verizon). The only one that was indeed rugged was this one. I literally ran it over with my car, a truck, and a Humvee! Literally picked it up, wiped it off and carried on! Phone is built to last. I plunged this thing into a 12 foot deep pool (I chucked it in hard too), then I dove in, and took pictures and even made a phone call!!! (granted my wife couldn't understand what I was saying because I was underwater). Now that we have got that out of the way....on to the HORRIBLE. This phone is made for someone with patience. It is beyond slow, only works on 3G, Wi-Fi on it drops constantly (I put it literally next to my router and it couldn't connect until I restarted the phone), it constantly resets, and the keyboard goes all wonky after 30 days. I called Casio and Verizon and they did a software update.....THIS MADE IT UNBELIEVABLY WORSE!!!! I couldn't send text messages, make phone calls, and when I could get a call to go through, I would get a &#34;hello&#34; on the other end just in time for it to reset. It was after going through countless a**chewings from my boss (because I am in the Army and we need to be reached and respond within 30 seconds) I finally had enough. I tried to literally blow it up! Still did not destroy this machine!! So I angled it against my back tire and backed over it.....another fail....so I just gave it to my son. He likes it because he can jam out to tunes on it over the Wi-Fi (when it works) and because it has such a large speaker set, it cranks up. Besides the software and operating system being so degraded, it is a phone for the outdoorsman and clumsy people. Can also be subbed in as a great chock block.....that's about all it's good for. Seriously consider getting this phone for a young person! Not adult friendly or teenager friendly (unless you want to punish them).

the phone works well just need to learn its tricks and find a how to video.the phone is built well and hold up to a fall.

this phone was meant to be a phone to last me until my next verizon upgrade in a little less than a year. The phone is not amazing in performance but it gets the job done, and has a decent battery life (it will usually last me all day if i am only using it a little bit). I bought it for its durability, not its amazing features. It is kind of slow and lags sometimes, but overall its smooth. If you put too many apps on it the phone can't handle them all running at once and will restart. The reason I am writing this is to warn people that it is not waterPROOF. it is water resistant. i took it in the pool and water leaked in and destroyed it. rain or shower water won't damage it, but DO NOT SUBMERGE IT.

This phone was used, and required a reset at least once daily. I bought someone else's problem.  No way to know what you're getting.

This is a wonderful phone if you're looking for something tough that the usual smartphone. The only real issues I've come against so far is that it requires a microSD card in order to do most media functions such as play videos or take photos. And the slot to install a card is slightly tricky and not mentioned in the handbook. But it is easy to find though google. I give it 3.5/5 stars.

I had to switch to this phone for work but it has been nothing but a disaster. The battery life is poor, the OS is slow, the touch screen is not calibrating correctly, the keyboard sucks, pages don't load, and I am short of testing the waterproofness of it in the fox river. Thank goodness I have a Samsung Galaxy 3 phone at home to keep me sane.

The phone is a complete piece of junk. No card door included. So I cannot put an SD card in. Freezes non stop. DO NOT BUY FROM THESE PEOPLE!

Excellent phone but not enough internal memory and verizon has to many default apps that you can not get rid of.

I ordered this phone from here and it said it was used in very good condition.  Not true!  It  had lots of scratches and rough damage to the phone and it was dirty.  I picked the more expensive used one to get a better phone and I am so disappointed with this company and will not buy from them again.  It is not the phone I hate, it is the company I bought it from lied on the condition it was in.  and charged a high amount for it.  I should of bought a new one.

the only thing it doesn't have a front camera but otherwise it is a good phone, would recommend it to people.

Not a great phone but it does the job.  It is an older model so it tends to shut down and reboot frequently. On a good note, it is truly more durable than the average smart phone.

when i made or recived calles the mic would not work properly so i had to use my blue tooth to talk

It's hard to press certain letters& no front cam other than that it's great good looks& good battery life for now

I have had this phone for nearly a year now and I am ready for a different phone.  The phone's casing performs as advertised; tough, waterproof, dustproof, drop-proof.  I am completely satisfied in that aspect, however, the software is crap.  The phone comes preloaded with a bunch of nonsense that I will never use.  You cannot turn off the updates for the stuff you do not want, which is usually no problem, but this phone has no memory.  Having little memory would be fine if you could move apps to your SD card, problem is that you can only move some apps.  You can put maybe 3 apps on the phone before you are out of memory.  Then when my phone updates (the unwanted apps) I have to go back through and clear the update out because if I don't, that is wasted memory that I need so my phone will operate.  Also, there is no way to save pics and vids to your SD card and the only way to move them is to hook the phone up to your computer and move them manually (pain in the butt).  Casio really dropped the ball on this one.If I can make it through the day with my phone only crashing 2 or 3 times I count myself lucky.  Stay away from this phone.  If they come out with a revised version with (a lot) more memory and the option to save pics and vids straight to the SD card I will consider buying another one, until then HECK NO!!

JUST OK  NOT THAT GREAT SLOW BOUGHT THIS BECAUSE I HAD A GZONE BEFORE WHICH WAS EXCELLENT THIS SMART PHONE IS NOT IN THE SAME LEAGUE WAS TAKEING SOME PICTURES IN RAIN AND IT SHORTED OUT WOULD NOT RECOMEND MAYBE THE NEWER VERION 8711 MAY BE BETTER

I got this phone for my 15 year old grandson because of the rugged design. it has great features and is  holding up well

Very hard to use the internet. Small keypad plus had to hit the buttons on touch screen very hard to register. if you want a real durable phone get a basis phone not this

The Phone Body: After having used BlackBerry for a while, I decided to switch to the Droid craze and finally settled on the Commando. If you're searching for a smartphone that looks as rugged as it actually is, then you cant find a better model. It seems the design of the phone incorporated a body that is almost like a protective after market case you see with other phones. It almost eliminates the need to even buy a protective case! The ports, such as the USB charging port and headphone jack have protective plugs that seal off like gas caps to prevent water leaking inside. The battery cover locks and snaps into place VERY TIGHT as well. Almost too tight at times though, which can be frustrating for a quick battery pull. However its a design limitation that sacrifices battery pulls in order to better protect the phone. So it can be a pro or con depending on your outlook. One notable feature I was was surprised by: THE SPEAKERS! These things can put out some good sound! They are actually louder than a few laptops I've used! I've had the volume at full blast before, with lots of sound and almost no crackling or sound distortion! Everything about this phone screams rugged! Keep in mind however rugged DOES NOT MEAN INVINCIBLE. This phone can be damaged, but its made to withstand wear a tear which it has done for me when other phones were already showing signs of wear. Fortunately I've had this phone for a few months now and it still looks as good as the day I got it. Its suffered a few drops, some rain water, and mud, but nothing hard core yet. While it is said that it can take more, I bought mine brand new so Im still playing it safe. To a certain degree you should take care of your phone as much as possible no matter what brand you use.The Touchscreen: The glass is very sleek, smooth coated, and hasnt suffered a single scratch yet. Ive gone months without the screen protector and have yet to actually do damage. I would still recommend a screen protector just in case though. In addition, having to switch from a physical keyboard of BlackBerry to touchscreen of Commando was a bit frustrating. It does take getting used to. But thats not really the fault of the Commando. The default keyboard works ok but I would highly recommend getting a keyboard app from Google Play (Google Play is the store at which you will be using to download apps and comes installed on the Operating System). I highly recommend SwiftKey or GO Keyboard, Ive used both and like them the best. GO Keyboard has extra themes and Red Fusion matches the Commandos look perfectly. A nice additional feature, the phone switches from portrait to landscape when you tilt the phone which comes in handy when you need to use both hands. The touchscreen can be a bit wonky, but almost all touchscreens have hiccups no matter what you do. There is occasional ghost touches and unresponsive touches at times, nothing major that really breaks the phone itself however. But another pro this phone has for it is the screen itself is a nice size, not too big to make the phone overly bulky but displays the images with nice resolution and clarity!The OS: As you probably already know, it uses the Droid Operating System. The version on mine seems to run smoothly. Keep in mind the internal specs of the Commando is nothing mind blowing, but it gets the job done. Also keep in mind if its your first time using a smart phone there WILL BE GLITCHES with the OS. I've used multiple smart phones and multiple brands and all have issues from time to time. They are computers and like all computers they have problems. But in comparison, I use my Commando more than I do my laptop, which says alot! I've played a few games and all seemed to work great. I played The Sims and a few other 3d games and had no problems. A neat bonus that comes with the Commando is the addition of GZ Gear. This program incorporates maps, thermometer, star gazer, compass, and more. All of which can be shortcut keyed to any of your multiple home screen panels. This is handy for outdoorsmen who use their phones for navigation, and gives the GPS a bit more usefulness.The Camera/Camcorder: Neither are nothing special but so far they are better than other phones I've used before. One thing I like is the Commando incorporates a flash, which is one thing I can understand why other phones leave out. A cool feature is the ability to use the flash as a flash light at the push of a button. Other phones can do this, but many require a third party app to be installed. But luckily here its included right into the design!All in all I could go on with all the pros and cons, so with those key points in mind, I love this phone. Its been the best one I've owned to date, and dont look to replace it any time soon!

The keyboard function on the touchscreen is garbage.  The phone may be tough but it did not survive my frustration.  I would not recommend this phone.

Phone is like new.  My hisband loves it. Our son paid a lot more for his, cant believe his dad only paid the small amount

My husband works a job where he has to have a rugged phone. Up until this point, he has always had to settle with the practically featureless rugged flip phones. When I added my son to our Verizon plan, I got him this phone and my husband was jealous. We still had another year before we could get new phones, and I honestly didn't want to spend over $400 on a new one. I came across this used one on Amazon and for less than $160, I figured I couldn't go wrong. The only thing is, I either didn't read the description well enough or it didn't include that the phone did NOT come with a memory card. I bought one on Amazon for a couple bucks, but my husband couldn't take pictures for a few days.My son loves to use his phone to watch YouTube videos. We have it connected to our Wi-Fi to save on data, so he watches things all the time on his phone.My husband loves the talking text message feature.

I have bought Casio Boulder and Ravine 2 Flip phones for myself and my employees for years.  They are indestructible and have great fidelity and terrific reception.  I can receive Verizon calls with clarity, when my "smart phone" friends couldn't get a signal.  I was very excited when the Casio Commando was released, until I tried it.The Casio Commando Cell phone, unlike it's predecessors, has horrible fidelity.  I was constantly repeating myself, (can you hear me), and my correspondents would refuse to talk to me until I got to a land line, because the fidelity was SO bad!  The phone was useless, and I returned it.As for it being "smart". it is not.  Everyone is reporting that it crashes constantly for lack of memory.  The software it comes with is crap and you can't get rid of it.The case seems indestructible, but who cares if there is nothing worth protecting.

Considering my cranberry droid broke twice on me in less than 7 months, I didn't want to pay another $100.00 again for something that would break again. Although it is slower being a 3G, I still receive emails, check the internet, etc. I've dropped this phone and still works fine. Once my plan is up, I will definitely buy the updated G'zOne!

This phone absolutely will not quit. I have literally listened to Pandora on this phone UNDERWATER and have (accidentally) run over it with an 8 ton tow truck before, and it never missed a beat. It has endured abuse above and beyond the call of regular phones, and still continues to impress. I say abuse, because frankly, myself and delicate electronics have a very sad and expensive history together, and this little guy has been put through things that go far beyond "hard use". I rate it at 4 stars because of minor problems I have with the software, such as the inability to uninstall default programs like Bing (which I loathe. And Bing, if you happen to read this, Google has won. It's over. Let it go.) and low memory capacity, etc. Otherwise, I just couldn't be more impressed with it.

TThis phone is garbage!!! The best features are that its water and shock resistant. Other than that they are a paper weight!!! The phone shuts off by itself all the time, freezes up and is very slow!!

After 1 year of use I can tell - worst phone I have ever have in my life.1.I can't download aps or, if I download it - I can't turn it on.2. Phone don't see Wi-fi at all!3. if I have 2 calls in same time - I lost both of them. Sometimes in middle of call phone start to call (by itself) to voice massage machine.3. After 1 night of charging battery died 6-8 hours latter. You need charge at least 10% of battery (takes up to 30 minutes) to simply turn phone on.4. Camera - I have better camera in 1990. The picture has no clarity. Picture in night time very dark.5. If you try to turn off options that you don't need or you don't use - you will mess up with full software.Only 1 good things - you cam drop it. I did a couple times because was so frustrated with this phone. Still working after this. However I look forward to Samsung Galaxy. Many of my friend have a very positive experience with Samsung.

Exactly like it was advertised... My husband is very happy with his new phone and we received the phone very quickly.

I purchased the commando G'zone from free wire mobile soon after that the phone started acting up ''Not Free wire's fault'' the phone some how got wet in the rain when i was working.. i didn't want a refund just a replacement i love the Casio they gave me no trouble about getting the replaced phone and im very pleased with the Help i have got from Free Wires Costumer Serves !!! BEST YET!

This has got to be one of the worst phones that verizon and casio has made. Casio should have never strayed away from the bullet proof flip phone. I would not recomend this phone for anyone.

Daughter loved it. She likes phone hopefully it handles everything she does cause she has been kind of rough on phones

Less than 90 days later, stopped working. Now we are stuck with a very expensive lesson. Lame lame lame lame!

I received the phone yesterday, and I got the phone and it had alot more than &#34; a few scratches&#34;. 1)The charging port wouldnt close all the way and was missing the rubbing ring to make it seal all the way. 2) the metal piece that is used to secure the SD card in place is missing. 3) The charger is not a casio charger, it was just an off brand charger that doesn't even work for the phone.( luckily I was able to find my old casio charger) 4)The charging port for the desk cradle doesn't work.

Rugged phone. I have dropped it from a 12' foot ladder onto concrete. Had it in my pocket when I jumped into a lake. Still works like it was new!

I had a brigade previously. Great phone. I bought this Commando phone brand new from a Verizon "Premium partner" (in small type) store.  The next day it crashed.  Took the battery out and reinserted and it reset. Worked another day and then it crashed again.  After repeated crashes I took this phone back and stated that it was defective. I did not want another Commando because I have learned the hard way, that the phone provider and the manufacturer are very slow in acknowledging product faults. And you can waste a lot of time sending replacement phones back & forth while they sort things out. Note that when you visit a Verizon "premium partner" store you are not really dealing with a Verizon dealer but a glorified phone independent dealer. Unlike Amazon and real Verizon stores they will charge you a restocking fee to return a defective phone. You will need to call Verizon directly to resolve your issue.  Bottom line: avoid this phone until Casio figures out what the problem is.  Meanwhile if you need a truely darn near indestructible phone you may want to consider one of Casio's older models. Its a real shame that no one else offers a product like Casios.

I ordered this for my grandson he has a habit of getting mad and throwing his phone at the expense of breaking them. Thought this would be a great gift for him he loves it and said granny this is great everyone needs one like this.I laughed and said no most people don't throw their phones.
