
I got this for my wife and it's been working very well! she loves it, it's very light and fast compare with the one she had before. the camera it's very good and the 3G works fine.Soy venezolano y este telefono me funciona muy buen con movistar, solo tuve que colocarle la sim y ya. 100% recomendado.

I purchased this phone for a gift for my father. I like the phone. This is not IOS or Android or not even touch, but it is a blackberry and very nice blackberry. Probably it has the best battery among all blackberry phones. Very fast BB 7 OS and my father is using 3G in India (Vodafone) by this phone which is really really running fast. Phone itself is good looking, easy to handle, okay call quality, okay camera and has a costly feel. But I am disappointed with the display. It is a small display which is okay, but at the same time it is low resolution even for the smaller screen. I am taking one rating off for that.

I needed a fairly reasonably priced smartphone as my budget was only $200. At 3G and with more features than my previous phone i feel i got great value for my money.My only suggestion would be for the seller to email the buyer once the phone has been purchased advising that the passcode to the unlocked phone is on the box. The box was tossed immediately because i was not informed of this.

Blackberry 9320 Excellent team, In the mid-range SmartphoneThe 3.2MP camera features, is of very low quality, the ability to send voice notes with the side button (BBM) does not work, and if you want Reuter mode on your phone you should consider the issue of  to raise 3G to do so ... If you are in 2G will automatically disable this featureEverything else was excellent, low cost ....Accept that and blackberry is dying or died ... my next smartphone will Samgung Galaxy Note 2 or S3 ..

Excelente equipo el mejor blackberry del momento porque posee todo y muy econ&oacute;mico. Excelente vendedor entrega muy r&aacute;pido. muchas gracias.

This phone is AT & T technology or T-Mobile?Blackberry 9320 Curve Unlocked GSM Quad-Band Smartphone with 3.2 MP Camera, Wi-Fi, GPS and 7.1 Blackberry OS - No Warranty - Black

MUY BUEN EQUIPO, 2 EQUIPOS NUEVO DE PAQUETE, LLEGO AL TIEMPO REQUERIDO, MUY RESPONSABLE EL VENDEDOR, CON SUS ACCESORIOS, LEVANTA 3 G PARA MOVILNET QUE ES LA OPERADORA QUE USO, VENEZUELA - TRUJILLO.

Excelente producto, es la versi&oacute;n del curve 5220 y esta genial, tiene flash y es super r&aacute;pido, lo recomiendo ampliamente

Excellent product, I use this cellphone in VENEZUELA, with  telefonica movistar and it works great. It works in 3G and 2G (EDGE) very well.

Great phone works fine. The came on time as promised. I recommend it to everyone who wants a good phone for a good price.

Muy buen equipo excelentes caracteristicas la bateria le dura todo el dia pero no me agarra 3g con movistar en venezuela.

Celular nuevo en perfectas condiciones tal cual lo solicite,liberado y usado con movilnet vzla trabajando al 100%.Vendedor muy recomendable.

Excelente equipo, funciona muy bien. Lo recomiendo ampliamente. Navega r&aacute;pidamente y puedes bajar las actualizaciones del software cuando quieras. I leve it!

nnnm mmnmm mnmnm mnnm mnmnm mnmnmn mnmnmn mnn  nnnm  mmnmn mnm mmnnm nnnmnm  nnmmn mnn  mnn  mnnk mm mmnm mmnm

Main reason I chose this phone was for the price.  After shopping other sites and phones I thought I liked this one.  Still trying to learn it, though.  Apparently the smart phone is smarter than me.

What eleji as a gift for my daughter and turned excellent, the only fault I see is that there should be a simple way to choose the product with the 850Mhz and 1900Mhz bands, and I should buy a digitel navergarlo line to 3G. Apart from that awful phone.

good night when I put the chip gsm phone asks me my MEP code when you put the box indicating I did not want to know how to accept

I am satisfied with this. excellent condition, applications, all in perfect working order, I highly recommend it. Unlock 1900MHz from Movistar, Movilnet- Venezuela

The phone is locked and is asking me a code MEP, please could send me the code, since the notice issued by you says unlocked but in fact it is thanks.

After 2 weeks the screen started going blank in the middle of use. Took it to get diagnosed and it needs a new board....

muy buen producto las 5 estrellas no las doy porque no lo e probado mucho excelente vendedor recomendado a toda la comunidad  desde limoncito yaritagua venezuela

COMPRE ESTE TEL&Eacute;FONO Y NO METIERON LA FACTURA EN LA CAJA CON EL EQUIPO; POR TAL MOTIVO NO HE RECIBIDO MI EQUIPO EN MI PA&Iacute;S.MI CURRIER AH TENIDO PROBLEMAS PARA LEGALIZAR EL TEL&Eacute;FONO EN LA ADUANA.QUE ERROR COMETIO ESTE VENDEDOR; DIOS....AUN NO HA LLEGADO A MIS MANOS

Very good phone...only fault was that it didnt come with a memory card. But overall very nice and small..It's a goooo.....:)

Let me just start out by telling you that the seller I ordered from (BREED) listed this item as &#34;new&#34;, not LIKE NEW but actually &#34;NEW&#34;  and it was actually refurbished. The phone had dust under the screen and came in a strange (probably fake) box without a berry symbol next to the logo type. All the accessories were new and included though.CARRIERI have AT&T; in the U.S. and the phone was unlocked and clean (no carrier info/settings) so manually programming the phone was difficult, even with AT&T;'s help. Nonetheless, it did work very well on AT&T;'s network and it had very fast data speeds. The call quality was very clear and SMS was like clockwork.HARDWAREThe phone itself worked well, everything was sturdy and felt very new. The speaker is very loud and clear, the display is decently sized and of good resolution.COMPLAINTSThe only big complaint I had was the keyboard. I'm 6'2&#34; and 270lbs. I'm a pretty big guy. I have decently big hands and the keyboard was near impossible to type on. Other than that, the phone is good but BEWARE OF SELLERS CALLING IT &#34;NEW&#34; if it's not.I ended up returning this phone for the 9900/9930 Bold Touch though. Bigger screen, bigger buttons, faster, but sacrifice of battery life. that's all.

The operation was performed successfully, are responsible people AND RECOMMEND TO BUY YOUR PRODUCTS WITH ALL YOUR TRUST TO BE HONEST

good phone, compact and easy to handle with good performance, it is recommended for those who want something modest yet functional.

excelente equipo... en excelente estado... ac&aacute; en Venezuela me funciona perfecto... me siento satisfecha  con el tlf y sin mas que decirle, se los recomiendo

In the Technical details it says it supports UMTS 2100/1900/850/800 MHz when it does not, I bought this cellphone trusting in the description of the item. And it doesn't work at 100% in my carrier

En la pagina de este articulo se lee que el mismo viene desbloqueado y es falso, no lo pude utilizar para ninguna operadora de nuestro paisy para regresarlo no reembolsan el 100% del articulo

Fast boot. Needs data plan to use BBM,GPS, hotmail, yahoo, gmail. You don't need data plan to use Facebook, twitter works with wifi.

It's a good phone and does exactly what it says on the box - quick delivery and no complaints. I prefer Blackberries for email and this serves my needs.

This is a well built compact BB that is very usable.  Ideal for people with small hands looking for a BB.  It's fast and responsive.  Build quality is &#34;like the good ol'd days&#34;

I bought these phones by believing that they were new, they were received in Venezuela with the sealed box but came without a  hearing aid and they work not only in 3G, works in 2G i feel cheated because in Amazon say that they were new and working in all the bands

I own this mobile phone and let me tell you I hate the clock (working...) everytime you open 3 or 4 apps at the same time, not enough internal memory that allows you to install more than Whatsapp...a disaster...As all Blackberry phones it takes years for it to turn on, the only thing I like is the style but performance, low. Better purchase a HUAWEI.

I give it a 4 because it is just a normal phone. It is great for exchanging BBM messages using a data plan and for.making and receiving calls. It alxo has good quality video and graphics and the sound quality is quite qood for a blackberry. What I am disappointed about is that the wifi does not seem to work independently instead the phone attempts to access the internet through a data plan from the network service provider. I would recommend this phone if one is looking for a phone to use with a data plan but then again it might be less costly to purchase it form the service provider with the plan. However it is so till a good phone.

the phone never came .. are irresponsiblenot recommend them before buying long analyzing comments from other buyers to offer the product

this cellphone came defective, I had to return it, this blackberry was for my uncle and he couldn't even use it... I don't know why they sold the electronic device already damaged

Equipo nuevo, la bater&iacute;a le dura todo el d&iacute;a, fue despachado a tiempo, en Venezuela agarra 3G con Digitel y 2G con Movilnet y movistar... Recomendado...

good evening, gentlemen amazon, I am not satisfied with the order placed, given that it was not received as requested and agreed in the purchase executed. Article was asked desbloquiado and was sent a model with telus sim card and did not meet the requirements requested. generandome problems to make use of this service and which supports my Paiz, I hope this is coorregido and fulfill the agreements of the orders sought are as is as specified in the sale. Thank you.

Soy de Venezuela, tuve retraso con la empresa que transportaba a Venezuela el telefono pero ya me lleg&oacute;. Este telefono es una maravilla, con Digitel levanta 3G, solo tuve un detalle, el convertidor de corriente que me enviaron es m&aacute;s peque&ntilde;o y no coincide con el cargador de tres puntas; motivo por el cual me veo obligado a comprar un convertidor o cargador aqui en Venezuela.  Del resto todo bienI'm from Venezuela, the company had delay Venezuela carrying the phone but I arrived. This phone is great, with up Digitel 3G, just had a breakdown, the power converter they sent is smaller and does not match the three-prong charger, which is why I have to buy a converter or charger here in Venezuela. The rest all good

I chose this item because I have had BB's for more than 5 years now. However, I find it more cumbersome to deal with as compaired to the prior version of the BB Curve.Included in the case came a quick reference guide in ITALIAN. I do not speak italian. The phone came without an user's  manual, and since it has new more features, I will have to get the manual (I hope) via internet.It has a better resolution screen but the icons are too small and up to now I have not fouund how to enlarge them (I have had the new BB for three days)

I was very worried this blackberry wouldn't work on my country. After coming back to Per&uacute;, I've turned on and works just fine with Claro carrier, so far no concerns.

quiero mas informaci&oacute;n de mi producto. cuando llega a Venezuela realice 2 compras el 3 de enero cuando me llega

in the bb mesennger when star a text conversation the center botton not up and not donw, i dont now why,i thing if defect of sorftwar.

Excelente producto lo compra para Venezuela y funciona s&uacute;per bien para Movistar y Movilnet!!! levanta bien el 3G!!! personas muy responsables!!

VERY GOOD, A LOT LIKE YOU MY WIFE PHONE BUT SHE NOW WANTS AN ANDROID BUT THIS IS VERY GOOD, MEETS EXPECTATIONS

Excelente producto lo que yo estaba esperando adquirir me sirvio aqui en Venezuela buen precio me gusta mucho lo rec

Buenas. Alguien pudiera decirme cuanto es el procesador de este equipo? y porque lo venden No Warranty?Gracias y espero me ayuden por favor....

Excelente equipo comprado a &#34;Techno.Trading.House&#34; funciona perfecto en Venezuela con Movistar y Movilnet 3G (1900 Mhz) bastante fluido el funcionamiento, la pantalla se ve bastante bien, la camara toma fotos bastante buenas. Lo recomiendo.Good product, buy to &#34;Techno.Trading.House&#34; works perfect in Venezuela with Movistar and Movilnet 3G (1900 Mhz). Works fast and smooth. Screen is very clear. Camera takes good photos. I recomend It.

Product is good, it came unlocked with a prepaid sim card. No problems, I live in Jamaica and it works fine on digicel's network

Buenas tardes no me enviaron la  factura comercial me podrian mandan una foto de la factura al siguiente correo: facturas@libertyexpress.com gracias

Buen telefono hasta los momentos funcionando a la perfecci&oacute;n con Movistar en venezuela, los recomiendo... LLego tal cual lo describen por aca con todos sus accesorios.

excelente servicioexcelente producto con todas mis expectativas no puedo pedir mas y el servicio demaciado bueno gracias muchas gracias cool

Muy decepcionada con el trato que me fue dado pOrque aparte de que el telefono no sirvio yo tuve que pagar las consecuencias y aparte me reembolsaron solo una parte del dinero.. No estoy conforme para nada

it's as described, i recommend this phone. i really like it, the seller is reliable 100%, also it is a high quality product.

Muy buen telefono hasta la presente fecha no he tenido problemas 100% recomendado no aprovechen la oportunidad de comprar este producto

The product arrived as requested with applying settings new in box sealed all ok 100% 10/10this is a great phone is affordable is fast, and is comfortable

Estoy muy contenta con la compra, el telefono completamente nuevo, me llego en el  tiempo requerido y ahora disfrutandolo,  encantada

pedi this phone to work with digitel and my surprise is when it comes to my country that the cell came into English only in passing only came with the logo and only movistar movistar up 3g back cover came as broken tricked me er not so I wanted the sellers have to tell the truth and be serious not to lie to one

Crap LOST MONEY TO BUY THIS PHONE. THE WARRANTY SHOULD LAST MORE THAN 30 DAYS. NOT BUY AGAIN. 30 DAY WARRANTY IS NOT GOOD

Its a great cellphone, it is not the last generation but it is all what i need, thanks you :

This phone is not real. Fake phone. It still works fine (well it has so far) but it is fakeeee

EXCELENTE PRODUCTO Y ENTREGADO EN EL TIEMPO ACORDADO POR LO TANTO RECOMIENDO AL VENDEDOR 100% COMO CONFIABLE MUCHAS GRACIAS MUY AMABLE

Bueno el producto esta bien empaquetado y viene con todos sus accesorios el equipo lleno mis expectativa en cuanto telefono

gracias  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .a al ajtyyjyj jy l

It's was my second bb bought from Amazon so GOOD device still in great shape.

no le suena los tonos de llamadas y tampoco se escuchan los videos. no tiene tarjeta de memoria. no trajo audifonos

El Equipo llego en perfectas condiciones y todos sus complementos , funciona para la operadora movistar perfectamente! desde Venezuela Zulia

I saw this phone and decided to buy it base on the reviews I saw.And indeed it has proven to work, it is everything I thought it would be.I love my new phone and am about to get another one. Its a great buy.

Las caracteristicas del producto indicaban 3G UMTS 2100/1900/850/800 MHz. Probe con mi linea Movilnet la cual trabaja en Venezuela 3G en la banda 1900 MHz, muestra red EDGE al parecer no trabaja con las bandas indicadas en la descripcion. No estoy satisfecho con el producto a pesar de me llego en perfectas condiciones.

just received the blackberry I worked for Venezuela as it was blocked by the operator.was in perfect condition, but if not unlocked it lost $ 196

Brand new, started in the tutorial, last 7.1 software, ultimate new functions, works perfectly in 3G 1,3,5,6 brands, better impossible!!

Muy buen celular quede conforme con la mercancia muchas gracia s lo tomare encuesta en otro momento espero ddifrutalo como es

Este producto no fue lo esperado y especificado en la pagina, el equipo esta bloqueado por lo cual no estoy conforme con la compra.This product was not expected and specified on the page, the computer is locked so I am not happy with the purchase.

We got this international unlocked (no warranty) version. The phone restarts automatically, and reaches a point where it restarts so often that there is now way you can stop it, unless you figure out how to enter into safe mode and then after removing all apps and keeping just the BBM, the restarting problem stopped. However it does throw an error (i think 102) every now and then.Otherwise i am a BB fan, but i heard many people have this restarting problem, but usually not when it's new...

el celular es de segunda mano, fue reconstruido y el sello de garant&iacute;a esta violentado, tiene muchos defectos. quede muy decepcionado de esta tienda tendr&eacute; mas cuidado a escoger la tienda a la cual har&eacute; mis compras...

I recommend this phone for a office manager or someone who is constantly checking E-Mail, it's also great for people who text a lot, the phone has a great design and it very stylish, the keyboard is great (one of the best I've used on a mobile phone), also all blackberry's have great e-mail services making it very easy to check, send and receive e-mails.

My cellular one in all the aspects was a marvellous purchase, nevertheless, I am very disappointed by the chamber of the equipment, since the chamber there is no way of which it focuses correctly when I try to take a photo closely to any object. I had before 8520 and the photos taken closely were working out simply perfect, on the other hand with 9320 it is a total disaster, the photos work out blurry. Lamentably I was late a lot of time in noticing from this problem to the supplier, for what the alone supplier said to me that the guarantee had expired. I do not know if it is a proble in all the 9320 or it was that mine villain came, but if it could move back the time, he was not buying cellular this one. I am from Venezuela and it worked very well with Movistar.--------------------Mi celular en todos los aspectos fue una estupenda compra, sin embargo, estoy muy decepcionado con la c&aacute;mara del equipo, pues la c&aacute;mara no hay manera de que enfoque correctamente cuando intento tomar una foto de cerca a cualquier objeto. Yo ten&iacute;a antes un 8520 y las fotos tomadas de cerca sal&iacute;an simplemente perfectas, en cambio con el 9320 es un total desastre, las fotos salen borrosas. Lamentablemente tard&eacute; mucho tiempo en advertir de este problema al proveedor, por lo que el proveedor solo me dijo que la garant&iacute;a hab&iacute;a expirado. Desconozco si es un proble en todos los 9320 o fue que el m&iacute;o vino malo, pero si pudiera retroceder el tiempo, no comprara este celular. Soy de Venezuela y funcion&oacute; muy bien con Movistar.

era un regalo para mi hijo  espectacular sus funciones muy bueno lo recomiendo, le encanto y le gusto gracias a ustedes

It's a good Item. but when I made the purchase, select a item that worked on 2100/1900/850/800 UMTS 3G bands, but the item You sent me does not work in these bands, whether in Europe that are 2100/1700/900.Should be more careful about it, because if you offer a item with certain characteristics, You should send is that, not another. Thanks

This is a good model by blackberry,very portable for ladies who likes small things,I have being using it for five month now is very durable and cute,it's picture guality is clear and fine and browses for very well too.i don't regret having it.Thanks

excelente, buen producto, de buena calidad, facil de manejar,con funciones avanzadas. muy responsable yrapido la tienda que lo ofrece, estoy muy feliz con mi telefono. gracias!

Love the Black Berry Cell phone, it is perfect for my needs. Do not need any thing more than what features this has

este Blackberry Curve 9320, me llego como lo esperaba, funciona muy bien y estoi encantado por el producto se lo recomiendo al 100% y son responsable, llego a la fecha estipulada

llego genial a mi pais (venezuela) tal cual como lo describe el vendedor y funciana excelente con movistar y movilnet!

El tel&eacute;fono llego en excelentes condiciones, totalmente nuevo, funciona perfectamente con DIGITEL que es la operadora que yo uso. Muy bueno

This product from this seller sucks! arrived used awful accesories that doesn't work for the phone! the charger was used and it doesn't macht the model of the phone wasn't the one they displayed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i hate it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WASTE OF MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!

I received the cell phone in good condition, i pleased with the product. it works well and in good condition. thanks!!!

I have no words to describe this excellent purchase. This guys do their work very well. I bought this phone for use it in Venezuela with Movilnet service and it's working fine. Very fast delivery and no trouble at all.

Im so upsed, The term quad-band describes a device that supports four frequency bands, and this phone only have 3 bands available, Im from Venezuela and it donsent work in 3g Movistar. I want my money back.

The Blackberry Curve 9320 is a phone that has it all, both the graphics connectivity as it has in an important tool for everyday life.

this is actually one of the better blackberry models.Easy to hold, smooth in your palm.Easy to set up.The only thing is that the chargers come with converters for the wall socket. But that's a minor.issue.

I love My celular phone because I use that forma all things, I use connection WiFi a lot, I reccomend this product to all amazon comunity

Initially I was hesitant over buying phone online since this was first time I was buying phone which they say is unlocked for my usage with existing AT&T; US account. But the item arrived with unlock code printed on it, which worked good enough. So I got it unlocked as they say it.Phone condition is also excellent. It looks just brand new. Works well.Trust these guys - Tailwind International, they are awesome, Also they reply to your questions well in good time.

El telefono es bueno.... le coloque mi SIM movilnet y funcion&oacute; al momento.... el env&iacute;o a mi casillero fue r&aacute;pido... considero que el vendedor cumple con lo ofertado, por lo cual lo recomiendo para proximas compras..!

Sorry for the pervious rating, I found the code and unlocked it successfully.I love this phone, highly recommended .

Very bad experience. One of the phones didn't work. It didn turn on. I need to return it. I brouht to Venezuela. As soon as a go back to LA Ill return it. Very dissapointed

I am always sceptical about buying &#34;unlock&#34; phones online but this one really is unlock. it works really well. Thank you!

excellent price value of the product, has flash camera and the like do not have, mp4 and mp3, is lightweight

Despite indicating that this unlocked, not this and had to pay 9 (nine) dollars extra to buy a unlock code.

I was very impressed that I ordered it and actually got it the next day. The video and sound quality is great and it is working perfectly. I don't have to charge it everyday either! Think I made a great choice!

este producto vino en excelentes condiciones totalmente original con todos sus accesorios, funciona a la perfeccion levanta 3g lo uso aqui en venezuela con movilnet muy bueno gracias

an excellent buy in a record time of shipping, 3g for all telephone operator, good cam and good internet speed

es un buen tel&eacute;fono me funciona bien aca en venezuela llego sin ningun contratiempo y con todos sus accesorios es muy bueno asi que puedo recomendarlo

Este Tel&eacute;fono es para un regalo y la persona que lo recibi&oacute; est&aacute; muy contenta, porque era lo que esperaba.

This was purchased to my mom to be used on Movistar (Vzla), so far she is very happy with her new BBs

I rate one star just because the phone contains no user manual in your box and turn on the phone had an email dated March 27. which infers that the phone was tampered with before. Contains labels screensaver or the battery cover bringing original products manufactured ..... Again I happened the same thing with another motorola Atrix 2 Stand seller was new and it turns out the phone is used ... unlike the blackberry 9320, was better but it is still used, not because amazon allows this kind of sellers who apparently do not give information STATE REAL PRODUCT. ASK AGAIN AMAZON HAVE A BETTER CONTROL WITH THESE SELLERS ....

Exelente producto (caracas - venezuela) llego a tiempo y en buenas condiciones  liberado todos los accesorios  buena tienda y buen servicio de envio  gracias

take this rating for the quality of the productblackberrys are widely used in Latin American countriesso I recommend this product to friends in Latin America in particular

Equipo completamente nuevo! Desbloqueado, no tuve problemas con el chip de Digitel. Se hizo el respaldo de todo el equipo anterior sin problemas. Totalmente recomendado!!!

My two stars are for the Blackberry itself.  However, I give five stars to Global Distributing for their outstanding customer service.  I recieved the phone quickly, but began having issues with the battery.  I would get a screen showing a battery with the red 'x' through it.  After emailing Global Distribuing, they sent me a replacement battery free of charge.  About three months later, I get the screen of death, again.  I had to contact the seller about three times, about this happening, and each time they sent me free replacement batteries.  Well, it has happened,again.  In addition to battery issues, there is also dust and lint collecting under the screen making it aggravating to view the phone.  Again, Global Distributing has been awesome, but Blackberry is NOT a good product.  I would order a different brand,

is not what I expected the truth, the team arrived in poor dirty, dusty state, without the plastic on the screen as if it were used I do not really seem to be selling something shoddy and Used hopefully not a team reconstructed because if they will write since no warranties and other equipment sold shoddy. very disappointed truth for purchase. not recommended at all. first time this happens to me with the purchase of a computer.

The product arrived as requested with applying settings new in box sealed all ok 100% 10/10this is a great phone is affordable is fast, and is comfortable!!!

Good phone for the price. The only thing upsetting is its not a QWEERTY keyboard -_-but the French AZERTY!!!

exelente equipo, es nuevo no es repotenciado, lo recomeindo, llego en perfecto, vendedor responzable, muy buena atencion, muchos Saludos a todos.....

I was searching for a phone of slightly better caliber after having two 8520's.  I chose the 9320 as I am a believer in reading reviews and saw it had a good track record.  I was not disappointed.  It keeps me organized and everything comes straight to my phone which is very convenient (and a bit annoying).  Takes really good quality pictures (thanks to the flash) and has a very user friendly layout.  I am definitely going to have to source a case as it is quite light weight as compared to a 8520 and is more prone to accidents.  I like the look and it really serves its purpose.  Good buy.  Comes with a 2GB memory card though so beware of that.  the head phones have good sound and it comes with the USB/charger, installation CD and instructions.

the phone is super good, its quality is awesome, its functions really good, I like it, recommend it to all who want this phone

Is a great phone, works great but with digitel in Venezuela it does not gets to 3g, but it has 2gb memorystick and it works perfectly.

I was overall very pleased with this phone. It has a few issues, but nothing I couldn't handle. 7/10This is a very basic review for Amazon. I have published a more detailed review on the ebay network at:[...]

Excellent phone, very thin, light and most importantly, completely original and 100% functional. I can recommend this seller and surely, I would buy.

El producto llego al tiempo convenido, bien embalado. fue el producto que yo quer&iacute;a y les felicito por la variedad de productos la especificaci&oacute;n y caricaturistas de los productos mas el seguimiento que le dan al producto comprado desde la tienda hasta elsitio especificado por el comprador.

good night, I am not satisfied with the phone and I get to Venezuela blocked and pedi is supposed to released, I can not make use of it, I need help please as fast as you can. thank you very much!

1. They say it's a new phone, but they send an old looking, opened phone. All accessories inside are opened.2. I gifted it to my sister in India-so I left the phone behind -I got back here to the US -and within a day she tells me it's not working! I can't return it -though it is one month of its purchase -nor can I use it!THIS IS SOO EMBARRASSING AND SOOO ANNOYING! I would never buy from them again!

Practical and simple for those who do not want to attract attention, this phone is excellent for those requiring PIN and handle very heavy files! I love!

So far so good. I like the processing speed. Speaker quality is superb. I've only had it a week and it's been great.

The phones arraived in perfect conditions and are worrking properly, the 3G works perfectly with Movistar and Movilnet, here in Venezuela, it's a very versatile phone.

Good phone but months later, it gets all this different glitches... trackpad gets stuck, aplicatinons get slow, you have to reset the phone everytime... not worth it. Just wait for a Z10 or something

hello ! only 1 phone works well! the other was a gift for my son, who wait almost two years for it.  The phone is  damaged ! restarts , fails, and I sent it to  fix 2 times !did not meet my expectations, thank you very much , I hope others do successful purchases ! and hopefully I can fix it so my son can enjoy

Muy bueno recomendado, tiene muchas aplicaciones y funciones de gran utilidad, viene desbloqueado como lo dicen, toma buenas fotos, saludos.

El Telefono Me Llego En Perfecta Condiciones Me Gusto Mucho Tal Cual Como Lo Describia El Vendedor Lo Recomiendo Con Los Ojos Cerrado Desde Venezuela-Lara-Carora

very good and amazing, recomended is very good thw phone is unloked in america latina, and all world the best

moderno,buena tecnologia, facil de uso, liviano, nuevo de paquete y conectividad inmediata cumple con todas las espectativas que el comprador tiene

EL CELUAR ESTA EN EXCELENTE CONDICIONES,LAS PIEZAS COMPLETAS  NO  TIENE NINUNA NOVEDAD, FINCIONO PARA LINEA MOVISTAR EN VENEZUELA, MUCHAS GRACIAS

producto en perfecto estado tal como lo describi&oacute; el vendedor. soy de venezula lo utilizo con digite y funcion de lo mejor

excelente vendedor el equipo esta nuevo esta liberado funciona para movistar 3g venezuela excelente volvere a comprar viene con todos sus accesorios

Simple to use, average perfomance and mid end smartphone for anyone who is expecting just a little above average I recomend and with limited budget.

Excellent purchase. Delivery was fast and without trouble!This product arrived in excellent conditions. Some software default settings that do not allow get better perfomance with my local carrier.The rest that's okThanks.

Blackberry so far is working very well. It did appear to be new as advertised. Biggest problem with the product was that it came with a UK power adaptor rather than a US. I dont believe this was specified in the product description, but considering the retailers dont ship outside of the us, the power cord provided to charge the phone is effectively useless without also then purchasing a converter. But otherwise, phone is working good!

No recomiendo comprar a este vendedor. Luego de dos meses lleg&oacute; el tel&eacute;fono a Venezuela, por los acostumbrados retrasos de los Courier, luego de tanta espera nos encontramos con que el tel&eacute;fono no levanta se&ntilde;al. Cuando le escrib&iacute; al vendedor, s&oacute;lo me envi&oacute; un m autom&aacute;tico diciendo que el tiempo de devoluci&oacute;n hab&iacute;a expirados. NO COMPREN A ESTE VENDEDOR.

exelente todo en orden muy responsable me encanto el buen estado del telefono espero q pronto tengamos otra compra mutuamente

muy buen producto telefono en perfecto estado gracias al vendedor por la atencion prestada recomendable 100% compren con confianza saludos

es bueno el producto me siento complacida cumplieron mi espectativa el envio fue en el tiempo provisto y dentro de poco seguire comprando

excelente todo perfecto me encanto el articulo pedido llego al momento indicado estoy muy conforme con lo pedido gracias por ser tan responsables

Recomendado, todo en perfectas condiciones. Recomendado 100%. Operativo en 3G con movistar y Movilnet en Venezuela, perfecto estado. . .

excellent , the phones came as the especification, completaly new, with all its accesories, I recommend 100 % this seller. right!

I received the product on time, everything was in perfect condition. The watch was a present for my son and he was delighted with the gift.

The phone arrived intact, sealed with all accessories. No Memory card though. Its working well with the airtel network here in Zambia. I ordered another one for my wife from BREED. I hope they remain consistent. This product is amazon fulfilled so amazon is involved in the delivery process... The phone arrived on time. I'm really enjoying it so far. I will update if need be.It streams seamlessly from youtube. Browser not very different from previous curves... still quite slow. Am looking for a 3rd party browser to use instead. No major complaints otherwise. It looks good and feels good. For the price, Its a really good deal.

Venezuela (Puerto Ordaz) BB 9320 Curve Unlocket : Excelente, funciona muy bien con mi l&iacute;nea Movilnet GSM, activaci&oacute;n r&aacute;pida y sin complicaciones, lo recomiendo ( No hay ca&iacute;da ).

100 % recomendado,  todo en perfectas conodiciones y cumpliendo al pie de la letra la publicacion. muchas gracias, sigan asi

I ordered 3 of these phones for my aunt in Trinidad and when they arrived early I was happy. Everything was packaged and sealed neatly and nothing looked like it was missing. However, when I went to put the battery in one of the phones, it was half the size of the actual battery compartment of the phone. Upon looking at the other two phones, it turns out that non of them had the right battery!!!! When I called I was told they can't replace the battery and I had to either send it back or keep it. I sent that back and got ALL of my money returned!

The delivery of the phone was on time, in perfect conditionthe camera is great, the sharpness of the videos is wonderfulGood price, works with 3G  Vzla

the quipo this good only to buy it because he said I was handed desbloquedo locked and therefore I have to pay extra for it to be unlocked

wrong bands

Goodnight;First coordial receive greetings, the computer does not meet all my expectations deceadasI get locked himself and the company never gave me any answers to unlock.Therefore have a rating of dislike you for no breveda possible to solve this problem.I had to go to a place where I will unlock the computer, and you never gave me a favorable solution.attentively

trajo una pila que no le correspondia
