
Sooooo I thought that switching to Virgin Mobile would save some money and I opted to purchase an HTC Evo V 4g; it seemed to be a good balance of performance and value. Boy was I wrong. Virgin's coverage in Kentucky is horrible (compared to AT&T; which is the only other carrier I have used in 10 years).Batterly life poor: the battery will only hold up for about 2.5-3 hours (and that's stretching it). Not three hours of VIDEO, just three hours of intermittent phone usage, emailing, etc. So, if you don't plan on have a 120V outlet surgically implanted on your body, don't buy this phone.Application responsiveness: the overall application performance stinks. Apps are sluggish and it's really annoying.Touch keyboard: I never had a problem texting from my iPhone.... the stock android touch keyboard is poorly laid-out and extremely difficult to type with. You can get a psuedo-iphone keyboard app, but it's $4+. UghTo top it all off, my phone has gotten into the habit of not taking a charge after the battery has completely discharged. Stay away from HTC!

I've had this phone for 2 months now, and can't find anything to complain about. The screen is big & beautiful, the performance is great, touch screen very responsive, and the battery life very good for an Android.After reading a few reviews, I decided to do a PRL update right out of the box. The call quality has been great, and I've not once encountered the 'radio interface resource shortage' error that others have complained about while texting. The 4G is fast, the GPS is wonderful, and again, for those who say the battery life is bad, I've been able to go 2 days before recharging. Of course, I don't live on my phone, because I do have a life. :) Don't leave all services enabled, (such as 4G and WIFI) when not in use, and you'll be fine.The only annoying thing I've found is that the weather app sometimes gets stuck on a location I've long since moved away from, and it takes it a while to "find" me again. No big deal, because I have these amazing things called eyes, and they are able to detect the current weather conditions where I am!Pros: Battery life, speed, call qualityCons: I've really found nothing to complain about.

The phone only rings about 1 in 10 calls.  Virgin mobile support people open tickets and close the tickets without resolving the problem.  Last week Virgin mobile sent me a replacement phone, spent 40 minutes with them, 3 support people and not able to activate the phone because "the serial number is not in their system".They asked me to return the replacement phone and send me the 2nd replacement phone, it can't be activated neither after spending an hour with 5 support & supervisor.  Supervisor Dan with no last name are not willing to do anything more, not even returning the phone.  I will not use Virgin mobile ever.

Love the phone. my 1st smart one. still learning all the bells and whistles. need to charge daily like everything else. it is larger  and heavier but easier to read. i recommend it. the case from otterbein didnt fit. make sure you get one with the openings on the back too for the camera. got a great case from the 5 below store for $5 to wear.

I upgraded from the HTC ONE V, which is newer, but lacks in the hardware department. My ONE V was easily strained by even light multitasking, and would often lock up on me. Thanks to the dual-core CPU and 1GB of RAM on the EVO, I don't have to worry. The EVO is better in every way over the ONE V, except for the screen. The EVO has basically the exact same pixel density (4 more ppi), but the color is just not as vibrant. Looking at the EVO, the colors are satisfactory, but then when compared side-by-side with the One V, it is a huge disappointment.Despite the screen, I am more than satisfied with my EVO V 4G, and love the gimmicky 3D feature. For the 3D, I was pleasantly surprised to discover that normal 3D videos (like a ripped 3D DVD) will play on the phone with no problem. I had thought that it might only support videos recorded on the device itself. I watched The Amazing Spider-man in 3D on the phone, and the 3D effect was just as good as that of an $800 Vizio 3D TV, though with a MUCH narrower viewing angle.Love this phone, and apart from the Galaxy S3, it is the best phone you could get for Virgin Mobile (Galaxy S2 would be a close second, but is ruined by the pathetic pixel density).

Without being too long winded, check out the reviews for this phone regarding dropped service.  I live in Los Angeles where there is basically full coverage...my Evo V would only have service ~20% of the time.  This leads to missed calls, delayed sending/receiving texts and email, not being able to call out, loss of internet, etc.  I had 3 replacements, and they all had the same issue.  This phone forced me to go with AT&T because I didn't have a reliable phone - sure I'm paying more, but what's the point of a phone that only has service 20% of the time?  To add, the issue wasn't going to an area with no service...I could be standing in one place and have perfect service, then all of a sudden it dropped to nothing, then a few minutes later, I'd get full service again.  Do yourself a favor and pass on this phone and virgin mobile.

This phone has a lot of potential but the software is buggy, sometimes it will take hours for texts to send or receive.  Sometimes someone will call me but my phone will never ring despite having a perfect signal.  I'd hold off on buying this phone until the bugs are worked out.

If people are saying that this phone sucks what they really mean is the vm service sucks!!.iv had four or five phones from vm and they all had the same problems! The only reason i still have vm is because of its price...to me its still worth the price we pay compared to Verizon! It is not the phone its the service people!!

Do not listen to these (lengthy) laudatory reviews. Virgin Mobile cell service is horrible.(Three times I have completely lost service and had to call VM to "RESET" the phone). Coverage is horrible. Customer service is ROBOTIC.

I love this phone.  It is amazing!  It does everything I need.  I chose it because it offers GPS and a Mobile Hotspot.  What I love about Virgin Mobile is that they offer 300 voice minutes and unlimited text and data for only $35 a month.  As far as I know, this is the most affordable mobile plan available that also offers the latest and greatest phones.

Wow, it's been an interesting year to be a Virgin Mobile customer. I've been on this carrier for years and years, and mainly have had to put up with third-rate (or some would say, fourth-rate) devices. That, I figured, is the price you pay for... well, price. VM was a fraction the cost of any other carrier and all I did with the phone was make calls.Earlier this year however, VM launched their Beyond Talk program and while more expensive than their old (now branded 'Pay-Lo') service it was still a darn good deal. And furthermore, they had some phones that were actually pretty darn decent. I sprung for it and got an Optimus V, and interestingly started using my phone for things other than making calls. I now can't really live without it, which I guess is a word of warning for those that don't want to be tethered to an expensive chunk of circuitry, but it's just too handy not to have now. With a modern Android smartphone you can do pretty much anything you would do on a small laptop- plus make calls and texts without wi-fi. I guess the peak of the madness was when I set up my phone console to deploy my company's website. That was more just to see if it was possible, but it shows just some of the things you can do with one of these guys. It's also replaced my portable GPS, alarm clock, notepad, and serves as a wifi hotspot when necessary.Now, VM has really started to outdo themselves with their device lineup. These are pretty darn new- the EVO V 4G is essentially the Sprint EVO 3D which was released in 2011. It's not the latest, greatest smartphone out there but it's pretty darn close to it. At the current price with no contract, it's a darn good device. If you're not willing to drop upwards of 500 bucks for an iPhone, this is definitely the next closest thing in the current VM lineup. Here's a brief rundown of the device:The EVO V 4G is physically a bit larger and bulkier than an iPhone, but not hugely so. It has a rubberized back panel and two 5 MP cameras for taking 3D pictures. It has a dedicated camera button and 3D slider, volume buttons, and a power button. Everything else is handled via the touchscreen, which has 4 dedicated function touch keys and a gorgeous 4.5" screen. Overall the device is a tad on the heavy and large side, but about what you would expect from something with its power.The device is powered by a 1.2 ghz dual core Qualcomm Snapdragon system-on-chip setup, with 1 GB of RAM. It comes with about 1 GB of internal user-available memory and a 8 GB microSD card. These are pretty generous specs by any measure, and it shows- the device is able to run pretty much any app smoothly, even the more graphically intensive games. It comes with Android 4.0 (ICS) and is very responsive in pretty much all situations. Additionally, it comes with practically every hardware feature- bluetooth, wifi, 4G antenna, GPS, accelerometer, light sensor.Note I said 'pretty much' all. One beef I had with this device is that its camera shutter speed is really slow- a LOT slower than the iPhone and most other Android phones I've used. It seems marginally faster if you don't use the physical camera button, but is still bad enough that you'll likely get a lot of motion blur just from having your picture subjects moving while taking shots. And it doesn't take a lot of movement- or very rapid movement- to do this, either. Turning off autofocus and face detection seems to help a bit as well, but the bottom line is it's hard to get good photos with the camera(s). The good news is once you do, it tends to be really sharp and clear. The 3D photos are kind of a gimmick since they're only really good for display on the device itself, but a cool touch nonetheless.Call quality and reception are both good- as clear as any other phone I've used. Generally speaking the wireless functionality just works without your input, though sometimes I've noticed the device fails to pick up wifi when coming into range of a network it 'knows.' The big downside of the EVO V 4G's wireless ability is the 4G part- Sprint's coverage is none too spectacular for this, and more often than not the strength is so low that it keeps dropping off (and I live in the middle of Silicon Valley, CA). If you're out in the boonies, forget it- it's just not going to work. The worst part is if you have 4G on, it totally burns your battery trying to search for 4G all the time. In fact for a while I thought the battery was defective until I read about this on some Android forum.That said, with 4G off it performs pretty decently anyway. Don't expect to stream HD video and you'll be fine- most browsing and web related apps have no problem at this speed. With VM's quasi-unlimited data plans, you can pretty much go to town with these features, which is great. Battery life is about average for an Android phone- usually I charge it every day and am fine.There does seem to be some sort of glitch with SMS on this device, where sometimes it'll fail to send messages with a meaningless error message about 'radio interface resource shortage.' I found that updating the PRL seemed to reduce the frequency of this, but once in a while I still do get it. No doubt, this is just one of those bugs from migrating the device from Sprint.Overall however, this is an amazing device that's a great deal by any measure. In some respects it's a better device than the iPhone given its expandable memory, options for user customization, high-powered CPU, and of course way way lower cost. On a note though- although the screen itself is pretty tough, I found out the hard way that the seal on it is anything but. If you even get a bit of moisture on it, there's a very good chance it can seep down beneath the screen (between the LCD and backlight) and get stuck in there. Do NOT- repeat, do NOT put on those wet-application invisible shield protectors on this device! Quite frankly, the screen is tough enough that it's probably unnecessary anyway, and it's just too risky to try even if you've got the insurance.Pro:Beautiful screen, solid build.Darn cheap for what you get.Expandable memory.Very powerful and responsive in general.Even at $35 a month now instead of $25, VM's service is still a steal.Has pretty much every feature you can think of, and some you probably didn't.Cons:No more free mobile hotspot, costs $15 a month or requires rooting (which pretty much voids your warranty and any support).Micro-SD slot is behind the battery, which necessitates removal of the rear panel. Not exactly easy to swap out.Camera shutter speed is mediocre, which can lead to serious motion blur issues.4G coverage by Sprint is bad, which means in most cases you'll have to leave 4G off or risk killing your battery.

If the Samsung galaxy s3 and iPhone weren't available on prepaid I'd of bumped the review up some. The HTC Evo v is the same phone as the HTC Evo 3d on sprint. Virgin mobile and sprint are the same company on same crappy network.HTC make a great phone however the Evo series on Sprint kind of suck donkey balls. Sprint like HTC to build them cheap cheap cheap. The camera on the HTC Evo v takes blurry photos.The 3d camera sucks and looks terrible and hurts the eyes. The second camera lens gets in the way of your finger while holding the phone. The dual core feels more like a single core processor and is slower than a turtle. Even the Samsung galaxy s2 blows this phone away in speed.  The back cover of the phone gets slightly loose over time when removing it and putting it back on. The speaker is tiny on back hard to hear and makes cracking noises. Piece of chitI would take this phone over let's say an HTC one v or anything below that on virgin mobile. The phone will get the job done, but it's no speed demon. It has connection problems all the time, and texting errors because sprints service is overloaded with to many people. Sprint need to update it's service with more towers and get off that 3g bull crap they have in to many areas still.Virgin mobile and sprint have terrible customer service. You talk to someone from a 3rd world country that can't speak english very well. I even heard a tv on in background and kids crying, customer service must work out out there home. They won't help you either and they are very rude and have a bad habit of hanging up on you for pretty much no reason, they don't want to help because they can't help.  They are put there to give the illusion they have customer support with that 1-800 number.If you want a good prepaid phone and plan get straight talk and spend a little more coin and get you a Samsung galaxy S3 or an iPhone. You'll be much happier and better off in the long run than dealing with these ass clowns over at virgin mobile with there wimpy, genetic, crappy photo taking phone. Data errors while texting and data service that's slow as hell, that's when you get a signal which is rare. Many places the service doesn't get a data signal. Phone won't work indoors either.Pass on this phone and service, I gave it two stars because the screen is pretty decent, outdated and low pixel rate, but decent.

Have not had a single problem with this phone. It is quick, takes good pictures, and has a good amount have space on it. Unlike my last phone, I can move a lot more programs to the SD card. The battery life on this phone isn't terrible, but it's not amazing either. I would highly recomend this phone

I have had this HTC for about six months. It is really a sophisticated handset. With dual core and 4G service it is really a web device. 4.3 inch screen, downloading to the SD card, mobile hot spot capability. For $190 it was a bargain. After buying this phone, HTC came out with 2 updates which I downloaded. These 2 updates completely solved all of the various operational complaints that have been so widespread.

Just got my phone and I have to say this phone is well worth its price. Very easy to use, amazing screen resolution and everything works amazingly.

VM support is incompetent.First, the SN was not recognized in there system - took a week.e to resolve that.  Biught it online from VM.Then I got error code 67? another weekNow eorror cose 128 and still not resolved.Probably 15 hours on the phone with suport so far - ridiculous.

So I was reading over the reviews and I was kind of nervous. really picky seller. But hey! I took the risk , and this phone is wonderful! What are peopele thinking its the best!

Based on the reviews, I'm keeping my fingers crossed. But I have had no problems thus far. I'm located in the NYC area and get a very good 4G signal throughout most of Brooklyn and Queens. When I go to Nassau County (Long Island), it switches to 3G.I bought a MHL adapter for this phone and can watch Netflix movies on my HDTV.This phone is fast if you have good 4G coverage where you live. Check out Sprint's data coverage map before you buy this phone. Phone calls/texts have gone through without a problem. Reception is very good. I like HTC's style. Very easy phone to operate, intuitively speaking.If you are in the NYC area, I highly recommend this phone. Still, I would like to get the update just in case I get the radio interference error in the future. I've had the phone for a week now.

Update 05/18/2013: I finally decided to dump this phone.  It was at the point where I could not go anywhere without the cord.  The phone also could not be held when making calls because it would get so hot (and it was not from the battery but the antenna area).  Service reception continued to be poor even in urban areas and call quality was poor for people on the receiving end.  I left some voicemails that were apparently too distorted to even understand.  Calls were dropped and sometimes callers would get sent directly to a message that I was unavailable without the option of voicemail.  Camera quality continued to be sub-par even after cleaning the lens and case.  I disabled GPS during the last month to conserve power which added a couple hours each day.  I replaced the phone with theLG Optimus L9 P769, 4G (T-Mobile), which so far has clearer call quality, better speakerphone, improved on-screen keyboard with more space between keys, blazing fast 4G where I used to have 1X, and is about half as heavy.I got mine in November 2012, and it was ok at first. Then it stopped receiving 3G data, even when I was within areas where my previous VM LG phone did. It's nearly impossible to do anything data-related on the go (thankfully, so many places I go have WiFi now).  It also had the dreaded text message error until sometime in January when it got an OTA update. When I'm with my wife who has T-Mobile, I usually have to use her phone for practically everything other than calls if we're not on a WiFi network.  I've never really been exactly content with the service from either provider, but my older VM phone used to at least be on par with T-Mobile.The phone gets very hot when making calls, so much that I use Bluetooth or speaker whenever possible, and the battery has a knack for running down within 30 minutes of being unplugged if it feels like it.Camera quality is totally unacceptable with blurry, hazy shots in all but the brightest light, and even then the colors are washed out. 4G speeds are great, but half the time the phone struggles to get a signal even when in metro areas with excellent 4G coverage.The GPS antenna has to be some kind of joke.  It takes forever to pinpoint your location, and loses it as soon as you turn off the screen.  Really a problem when trying to use Navigation, or just plain find your location on Google Maps.  Practically useless.I did get a very nice OtterBox for it to keep it safe, which is probably the best thing about the phone that's not really even part of the phone.I cannot recommend this phone to anyone. There's a reason the price has decreased by more than 60% recently. Look elsewhere, and don't be fooled into thinking this thing is a "good deal" like I did.  I'd call Virgin Mobile's (overseas) customer service to try and get a replacement, but I'm not sure an hour of stress, torture, and repeating myself to three different operators is worth the $150 I paid.  I can at least make calls with it most of the time, so for now I'll continue to use it, but it's one sorry excuse for a smart phone.

this is a great phone, I have been very happy with it so far this is my 3rd Samsung phone

This phone is very reliable and has a very very good weight to itThe screen and button's are extremely responsiveI've had it for almost a year now and my biggest problem is that it has a short battery life if you're running big apps (which, honestly, is what's to be expected if you have a smartphone), but has a pretty reliable battery overall. After a full year it still lasts as long as it did when I first got it.I would absolutely recommend it to anyone who lives and works around a place where virgin mobile's service comes through clear, because they are very cheap and a very good service, but only if you're in an area with good service. (That's the reason for the loss of a star)HOWEVER, with a provider like verizon I would give it 5 stars, no question

Great phone for the money, I just wish the signal radio was better. I deal with the text and phone outages, for they are not that numerous and can be remedied by accessing you settings and performing maybe an updated or two. (A reset of sorts) Nothing is perfect. It has smooth operation. It's the best phone I have ever had. (that might not be saying much my last phone was BB Curve 8320) BB was the first phone I recieved email on.

I just bought a brand new HTC Evo V from Virgin Mobile.  The phone itself is great and I have no complaints.  The problem is with the phone account.  I just opened the phone today, in brand new packaging.  For some reason, the serial number tied to this phone is already in use.  The serial number matches the sticker, phone software, and printed information behind the battery.  So I know it is the correct serial number.  They even verified the serial number matches my order.  But this serial number is already activated on another account.  Somebody fudged up somewhere.  When calling customer support, nobody seems to know what is going on, and so they keep transferring me to different departments and putting me on hold.  I was on hold for an hour and a half before finally hanging up.I cannot create an account without a valid phone, and therefore I can't sign into their website to contact customer support via an email and I can't leave feedback there about this phone.  They stated that they cannot do anything because I cannot verify I am the owner of the account and policy will not allow them to work on the phone with anyone but the original owner.Until further notice, I am stuck with a working out-of-area number tied to someone else's account.  I am unable to purchase minutes or activate the account under my own name.  The good news is that I do not have to pay for use of this phone as it is a working number.  The bad news is that the number is from the other side of the country and if it is shut off for any reason I am left with a brick.  Hopefully I can get this resolved, but I do not know who to talk to about it, as nobody knows what is going on.UPDATE: After finagling with customer service for a while I was able to get the six-digit password tied to that phone and was able to log in and change the account information, password, and phone number.  It wasn't originally my account but now I am able to log in and manage it.  Looks like things are OK now.

This being my first smart phone I did not know what to really expect.  Overall I like the phone but have found that the battery is just not up to par.  4 hours at max. This is not acceptable.  Bought an exterior battery and now can make it through the day.  Not that I have alot of apps going either I have shut down everything that is not essential. Only letting them run when using them. Virgin Mobile Price packages ROCK!!

Just to start off, there is a frequent sms error report HOWEVER the message is still sent every single time. It happens on wifi and in low signal areas only (for me.) Kind of annoying in those instances but not worth returning the phone to virgin mobile.I'm upgrading from the LG optimus V which was the top of the line at the time I got it but now feels like an old clunker compared to this phone. Better screen, bigger screen, faster processing and android 4.0 to do a lot more things than 2.2.The 3D doesn't mean anything to me but it seems to work well. Just a throw away feature to me. The videos captured in 2D are decent but the pictures are WAY better. LED flash means better night photos where the video at night or in a darker room just looks blah.4G isn't in my area so I can't comment on that, i got the phone because it was on sale and had a bigger screen and faster processor, not because of 4G or 3D, those are just gimmick features to me.One annoying thing is the position of the speaker on the back of the phone as well. So if you lay it down and want to listen to a song on it through speaker, it gets muffled a lot. Also the placement of the camera lenses makes me feel like I'm going to scratch them but the material in front seems pretty sold so far.Last comment is on battery. The big, bright screen and many news and weather apps seem to drain this phone faster than my last one but for my small use it hasn't been a problem. I can go a whole day without charging it and no problems unless I'm using maps or streaming a lot of music, which I don't do. If you are a heavy phone user and do more than just read on it like me then you'd probably want a larger capacity battery.

phone crashes. freezes ..wont stayed charged more than a hour!! Horrible phone.Dont buy this phone its not worth 120.00 i wouldnt give it to anyone cause i dont want them to suffer.

This phone has replaced my LG Optimus, which was much slower but I was ok with that. It is a little heavy but it works great. The battery life has been about what I expected. My square one reader works flawlessly with it, which is important. My last phone the card readers rarely worked. I had 2 Optimuses and there must be a problem with their jacks because the device was always problematic.So fa4r, this phone has been really easy to use and the reception has been great. I do not use a ton of apps or surf much on it as I have an Ipad for that. It is easy to text on and does a fine job. I am sure that there are better phones but for the price and for what I need this phone is great.

I purchased this phone in hope to replaced my slow and outdated Virgin Mobile Samsung Intercept. I also own an iPhone 4 from work, thus I will include the iPhone 4 into comparison also. I love the phone, and the reason it loses 2 stars is due to carrier. Since this phone is Virgin Mobile only, I believe this 2 stars deduction is justified. Data speed do not include wifi connection experience.Price: I purchased this phone when it's at $230 brand new, which is a VERY GOOD price for a phone with its spec. (Until $150 during Cyber Monday sales and the release of Nexus 4)Battery life: a full charge can last me through a whole day of use (12 hours). I don't make call or sms as much, however, I do use the phone constantly for facebook, google reader or research (gas prices, nearby food, shopping research etc.) Considering the screen is larger than my iPhone 4, the battery life is longer (my iPhone 4 battery drains to 10% in 8 hours with similar usage, Samsung Intercept dies around 4.5 hours).Camera: The camera is not sharp. The image is constantly either too dark or too bright in one area, you will have to adjust carefully yourself, thus not so much of a point-n-shoot camera. The low light performance is not great, and much easier to have shaken image than iPhone 4. The 3D camera is cool, but somewhat useless as you can't share the 3D photo to others. Overall, it's ok in area with abundant lights. The most annoying part - you cannot set the camera sound to silent unless you want to go through the trouble of setting the sound OGG file to silent manually in Android files.Screen: it's HUGE and bright! (Comparing to the general iPhone and regular smartphones) Screen is relatively sharp, it may not be retina display, but it is up there. Web browsing or Facebooking is quite comfortable on it. I have no issue using the phone under the sun or indoor (in contrary to Samsung Intercept).Performance: I can play most of the Android games smoothly (i.e. Angry Bird, Where's my water, etc.) I have yet to have a chance to try out 3D games. All the app runs quite smoothly, including web browsing, facebook, etc. The issue with phone crashes when making/ receiving calls in Intercept is a no issue here. I can listen to music or play Divx videos with no hiccup.4G: it might be a good thing for people in the WiMax coverage area. My area do not have this privilege so I can't test it. One thing I do know is that with 4G on, the battery drains REALLY fast (-25% in an hour) and the phone gets burning hot.Data Speed (*NOT THE PHONE ISSUE*): Since this phone has a medium-high hardware spec, I am more certain now that Virgin Mobile has obsolete data speed comparing to other no contract phones such as Straight Talk which offers true 3G. With SpeedTest App, I get 0.3 mbps or NO SPEED in sub urban area (Greensboro, NC), while my StraightTalk on iPhone 4 gets 3~5 mbps constantly. The slow speed definitely affect the experience when web browsing or facebooking.If you are an avid Virgin Mobile and Android user, I will definitely recommend this phone. If you only need a fast smartphone for texting or calling, then this is the phone for you. Otherwise, if data speed is a main concern, I would not recommend Virgin Mobile AT ALL. This is a GREAT smartphone for its price range, however, you can only use Virgin Mobile thus making this phone somewhat useless.

I love my HTC EVO V 4G Prepaid Android Phone.  My daughter has one and I liked the features and how the phone worked for her, so that's why I bought one.  I'm glad I did.

I had this phone since the middle of February and I just love it. The phone's camera can take 3d photos and clear pictures but I don't really use the camera very much. The mobile network is very good, even if you have 1 bar of coverage. I have been a virgin mobile customer since I have gotten my first phone back in 7th grade over 4 years ago. If you have a local Wal-Mart in your area, check them out because I got my phone for only $150 instead of the website which doesn't have it anymore.

I have been using Virgin for quite a few years now and this is a really solid phone.  It doesn't restart or freeze like the past few models I've had.  The 4G is pretty good.  It's fast when it's connected, it just seems to take awhile to connect and disconnect. The 3D is useless in my opinion and I would rather have it be thinner and cheaper.  But, it's still a really great price even with it. I'll have this one for quite a while, until a clear alternative comes along.  Also, with a 32gb microSD card I can store a lot on it.

The phone is in bad order. The ring does not pull and some letters does not work when you type. Scratches all around and does not use a sim card. It is actually an overused phone that should be thrown away.

had so many phones and different carriers but nothing like this prepaid phone service is also great battery on this phone less longer only charged once a day very satisfied with this phone and all the perks......

If you're looking for reviews on this phone and haven't found many, do a search for the Sprint Evo 3D - this is exactly the same device, just with a different brand name on the back. This phone is the absolute best prepaid phone I've ever owned. You don't feel like you've "settled" walking around with this thing.Pros:- Solid construction, it just feels well-made- Newer (4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich) Android OS- HTC is very hacker-friendly, easy to root and customize- HTC's Sense UI is actually quite nice- Call quality is good, audio is clear on built-in speaker- Speakerphone is good and loud- Cases for the Sprint Evo 3D fit perfectly, so lots of choices- Screen is big (but not huge), bright and colorfulCons:- Average battery life (around 6-8 hours depending on use)- Battery cover is a little loose in spots- 3D Camera is a useless gimmick, the camera enclosure is HUGE, and easily scratched- Low-level hiss over headphones when listening to quiet music- Can get heavy after a while, not good for small pocketsOverall I just love this phone. I came from an iPhone 4S, so I wasn't sure if I could do the big-screen Android thing. The Evo V has proven me wrong. It has its quirks, for sure, but the day-to-day experience with it has been fantastic. It feels like a high-end phone for a mid-range budget price. Shop around - I've seen it as low as $130 at some stores. Well worth the money, IMO.

This is a very nice phone and has worked beyond my expectations! I have not had any issues with it at all. Virgin Mobile beats AT&T hands down and I saved over 90.00 a month by switching to Virgin Mobile.

Well its just like everyone has been saying, the battery life is terrible and it cannot last more than 8 hours unplugged...I have many times so far been left stranded with no battery life, I might as well have a charger at my workplace.Furthermore, as I have had this phone now for 3 months now, the screen at the top does not function, AT ALL!  I can touch it over and over again and it cannot even register a touch and therefor many things that have sign in screens at the top, I am unable to access b/c the screen is terrible.I had the connection issues for at least the first month and fixed them mostly but it comes back every so often and it does not automatically connect to wi-fi, even though it says it does, I often open it up and there is no wi-fi connection running and I have to reboot the wi-fi connector.DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP!

For prepaid with 4G it's a pretty good phone and fast and it's worth the money. For anyone who is looking a 4G phone without the contract, I would recommend this one.

hi there everyone this phone is great even if is a bit old but it does better job than the new phones coming out but I recommen to buy this phone brand new not used cause I got me. used one it work for a couple of months than it didn't work than I had to buy a new one & till now I still have it no scratches nothing I have a screen protector & outterbox two so yea get it new :D

I replaced an HTC EVO 4g with this device. Most of the features are the same except for the improved operating system and a 3d camera.I am not a big phone call user so the Virgin Mobile limited call plan with unlimited data is ideal.Call and data usage quality exceed the EVO 4g  Display and memory are excellent. The smaller icons and font size took getting used to but found a number of programs on Google Market that eliminated these concerns.

Don't believe negative reviews as half of them are speaking about nonsense that is not about the current phone.This phone was released in may of 2012, not in 2011.Aside from the iphone 5 this is 2nd best and newest phone virgin mobile currently has, and there plans are way too affordable to turn down, even grandma can get a smartphone.I love this phone, It's my first smart phone and I love everything it has to offer.I can take screenshots from the phone itself. [a feature most users have to root there phone for]It also takesCrisp sharp hd/3d pictures and videos. [It also has a front facing camera]*In the past two weeks I have experienced no lag at all with this phone. That includes while I'm texting and browsing, With various applications running in the background.Google play offers hundreds of great apps for free, unlike my IPAD and the apple store...More specifically I noticed when searching for educational and children's apps, such as "autism apps" google play offers a very large number of apps compared to that of the apple store..[tested and verified]I have not tested the speed of the 3G or 4G network, But as far as signal strength go's. When using 3G I have 5 bars full service coverage where I live in California.IF by any chance 4G is not available and the towers have technical trouble, The service will automatically revert to 3G Service.Aside from the 3G/4G service, This phone has wifi, Which means you can use your internet on wifi instead of the network provider, which makes this phone handy even if it wasn't activated.Another Perk is that the phone can be used as a "WIfI hotspot" [another thing users used to have to root there phones for]I contacted virgin for help with activating, troubleshooting, etc.. and each time I contacted them they spoke great English, answered my calls quickly and was very polite..taking care of any issue's I may have had at that time.The quality of this phone is very strong and feels just right in the palm of my hands, It does not feel cheap or breakable.. The screen size is very generous and makes for great movie/tv viewing on your mobile phone.Androids OS which currently for HTC Evo V is Android 4.0.3, Runs flawlesslySo to all you haters... don't say this phone is cheap, or has horrible service or anything....it runs off of sprints network.lets not forget sprint has various towers if not too many in the united states and has been around for decades..its a reputable company that owns virgin mobile and always great phones without the handcuffs.so if your not satisfied with virgin mobile, your htc evo-v [newest evo out as of 9/27/12] than go pay 75 a month for a contract phone..I've had them all, T-Mobile back in the day with "fav 5" and metropcs, verizon...and none left me satisfied such as virgin mobile and my lovely nice thin hd htc evo v!

I have never been happier with a phone before, and I used to be an iPhone user. For the price, I was expecting a moderately good but cheaply-made phone with a fun gimmick. That is certainly not what I got. This phone feels rock solid, has a nice glass screen that seems pretty bulletproof, the only plastic part is the back (and, of course, the casings on the battery and SD card, but that goes without saying). My first comment upon receiving it was that it felt like it was made for military use.It's a rather large phone, so I don't recommend it for small pockets - make sure you have something else to carry it in if you don't have much room there. This isn't necessarily a bad thing - I love having the large screen. Still, it's something to bear in mind.The 3D photo feature is just fun. It works very well and allows you to store your memorable moments in a whole new way. Or your not so memorable moments. Really anything you feel like taking a photo of. Unfortunately, since most phones and computers don't have the capability to display these photos, you'll have to convert them to 2D to be able to view them off your phone - but no worries, it can do that too.I did experience some network glitches shortly after activation, but they seem to have gone away.Also would like to add that apparently Virgin Mobile HAS added 4G service since the product description was written - I turned on the 4G antenna just to see what would happen, and sure enough it connected and works great.

This phone is great but the signal sucks for virgin mobile! The phone is a must buy, but make sure you get a different company with better service!!!!

I did not notice all the Radio Interface Resource Shortage problems with this phone and right after I activated it, it started with that message and the texts won't go through or come in. I found a fix by either restarting the phone (sometimes that did not help) or updating the PRL like Virgin Mobile told me and that would help for a while then it would start acting up again. After 3 days of this crap I sent it back. My friend had a EVO from Sprint about a year ago and it had the same problem so she sent it back. It is a nice phone but this problem that has been around for quite some time now tells you the phone's operating system has flaws that look like they may never be fixed. Stay Away from this phone!!

After a good amount of research, I determined this was the best available phone for me.  It was one of the few available without contract that had 4g, the latest android os, and great processor speed.  The battery can drain quickly when using all these features, but I'm getting used to using it efficiently.  I'm happy with the purchase.

I'm enjoying this phone a whole lot more than I expected. The 3D camera is fun, the facial recognition password is inventive, and the operation is very smooth. The only difficulty so far was dealing with Virgin Mobile to get it activated.

I've enjoyed having this phone. There have been a few problems with downloads and the camera, but they were easily fixed once I found the answers. (Clear cache and restart) I will say this also, it's not a good phone for pics. I am mostly interested in games, texting and talking though, so it has been ok for me.

It seems to be a great phone. I bought it for my daughter and I haven't heard her complain yet so it must be meeting her needs. Update on 12/25/12 looking at returning the phone. The phone itself is good, the carrier stinks. Will be looking to send back this phone and change her number to another provider.

I am very satisfied, with my phone, except he battery is not that good but still works. My phone arrived on time. thanks.

Software stinks... Phone reboots frequently reboots. I do not think that I would buy another phone by htc. Perhaps will bite the bullet and buy an iPhone.

My fiance had this phone before so I already had some experience with it.When his cousin moved here from Venezuela and needed a phone and quickly this was perfect for her.Shipping was very quick and she has been very happy with the phone.

I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a great phone at a great value for prepaid service. I love this phone in so many ways,super fast, lots of fun and great features. Also I am a picture crazed fan so I love the 3D and 2D camera also the front camera with loaded features. Very proud of my phone choice and the super fast delivery was a bonus.

The phone is nicely built but a bit heavy.Great 3D camera. Never seen anything like it before.Battery drains very fast. Not sure if it's the phone or the service (VM..a very long story).I barely had any signal indoor (again VM long story).I returned the phone because of the bad signal and VM service.

Phone works great, i like the ice cream sandwhich 4.0, i came from the gingerbread. Though times went prepaid, cant say its better than verizon, but for the half the price iam not complaining, you pay what you get. This phone will do the job,i pay 45 a month and get 1200 minutes, unlimited data & text, i only kill about 900 minutes and thats everyday talking, kill about 1 gb of data & heavy internet usage. I live in Los Angeles and service will do, like i said its not verizon service quality, it runs on sprint and i can live with it. Check your area if u get 4g before buying,

this phone is wonderful. It does everything I need it to do, quickly. It has a ton of storage so I can have all my apps on it. The only downside I have found is that the battery drains very quickly. If I use it a lot, I can't even get through the day on one charge.

This is my second smart phone: My first was an LG Optimus V, also on Virgin Mobile.  This phone improves on the Optimus in every way, and was certainly worth the money to upgrade.This is running Android 4.0.3 with HTC Sense 3.6.  I like the new, faster look and feel, whether it be due to HTC or Android, or both.  Activation was easy on Virgin - no problems that others have reported.  I just replaced my Optimus with the Evo.  All works!I have 1GB of memory to actually USE: on the Optimus, I had room for only about 8 apps on the phone, that I could not move to the sd card, so I was constantly getting &#34;low on memory&#34; notices.  On this Evo, I have all the apps I want on there, and still have 411 MB on the phone to load.  I move all the apps that will move to the SD card.  Some don't.  I'm thrilled with all the extra memory.The phone is bigger, giving me a bigger screen, easier to search the web, make phone calls.  The touch is lighter, and much faster to respond. I don't text much, so I can't comment on the &#34;radio interference&#34; some have reported.  I've had two dropped calls in about two months, which while not perfect, is okay:  I called them back.  No worries.The camera in 2D does fine: the 3D for me is unnecessary.  I use the 4G network, or 3G, to stream music from Google Cloud - works better than the 3G I had with the Optimus.  Apps that sometimes crashed on the Optimus run fine on the Evo.I use the headset AND the car charger I got with the Optimus with the Evo.  Both work well, though I have read that a faster car charger would be faster!  The one I have works for me.While I was listening to a podcast (using Pocket Casts), I got a phone call - the podcast paused - I pushed the mic button on my headset - talked my talk - then the podcast resumed.  Nice!Since I love the Google world - Gmail, Calendar, Navigation, Maps - this phone works for me.Amazon shipped it to me on the day promised.  Terrific.

I was a little hesitant to purchase this phone because I was grandfathered into the $25 a month plan but I'm glad I did. Everything on this phone is better than my previous android phone. It wasn't easy to activate but after a few tweeks and whatnot it was working well. I'm pleased all around.

This phone does everything i need. The battery life is actually pretty good if you don't spend all day on the it. (Nature is amazing if you look at it you know) The 3D camera is a cool gimmick, but don't look at it for too long or your eyes will burn from your skull. Otherwise It is a bigger, brighter, better phone than my previous one and I have not had an issue with it yet.

This is my first smart phone, and I must say, I am NOT disappointed. The touch screen is fast, texting with the screen is fun and easy, and it's not too heavy. The only problems I have with this phone is sometimes I don't receive texts, or I can't send my texts out. I would get a message saying I don't have signal, when in the corner I have 2 signal bars. I solve this by turning my phone off for ten-twenty minutes but it still frustrates me. -1 star for this reason. The camera quality is not that great, and the 3D setting is pretty cool but it'll hurt your eyes for looking at the picture too long. The battery life is short, but I simply just carry my battery charger with me so it's not a big deal.

I've been using my HTC Evo 4g for about 3 months on the Virgin Mobile no contract plan.  Admittedly it is my first smart phone but I'm really liking it.  It does what I want,  I get quick connections. It switches from wifi to 3g seamlessly. I do more browsing than phone calls and it works well. I'm not a gamer and I watch movies on a tablet or TV so can't speak to how it works for those.  For texting, checking email, stock market and Evernote it does a great job. I'd recommend it and am happy with my purchase.

The phone's microphone doesn't work so i can make calls on a PHONE!!! Apparently this is a common problem with no fix.This is the second phone that I've bought on Amazon that I will be forced to return.

i wanted a phone that was fast and efficient and this phone is exactly that.  why pay for an overpriced phone as an i-phone, when this HTC EVO V has the same capabilities in my opinion.  the only downfall of the phone is the battery life, but as with most phones with alot of apps and all of the bells and whistles, that is actually normal.  i do not mind having to charge this phone every day.  it was well worth the price, and alot more phone for the price that i paid for it.....i am very much pleased.

I got my evoV about 8 months ago....-gets really hot(over 40 celcius)-battery lasts 1/2 day on avg.- slow- buttons are cheap-glitchy+tough+3d cameraI originally thought that I got a defective unit, but was on my 2nd replacement phone after 6 months. What i can say for it is that it is durable and takes a hit well.

Great hardware, great deals on monthly service.... Not so awesome errors with the service, this phone notoriously has a 'radio interference resource shortage', which i didnt know about before I bought it.  i keep reading about how they have a fix coming out soon but no luck yet.  for right now I'm stuck restarting it everytime i get the error, and sometimes even that doesnt work.  but when they get this issue handled, this will be THE best deal around.  the phone itself is a workhorse, and the battery life is excellent (I dont know how people report on-screen time as only 4 hours a day, My phone is on, and being used at least 8 hours a day and I still make it home without it dying on me.In short, great phone, great price, Virgin mobile just needs to get their stuff together and fix this issue and I will truly be in love.____________________________________________________________Update: as of 1/9/13, they released a software update, and my phone no longer has this error!  Love the phone.  Very dependable now, battery life is good and it runs soooo smooth.  Good stuff!

I love it and I'm planning on getting a second one for my friends birthday soon. I recently orders mine and it's far more entering than I imagined 4 G is a must.

just get it there is nothing wrong with the phone, its pretty smooth and fast for a $300 smartphone. it's basicly the iphone 4s for specs

This is a great phone. Never seen the 3D picture feature it has on any other phone. I upgraded to this from the HTC One V. Like this one a lot more.

Worst phone I've ever owned. It wont keep a charge and accompanied by Virgin piggybacking on sprint I can't make make or receive calls from my house and I live in the heart of the city not in some out of the way rural area.  Buy this as a present if you really hate the person you are giving it to.

Yep. Radio interface resource shortage. Get used to those words if you buy this phone. A quick Google search for those terms and HTC+EVO returns tons of results, some from June, 2012, just days after the HTC EVO V 4G (my god get a real name) was released.I got mine in September, 2012, and the error occurred within a week. The problem with the phone is compounded by the poor customer service provided by almost any MVNO. If you get lucky and don't need to call customer support, it's possible Virgin Mobile would be a good choice. But not with the VM/EVO V combo.I've now spent in excess of 20 hours on the phone with their various support departments, and was promised that a software update would solve the issue, and the update would be released by November 16. When the update failed to materialize, I called and demanded a replacement. The replacement came, and they sent the wrong phone. -.-After going round and round with them, explaining that they messed up and sent the wrong replacement phone, they finally did send another EVO V, but it too returned the error within one week. So, they are shipping replacements with the same issue, and without the update applied.They are sending another replacement, which will be promptly dumped onto eBay. I have switched to MetroPCS, and am happy with my (non-HTC) Metro phone.In a nutshell: I do NOT recommend this phone.

this case is not too flashy but adds some color and protects great!  my husband drops his phone all the time and this case holds up.

Let's see: The one and only thing people complain about this cellphone is the battery life and they are right. I used the phone for about 10 minutes and BAM the battery is 90%. There is no way to conserve it unless you completely get rid of any app that is running in the background and dim the screen a lot. I don't want to buy those bulky batteries from amazon since I have a case for it now and I don't want to throw it away. The power button for it is horrible. You use that button to turn the device on and off or if your screen goes black, you have to press the same button to turn it on. The button sucks even more since it is hard to feel whether or not your pressing it.If they had spent a little time working on these issues, I think this would have been one of the greatest phones of all time. Too bad these issues cause it to have so much negative response from people. If you are ok with being limited to one button to do 10 things and a really bad battery life then this device is for you.

Sent it back after a week, following the reported signal fluctuations.Tried everything I could find online and all the CS aide that was offered to me.  Phone would just stop receiving texts and calls, and there was no way to tell that this was occurring.  So I could go hours without any way of knowing that nobody could contact me.This alone was my only issue with the device, and since I could find no way to resolve the issue, I was forced to return the phone.I really REALLY liked the hardware though. HOLY COW!!! this phone is AMAZING!!!!Truly a shame that I had to send it back, really one of the best Android phones I have ever used (and I used to be a reviewer)If I ever read that the issue has been updated or resolved, I would strongly consider repurchasing this phone.As is... Buyer Beware!!!  Some phones work FINE, but if you read around the internet, you will see how common this issue can be.When you first get this device TURN OFF YOUR OTHER PHONE. I mean COMPLETELY.  Remove the battery even.Then go through the process of activation and do not turn your old phone back on.  From what I read, this can increase your chances of avoiding this issue, but I also read that it may not.This is one of those things where you might get a good one, or you might get one with malfunctions.  I dont like playing darts with my tech toys, so I am waiting to see if they ever iron out this major flaw. (considering that the phone was discontinued from sprint and this is their old stock rebranded... chances are unlikely that there is any support in the future, and possibly rooting will be the only option for many users.)If you get one that works correctly, AWESOME PHONE. like you will be drooling over this baby... but if you are one of the many unlucky buyers to get a misbehaving device... you will be drooling like a crazy man on Thorazine :/

This is a nice phone.  It works for me.  Sound quality is OK.  The MagicJack Android VOIP ap saves me VM minutes.  I can get away with the 300 min $35 plan because of the MJ AA.

Does Android fine; usage as a phone SUCKS!  Worst design ever; when trying to talk it one can not touch the display with ones ear, or even the case when on speaker phone, without it acting like the user is selecting an app to run.  POOR signal strength, reception, and etc. I've had it make calls without me knowing.  Blankety blank touch screen is toooo sensitive.

This phone has all the features that anybody could ask for in a mobile device. I purchased an extended battery it will main charged for over 24 hours with lots of use. I would recommend this phone without any hesitation.

Plain and simple folks. This phone has 4G 3G hotspot 3D camera 3D screen and a DUO CORE PROCESSOR!!!!! Words to describe performance? Smooth motion with screen. Great camera. AWESOME 3D effects! Pretty sleek for a larger screen phone. FAST  processing for games. All around the best poor mans 4G  large screen duo core phone out there!! If you can find one,BUY ONE!! Because they discontinued them for the reason this it has all the perks of a higher end phone without the high end price!!

The most essential function of a phone, even a smartphone, is to make telephone calls. I've now owned this phone for about a week and in that time I've had to open up the back of the phone three times to remove the battery. All three times, the radio had just stopped working. Rather than getting full bars like I should have been, I was getting no service. That means no phone calls and no text messages, thus defeating the point of having a cell phone. All three times, it took a failed text message for me to even realize I was having problems which led to at least one missed phone call. A simple shut-down of the phone didn't restore service either, it took that battery removal I mentioned to get service back. I don't find having to do this once a week acceptable, let alone three times a week. And I'd also like to mention this is my second EVO V 4G, the first one was DOA when I got it home from the store (I purchased the phone at Radioshack).I really like the idea of paying for a phone outright and saving on my monthly fee, rather than having subsidies and contracts, but prepaid carriers just aren't giving us viable options. I wanted to add my vote to increase contract-free cell phone service here in the US in the only way large corporations understand - with my wallet - but I have found that trying to do so has left me highly frustrated in a way that 11 years of contract phone service has not. It's going to cost me about an extra $25 a month (taking into account the cost of the phones and their residual values) assuming I buy a new phone every 18 months to switch back to a contract phone, but I will have the latest phone and better service. After trying 2 different pre-paid carriers, it's a trade-off that I've finally come to terms with.

I bought this thinking it was going to be an absolutely great phone. And I was dead wrong. Texting doesn't work half the time, internet? HAHAHAHHA GOOD LUCK!Games? Yeah if you want it to last for less than an hour. I can't even get to my home screen half the time cause the stupid half circle won't work.Crashes...oh boy..don't even... Get ANY other phone besides this one. I wish I had spent my money on a cheap phone instead of this phone. 300+ dollars right down the drain.

I decided to switch to the Samsung Galaxy S II and quickly realized I made a bad choice. I kept the S II for a month, sold it at a loss and reactivated my HTC EVO 3D/4G. The HTC EVO is by far the best phone I ever owned. I use Virgin Mobile as my provider and I pay $15/mo extra for the unlimited hot spot and it works great. The EVO isn't as fast as the S II but makes up the difference with HTC features.

Love ,Love, Love, it, It's a great phone, with many features, only wish that the battery would hold a charge longer, but I have purchased a car charger. takes wonderful pictures, I really like the Wi-Fi feature and the 3G and 4G availability. I can do just about anything on it that I can do on my desk top. can't say enough about this phone, it's wroth the price and I'm glad my daughter talked me into it, oh, I almost forgot, the main reason that I wanted this phone was for the GPS, it amazing! now I won't get lost wherever I am.

Love this phone. Hands down the best virgin mobile phone I've ever had. Still haven't had any problems with the phone, and finding accessories like cases is easy since it's an updated HTC EVO 3D. The 3D feature is pretty sweet and there are even a few games that utilize the feature, the only thing is the 3D viewing angle is slim so if you go to show someone a 3D pic or 3D youtube video they would have to hold it, multiple people can't fully see the 3D. This phone is also very fast the 4G works great and you won't see loading screens for very long and games look great. The graphics on this phone are great, really sharp and clear. This phone has also never crashed on me which is a very rare thing for most androids. The only negative thing is the battery life will significantly drop if you forget the 4G on or if you watch or use the 3D feature a lot. All in all I'd recommend this phone to anyone who wants a sweet phone that's fast dependable and very solid.

Do not buy this phone. It took two months for virgin mobile to get it to work and something goes wrong with it every month.

While this phone is very thin, light, and has a decently-sized screen with an ok-processor, it's still a very fragile phone. I put a screen protector and a case on it as soon as I got it because I paid the full $250+ for it back in October 2012.At first, everything was just fine: screen was responsive, speaker sounded great, 3D camera worked as well as a 3D camera on a phone could, didn't experience much lag unless I was running a very intense app, etc.Unfortunately, the fragility of the phone became apparent when it accidentally dropped from my lap as I was getting out of the passenger seat of a car about a month and a half after I got it. Yes, it was my fault that my phone dropped, BUT I had a pretty decent two-piece silicone-and-hard-plastic-shell case on which absorbed the shock. Apparently, that wasn't enough since, about a week or two later, I started experiencing some jumps and twitches.I didn't think much of it since I figured most phones had that and some of my other friends that had this same phone (but on Sprint) and had the same problem of some minor jumps and twitches. It wasn't enough to completely interfere with day-to-day usage, but it was annoying when it would occasionally press a random letter when I was typing or activate another point on the screen when I was using an app or playing a game.Fast forward to now, June 2013, 8 months after I first started using it, I've dropped it just once more (again, from my lap as I was getting out of the car, so it wasn't very high at all) with the case on and everything. It was fine for about four days, and then I started noticing more jumps and twitches than usual; it was difficult to swipe up the unlock ring (I had to flick the ring up from the bottom of the screen since there was a dead zone JUST above the unlock area so I couldn't drag the ring up) typing was becoming a nightmare, and the screen would indicate a touch-point on a part of the screen somewhat far from where I was actually touching (in essence, it was indicating that I was touching two places at once when really I only had one of my fingers touching only one part of the screen.)I checked various forums in regards to this phone and this specific issue and it seems that it's a very common problem. Most of the people dropped their phones once or twice and from a pretty low height and voila, screen glitches. Some of the moderators and more technologically-experienced users deduced that the jumps and twitches were due to a cracked digitizer that came as a result to a drop and can be replaced by HTC or your carrier for roughly $35 (I'm not sure if the prices are different since the posts are from 2012)I know the phone owners, such as myself, are at fault for dropping our phones. However, you'd think that phones of this caliber wouldn't be SO DAMN FRAGILE. I have friends that have dropped their iPhones and Galaxy GS3's with simple bumpers or thin cases and never experienced this kind of problem!I'm very disappointed in the quality of this phone. Yes it lasted me 8 months, but that's still a very short time for ANY type of phone. HTC shouldn't have made the digitizer on this phone so fragile. I can't recommend this phone to anyone anymore. Although VM took it off their website, so I'm assuming they stopped carrying this phone. Good thing too because then others would go through the same problems that I and many other HTV EVO 3D users have gone through.

This is a lot of smart phone, and works very responsive, all features work well, wifi connects easy, virgin mobile service seems to work well in my area, so many useful features like visual voice mail, e-mail, call blocking for them few nuisance calls, pre-installed GPS / google map apps make the phone a great GPS. Easy to use Camera and camcorder with a shutter button, is very clear and has many photo functions, including 3D .  3g internet data works well anywhere in service area, note: 4g wimax internet is comming to my rural area with in a year, so haven't tried that yet but should be great . Data usage seems minimal for e-mail, internet, and maps / GPS, so 2.5 gb of data will likely last all month at the faster speed rate, for basic phone functions, plus the service comes with unlimited data after that usage at a slower speed, if you burn up fast data downloading / watching video or tv. The Hot spot function works to connect other devices if you activate it for $15, well worth it if you need that.  Has useful apps on android and easy to install more if desired. Can be hooked up to a TV in a variety of ways to view photos, video or internet, Bluetooth works well. I recommend this type case and skin cover that work in combo with each other for better camera protection and yet great fit and look, all for low cost.2 of DECORO DHCHTCEVO3DBK Rubberized Ribbed Texture Shell and Holster with Fixed Ratching Belt Clip for HTC Evo 3D/Evo V 4G - 1 Pack - Carrying Case - RetaAndeForCity 3 in 1 Accessory Bundle Color Soft TPU Rubber S Shape Skin Cases for HTC EVO 3D (Frost Black, Frost Clear White, Frost Dark Purple)

After reading so many reviews both negative and positive I decided to make the move. My local Radio Shack had a limited time promotion on the HTC Evo 3D for Virgin mobile and knowing the problems I was having with my Motorola Triumph I had to make the move. Especially since I would have 30 Days to return it back to the store. Here are the facts:GPS on the evo connects in 10 seconds and that's in my house (I use waze app all the time)Triumph can't connect in my house and usually takes more than 5 minutes to connect.Audio is louder and sounds better on the HTC Evo (especially with poweramp app)Triumph has a problem when you unplug earphones and replug in the sound jumps.HTC Evo has no lag when pressing buttons or appsTriumph has lag and sometime you must press 3 timesCall quality is better on the HTC Evo and testing this in low signal areas I haven't missed any callsTriumph sounds muffledHTC Evo 3d pictures give me a headache, 2d pictures are very nice, I don't see a major difference between either phone.Battery on the HTC Evo beats the  Triumph hands down. And I like the option to add a larger battery if needed. I use 2x battery saver app.Sent a text message in a low signal area and 1 time received a radio interference message, but the text still went through.3G is noticeably faster (I used speedtest.net) with my old Motorola and the HTC next to each other. I'm sure this is because of the dual processor and improved memory in the HTC.4G is insane! 7,485 kbps download.If someone calls you and you can't take the message and they leave you a message on voicemail, you can listen to the message without dialing into voice mail and delete it after listening so no minutes are used, very cool! On the motorola triumph you had to dial into voice mail.BTW, my Motorola triumph was on the $25 dollar plan and my wife was using a Samsung intercept so I gave her my Motorola. If anyone has upgraded from the Samsung intercept to the Motorola triumph. You know its a no brainer and the Motorola wins hands over, but although the upgrade from the Motorola to the HTC Evo is not as drastic, it is an improvement over the quirky things that the Motorola does....UPDTATE1:Have had the phone for 1 month and haven't missed 1 call. There are reviews that say they have had call problems or texting problems. See update #5.UPDATE #2:Factory battery is better than the triumph, but I order the extended Laza Zcell battery and cover for the HTC Evo on Amazon. The reviews are incredible and the battery lasts for more than 2 day on normal use!UPDATE #3 Revised:Received the Laza Zcell battery and cover and it is fantastic. The cover fits perfectly, charged the battery overnight and my 2x battery saver app says I have 114hrs till the battery runs out! Mfg says you will get max battery after 5 charges. The bottom of the back case pops out about 3/16 and the rest of the case stays slim. This actually makes the phone easier to hold and with the new back cover the top power button is easier to operate. Also you will not need a battery saver app with this battery, but if you do it will extend your battery operation even longer! After 5 charges, and the phone being on for 7hours, my 2x battery saver app says I have 191hrs left! This is insane!UPDATE #4The HTC Android version is 4.06. It has some very cool settings that are not on the Motorola. For example. When the phone is ringing you can set it to lower the ring tone automatically when you pick the phone up. You can also increase the ring when it is in a bag or pouch and it will lower when the phone is pulled out of the bag. You can also set your phone to automatically go to speaker phone when you turn it upside down.UPDATE #5I received a text from my brother (I don't really text much at all) when I responded I received the weird code alert and radio freq message, I selected OK on the message and I believe it still went through. My response to my brother didn't require a response but it did remind me of all the people that are complaining about texting on this phone. Here is what I did, go to your phone keypad and type ##25327# then a screen pops up, at the top press the word menu, it will then say reset, press reset, then select yes to resetting and saving personal info....This should fix any texting issues. I did this and have not had any radio interference messages since. Keep in mind this is not the same as going to the PRL update. It is more than that and resets your phone with out loosing your personal data.UPDATE #6Still loving this phone! Did more texting this month with my family with no problems. Everything above still stands. This is without a doubt the best VM phone I have ever had. If you have a 3D tv, you can take 3D videos and set your 3D on your tv to side by side and watch your videos in 3d. Very cool, much better than watching 3D on your phone. Still experimenting. Also one thing I don't like is to answer a call you must move the green icon into a circle. So I installed an app called easy answer. Now when a call comes in I can look at the phone and just hold it to my ear and it will automatically answer. It detects that you have the phone by your ear. How cool is that? Also I installed a 16gb sd card so I could install my favorite movies. I found that the phone is so powerful (dual core CPU) that it will play HD videos that my old Motorola triumph would not play! Love this phone and I'm so surprised that there are so many negative reviews.UPDATE #7Just leased a new vehicle and needed a good HTC 3D Evo smartphone holder. Found the iOttie one touch smartphone holder. It is easily the best vehicle holder I have ever found. Amazon sells it, check it out, you won't be disappointed it attached to my dashboard that like many has a non smooth vinyl and fastened beautifully. Its 12 degrees in NJ today and its working without a problem. It will also attach to your windshield. Just sharing with all the HTC 3D evo fans. One negative is it will not work with the extended battery. So I'm back on the original factory batteryWill update as I use it more.... Very happy with this HTC Evo 3g V.

phone is very easy to use, but service area provided by Sprint is limited.......need more cell towers in this area

I really wasn't sure what to expect with this phone after reading the reviews about the various problems others have had. I really wanted to be able to access it as a wireless hotspot so that I could work from the beach like in those tv commercials I've been seeing forever. Haven't done it yet but I am planning the trip.As to the phone, I want to say wow. I have never seen such a great phone for the remote worker. I work from home for my company which is based in CA and I make calls all over the country everyday. This little phone has not only helped me to do that, but with crystal clear speaker phone sound  (on both ends and that is verified), I can record my calls for memory recall later and don't have to have a headset on my ears all day.Plus it doubles as an mp3 player and internet radio device that I play music with all day at my desk. The best part of that is if a call comes in or I make one, the mp3 or radio sound pauses automatically for me so I don't have to scramble to shut it off if my boss calls.Additionally, the phone comes equipped with a VPN client so that you can setup a secure transmission line and data stream if needed which is a huge plus in my line of work. It syncs my contacts and organizes them into groups that it will allow me to send mass emails out to entire groups of 300+ in a blink of an eye. Something my old phone could never have done. Oh, and I also found out last night while I was goofing around that the phone can talk to my 3D LG television on the other end of the house. I was fooling around with some settings in the music section and my son yelled out what just happened to the tv. The song I was playing on my phone started playing on the tv and interrupted his show. Pretty funny. The bottom line here is that this phone is stellar.I have not had any problems with the screen going nuts on me like many reviewers have but then again, I did spring for the docking station as well which means that I don't have to handle it as much. The dock is also very helpful and I would highly recommend it to anyone. Watch out though because it does not allow space for cases.

I enjoy the phone, it's superior to my old phone in so many ways, is faster, larger screen, clearer images, the camera(s) are better, to name a few of the qualities I enjoy about it. I don't like that it fell from my hip, merely two and a half feet, onto a flat floor and the touch screen shattered while it was in an otter box of the defender series. My old phone ( LG optimus)was much more durable, with out a protection case.

I ended my contract with AT&T and began looking for a new solution for my phone needs.  I was dissapointed at first to find that our Iphones would not be traveling to a different company. The thought of wasting hundreds of dollars for three phones that are now basically paper weights sickened me. (Gazell and other companies pay pennies on the dollar)  I actually  like this phone better than my Iphone.  It is super fast, has great memory, and is more compatable for the office.  The reviews about the batteries are true....but I spent 5 bucks on a Beast battery and can surf, text, talk, and download all day.....and still plug it in at night with about 40% left.  The phone is quite frankly a mini tablet.....I was even able to offer wi fi for my daughters laptop while we were outside last week.

So far I have had this phone for a little over a year and it's great. I have been with Verizon, AT&T, and now Virgin. With little to no reception from my house with AT&T I get fairly decent reception while taking calls (sometimes I have to step out on to the porch). The data where I live is always 3G but doesn't matter because I have WiFi hooked up in the house, and the phone still receives signal all the way out in the garage. When 4G is available (in the city) it's just like being connected to WiFi, it's super fast. I just recently took a trip to New Jersey, and purchased the mobile hotspot for the extra $15, and connected my mothers Ipad, and my sisters Kindle Fire HD. Both devices and my HTC where flying high I was surfing the web and lisening to music, my sister was doing the same, and my mother was on Amazon watching a movie in HD. I love Spotify and surfing the web, text is great and phone calls are always clear. The Battery does get hit pretty hard if your listening to music over the web(about 4 hours) but if it's just occasional web browsing, a few phone calls, and messing around with apps I don't have to charge it until the end of my day around 12 to 14 hours. Durability is also a plus I have dropped it in a puddle of water, dropped it from about 8 ft. and take it to work with me daily(very dirty). Overall this phone is great, I highly recommend it to anyone that wants to surf, text, and talk. If this phone breaks, I'm getting the same thing again.

This phone is great it holds up well, the battery life is good and the screen is sharp and very bright.  Its an awesime phone and i'd buy one again if I needed too

So I was a little nervous at first after reading about all of the problems this phone has had. I have had a HTC One V for awhile and have enjoyed it, but when I saw the price drop on the EVO I figured I'd give it a try, and I could always switch back to the One V if it didn't work out. The One V has been a great phone. Suffice to say, I will NOT be switching back.For starters, switching as always for me (I've been with VM for awhile, 5 or 6 phones) required that I call VM to get it done, but no big deal, and the switch was done and everything was working in about a half hour. As soon as I activated it and started playing around with it, I quickly noticed just how much faster and more responsive it is than the One V - it is definitely and immediately noticeable. The two cores make a huge difference. Where I live the 4G is spotty, but when it works it is fantastic; the 3G is not bad at all. I downloaded the HTC software update and the PRL and profile updates and have not had any of the connectivity (call or messaging) issues that have been reported with this phone. I believe that they've got all of those kinks worked out. Like I said, 4G is spotty, but other than that smooth sailing.I was worried about the GPS because it is listed only as AGPS and HTC's site says it needs cell service to operate, but I used it for about a day in areas where I know there was no service and it kept tracking me. The maps wouldn't update, but my position was kept current even without service; I downloaded Mapdroyd offline maps, so that won't be a problem again.The screen is great. One of the reasons I got the One V originally was because I didn't want any more big phones, but this one is really not all that much bigger than the One V with a significantly larger - and better - screen. It is very responsive, crisp, has better viewing angles, and is generally just easier to type on, watch movies, or play games with. I will miss the ICS-designed capacitive buttons of the One V and I don't like the search button at all (keep accidentally hitting it, probably my only real gripe about the phone), but it's not THAT big a deal. A minor annoyance, not a dealbreaker, and something I'll just get used to (again, since I used to use Gingerbread-designed phones...).The camera is OK, nothing to write home about but not bad either. The 3D does work, but seems more a gimmick to me. I'll never use it, but it's there if it's important to anyone.The battery life is really not bad at all. I ran a stock battery for the first couple of days, and I was getting through the day with battery left over with moderate usage. Of course Android phones need to be charged every day, something I think alot of people who complain about battery life do not understand... Adjust screen brightness, display time-out, watch for runaway apps, etc. But relative to other Android phones this one is not bad at all. I got the 1900mah Anker batteries and did definitely notice a difference; I had to struggle to kill the battery (purposefully running it down for several cycles to do calibration is always a good idea)... I got home yesterday with over 50% battery with moderate usage. Not bad at all. Of course if you're doing heavy gaming or something that will kill any Android's battery very quickly, but this one is relatively good.I always get a case for my phones because I have slippery fingers. I usually get Otterboxes or Tridents, but didn't want to make this one too big, so I got the Acase one for it and could not be happier. It is a PERFECT fit and seems like it will give adequate protection.It has been pretty much problem-free so far, and I am pleasantly surprised about that considering all of the reported problems. Happy enough to order another one for the wife for Valentine's Day... :)UPDATE 1: After another week with the phone taking it all over Texas, I have a few comments to add.- The Anker battery is awesome. I get home from work usually with 70-80% with light to moderate use, about 50-60% when using GPS- I use GPS alot in my job, I am an investigator and am driving quite a bit to unknown places and rural areas. The GPS is generally GTG, you just need to have preloaded maps or have Google Maps with the target area loaded before you leave a service area for it to work. Mapdroyd works great.- I have lost service in some rural areas. I think the antennae was slightly better with the One V, but it's not significantly worse, just some remote areas that I got it with the One V the EVO won't pick up. It's still pretty good service, and coverage is 80% or so even in the rural areas, clost to 100% in the urban areas.- 4G is certainly spotty. Inside my house I can sometimes get a connection, sometimes not. When I get a connection it's always double 3G speeds. I go out on my balcony and I am getting 7mb down every time. At the local park it's spotty, at the city square it's 6mb down... you get the picture. When it works it's awesome, it's just spotty and I don't rely on it. It's a bonus when it works.Still very happy. My wife's EVO got here and it works great, too.

I've had this phone since Feb. 2013, and it was at the time the best model offered by Virgin Mobile at a reasonable price. 8 months later, I still love this phone.

All the bad things you've been hearing about this phone and the Virgin Mobile network are true.I was seduced by the fancy 3-D capability and didn't return it at once. Big mistake. From the start the phone had trouble picking up a 3G signal even if I live just a few blocks away from a Sprint store. Then friends started telling me I don't answer calls or text messages. A friend placed a call in front of me and my phone did not even register the call. After a few weeks, I kept on getting the dreaded &#34;insufficient radio&#34; something error message after sending text messages that went undelivered. Customer service placed me on hold for hours on end without any lasting fixes. The so-called 4G signal only worked in New York City and nowhere else that I've been to so far (not even in downtown Chicago). I know they say Virgin Mobile uses the Sprint network but they must be getting a sliver of the latter's bandwidth. In a nutshell: an abysmal experience.

I was looking for a new phone and service after having my old iPhone on T-mobile.  I decided to switch because I couldn't get 3G speeds on my iPhone at home, I had to go to certain areas to get 3G.  Even then, 3G coverage was limited.  I had 5GB's of up to 4G data speed, but I could hardly utilize it.  On top of that, I kept getting debt collection calls and various schools/apartment complexes calling for the previous owner (took a few threats of asking for their address so I can send a cease and desist later before they stopped calling).I decided enough was enough.  I used to have the Blackberry Curve 8530 on Virgin Mobile about 2 years ago, but I accidentally left the phone in my pants pocket and it got ruined in the wash, I regretted it every day since.  It was a good phone at the time, probably still would be at this time.I wanted a new smartphone, but I didn't want to spend a big amount of money on a new phone, I ended up not looking much because I knew that phones were expensive.  I remember seeing this phone being at least $300 a few months ago.  My friend got this phone and told me that Virgin Mobile will have a sale on their phones every once in a while.  I decided to keep eyeing their website and saw that the EVO V 4G was on sale for $150 rather than their usual $180-$200 price range.  I couldn't resist getting this particular phone, it pretty much has everything I want in a phone that I was looking for.Internet speedsI can get 3G in many more areas than I could on my iPhone on T-Mobile.  I live in a rural area and I get little 3G coverage, but at least that's something compared to my old provider.I used the Speedtest app to find out how fast 3G and 4G speeds were in the Orlando area.  On 3G, download speeds average from 400 kbps to 1.2mbps with upload speeds around 300 to 600 kbps.  When I tested 4G (rather limited coverage), I saw download speeds around 5mbps and upload speeds around 1.2 to 1.5 mbps.  Those speeds are just using the phone itself, I have yet to try the mobile hotspot.CameraThis camera has a 5MP digital camera with a 1.3 MP front facing camera.  There are two cameras on the rear facing for 3D pictures and videos.  When taking 3D pictures, it is a 2MP resolution.  The video camera records at 1280x720p at up to 30 Frames Per Second (The shutter does bring it down if recording in low light).  If you don't want HD videos, you can also record in 960x540, 640x480, 320x240, and 176x144 (for MMS).  The phone can take 3D videos as well, but that is stuck at 720P.  The flash can be used when recording videos, it can be turned on or off while filming.The quality for 720P came out better than I thought, the sound quality isn't the best, but it's better than the sound on the last digital camera I bought.The auto focus works alright on this camera.  What I love is that I can focus while the camera is recording a video just by tapping where I want the camera to focus on.MemoryWhen you buy the phone brand new, an 8GB Class 4 Kingston MicroSD card is included.  The card is already inserted into the phone.There is a gigabyte of memory of internal memory on the phone, but not really available for the user exactly.  You must have a MicroSD to take pictures, videos and even play music.  Most apps are able to install on the internal memory, but most often will store data on the MicroSD card.  Some apps can also be moved onto the MicroSD Card.Processor & RAMThis phone has a 1.2 GHz dual core processor and 1GB of RAM.  I haven't had any crashes yet caused by an error from app.  With that kind of processor and ram, you can actually multi task with this phone.  Example: Listening to Pandora while checking your email or downloading apps onto your phone.Since this phone operates on Virgin Mobile using the Sprint Network, you can't make a phone call and browse the internet at the same time if you're on 3G/4G unless you're using a VOIP App.Battery & ChargerA 1,730 mAH removable battery is included with the phone.  There is a wall adapter and a USB cable that is included.  The USB Cable is needed to charge with the wall adapter.  The wall adapter charges the phone at 5 volts, 1.0 amp.  Charging through a usb port will provide 5 volts, 500 milliamps.Buy a spare battery with the phone if you can, you will need it if you're a moderate to heavy user.  Moderate to heavy use can kill the battery in about 3 hours depending on your usage.  It will take about 3 or 4 hours to charge from a dead battery to a full battery.The battery doesn't come charged, there's only enough charge for a few minutes so you can get it plugged in to charge.  You will need to charge it up for a good amount if you want to try taking 3D pictures, I think if the phone has less than 20% of a charge, it won't let you take 3D pictures.Edit 3/17/2013Mobile HotspotI have had the chance to try the Mobile Hotspot feature on this phone.  In order to be able to use the hotspot feature, you will need to pay $15 a month for it or it won't work.  You can change the WiFi name and password to whatever you please, or even no password if you please.  While the hotspot is on, you can't use the phone's flash if you decide to take a picture.  You can still use the HTC while the hotspot is on (except make phone calls, Sprint's network is incompatible with making a call and using 3G/4G at the same time).  For example, you'd be able to watch a video on your computer and go on facebook or twitter from the phone at the same time.Make sure that you have 4G enabled if you wish to use it before turning on mobile hotspot.  You can turn 4G on or off once you turn on mobile hotspot, but if you turn on 4G after enabling hotspot, any devices connected will be disconnected for a moment or two while the phone searches for the 4G signal.

Loved the phone, so powerful and easy to use, but we didn't have coverage at our house, so it didn't work for me.

This phone is awesome. I used iphones for a few years. Got tired of the proprietary Apps that can only be purchased through itunes store. Switched to this android phone and I love it. You can get apps in many places, not only google play. It is fast, it multitasks, and you can add memory via sd car. The bluetooth and wifi work great. In fact, I bluetoothed to my old iphone and copied all of my music and contacts fr om it effortlessly! Cameras are really nice, especially the 3D camera. And the battery lastscquite a while. I cannot say enough good things about this phone.

At first, this seemed like the best phone I could get from Virgin Mobile. I did not particularly care for HTC's Sense UI, but found it workable with some tweaks.Unlike the other, lower end Android offerings from Virgin, the PCD Venture, and the Chaser, this is a much better quality phone. The build quality is decent for the price, and it feels good in the hand. It has a tendency to get warm, but not uncomfortably so. It's reasonably fast, and the 3D display looks fantastic, although it strains the eyes.I loved it for a couple of days, when suddenly I began getting "SMS errors". The next day, the phone simply refused to make or receive any phone calls, even with full bars, despite several restarts, and restores. I was sad to have to let this one go, but maybe I got a dud. Worth giving a shot if the gimmick of a 3D display seems worth it to you. I ended up settling happily on the Samsung Reverb after this.

I upgraded from an EVO Shift 4G on Sprint and love how much faster the 3D is. Does everything I want and more. The 3D is a little trippy and frankly I don't use it because the pictures cant be exported to a PC in 3d format so what's the point? Love the phone though.

I was a "Vet" customer with MetroPCS since 2008 and had a V-Mobile phone on the side(when traveling)so I may be a little biased having dealt with V-Mobile before. When I saw this phone, I did some research and compared it to the LG Esteem w/ Metro. The comparison came pretty close, but V-Mobile is under Sprint= better connection so I said bye bye to Metro for good, and practically stalked this phone until I got it. I don't know WHY people weren't jumping at this phone when it was originally with Sprint. However, I love that V-Mobile picked it up, dusted it off, and decided to sell it to a happy customer such as myself. It is a litte big and may take some getting used to holding (when taking picture) but that's my only "con" with it.

I really like this phone. I have not had any problems with the errors popping up while trying to send text messages. I have had this phone for 6 months and aside from facebook running a little slow (occasionally) it has been a great phone.  it's a little heavy and I bought a case for it, so it's got a little more weight on it. But not a big deal.  I would recommend this phone. Call quality is good when you are in an area with decent service. I like that you can make this phone a Wi-Fi hotspot too. It powers my Kindle Fire and Ipod touch when I need to use the internet on those devices.  The battery does drain very quickly though. That might be my only complaint. You do have to charge it every night. Sometimes I even put it on the charger at work...it really depends how much I check my facebook or play words/phrases with friends during the day. So have a car charger or be near an outlet to charge it because it drains real quick.  But if that's not a big deal for you, I recommend this phone. I'm glad I bought it...I plan on using it for awhile : )

I've always been one that's been behind the curve when it comes to tech gadgets and this is especially true for phones.  I've been a Virgin Mobile customer for about 6 years now and I've never had a problem with their services.  I like their selection of phones but until a year and a half ago I didn't even bother looking at their smart phone selection.  I decided it was time for an upgrade and decided on this phone.  I am so happy with this phone.  I was also thinking about getting VM's Iphone, but after doing a little research I realized that everything that I needed was in this phone and for half the price of the Iphone.I consider myself an "Average Joe" and this phone has plenty of features for guys like me.  I'm happy just being able to text and play games just to waste time but add to that a number of other apps that help you navigate, find the cheapest gas in town, customize your own radio station, etc. and you've got it made.  TIP: Do a Google search for the top free Android phone apps and you'll come across a number of articles that will recommend all of the cool and necessary apps you'll ever need.  Add to this the fact that you can listen to music, utilize social networks on the go, mobile WiFi for your laptop, Bluetooth capability, and you realize that this phone has plenty of power to boot.  I enjoy the fact that I'm not tied down to long-term contracts and that's where Virgin Mobile shines.You do have to pay an extra $15/month for WiFi and the "unlimited data" is not really unlimited, 4G coverage will fluctuate depending on where you live, but all of that fades into the back when you have a phone with plenty of features at a great price.  Make sure you get the Laza Extended Battery, believe me, it pays for itself 10 times over!  The only downside is that they don't make an OtterBox case for the extended battery.  Before I got the extended battery I had the OtterBox Defender Series Hybrid Case and that thing was like a suit of armor for my phone.  Hopefully OtterBox will come out with a special Lazo Extended Battery case soon. I also got a ZAGG Invisible Shield for the face.  I had a ZAGG IS for my last phone and it did an awesome job of protecting that phones screen.  Oh, and don't forget a 32 MicroSD card upgrade for all the pics you'll be taking.  Techies and those that want top-of-the-line phones won't even bother, but for the "Average Joe" like me, I couldn't be happier.

This Phone blows away apple for the price period. The 35$ unlimited data blows verizon att tmobile and even sprints(virgins network) away too. A lot of blowing away here.

This Virgin Mobile EVO V 4G is awesome. I cannot think of a feature that it lacks. It takes advantage of 4G(LTE) when in tower coverage of 4G service,also has great software integrated Wifi management. A major software fix came out near the end of April 2013 that addressed that phone "locking up" or failing to connect in 3g mode with wifi on. Virgin & Sprint really fixed it because mine was going to go back. Kudos to them, I am glad, for the time being it is my "Galaxy". Having all of the features it does, it is no surprise that a major complaint now is battery time..No surprise.. With half a mind you can shut off the wifi,4G mode, and a few superfluous features and get 4-6 hours of texting,Gps,Talking out of it.  My solution was a 4500ma battery from Dino Enterprises....4500ma is a lot of juice!!! I can use my phone,watch Netflix,browse the hell out of it, and still last close to 27 Hours..... Say no more...Okay, it is double the thickness of an original unit,but so what... No more pocket chargers,battery backups, and constant paranoia of plugging my phone in every chance I can.... The gorilla glass is durable,but not unbreakable, as I've been lucky. It is a pretty sturdy unit. With the 8gig Micro card, I dont worry about space either.  Until I can get my Samsung dream phone, this will suit me just perfect. Now I see why Microsoft is using HTC for its premier units, quality..I've owned every brand out there the last 13 years, and am not impressed easily.. And here I stand with a $99 dream phone.(Sale price)BigDave

I'm not sure if it's the Virgin service or the phone. But when I dial a call it doesn't go through.Sometimes I have to dial 3 times. I also get cut out. And touch screens can be tricky, I accidently email, text, dial, very irritating. But it has many more options than I'm used to which is great. I wish Virgin offered a similiarly priced Blackberry. Hopefully that will return.Though for the price, and it's not the cost of an Iphone, it is pretty good. I don't like the idea of a contract and for about $60.00per month, I get unlimited phone service.  The quality is better than my old LD phone.I felt it was the best option for me on a limited budget.

Love my phone does everything I need it to do, and has more than enough space.  Would recommend it to anyone.

Build quality is good, screen is decent, 3D is cool. However, this phone is plagued with fluctuating signal issues. Also, it randomly, and quite frequently, fails to send texts or make and receive calls. This happened on my brothers EVO V as well. We have both returned ours. As a device, its OK, but as a PHONE, it fails. Big time.

thank you so much I appreciate the amazing condition the phone is in! Just absolutely amazing! Thank you so much

This phone is very cheaply made and has buggy issues.  I dropped it once with a case on and it started doing weird things.  It would call people, delete items and type by itself.  While it worked I had constant radio frequency errors and 3g connection issues.  There was no 4g coverage in my area.  The features of the phone were enjoyable but the constant struggling with the errors was very annoying and caused quite a bit of frustration.  Only got 2 stars because of the cool features, I really wanted to give it 1 star.

First thing to do with this phone: Head to androidforums, read their 'fix everything' thread. S-OFF and unlock, and root this phone, add a custom ROM and you're good. Overclock it all over, save battery, add features. Enjoy. It's a fast phone if you do it all right. Stock is fine, but it felt too limited for me. I usually run my phone at a max of 1.7 GHz and use a 4 MB cache for my SD card. I got the 2x Anker 1900 mAh battery pack with charger. I never run out of power. Always have a full spare in my pocket. With normal use, I can pull about 7 hours straight overall usage out of it. It all depends on what governor you end up using. I like interactive with the deadline I/O scheduler.The 3D features are really  a novelty, but I wish I could decide which sensor I want to take my 2D picture with, that'd be cool. I got it right before VM discontinued selling them on their site, for a $180 no contract phone, I couldn't be happier, except I'd LOVE if verizon had some unlimited data MVNOs...I live in a rural area and their LTE works great out here. Satellite internet is lame, so I tether quite a lot from my phone, as 3G is still more responsive, even after throttling.. But, for living at the very edge of 3G coverage, it's not bad, there's one spot in the house where i get 4 bars. in the city, wimax coverage is not too great. but, it doesn't seem to get throttled, so when i'm there, i take advantage.

Before I purchased this phone, I read a number of reviews on this page and elsewhere. It seemed everyone raved about it. Have I ever been misinformed. This phone is, without doubt, the worst cell phone I've ever owned and I mean back to my very first. It is undoubtedly the slowest phone on the market. I sat around with some guys at lunch the other day and asked everyone to take their phones and punch up a You Tube video. While the other four guys were watching the video, I sat there watching my phone loading and loading and loading. Now, after only about seven months of use, most of the touch pads no longer work. I can't answer a call, I can't back page. I usually keep it on a sleep setting of 30 seconds, but the phone will occasionally switch itself for some unexplained reason to "never shut of" and my battery is shot. Oh, and that long, long battery life that they kept raving about? Well, not on my phone. I downloaded a golf GPS app onto the phone and have to carry two back up batteries to get through a round of golf. Now, of course, that doesn't matter because the touch pads don't work and I can't get into the app. What an absolute piece of garbage!

I have had my Evo for 3 weeks, had to have it replaced because of texting/calling issues. Called HTC, they told me to call Virgin Mobile and tell them to 're-provision'  my account, which they did and it appears to have fixed the problem. Other than that, I love, love, love this phone.

Nice big screen, very nice loud and clear audio quality, decent battery life ( remember like all smartphones they suck batteries relatively quickly ). This is just a really solid and nice phone and Virgin Mobile just really rocks.I bought an extra battery and 2 HTC desk docks. One dock for home and one for my desk at work.Build quality is very good and solid. I got the plum ( purple ) colored version which looks really cool.WiMax 4-G works great in areas with coverage. The dedicated shutter button is great. The 3-D photos look really cool and are just really amazing. Not many phones can do the 3-D photos.The phone is fast and apps launch quickly with little delay. Switch between screens is flawless. Ice Cream Sandwich version of Android works perfect on this phone.The VM service is an excellent value and works great with no contracts or surprises. Activation went flawlessly on the VM Website. You can pretty much do everything on there yourself so you don't need to contact real people and wait and all that.I highly recommend VM and this phone. You will really love it. A great combination of phone and provider.

Now I am not a stranger to technology. I have tinkered around with other android devices like the Vizio Co-Star and other attempts to tell cable how I really feel about them, but this is my smartphone, android or otherwise. I don't talk a lot on the phone, but I did want the ability to get online on the go, price check deals, play games or something while waiting, and this fits the bill, nicely... mostly.I like the shape of the phone. I know others tell me it feels heavy, and it doesn't see too bad to me. I've tinkered around with it one handed for example. The screen looks great. The sound is pretty good. Expandable memory is a plus, and I have yet to install anything I can't run. There are some downsides though. The battery life is awful. If anything is going to get me to upgrade the device, it's this. I can't stand how short it is under even moderate use. I understand smartphones use a lot more energy, but compared to more expensive phones, you can really tell on this one. I've had to reset the phone a number of times, as in way too many times, especially when handling the WiFi. For reasons unknown, it will connect to my WiFi but not actually connect. It's a strange situation where it has an IP address but it's not online. It shows the the WiFI icon, but the are no bars. A reset fixes this. Occasionally the screen gets garbled, but only when transitioning or a window pops up. A reset usually fixes this.My biggest gripe of all, however, has nothing to do with the phone and everthing to do with Virgin Mobile. My experience with their customer service and porting a number was awful. We're talking no less than 6 to 8 transfers per call between two departments calling three days in a row until a problem, their error, was fixed. And in addition to that, the service here is slow. It's only 3G in my area, and while its better than nothing... I know I will be shifting away to a new provider and a new phone as a result.I will say that overall, I am generally happy with the phone, and I would consider HTC again once I find my new provider.

I really like this phone. It is very reliable and very few dropped calls if you are in sprint coverage area. You can get around the small lettering by going in to the preferences/ settings of each program to enlarge the size.

The screen is just right.Not to big but way bigger than my LG Optimus Q by straight talk. The 3D feature kind of hurts my eyes Though.

I don't understand all the negative reviews.  I have only had the phone for 3 days but I love it.  It is so much better than the motorola triumph.  Less glitches if any.  faster, more responsive.  Better sound quality!!!!  I like the different wallpapers and I love the calendar. I like that voicemail doesn't have to be dialed anymore.  I did purchase a bigger battery the Laza battery a lot of reviewers recommended.  Like that too, it does make a difference.

Haven't had the HTC very long but the phone and service I have recieved have been good. The phone has 4G capability however most of my connections have been 3G. I like the larger screen as well. Good phone and so far satisfied with the service from virgin mobile.

fits great awesome product always love my evo v 4g  . recomended it to anyone that wants to buy it love this.

I just Love this phone, great quality, great price, powerful for any app, and NO CONTRACT. You can't be beat on this one, and Virgin Mobile has not let me down with coverage yet...

First off. If you read the phamplet. It tells you not to hold the bottom or you will have dropped calls/ network issues.2. this phone is excellent unless you try installing illegal apps or what ever.__________________________________UPDATE_______________________________________After 3 or 4 months... It still works like new. Though I do got to admit there has been issues with Virgin Mobile calling service. Sometimes I am missing calls and sometimes I get errors while calling. Though it is not the issue of the phone. It is the phone provider. There is no issue what so ever with this phone. I will post another update for 6 months, 9 months, 12 months, and LTS.

The HTC Evo 3D 4g LTE further demonstrates what quality construction looks and feels like. Be careful when purchasing a used device, since you can't &#34;kick the tires&#34; you'll never know what gremlins are hiding under that touch screen.

I love this phone on Virgin Mobile. Switched from Sprint using a HTC Evo 4G. I now get 4G in more places and my stream doesn't freeze when trying to watch Netflix. Bought an extended battery (the one for an HTC 3d phone) and I can go 2 days on one battery charge on the unlimited internet and texting.

This would've been an excellent no-contract phone.  Have only had it three days and two of the days I've had no 3G or even telephone service from Virgin Mobile.  Other than that the phone itself has great features and works flawlessly on wi-fi. With no phone service from Virgin Mobile (or very undependable at best) I'd need to have a backup phone if I were to keep this thing.  A couple years ago I also tried Virgin Mobile and it was horrible.  Thought I'd give them one more try - lured in by this nice android.  I'm surprised they are still in business - taking people's money and not providing the service.  There should be a class action lawsuit for sure.UPDATE:  After pursuing the issue further with Virgin Mobile, I now have phone and 3G service.  I didn't make any modifications to the phone on my end - it was something at their end.  So, I am changing my review to 3*, instead of 1*.  If Virgin Mobile continues to provide the service I pay for in the next few months, I will update the review again and add another star or two.10/10/12 - LAST UPDATE:  I'm returning this phone.  Still have no service at all - for days in a row.  Just took a trip and had no phone or internet the entire time (in Chicago area). I am a VERY light user - average 25 calls per month, 1 or 2 texts per month max, and internet usage is very low also because I mostly use wi-fi, yet Virgin Mobile can't even supply this minimal amount of service.

I work in IT and have fixed computers for the past 15 years. Keeping up with gadgets and video games, etc, so I'm the goto guy for anyone that knows me when it comes to technology. Funny enough my last and only smartphone before this was a Palm Pre, then I had a crappy Kyocera dumbphone on Virgin Mobile for 2 years before that. So I have not played with the latest technology when it comes to phones, but I've always kept up by reading reviews of the latest phones coming out.When I bought this phone, Virgin Mobile's price was $189, but they were running a promotion for $139. A steal for a quality phone like this. If you have virgin mobile, and are wondering if you need to upgrade to a real smartphone, don't hesitate to get this. It's great. Don't buy into the Apple hype and get a last gen iPhone 4 or 4S, for the price of one iPhone a family of 3 could each have one of these!Basically, here's the highlights of what I like about this phone:Good things are, Android 4.0. As of this writing my phone has Android 4.0.3 I believe. About half the smartphones on Virgin Mobile are still coming with Gingerbread 2.3 Android, which in itself is not super bad, but for the small price difference, you might as well get the most up to date version you can, which is the 4.0. Basically this is a much improved version of Android, will be more future proof for applications and games to work with, and all in all this is what you want.HTC Quality of phones. I have always read that HTC phones are pretty quality. This is true for me. The phone feels heavy, but heavy in a quality way, that everything is sturdy and solid. I've been using the phone for a couple weeks without a case, and it's comfortable to hold, the back casing is a nice textured rubberized grip, no complaints with anything loose or falling off.Speakerphone quality is good, the speakerphone when talking to people is loud and clear. Listening to games or music is plenty loud, many time I have to turn the volume down a couple notches.Screen brightness is excellent, I usually have the brightness on the 1/3rd lowest brightness, and it's plenty bright. Turning on full brightness I'm almost afraid to look straight on at the screen so my eyes don't melt off.Technical stuff, the screen is a higher resolution then the Samsung Galaxy S2, the Evo 3D is 540x960 versus Samsung's 480x800. But the trade off is that the Evo is a LCD screen, versus the Galaxy s2 is a Super AMOLED....much better viewing angles, more vivid looking colors despite the lesser resolution.Then another bonus is the graphics processor in the Evo 3d is better than the Galaxy s2, which is cool since I wanted to see what kind of games I could get, and not be limited. There's some pretty snazzy games out there for Android, so far there's only been a handful of games that require Nvidia's Tegra chipset that I haven't been able to play. Also since the graphics processor is better, I'd figure that would have to account for better phone performance overall too, so it's a win-win.Camera and Camcorder: This is a great replacement for a point and shoot camera. Has bright LED lighting built in, quality is very good. Takes about 1 second per picture, and it has lots of built in "modes" where you can have goofy faces or change the lighting effects or whatever. Camcorder works great, again high quality 720p on a phone is just crazy!!!!-------------------------------Bad things:Battery life. All phones battery life we wish would last forever, but this phone especially is bad. Usually just sitting in my pocket at work for 8 hours doing nothing the phone will be at 30 % at the end of the work day. So getting a spare battery or extended life batter would be a good idea.--------------------------Conclusion:That's really about it. Call quality is good, sounds nice and clear like any other phone I've used, land line or cell phone. The crazy stuff you can do since it's a smartphone is just crazy, and everyday since I've had it I've just been customizing it, finding cool new apps or things to do with it. Get it!

This phone is awesome love the 3D camera. Also liked that the phone already comes with a micro sd card.

The phone is really really nice. My sister has it and she absolutely loves it. Although it is not worth the price they are asking for it. The features on the phone are absolutely top notch as of like last year. It's fast and smooth but definitely not worth over $175.

I  have had this phone for a little over six months. I could not be happier with the phone and the service from Virgin Mobile. I have found the HTC Evo V 4G to be as responsive as the Galaxy S II available with Virgin Mobile but at a lower cost. The screen quality is excellent and, to me, better than  the Galaxy S II.  I  have had no issues with Virgin Mobile's service and would recommend them  to anyone looking to escape the high cost and long contracts of the major carriers - I was with AT&T for 15 years and have no regrets in changing service.

I've switched from the Motorola Triumph to the HTC Evo V, and have to admit the Evo V is much better than the Triumph.  The screens are nearly identical in size with the Evo V being a little bit bigger.  The Evo V touch screen responds quickly compared to the Triumph which was not.  I like the switch so far, and would recommend the HTC EVo V.  Vir gin Mobile requires an upgrade in plan service to use the HTC Evo V.  I was on a basic twenty-five plan, and had to increase to thirty-five.  This is a great phone for the cost of service, compare to eighty or nighty per month. I like the camera that takes 3 or 2D pictures, along with great quality video camera features.  Great phone, with a great service rate plan.

Bought the first phone in Nov. Returned it cause the battery wouldn't hold a charge! Returned the second phone in Jan. Same problem & the phone would get VERY hot!!

I had been using a Samsung Presedent from another no-contract company.  I was planning to purchase a book reader but I also wanted a better phone that didn't cost a fortune.  I did a search on Amazon for no contract phones and this one came up.  I did some research and asked a friend at work who has one.  I finally ordered it a couple weeks ago and I'm so happy I did! I like the size of it.  It's perfect for book reading and it's also a nice size for videos/TV.  I downloaded the Hulu+ app and am enjoying it.  I also love that this phone is a mobile hotspot.  It's perfect for what I need it for.  I actually cancelled my Comcast internet.  All in all, my bill with insurance and mobile hot spot is $55.  Not too bad for unlimited data and texting.Anyway, I'm very happy with the phone and the service!

I like this phone. it is more durable compared to the Samsung S3. the only problem is that the power button is really hard to be pressed

This phone is nothing more than a paper weight. It cannot connect to the network and therefore cannot send or receive texts or phone calls. This is a known issue and virgin has no intention of fixing. It did not stop working until after the 30 day return period had expired. Search &#34;Radio Interface Resource Shortage-Cause Code 64, Error Class 2&#34; it has been going on since 2011, starting with the HTC 3d from sprint. I am pretty sure when people return the phone, VM just repackages it hoping the 30 days will expire before the next customer returns it. I have spent over 10 hours dealing with this issue. VM is a bunch of liars. One rep leads you through a bunch a steps like reseting... then they transfer you to someone who has no record of the issue and tells you a different reason why it is occuring,,, and leads you through the same BS. I cannot believe I just bought 2 of these ($500+) paper weights, What a bunch of crooks!!!

i would recommend this to friends. this is the best phone i have had in a long time. the price was right.

That's what you need to keep in mind when buying accessories: HTC EVO 3D, not the HTC EVO 4G.  Product is actually listed as "HTC EVO V 4G" and the "V" is crucial in getting the right accessories.On the up side, an older phone means cheaper accessories.  I'm new to no-contract, and as this was Virgin Mobile's only 4G phone, I didn't expect it to be just a firmware re-fresh of last year's model.  The 3D capability is now down-played, a feature which would have been a definite turn-off for me.This is my first smart-phone--I don't claim to be a power user, so maybe this is all obvious to *ahem* younger users, but I wish I had known.Still, it works as advertised.  I'm not thrilled at how much thicker it is than the newest models.  Battery life is as bad as any other Android, hence the need for ordering extras with an external charger.Not a bad choice as long as you know what you're getting..If you look at images of the HTC EVO 4G LTE, you'll notice one, not two camera lenses.

I bought this phone for my son who was going on a band trip to Chicago.  This phone is fantastic!  He was able to take great pics of all the places he went.  I'm thinking about getting one for myself!

Everything about this phone is good! the Camera takes nice photos and the 3D mode is really fun to mess with! One problem is the battery life was longer, i would say grab a ultra speed 64 microsd card put your music on it then grab a extended battery to turn it into the Ultimate Phone

But then it seemed like it developed a mind of it's own. It worked great for the first two weeks. Then it started turning itself off...often. After 4 weeks it stopped working completely. I liked all it's features, especially the hotspot, however, a phone won't work if you can't turn it on. Afraid to try another one. Will go back to my reliable Samsung Galaxy phone.

This is my first high end android phone. I was very excited to get this phone at first. I ordered online from best buy. My first HTC EVO V had a dead pixel so I had to return it, my second HTC EVO V had a dead pixel and the vibrate function did not work so I had to return that one!, the third phone had another dead pixel in the screen. I am now on my 4th HTC EVO V and I'm very disappointed!. I constantly get this notification titled "Radio Interference" it doesn't matter where I am or what time it is, this notification pops up randomly and when it pops up, I can't send or receive messages or even call. I've done research on this problem and it seems to be something that is wrong with this particular phone. It's a deal break for me, especially when I am waiting on calls from work and the "Radio Interference" notification is on my phone I can't receive any calls, then an hour later I have a voicemail that I had no idea even existed. Besides all that this phone has alot of pro's. The camera is pretty good and the 3D is fun to play around with. The Android 4.0 OS is very easy to use and highly customizable with apps!. The battery life is decent, it depends on what you do on your phone for that day. If you use it for only texting and have your screen at 50% it will last you a whole day. High end games from the app store seem to run pretty good. Overall I'd give this phone about 3 out of 5 stars. If it wasn't for all the problems I had when first purchasing the phone and the constant "Radio Interference" notifications this phone would be perfect. I wouldn't  recommend this phone, i'd save up for a better one because from my experience it's pretty much like rolling the dice, there is a 50-50 chance you will get a decent phone or a bad one with either dead pixel problems or the vibrate function not working or even the very frustrating "Radio Interference problem".

The battery is really bad. It only lasted for an hour with music, videos and gaming. Freezes most of the time. For first six months it worked well but without getting freezed but battery was still bad.

I'm usually a very careful consumer but in this case, I needed a Christmas present within the week and forgot to read the reviews. I did so after I had ordered the phone and was horrified to hear about all these "Radio Interface Resource Shortage." I hoped for the best and gave her the phone. She took it to work and spent all of the slow day setting it up, never realizing by that night that she hadn't received one call or text. She came home and tested a call with her new EVO and sure enough "RADIO INTERFACE RESOURCE SHORTAGE." BRAND NEW Phone and she can't make one phonecall or text. Obviously, this has been a very disappointing present for her and I now I have to return the phone and find a way to compensate this ridiculous Christmas gift.I also noticed the brand new battery that came with this phone is a dud. We've left the phone off and on a table a whole day supposedly fully charged. When I tried to turn it on again the next day, it was out of juice.And what smartphone doesn't come with a headset?? Seriously, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. There's a lot of gimmicky features but if it can't even make a simple phone call or text, it's just a data-hogging brick.

This phone is junk.  Had this phone for 11 months now and after 8 months it started petering out baad .I can't use the right side of my phone on portrait mode and now phone has this dead spot in the screen...don't buy this phone seriously...and don't ever expect to use the 4g

The sms error is very annoying. Hopefully there is a fix. The vibration feature tens to stop working after multiple texts. Over all great phone with great features. I can't return it for another so I'm not sure what I will do.

The first thing I noticed about this phone is how heavy it is.  That was a negative but I liked the phone as it was an upgrade from my little slider and the voice reception on speakerphone was great.  However, I have to rate this phone 1 star for the following reasons:  The battery life is absolutely terrible.  If you google htc evo 5 extended battery you'll see for yourself.  I have tried a brand new battery and have the same result.  It drains very quickly.  It drains quick even when you don't use it.  If you use the net or the camera the battery will be drained in no time.  Over the holidays I had my phone fully charged and as soon as I started taking a couple of pictures it started draining to battery warning.  I had only taken 2 to 3 pictures and was already at half power.  The phone has a 3 d camera but those just turn out really distorted and hard to look at.The operating system is ok but the voice control is very frustrating.  I can't voice in a text without numerous errors that end up making typing it out the only option.  Also, the camera has high pixels but the photos come out blurred.  When you are aiming the camera even trying to hold it absolutely still, it still goes in and out from blurred to clear.  It's a total crapshoot when you hit the shutter.  When it does take a good picture they're great but 80 percent of mine were bad either blurred or they would be incredibly dark.  You can hold the phone at the same object and it will flip back and forth to light to real dark.So although just looking at the specs it seems like a great value I found this phone to be very problematic.  My friend with an iPhone was taking great pictures, surfing the net continuously, and had no problems with battery life.So there you go.  Biggest problem: battery (tried 2) problems makes the phone non functional and photos are very hit and miss.  I got a clear focused one maybe 1 out of 5 times.  Oh and I tried the hotspot and although the phone is fairly fast on the net when you do the hotspot the connected device was very slow.

I've had this phone for 6 weeks and so far I am quite happy with it. I do have that "radio interface" issue that others have spoke about but not all that often. There is always something annoying about every smart phone so if this is the worst issue, I can live with it. Hopefully a firmware/software update is down the road to fix it.This phone is lightening fast, great POP email service, gmail, calendar, and internet. I have great 4G coverage here in Southwest Ohio. Downloads are very fast, every app you could ever want/need, and wifi is great. FOR $35 bucks a month so much better than a similar contract plan for $80. I don't use more than the 2.5 GHZ of data before they throttle you down to slower speeds so I cannot comment on that service. I also do not do a great deal of phone talking but the 50-60 minutes a month I use have had good quality. I upgraded from the Samsung Intercept and that phone seems like a toy compared to this HTC. I 'll check back down the road and give an update as to how it's holding up after some longer term usage.Update as of 11/20/12. An update downloaded and fixed the "radio interface shortage" so many people had issues with. Now almost 2 months of using this phone and I am still extremely happy. Currently I have no issues with this phone- it works great!

Poor design running on the poor Wi-max network. Goes from 3g to 1g in about a second and only takes 3 seconds to go from full bars to none. In the 9 months I had the phone I got to use 4g on the phone for about 5 minutes when I was in Greensboro North Carolina. 4g signal kept breaking up like the 3g to 1g thing I had the entire time I had this phone. But instead it was 4g to 3g. Takes forever to send and receive text messages. HTC sense is such a poor launcher that it takes 30 seconds to come out of an app and back onto the main screen. Also Google tried to fix the radio interface problem and it worked for about 8 months and then I started having the problem again. Back to the launcher problem I was having I downloaded Nova launcher and it improved the phone significantly. Default browser is crap. It saves all of the tabs and doesn't close any of them so I had to download an external browser to acquaint for the poor default browser. Navigation system says "GPS signal is lost" every 5 minutes when on a trip. This is the one of the worst reviews I have written for anything. Also customer service @ Virgin mobile is very very poor I talked to a rude representative when I was getting my Dads phone activated. I believe this is a bad choice and wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone. Bought the HTC Evo SV 4G LTE from boost mobile. Has a much higher rating...

I know this review is long, but it encompasses my entire experience with this phone and service so far.  My intent is not to be verbose as much as it is to be completely thorough.  I hope it helps someone else avoid what I went through.To start, prior to buying this phone, I was with ATT&T; for over 12 years straight.  Sometimes they billed me incorrectly, or caused an error, but it was usually corrected pretty promptly and with little difficulty.  I switched only because the cost of service had simply gotten too high.---I ordered my Virgin HTC Evo 4g from Virgin Mobile at the end of November from Virgin's website.  I received it on Dec 1, 2012.  The phone would not connect to the network.  I tried using the internet for about an hour to connect through the portal, and use the automatic setup on the phone itself, neither worked.  So, I called tech support.  After an hour, they told me that it would take up to 72 hours for me phone to connect to the system, due to my number being ported.I have worked in the cell phone industry for years, and know that we always tell customers that it may take up to 72 hours, but I have never had a customer even leave the store without their phone being functional after a port--even with other Virgin mobile accounts.  Apparently mine was different.  After a full 72 hours my phone did start working.Withing the first couple days I noticed several things:1-battery life was atrocious. This was not my first smart phone, and I am used to a new phone battery lasting a full day with normal use.  This one lasts a full day with VERY light use, even using the GPS once will reduce the battery very substantially;2-Repeatedly, the phone will show a "Radio Resource Interference" error. When this happens the phone will stop working;3-If 4G is turned on (I am sure that there is actually no functionality to this "feature"--it is more like a switch to make my phone not work), then I am not able to make any calls, or use the internet functionality of my phone.  I have sometimes tried a call 20 times (showing full bars) yet when I turn 4G off, the phone works again;4-When 4G is on, occasionally an icon will appear in the notifications area telling me 4G is available. When this happens it will ask you to tap to see 4G service options-when you tap, nothing happens;5- I might be alone on this, but the HTC Sense shell that they have over Android is terrible-even the phone book is super-confusing (once again, I am pretty much an android power user). For instance, there are multiple entries on my phone book due to using several google accounts.  When you click the de-duplicate option, it says that there are no duplicates, even though there are tons.  The Camera has no function I have found to turn the loud shutter sound off.  I always feel that I must be missing something obvious, but there is no way to simply tap the address bar to type in a url in the included web browser.  You actually have to tap and erase the url character-by-character in order to type in a new one (I simply use dolphin browser instead).  There is no way to turn off the notification bar's list of last used programs. When you click on the clock it takes you to World Time, instead of the alarm--and you can't adjust this. The voice search option in the phonebook is totally useless, even though in my last android it worked almost miraculously.6- I have full bars maybe 10% of the time--no matter where I go.  Maybe 75% of the time I have 1 or 2--despite Virgin's coverage map showing full green for almost everywhere I go.I am not a picky person, by the way.  I loved my last phone and had virtually no complaints--there are things that I would have changed about it, but nothing is perfect, right? I am doing my best not to compare this phone to my last one, though.So, after about a week and a half of trying it out, I called tech support.  The tech told me that this was a common issue they were having with all of the Evo 4G's (the Radio Interference and reception, and 4G issues), and that it was something we could fix.  He told me to take the battery out for 15 seconds, and then put it back in.  Then dial ##clear# and do a reset.  Then the phone would reconnect and update.  Then it would work perfectly.  He said he would call me back in a few minutes, after I did the process to see if it worked. I did all of this, and waited to see if it would solve the problem.  He did not call me back.The problems were not fixed, if not actually made worse.  Some days I might get the error message once.  Some days it would happen literally every 30 seconds, making loud error honk noise that you cannot disable.  I waited about 3 days to test and troubleshoot.I called again and went through all of the same issues.  The technician took my wife's phone number down and said he'd call me when she got home to troubleshoot the problem.  When she got home, I waited.  When it got to be 9PM, over an hour and a half after he said he'd call, I called them.  I went through all the same things as I had each time.Finally, the tech told me that he'd send me a replacement phone.  He told me that when I got the phone it would not have a back cover, battery, or charger.  I should use the ones from my current phone.  I asked him if this meant that they were sending me a refurbished phone.  He said yes. I told him that since I had purchased a new phone, I should get a new phone and not a used one. He said that that was the only option, unless I mailed my phone back, then they would refund me, and I could buy a different phone.  I thought this was also unacceptable, as that meant going for at least a week with no phone at all.  I asked to speak to a supervisor.The supervisor reiterated what I had just been told by the technician.  I was annoyed and inconvenienced  but not angry--especially since none of these people actually caused my problem.  I never get angry or irate.  I expect to be treated respectfully, so I treat them that way too.  In this case, I told him that these were unacceptable answers and that I wanted to speak with his supervisor.  He told me that I could not talk to anyone higher than him, but I could email a general feedback email address if I wanted.  I told him that I would think about my options and consider changing to a different service.  I told him that I definitely didn't want to have a refurbished phone sent to me.  He confirmed that the order for that had been cancelled and annotated.I received a refurbished phone in the mail 2 days later.  Though I did not want this, and was told it would not be sent, it looked to be in great condition, and all I wanted was a working phone anyway, so I tried it.  This phone had the exact same problems, plus the visual voice mail did not work.  It always said I had no messages, even though there were messages.  I had to dial my voice mail every time in order to receive them.To be fair, it did seem to have slightly better reception, and that when 4G was on it only occasionally would not make calls or connect to the internet.  These problems still persisted, but were about 50% better.I called tech support again about 2 days later (yesterday).  First  I went through the battery, ##clear#, phone reset, reboot process (this is what you should do before your call so that you won't have to waste time on the call--they will always tell you to do this). The tech told me that he would have to talk to me using a different phone.  I told him that this was my primary line, and that I would not have a different phone until after my wife go home.  He said he could call me back if I gave him her number, at the preset time.He actually did call me back. The technician spent over an hour with me, trying to fix this problem.  At the end of our call, I tested my phone.  Any call that I attempted led to an error message that said "You are not authorized to make this call."  The technician told me that it would take up to 4 hours for my phone to work through the network.  I was not happy about that, but he said that there was nothing he could do.This morning, I still could not make calls, even to customer service.  I called back and talked to a different technician.  Each time that I call, they have me do the same process, ##clear#, turn the phone off and on, take the battery out, do a phone update, etc.  This never works.  The technician told me, after nothing worked, that she was going to escalate the situation further, and that I would get a call back.  I asked how long this would take, and she said 4 days.I told her that 4 days was highly unacceptable, and I wanted to talk to a supervisor, that I wasn't mad at her, but I was unsatisfied.  She said that she would transfer me, and then hung up on me.I called back,  and asked to talk to a supervisor immediately.He was very helpful, understanding, and told me that he made lots of notes and would be escalating the problem.  Since this was my primary phone, he told me to call back and ask for the Rescue Department whenever I could and they would report to me what has happened.  He also said that I would be compensated.  He also indicated that problems like this could be why they decided to reduce the price of the phone in the first place.  I said that it would have been more reasonable to pull the phone from the market entirely if it didn't function properly.We will see what happens. I am reporting this entire process to the FCC.  I rely on a cell phone for business, and am losing money both by having paid for a service that I am not receiving, for taking my time repeatedly to call tech support (at my count a total of 9 times, almost every time for over an hour, once for 2 hours and 15 minutes--this is not counting the times they have hung up on me in transferring a call), but also because I need my phone in order to make money for my job.I cannot think of a time when I have received as poor customer service as I have with this phone and with Virgin Mobile as a service.

Transition from iPhone to this was easy, except for the battery life.  My Macbook can detect it and allow for transfer of pictures.  That said, HTC Evo V 4G has a terrible battery life, even when it was sitting on a desk, with Wifi, GPS and 4G off.  I have to recharge EVERY DAY.  An extra power cord or battery should be included.  Otherwise, it has more options than I need, especially if life is to be experienced beyond the parameters of a touchscreen ....

I have been avoiding the cell phone and especially &#34;smart phones&#34; because i could not justify the cost for a toy. Now that I need one and Virgin mobile is close to reasonably priced, I decided to go for it. I still have loads of catching up on the basics to learn but so far I am pretty happy with this phone.

This phone is perfect I never had a problem with it. The 3d features is good can't play 3d games only it on sprint version. It comes with 1gb of use but, you can add all gamez to sd card even 2gb games new phones can't.  I have a phone that has 5gb for apps but no move to sd opinion.  New phones for virgin mobile are better with the 4g lte. You can't. Move to sd so I have to go back to the htc 3d. I miss the touch scren is sensitive never failed me only bad thing is battery but with a 5$ extended battery. I found on amazon its badass. Of course the s3 is badass but, you can use only 9.5gb yea it says 16gb some get used for other stuff. the Lg f3 phone is cool since its 16 hours of talk time but, not for me if it was a 32gb phone.

There is a software issue with this phone. DO NOT BUY. Constantly getting errors about ' Radio Interface Resource Shortage'. I've tried all the work-arounds and nothing works. I'm returning my one and getting something else

Purchased and activated my Evo 3D on Oct 31st. Its Nov 11 and i cant't wait to return this Phone (Purchased new through Amazon) Phone seems to act up most when i'm texting. I have to restart it about 5 times a day do to it just loosing signal at random.  Signal will not return untill i restart the phone. ##clear# update profile update PRL. Tried all the fixes; problems percist. I tought i would be one of the lucky ones that didn't get a dud. I was wrong. Probably going to leave Virgin Mobile for good after this incident. The best phone I've ever had. Hardware wise i mean. Didn't want to risk this problem again so i'm going with another provider and sadly a different phone.

I really like my phone.  I have been using it for several months, and have not had any issues.  The only real problem I have had so far concerns the navigation.  While on a recent trip.  It could not charge faster than it consumed power while the navigation was on.

I upgraded from an iPhone 3Gs 16gb that was on AT&T; for 2 yrs & then was on Straight Talk for the past year. I sold it for $115 & bought the HTC Evo 3D 4G from Virgin Mobile for $149 (Sprint's No Contract carrier that uses the Sprint network) via Walmart.com. Here is a quick list of my observations (or the good & the not so good).The Good1. The phone itself comes with ICS (Android 4.0.3) and HTC's Sense 3.6 - the 1.2 GHz snapdragon processor is blazing fast. The UI & features are excellent. Google Maps allows for talking in an address and immediately looking up the address with street view showing the location (and giving directions). It just may replace my GPS (I bought a separate USB cradle for charging and it works great for sitting on a dashboard when docked). Action is smooth and the "live" weather background is like "dreamscene" in Windows Vista Ultimate with the clouds moving like you are flying. Awesome eye candy. The phone reception is strong (much better than iPhone & the AT&T; network).2. The battery is the weakness, but I purchased the extended battery so this is not an issue. I prefer having a phone I can hold onto instead of it being super thin (it helps if the phone is dropped when combined with a rubber shell as the screen is less likely to shatter) so the extended battery and replacement back helps immensely.3. The wifi is crazy fast, and 4G (wimax) is also fast (a huge difference when compared to 3G).4. Skype video is awesome (who needs facetime????).5. The ability to transfer from the old phone to the new phone regarding contacts and data via Bluetooth (and a wizard) is crazy good.6. Very easy setup to Facebook, email, etc.-------------------------------------------------The not so good1. The controls on the screen are very "touchy" and you have to hold the phone in a certain way to ensure it isn't going nuts opening apps/tasks).2. The side mini usb port is poorly designed (it looks like it could break easily). I am just extra careful with it (versus the Apple port on the iPhone which is more durable).Overall, a great phone for using for email/messaging, phone/voice calls, playing with apps, multi-tasking, etc. Much like a PC or laptop, I know this isn't like a VCR and "just works" when being turned on. I know when the O/S (Android) is having a hiccup, I just shut down / restart (when in doubt, reboot). I rarely have to do that (no more than I did with my previous iPhone). For the money, this is a HUGE bang for the buck (for $45 a month for unlimited data - unlimited messaging - and 1,200 minutes call time). And yes, I know Sprint throttles data.... but at the 2.5 GB point, I understand (which is why the Wi-Fi aspect helps keep that data usage down and I get fast speeds when I do need it).HTC EVO V 4G Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile)-------------------------------------Update 1 - The phone is exceeding my expectations. It is definitely the best bang for the buck on the market.

I am very impressed with this phone. It's fast, has a beautiful display, a lot of nice features & is pretty simple to use. I'm glad I invested in this item. It was well worth the money.

I actually really liked Virgin for the first 4 months or so.  Now, the calls just keep dropping and text messages do not get sent.  I called the center but all they ask me to do is to reset my phone.  I done this so many times that I don't know what else to do.

This is by far the best phone for virgin mobile!! I didn't buy it through amazon, I went to best buy but I have had no problems with this phone..great buy at 300$ because the monthly rates are so low.  This phone finaly allows you to use the real sprint network and not the throttled VM network.  I get 2.5MB with the 3G network!!! I'm on long island in New York right outside the city .  Sound quality is awesome with headphones!!! Better than iPod, screw beats audio this sound enhancer is incredible!!  If your worried about the battery life, check out my review on the 3980 mah extended battery for this phone..it is truly amazing!  I ask if this review helped at all please check like..thank :)

There are confirmed bugs in the software that prevent the phone from texting or sending/receiving calls *sometimes*. This doesn't happen as often as it does for some as it does for others. I get it probably once a day but i also live in a low service area. The problem is associated with service strength for sure. It can happen in higher service areas but it definitely more prevalent in low service areas. That being said, when I have a problem I just reboot the phone and everything works fine. I expect no official fix from virgin mobile or HTC, but I am hopeful that the developers can put out something that'll fix everything. I really don't have the error that often so it's not a huge deal to me. The hardware on this phone is awesome. This is the best phone on virgin mobile.

this phone does everything I wanted. I'm learning how to conserve the battery longer because it can do so much.

I am very happy with my Evo V... it does everything as other reviews have described, and it has lived up to my expectations as well.  There are only two things for which I have a small problem with...1.  Phone audio is a little low for me to hear the notifications.  I've since installed an app called Speaker Boost from Google Play, and it seems to help, though it still isn't as loud as compared to the Optimus Elite.2.  Not a big fan of 3D, and when looking at the pics, it does make my eyes sore from staring at it too long.  So for the most part, I just stay with 2D images.  The pictures are nicer as compared to my Elite.  Sadly though, 3D pics or movies can't be sent via text, as the phone reverts the images into 2D mode for transmission purposes.All in all, the Evo V is a nice upgrade from the Elite.  I love the bigger screen, and yet, the phone is still manageable to be held with one hand while typing.  Another aspect that I love, is that when I receive a voicemail, I don't have to dial in to retrieve the messages, all I have to do is access the voicemail icon, and it plays back the missed messages.  How cool is that?  For me, it's awesome!!!!  ^_^

all of you people who are charging over 200 dollars for this phone are crazy. the last time it was on virgins website it wasn't more than 170 brand new. and some of you want 225 for a used one. don't pay any more than 130 for a good used one. trust me.

Phone has periods where it does not dial out. It is not the network because we have multiple phones on this network.

A terrrible phone! The picutres were difficult to use! The phone is too heavy! I have already gotten rid of it much to my dismay! I would not recommend it to anyone!!!

I like everything about this phone except the fact my speaker crackles and the phone is brand new. I googled the issue and it is a problem for the Evo, I am assuming the Evo V same thing. If Im using an app like voxer or even when replaying my home videos it crackles. I tried lowering the volume and it helped with the voxer app, but then I can't hear too well. I would replace it but with my luck I feel I would have the same problem with the next phone.. Ugh.. I am not sure if I want to chance it, so I might just return it to Radio Shack where I got it.

why would i pay 10 dollars more for this phone when its only 180$ on the virgin mobile website?!?!Come on people, just buy it from the actual website.

As advertised.  Works well.  Great phone that has a lot of features.  Has 4G which works well plus 3D camera.

Thank You so much for this great phone! I'm very pleased with this phone and the price! I'd recommend this phone to any potential buyer. It has many great features and is at a affordable price!

this phone is absolute CRAP! do not purchase it, you have been warned. just research the web for "HTC EVO 3D reboot" and you will see what i am talking about. i have owned the following android phones: HTC EVO, HTC Thunderbolt, LG Optimus Slider, and now HTC EVO 3D (EVO V 4G). they have all been crap and i have had issues with them all. i even tried custom ROMs to see if that would make some them more stable with no joy. i never had any problem with my iPhones. i want to like android phones so bad because i like the SD card, free turn by turn directions, free apps that are normally paid apps from the apple store, etc. because of my experiences, i am done with android phones. for a company to keep selling these faulty devices is BS.

I will start off by saying I have been a LONG time customer of Verizon,and I do mean A LONG time customer,but lets face it,they along with AT&T; are getting greedy with their rates and even with heavily discounted service through my work I STILL pay $150 a month for unlimited data(yeah,and they are trying REAL hard to get me to upgrade so I lose the 'unlimited'part)limited texts and limited voice minutes,were I to have unlimited everything it would be +$200 per month,so decided to look elsewhere,I was dubious about Virgin but know the phone(the original was from AT&T; and friends at work have had them a year or more)and seems reliable,(or as re;iable as a phone can be)..........now(and I hope the ladies dont think I am being smart,BUT,my wife LOVES to flap her gums and talks for hours on the phone with friends,(then goes to visit them,go figure!!!!!!!!)so goes through ALOT of minutes,so this unlimited really appeals to me,so I bought her this phone as a trial run,(I figure its a good gamble,no contract etc)and I have to say we have had no problems with calls in or out like other reviewers have noted,the 4g works great(I did read all reviews so spent a few more bucks for an extended life battery that works well)........the internet works very well although I havent sprung the $15 extra a month to use it as a mobile hotspot,if I do I will update this review.The 3 g works well also,ahvent tried the wifi yet but will update as I try these things out.I live in Baltimore so am guessing that is why the service is good and havent dropped a call yet,(I am sure it will happen as even the mighty Verizon it happens.The phone is large but comfortable to use,I did note the manufacturer states not to hold the phone at the base as that interupts the signal as this is,apparently,where the ariel is,(why it isnt located in the top same as other phones I am not sure,just surmising it is due to all the goodies loaded in it),..................IF you are switching from a NON Android phone it will take alittle while to get used to,had no problems transferring contacts,picture and video from her Blackberry,used the bluetooth,which ofcourse,is quick and she is set up,havent had any phone 'freezing'as noted by other reviewers,so am happy about that.I am an 'a typical guy',dont use many minutes..........maybe 30 or so in a month,just rely on the usual neanderthal grunts.As I noted,the phone is large,but not ridiculously so,comfortable to use and to me,I really like the screen size,comes loaded with alot of apps I will rely on my 12 yr old niece to inform me of what they are and if I will need to use them!Phone feels substantial not heavy not light,I DO agree with another reviewer,the back case does come off alittle too easy but purchasing a protective case did remedy that minor irritant quickly,a word to the wise,it IS wise to buy a car charger too for those who talk and text alot over the period of the day.(that and the extended life battery were my first add ons for my good lady),now IF this is to be your first Android phone,be advised these ARE inelligent type phones and do alot of things automatically,ie when transferring contacts,pictures and video from another phone it will allocate them accordingly.............took me awhile after using my beloved Blackberry for so long but got up to speed ewith the basics REALLY quick and a visit to the HTC website made me realise this IS a good operating system,I am no boffin just an average Joe so somethings were hit or miss but picked it up after a couple of OOOFER moments.I would advocate buying directly from the Virgin website as if you dont like the phone you can return it within 30 days(other places like retail store will smirk at you and decline the return in most cases as the box is 'open',or buy from Amazon if they sell these or are fulfilled by Amazon,if not,check the return policy before buying incase this phone is not for you.I purchased this direct from Virgin as they are offering 20% off for awhile and have a good return policy.Customer care is the typical Sprint(not great).In closing we are currently happy with this phone but will update over time to follow up after having used this for 6+months and thereafter.Amazon has PLENTY of accessories for these to cater to nearly every taste,just pay attention to what you buy as the HTC models are often seperated by a single letter.Short update.....................came home to find an annoyed wife,the phone switches to sleep mode after sometime of inactivity,same as a computer,so the pwr button wont wake it back up so she had to pull the battery.................quickest solution(as I DO read instructions) is to go to settings>display>never off and now all is good in the world with my good lady,still havent found any flaws in the phone like some other reviewers,phone,text and internet work fine as does the wifi and 4g/3g.Will update as I go.

What's not to like?  Calls sound good. WiFi connects reliably. Beautiful display.  Great battery life, all day before needing to be charged.  I added a 32GB MicroSD card, can't do that on some other phones.Very pleased with this phone.  And Virgin Mobile has great data plans.

I've had this phone for over a year now.  I could upgrade, but I won't.  It's the best phone I've ever had.  I absolutely love it.  It's strong, runs everything, very few errors/app crashes, and goodlooking.  The only thing I can complain about is the battery life.  Unless it's idle, it dies after about two hours.  I have to carry a charger with me everywhere.  I'm going to try and get a new battery, and hopefully that will solve the problem, because I don't want to replace this phone.  Highly recommend it.

This phone is alright, the service for it is even better BUT! I have had this phone for 2 years and its hard to let it go I'm always on it, like right now I have sent this phone in 3 times there is a major issue with the screen always messing up with in 3 months after getting it, if your a big data user, texting and stuff this phone will drive you crazy.. be aware if you get this phone you will have screen issues..

Great phone just what my mom wanted, works great and is a perfect size she has no trouble with it

Seriously. I switched from my lovable Samsung Reverb for this. Ugh. I was getting a voice mailbox error, spent six hours over three evenings talking with VM customer support. (Very nice people, horrible Hold stuff to listen to.) I eventually had to switch to a NEW phone number and went back to my Reverb. Now the only problem I have is due to some outage somewhere. I have a 20 second delay for calling out and others have a 20 second delay calling me. Once the number is dialed, it takes 20 seconds before you hear a ringing and the call is in the process of being connected.On to the HTC Evo V 4G. What is the purpose of taking a photo in 3D? Is it just me or is this worthless? (Maybe it's just me.) What I didn't like is that there is a slide button on the right side to take either 2D or 3D. Why? Why couldn't this just be a setting in the photo app?One of the biggest dislikes is that the ringer volume and the notification volume are tied together. It's not an ICS thing, it's an HTC thing. I prefer to have the ringer volume turned up so I can hear it ringing in my purse or pocket, but I have the notification volume turned down, because that isn't as important to me. I had the HTC One V before the Reverb and that was my biggest gripe with that too.What I DID like is the FM receiver. To be honest, this is my reason for switching from the Samsung Reverb to this phone. (And the fact that it was only one hundred thirty nine dollars at the VM website.) The TVs at the gym all have radio stations to dial into in order to listen to them. While I mostly watch Netflix on the phone while doing cardio, I might want to watch a show on the TV. I figured the HTC Evo V 4G would do that plus watch Netflix, etc.  The FM receiver isn't advertised as included with the phone, but the app can be downloaded at the Android Forums via this post: [...] (You'll have to copy and paste the link.)You have read the bad reviews. Believe them. Go with the Samsung phone - either the Reverb or the SII.

Virgin Mobile operates under sprint's networkand so far im impressed @ the 4G im getting 15Mb/s sometimes 20Mb/s i get full 4g bars @ home but when somewhere else 1-2 but still it does 10 - 7Mb/sAs for battery life it sucksBut for extra 20$ you can get a 3460Mah battery that lasts for 2 days and you can leave 4g on and watch YouTube all day etc.This is the battery you need to last for many days even maybe 20X than the Original BatteryLaza Zcell 3460mah HTC Evo 3D Extended Battery + CoverElse if your just a person who just checks Facebook once awhile and don't stream too much then the Original battery is okay for you.3G is Ok i guess (Sprint is working on it with network vision)I love the speed of the phone it just flies i have an iPhone 4 and this is way faster than it and it seems WAY smoother than my iPhone 4 with iOS 6 on itI like the Android ICS and the Google Play and i just love how this phone handles on 3D and gaming and even just plain old games.5/5 For thisBefore you buy this phone check @ Clear ( just google clear wire and click the top link and click coverage)for 4G coverage if your covered there then your covered with 4G on this phone because Sprint uses Clearwire's WiMAX towers.

I have had this phone for about 2 months now and for the most part I really love it.PROS:- The screen is big, beautiful and the touch response is really amazing! Much better than my last 2 phones (Samsung & Motorola)- Fast processor. Even when I'm not connected to WiFi this phone whips through web pages with no problem.- Turn by turn GPS. This feature is AWESOME! Always been accurate and you can set it to speak the directions out loud to you (like a traditional Garmin or TomTom GPS) or you can turn that off and just look at the map. I also like that it shows you an actual photo of your destination (thank you Google Earth!)- "Visual Voicemail." I love this feature, instead of having to listen to your voicemail and then go through the keypad to delete, replay, skip, etc. there are simple visual buttons on the bottom of the voicemail screen, like a trashcan for the delete. It makes it so easy to breeze through your voicemail when usually you have to sit and listen through the recordings and your options. Also, it has a feature where you can just read the voicemail instead of have to listen to it which is very handy if you're checking your voicemail box somewhere that you need to be discreet.CONS:- Size and weight. This phone is pretty thick and bulky and quite heavy. Aesthetically it's just not that pleasing.- The camera lenses on the back are raised so they stick out more than the rest of the back plate. This makes my phone slide all over the place when I place it down on a hard surface and could be easily scratched.- The external speaker isn't loud so this phone doesn't do much good for listening to music if you don't have a docking station. Also this affects the speaker phone so sometimes when it's on speaker I can't hear the other person well.In general, my gripes about this phone are minor. I've loved how it performs in every way and of course the Android operating system is just awesome so you can truly customize your phone. I don't regret my purchase!

A Must Buy! The best prepaid phone on the market the network is a little slow but with wifi this phone is top notch!

This is the best phone I have ever owned. Has a 4.5 inch screen. I used to have an iphone and a lot of the features on this phone are similar to the iphone, besides the android network, which I love! Good buy.

The two complaints I have about the phone should be non-issues for any phone.1) Frequent reboots for no reason. From what I have read this is a VERY common problem and seems to be caused by a loose housing for the battery, enabling it to lose contact and shut off.2) The world's touchiest power switch. Touch it for 1 millisecond and the phone wakes up. Touch it for 2 milliseconds and the phone powers off. And the power switch is VERY sensitive.If I can keep the phone on when I want it to be on, I am very happy with it. I love that I can get over the air radio stations (they should advertise that feature and make the software for it more easily available), and that there are lots of cases available. I didn't buy it for the 3D camera, I knew that was just gimmicky. It works just ok. Not a deal maker or breaker.If I had to make the purchase again, I would probably try the HTC One V, or the Galaxy S II

Summary: Phone failed in first 3 months, HTC botched the repair and still hasn't rectified the situation after more than a month.This was my first Android phone and the first phone I ever bought outright without a contract. I have no complaints about the phone itself, other than the fact that the screen backlight failed in the third month that I owned it.  That is when the nightmare started.Being that the phone is not subsidized by the carrier, you're on your own when it comes to repair.  What it meant for me, since my phone was still under warranty, was calling HTC, getting an RMA number and sending it in (at my cost).  To their credit, that whole process went rather smoothly.  I sent the phone in and it was back in my hands after about a week.  However, when I went to power up the phone, my heart sank - the Sprint logo popped up on the screen and I knew I was in for a hassle.  They sent me back a phone that was locked to the wrong carrier and Virgin refused to activate it.Calling HTC again, my case was referred to escalations.  What this meant was, in contrast to the quick, responsive experience I had when first called in, I would have to wait 10 days to get a response (actually, in my case, I had to wait 13 because, having not heard anything, I called them back 3 days in and the agent was kind enough to "re-escalate" my case which somehow resulted in the timer being reset on me).  I eventually received a prepaid overnight shipping label, sent in my phone, and been left to wonder why they sprung for overnight shipping when my phone has apparently been sitting in their shipping dock ever since.I'm severely irritated by the whole situation. It's annoying enough to have a product fail on you prematurely, but that I can at least understand - no company can achieve 100% reliability on a product.  However, to botch the repair and then make no effort to resolve the mistake in a timely fashion is, to me, unforgivable. I have pretty much had it with HTC.

After reading the reviews I went with the HTC.  I wanted the biggest screen possible and boy did I get it.  The phone is lovely, battery life a little short but not terrible.  I am really glad I got this phone.  Really fast, tons of memory, now I feel I own a smartphone.  I upgraded from the LG Optimus.

I use it to surf the web mostly and ford apps. It's really like a tablet, you can play two player games like glow hockey as I do with my son. I agree with others that say using this phone for text messages sucks. It types the wrong letter about 65% of the time but it comes with spell check. Graphics are great, sound quality is great, camera is awesome and the prices for the plans are affordable.

I purchased from virgin directly and the phone is not reliable, it would not receive messages for hours after they where sent. virgin sent me a replacement and the same thing happened.i just bought a one v and although small  im at least able to make and receive calls and messages,ive had a good experience with virgin mobile so im not going to jump carriers for this one snafu but the htc evo is a dud ,do not buy and if you do give it a shot youll know rather quickly if yours is good or not so make sure you keep your receipt.i would have given the phone 5 stars all the wy if it worked i really liked it when it didUpdate...They fixed the error so if your interested in the phone pick it up.

Edit Jan 2014:  Last night I was over at a friend's house. Everyone had their tablets and cell phones.  Of all the units in the room, I was the ONLY one who couldn't get good reception-- either on WiFi or 3G.Today I tried to top up my time on their site.  The response:  "We cannot accept a credit card to top up time.  Please purchase a top-up card at a local store."  Are they SERIOUS?  I've had no credit card problems, I was using a debit card with plenty in the bank (a card I've used many times before on VM) so why this sudden new policy.Sorry... this phone is just lousy, and so is Virgin Mobile "service".  I'm cancelling my service as of today and switching to a different company.  This is literally one of the worst companies on the market-- and with some of the poorest products and service I've seen anywhere.Back to the original review:This is a potentially great phone, unfortunately with several fatal flaws:At the top of the list:  "RADIO INTERFERENCE RESOURCE SHORTAGE.  CAUSE CODE: 64.  ERROR CLASS: 2"  This is a widespread and well-known error among the VM HTC Evo community.  What this error means is that your phone is now inoperative.  It won't make or receive phone calls, won't send or receive text messages.  The only known solution to this is to go through the cumbersome process of totally resetting the phone.  For some users "Update the PRL" seems to do the trick... a process that takes a couple of minutes.  This problem occurs often... for some users weekly... for others once or several times a day.  What this error boils down to is that the phone has lost all contact with all communication towers to the point that it has lost its identity and ability to communicate-- even if it comes back in contact with said towers.  Why this happens is difficult to discern as Virgin Mobile techs are not forthcoming with info.  Most users seem to think the problem lies in one of two areas:  1) a serious flaw with the HTC or 2) VM over-crowding their lines (personally I have no idea, but reports are this doesn't happen with phones other than HTC.  I wouldn't know about any but this phone.)Whatever the source of the problem, it's gone on for some time, is widely discussed on the Net, and apparently has no permanent solution.  That rates this phone one star. Contacting Virgin Mobile resulted in them telling me they created a "software fix" Nov 15, 2012 and to download that release.  I purchased my phone well after Nov 15 and had already updated the software (other people have reported the same bogus "software error" runaround).  Other users report contacting HTC and being told by that company to contact Virgin Mobile.  My guess:  there is a serious hardware error here and neither company wants to 'fess up and issue an expensive recall that could cost millions to fix.A second problem is battery life.  The included battery is under-equipped for a phone of this power.  It will not last a full 12-hour day under normal use.  I don't know how that compares to other smartphones as this is the first I've owned. Extended batteries are available, but they increase the bottom half of the phone in size and make it incompatible with most cases on the market.A third problem is that it doesn't use a SIM card, which means you cannot easily transport your existing phone data (call lists, etc) to this phone.  While that's not insurmountable, such limitations to some folks are not acceptable.Fourth problem:  VM 4G claims are total hype.  The phone is capable of 4G, but Virgin Mobile isn't.  If one looks at their coverage map-- see how many 4G areas show on the map.  Metro New York City might have 4G somewhere, but you'll find none elsewhere.Fifth problem: Poor reception.  According to the Virgin Mobile reception map... I am in the middle of a "dark green" area which means I should have great reception, 5 bars.  I'm doing good to get 1-2 bars.  My sister lives in a "light green" area which means "moderate reception"... and there is no signal at all there. VM has clearly over-rated their coverage, both in phone reception and speed.To be fair, Virgin Mobile has the least expensive plan I've seen on the market, a plan which suited my needs perfectly.  But what value is low price when the service doesn't work?The phone itself is easy to use, large screen, that rather amazing 3D screen (yes, it's a gimmick, but a great gimmick).  Unfortunately the 3D camera lens sticks out of the back of the phone, making it impossible to securely lay flat on a surface (a minor issue for some, not so minor for others).The camera is awful.  Even in the best condition it takes grainy photos.  The time between clicking the shutter and the photo actually being snapped is significant to the point that you almost never get the photo you wanted to take (I'm talking a full second, at least).  There is no anti-blur technology I'm aware of, so photos are regularly out of focus or smeared.The phone is priced decently (even low compared with some others) but in truth, one can understand why.  If it regularly loses functionality, what price does it warrant?Sorry, have to give two thumbs down on this one.EDIT, Dec 28 2012:  I received an email reply from customer support at Virgin Mobile.  This is the same reply they've been sending to users for months.  It provides a temporary solution and claims they will be coming out with a fix... but no fix has been forthcoming and the claim (imo) is not trustworthy.  I would consider it a stall to cause people to keep their phones past the return period, hoping to "soon" receive a fix tfor the problem (I've seen this kind of thing before).FROM VIRGIN MOBILERegarding your concern, Virgin will soon be releasing a MaintenanceRelease to resolve the problem. In the meantime, please follow theinstructions below.- Click the Phone icon and enter ##CLEAR#.- Click Menu > Reset.  The device will re-boot.  Service will bere-initiated.- The issue will be resolved.  Please test your phone by sending an SMSmessage to your own phone number.- If the issue reoccurs, you should follow the same process to resolve.Impression:  buyers should note VM has been making this promise for months without follow-through... and that they will have no idea the phone is not working until they try to use one of the processes that it effects (such as sending a text message or making a phone call).  This means the phone will be very unreliable if you have this problem in your area(and from what I see about 30% of users do).Follow up report Nov 4 2013:  This phone is still using Android 4.0.6 when the latest Android (as of this date) is 4.4.  Contacting both VM and HTC produced what I consider a "form email run-around"-- the first stating how to "update" the phone OS (which of course I already knew and has no effect-- as they're well aware).  The second email claimed "it takes time to update Android versions.  Please be patient". As of this date the OS hasn't been updated in a year; how much time do they need?Does Virgin Mobile and HTC just stop supporting expensive smartphones after the sale?  Which brings the question:  why would a customer wish to purchase another phone from either HTC or Virgin Mobile if OS upgrades are not supported?Bottom line Virgin Mobile misrepresents their coverage, evidently knowingly sells defective phones and then lies to their customers about the fix status, and fails to properly support the system after the sale. I would recommend doing business with this company only if you live in a strong signal area.  Expect little or no service following the purchase.Nov 25 2013: Virgin Mobile has discontinued sales of this phone and from what I can see no longer supports it on an OS level.  Purchasing it (or any other VM phone) would be inadvisable unless you live in a very strong signal area.

Lots of trouble getting activated - many tech calls and days before it was fixed.  I still have calls dropping all the time.  I get various reasons from their tech service, but most say that the tower near me is being upgraded.  The service is suppose to improve when it is done but they can not tell me when that will be.  They said it can take a month for an upgrade to complete.  They can't even send me a new phone because they are back-ordered, which is why I purchased it on Amazon.  Now I'm stuck with a $200 phone that is no good with phone calls.

I purchased this phone on October 26, and retuned it a few days later. Most calls didn't ring -- they went to phone mail. Texting even a short message made the phone freeze, and the only way I could get it to work again was to pull the battery out and reboot. On the positive side, the phone had a large, clear display, and a decent camera.

I have had this phone about a month and I haven't had any problems; however, some of the "cons" on this phone that have been listed by others, seem very understandable.  I am willing to say the phone is smarter than me, so may take me a while, if ever, to realize some of the lesser quality items mentioned.I did buy an extra battery but my phone has shown no signs of quitting on me before I can get back home to plug it in to charge.  I have ordered a few phone covers, make sure you get the right ones so the camera lenses match up.  Two different styles come up when you search for cases.The Amazon Appstore is fantastic for finding free apps.  Everything I want my phone to do, I search for an app if it didn't already have it, and I find one!  So I am very happy with the quality of helping me organize and multi-task all I have going on.  (Not that another phone wouldn't, but this is the one I have and I'm not one to ditch a phone and start over---too much work!)The phone isn't light, I bought my kids the HTC One which is a little smaller and is considerly lighter.  That seems like a good option and nice phone if someone is debating between the two, and I think it has had more positive reviews than this one.This screen is large and nice for viewing most anything.  All the buttons work and I'm figuring out what is most important to me.  I have had issues loading songs to the disk, it is not as straight forward as it is with an MP3 player.  That is one of the reasons I decided to switch phones and combine two things into one.  The disk that came with the phone said it had an error and you couldn't just put it into an adapter and use the card slot on your laptop...which is how I normally load music.  I have figured it out to some extent but seems like the same method doesn't work each time.Would I recommend it?  Yes if you have reasonable expectations.  Back to the are you smarter than the phone?  If so, then you may want to continue research and find a phone that IS smarter than you.  Reading the reviews is the best thing for figuring out if a phone is what you need.  I really appreciate people that review with pros and cons because you don't know some answers until you get one, maybe it will prevent you from making a mistake.  Good luck!

I have had this phone for three months and it works very well with one major problem.It would re-boot quite a bit and sometimes I even had to pop open the cover and take the battery out.I noticed that in some areas where Sprint service was weak it did this much more.I searched the internet and found this was a common problem with this phone.The phone I received was a Sprint branded phone which had been re-flashed to VM.I looked into the problem and it seemed to be related to the PRL preferred roaming list),basically when off the Sprint network the two-way feature of the phone was causing it to reboot when picking between what non-Sprint carriers to choose from.I also noticed that within my house the phone would switch between 2 towers and and this would cause the phone to freeze sometime also.So about a week ago I got notice that HTC had a new update for the phone.It stated that "it would improve stability issues" which it did.The new update does come with one interesting change.Basically it allows the phone to turn on the Wi-Fi if your phone has the password to a network you used before.It can also turn on/off the 4g feature also.Once this happens you can easily go to settings and pick what you want for data but the re-booting problem is gone.

I got this phone 2 wks ago and might I say I kept it to long. The battery life is TERRIBLE, if you will be gone all day at work or school take you charger with you because after a few calls or txts the battery will be going down. The signal for this company SUCKS big time I couldnt get service in elevators, basements and even when i'm at home on my bed. I mean it's 2012 I shouldnt have problems like this. At times it would take me about 45mins to send out 1 txt smh. Don't get this phone or get with this company. Since I returned it today I went back to my old company and everything has been very smooth again and i'm so happy. Finally I can call and txt with no problems.I gave this phone 1 star because thats the lowest they have but really I think it doesn't deserve any stars.

I bought this phone from virgin online. I thought it was a little heavy, weighted 6.2 oz. so I tried to return it. I spent about two hours total with two separate phone calls on hold most of the time and the first call got disconnected so I had to start again. Any savings you get from virgin is because they don't have much in the way of customer service.

this phone is nice , virgin mobile isn't the greatest of i could send it back i would. although my monthly bill is $35 so i guess i'm getting what i'm paying for. i'll use it for another year or so before i get something better

Works great.A bit too sensitive on the main buttons but I'm fine with it. Love the 3d for both pics and vids.

I like this little tablet.  I call it that because half of my calls and texts cannot go through, though the internet and apps may work fine.  But you probably knew about that from the other reviews.The reason I'm writing this is the customer service issues with both Virgin and HTC.  Virgin told me they were sending an update to all EVO customers that would fix the notorious "Radio Interface Resource Shortage" error message that pops up for one out of every 5 to 10 texts (when you get that error for text by the way, it means you can't place calls either), and I should expect it "tonight or tomorrow."  After a week and no update, they said it actually wasn't through them, and they said they'd give me a download link from HTC's website.What they really sent me was a link to email HTC with any questions I might have.  When I asked about the update, they said it could be up to 45 days before I get the update.  They said they could not push the update to any particular customer, and they could not provide a download link for me to manually install the update.  A second email sent 2 days ago has not been replied to.When your phone cannot send texts or place calls when you really need it to, it's not really a phone.  I understand this update's supposed to work miracles.  But after replacing one EVO V for another, multiple resets for both, and then this half-hearted response from HTC and Virgin's (notoriously bad) customer service, I cannot recommend this phone for anyone who might need a cell phone for emergency use.  Yes you can temporarily fix an immediate issue by toggling back and forth between 3G and WiFi, but have you ever had to sit there and be patient with a phone in a traffic accident, or when you're just trying to answer a quick question for someone?  Casual users more interested in facebook or apps should be happy with this.  But if you work a dangerous job or you're worried about your children's safety, this phone will fail you when you need it most.- UPDATE -I got the update a week ago and have not had any problems since.  I'm glad I held out for it because it's a great piece of hardware, and like the guy at Best Buy said, "it's by far the best pre-paid phone we have here."  The wait and the runaround were so unfortunate though.  I hope it stays strong and that no future updates undo whatever they did.

Ive had my EVO V for a few days now and must say that it is a beautiful piece of hardware. I was very weary on purchasing the phone due to the very low reviews I viewed on Amazon as well as the rumors that there was radio interference errors that plagued the phone. I even watched youtube videos of users who couldnt even get their phones connected to the VM network and activated. Im not sure why this is occuring for those users but I can only make a few guesses.I havent tried to recreate this issue, but the other day I had the 4G activated because i have access to it in my home (Stratford, CT area.) I drove to work that morning and realized that the area did NOT have 4G access because there was a notification that came up which made this evident. (A wifi looking logo with '4G!' under it.) During this time my wife text me and said she recieved a weird error message tho I was still able to recieve her message. I turned off my 4G and the phone immediately went to 3G. During this time before I could switch the 4G off I could still text and recieve data. Im guessing that if there is no 4G access in the area, and the 4G is activated, this may have something to do with errors that ppl are recieveing. This of course is just a hunch. Now, I make sure to turn off the 4G access when it isnt available and I havent had not one issue with it. Ive text over 75 messages so far, downloaded many apps, made calls and checked my voicemail with not one issue at all.My EVO V came in the standard black, no Sprint logo with the black and red Virgin Mobile battery backing. Ive heard of people having problems with the Evo V's with the sprint logo in the plum coloring. Im also guessing this could be a problem as there were 2 different versions built for each company but are still identical to each other.So far ive had no issues with this phone. The pictures are gorgeous, the service is excellent, the screen is bright, the audio is clear, the touch screen is effective. The only thing I cant say is great is battery life (The sole reason this is 4 stars ainstead of 5. Battery life with the standard battery and heavy usage just plain sucks.) Because of this issue I purchased an extended life battery which gets me thru the work day and then some.Overall, this is a great phone with no reportable issues at the moment. I will give a update in about 3 months to give you all an idea of how the phone has held up over some wear and tear.I do however have the voicemail logo at the top of my screen but it says I have no voicemails... If anyone knows a way to get rid of that id appreciate the knowledge.Thanks.

I upgraded to this phone from the LG Optimus V and I love it! It's much faster and the screen looks a lot nicer. 4G actually has decent coverage around me, but if that's why you're buying the phone be sure you check your area first. Since this phone uses WiMax, don't expect to be able to get 4G on this phone if your area doesn't already have it. My only complaint would be the cover for the battery is the entire back(minus camera) and sides of the phone, and doesn't feel as secure as it could be.  It doesn't feel like it's going to come off or anything, but you can definitely feel where it doesn't clip to the phone. The 3D is really neat, but doesn't have much use beyond novelty.

I was slightly disappointed by this phone,the two main reasons I purchased phone seem to be it's downfalls.First I wanted a phone that was faster then my other phones but this phone seems to be just as slow,second I wanted a phone where the battery lasted longer this battery runs down quicker then my other phones I had.But all and all I would still recommend phone.It has other qualities.

This phone is fast, brilliant, stylish, and just what i needed and for 100 dollars how could i resist! overall a fantastic phone.

A point by point history:- Purchased direct from Virgin on 12/14/2012 after reading reviews, googling problems; couldn't matchthe specs for the same money anywhere else.- Was amused to see the price drop another $30 after 1/3/2013 (never a good sign.)- Started to have the "touch interface goes crazy" problem sometime around 1/15/2013. More googling.Set phone to display touch input (shows a circle on the display) and watched the phantom touchesappear all over the screen. Found that stopping apps running in the background would 'cure' it, usinga task killer app.- Yesterday on 2//2013, my phone stopped accessing the network while sitting on my desk, connected tothe charger as usual. After several hours of the "No service" notice, I reactivated my Optimus V incase I needed voice service in the meantime and googled further. Several resets and battery pullslater, it still won't access the network. All the other radios in the phone work normally - WiFi,GPS, Bluetooth, 4G.Later today I'm going to decide whether to start hacking or to spend time on the phone with customer service (I have a Masters in Electrical Engineering, IT experience and some disposable income, so I don't mind having an Android toy or two sitting around.) I can't recommend this phone to anyone who isn't planning to download an Android Development Kit soon after purchase.

As a member of generation Y, I don't consider myself old.  I listen to pop music, I'm reasonably tech-savvy and I don't wear polyester.  But this phone has convinced me otherwise.1) I shouldn't wear skinny jeans.The vibration on this phone is so weak, the only way I can feel it is to wear tight jeans.  But as multiple friends, family members and the occasional stranger has mentioned, I'm too old and overweight to wear skinny jeans.1) My hearing is goingPhone calls sound garbled at best, so I end up asking everyone to repeat what they're saying.  People can't hear what I'm saying either, so I end up shouting my responses.  Oh no, my hearing is going!  Wait, I can hear everyone on other phones, so actually, it's just the HTC EVO V.2) Can't understand this new-fangled lithium ion technologyThe battery lasted three days on a charge for the first three months, but now it's lucky to last a day.3) I can't understand this new-fangled 4G technologyI've never been able to get 4G to work after wasting 7 hours and 2 months with customer service.  Even worse than the wait time and being hung up on, I now have the lyrics of a song by a band called "Body Language" stuck in my head.  Not the full song mind you, just the part that I've listed to hundreds of times while waiting for customer service.  Literally.  Hundreds.4) My hair is falling out.Read comment 3.If you're thinking about purchasing this phone, I'd strongly recommend spending the extra cash for a higher quality phone.  In the long run, it'll save you time, money and possibly hair.

I have owned several smart phones and they all have the same problem, short battery life, and they reset when there are to many apps running at once. Download a battery optimizer and a phone optimizer and your phone will work amazingly! It also helps with the failed signal problems! This phone has the best to offer for virgin mobile just need to learn the smart phone technology if your going to own one.

Everything so far meets my expectations.The phone works smooth and the features are great. The battery life is not great, but overall a good phone.

I love my new phone. I've only had I about 4 days but what a difference in speed and quality than my one V. I don't get the 4g most of the time but it's still faster than my old phone.

I have to use TWO hands to use it properly.  LOLI love the Visual Voice mail, Now I might actually listen to my voice mails!Using ICS with PowerAmp has turned this into a bad ass MP3 player.As for how it works for phone calls...  Well, I don't know.  Who buys a smart phone to make phone calls?

It has all the bells and whistles I need and is sturdy enough to handle the beating I tend to put on a phone.  I bought this phone so i could leave Sprint and change to Virgin Mobile, a Sprint company.  This phone is saving me $53 monthly on service without changing how I use the phone.  Sweet.

This phone randomly fails to receive and make calls. Incoming will not ring...nor will there be any history or notice have received a call. But if a voice mail left...you get that. Out going calls will also fail to process. Same thing happens can happen with text msgs. This apparently is a known issue  to Virgin Mobile. There are multiple identical complaints about this specific phone as issued by Virgin Mobile. Common cause commented has something to do with Virgin Mobile software that is flashed and conflicts with Wireless processing in some fashion. Bottom line...I am stuck with a $300.00 phone that doesnt work.Some call centers agents acknowledges the issue...but give no indication Virgin Mobil intends to correct it.Customer service is a nightmare. Since purchasing 2  phones I have logged more then 17 hours with 15 different agents to try and get resolution on a number of issues. They do not record info from previous calls and drop calls often.Take this for what it is worth. Some Virgin Mobile phones may work...This one doesnt. And The company and policies are suspect. Beware.

The phone itself is very nice. So far no problems with software or hardware. The only problem I have had is living in a low reception area, sometimes it looses communication with the network. This is a Sprint issue; not HTC or Virgin Mobile. That being said, I like the phone. Battery life could be a little better, but it's not that bad.

The phone itself has its limitations, but it's the Virgin customer service is the worst. It's easy to start up service, but if you try to leave, good luck getting your number ported. They refuse to provide the account number on any statements or online account access. It took me an hour and a half on the phone to get an account number, but the representative spoke such poor English that the number was wrong. I had to call back twice more. A huge hassle that left me with a terrible impression.

Upgrading from the LG Optimus V, this phone is a huge improvement! I don't know how it stacks up against other Android 4.0 phones, though. I like how much faster it is than my old phone, including 4G (where available). The screen is bigger, which makes it harder to reach the whole screen with one thumb. It also lacks hardware buttons on the front, which my old phone had, so I had to get used to using the lock button to wake it up. The 3D camera and screen work surprisingly well, but don't let that be your only deciding factor--it is definitely gimmicky. Battery life (after the battery is broken in) is only slightly worse than the Optimus V. I could probably go 2 days between charges, but I usually don't. I'm almost always on Wi-Fi, though. I worry about the big glass panel on the back for the cameras (and LED flash), but it has some kind of coating on it that seems to be doing its job. I've had it for a month or 2, and there aren't any noticeable scratches. Finally, it has a notification LED, front camera, and light sensor (for automatic screen brightness), all of which the Optimus V lacks.

I had been using Sprint/Virgin network for the past year in the LA area before deciding to purchase the EVO V and reception has been good (not great but neither was the reception I got for the 8 previous yrs when I was under various contracts with At&t;)...I notice a lot of people review the Sprint/Virgin network when reviewing this phone.  I'm not sure I totally agree with that cause this is a review for hardware, not a cellular network.  With that said, hands down, night and day, the EVO is a ton better than my old phone, the Motorola Triumph.Pros:Better, clearer reception (than Triumph or previous At&t; phone)Large, bright, sharp screenResponsive touch functionality4G WiMAX reception in LA areaPrice vs Contract phonesPhone feels solid3D pics and videos are really neat!Android 4.0 ICSCons:Phone's actually a little heavy (but sturdy feeling)Battery could be better but you can say that about all smart phones really.  I just purchased the Laza battery that everyone seems to recommend and it's working out great!Again, this is a solid, solid phone... especially if you've already been on the Virgin network for a while and are used to any of their lesser phone options (everything else they have except for maybe the overpriced iphones).

I love the service and I love the phone.  But, my phone unexpectidly shuts itself off every day at some point and then restarts.  I was sent a new phone from VirginWireless but they aren't able to activate it.  The new phone has been here for weeks now.  I am anxious to make the switch and start using it.  However, I call customer service number and am told they will call me back.  The people at the other end are very nice but this is not fixing my phone.  This is an ongoing event.  I wonder how it will end.  I like the fact that this phone can be used as a Wifi hotspot.  I have not turned on this feature yet.  I am happy with the phone.  I just wish it worked right.UPDATE:  It has now been a month since I was sent a new phone by VirginWireless "Customer Care".  Dispite numerous contacts, all initiated by me, I have not yet had one phone call or email from Virgin, other than a questionaire requesting a review of one of the customer service representatives I had called.  It is always the same thing, "We will call you within one day with a solution to this problem".  Only the call never comes...  Behind the scenes they may be working on the problem but they are not communicating that with the customers who actually purchased the phone (I bought two).  This is completely unacceptable.UPDATE:  I recieved a phone call by technical support.  Within two days a second replacement phone had arrived and it was working within one more day.  As far as I can tell the problem is resolved.

like the quality, came reallyy quickly.  Absolutely no problems.  Oh wait there is one problem.  The phone is smarter then me!

I am so glad I upgraded to this HTC EVO V. 4 G.... I'm learning more and more :) !,,

I liked the phone the moment I got it. While it does perform much better than my last one, the battery life gets drained by the powerful screen. I also was annoyed by the difficulty I had turning off autocorrect and/or swype texting functions, it kept messing up my messages.

Over the last 6 years, my daughters have tried out all kinds of cellphones. But the newest smartphone that my youngest really likes, is the HTC EVO V 4G. She really likes this phone compared to the Samsung Galaxy models.

The phone itself is great.  Fast clear light big screen great features.  Then there is the phone part of it.  Missed calls that never ring.  Fails to send texts horrible reseption won't call out sometimes for no reason.  Stopped using it.

This is a great phone.  I would recommend purchasing this phone.  It has everything you will need at a great price.  It came right away in the mail.

This is my first smart phone and I highly enjoy it! The battery is not the best but if you drain it, charge it completely and repeat you will see an improvement within a few days time. Thanks for the speedy delivery! :) P.S. This phone goes for $300 retail so take advantage of this great deal with free shipping.

I love my phone, i have had a few people tell me i would regret buying this phone but i don't! I'm a mother of four and this phone has been thru hell in the past ten months. Between kids, crazy ex-husbands throwing it down the drive way and everyday use I'd have to say i definitely got my moneys worth. It is quick, and takes great photos.I'm not as fond of the 3D photos but i really don't need them. i have noticed lately my battery isn't lasting as long but that could be because my boyfriend is always stealing it to do anything and everything! Also if you leave the GPS or the internet on it uses alot more battery so remember to turn them off when done. I pay bills, check emails, text and talk. I've never paid that much for a phone but I would do it again!

This phone is so much better than my previous smart phone.  3G is fast enough; I never use the 4G, but I'm then again I'm not watching movies, etc.  This phone is great for email, maps,......and making phone calls.  Glad I ended up with this; I'll probably use it longer than the typical 2 years.

I was debating between the Evo V and the samsung galaxy s 2. Both are dual core 1 gb phones so spec wise it was familair. The amoled display didnt make a huge difference to me. the qhd dispaly on the evo is great and the proportions are perfect for emailing and typing and readign webpages. The s 2 was also a $100 more expensive. The 3d I admit is a little bit of a useless feature and also the battery life is short but with so many oem batteries on the market that can be remedied cheaply. the radio interference issues that people have mentioned scared me for a while but I have been told there is a htc update that fixes this. after owning the triumph i know all too well about faulty virgin phones! overall a good phone but i am yet to see what my thoughts are in 6 months.

This is my very first android phone and must say the learning curve is greater than an iPhone but i like this better.  My only problem is what other customers had already said....  Delayed text messages...  Phone doeskin ring or cant make call out...  Even error messages....  But my phone seems to have stabilized as for the past month and a half it has been operating normally or minor glitches.  Usually a power reset would fix the problem but during the initial phase i would pull the battery.  I assumed due to my massive amounts of app downloads this may have caused my phone to lose it mind but it appears to be a false assumption.  With all that being said i would give this phone three and 1/2 star if i could because of all the issues listed above.  If i could do this all over again i would buy a GSM phone from Google or amazon and sign up for some of the new pre paid service providers that i didn't know about until this past month.  As i some times travel internationally GSM service is readily available vs Virgins CDMA network.

very nice phone, battery life isnt that good but over all a good phone, i would buy another one if the chance came up

i waited and never got it. i really looked forward to getting the item and was disappointed that i didn't even get a message regarding my purchase.

This is an excellent phone for the money: it's fast, compact, has a nice screen, and runs ICS.  The 2D camera is decent, as is call quality.  Battery life is about average (but you can get a high capacity batter for a little extra money). The prepaid deal from Virgin is good as well.  It comes with the HTC Sense interface, which you may or may not view as a plus.MHL-HDMI output and USB host work without problems with standard interface cables.I haven't found the 4G support or the 3D camera/display to be more than gimmicks.  4G coverage is spotty, takes a long time to connect, drains the battery, and it isn't all that fast anyway.  The 3D camera works as advertised and is a nice gimmick but there is little you can do with the resulting images.  Ordinarily, a phone like this should lose stars over this.  But given the low price of the phone, you aren't really paying for these features anyway, and they don't get in the way.  I'm merely mentioning it here so that you aren't disappointed.Altogether, and excellent and inexpensive phone.  If the extra gimmicks (3D and 4G) do it for you, all the better, but don't count this phone out if you don't need them: you aren't really paying for them anyway.

I love the HTC phone. Stepped up from the Samsung intercept and it is a gigantic improvement. So far the phone is fast, user friendly, and I like the size as I use my phone more as a calendar and assistant the phone. Phone audio quality is just OK, but that is the only down side so far for me.

this phone from virgin mobile is one of the best no contract phones on the market without breaking your wallet no cons as of yet phone is working fantastic and bought a second on for my wife . a must buy if your paying the outrageous prices of cell phone carriers such as T-mobile AT&T and Verizon

When you first get the phone its not bad. After about 4 months, it will quite possibly become one of the most frustrating pieces of technology you've used in your life. I've stuck it out for 2 years. It has become increasingly less useful and at this point an utter piece of crap. Mine calls people by itself, deletes apps by itself, touch screen does what it wants, whenever it wants, regardless of my wishes. I fully charge it all night, leave the house with it at 8:30am and by 10:30am it is shut off and dead. I feel companies that make products that are made to break need to be fined for ripping off consumers. After patiently waiting and trying toI have ordered an iPhone 5 to replace this POS, and I can't wait till it comes. Save you money for a better phone- it WILL be worth it.

It has 4G and 4.3' screen. I flashed it to use pageplus successfully in order to use the cheap 5c per minutes plan

I've owned this device since launch and as is widely reported the only significant issue was constant, recurring texting errors where your messages wouldn't be sent. Virgin only had temporary workarounds to address this issue. I solved it long ago by rooting and updating my radio but just last week Virgin started pushing an HTC OTA update that upgrades the radio for all the users who prefer not having to root thier device. I'm a guide on Android Forums and since this update almost all users have reported a complete absence of the error and unlike the previous measures that Virgin offered this one is permanent. So for anyone who was hesitant about purchasing this phone because of the texting issue you can rest assured that it has finally been dealt with. I personally believe that this is still one of the best prepaid Android options on the market, especially the bang for the buck. I can finally completely and whole heartedly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a high end Android solution. You won't be dissapointed.

I am a first time smart phone user. The manual that comes with phone, basically says how to turn it on and nothing else. Only purchase if you all ready know how to use a smart phone. Battery life is poor. Phone lasts about 4 hours after full charge.

i like the phone.  however, i will be returning the product because it uninstalls cell reception program.  amazon stands behind what they sell!  may have gotten a bad phone from htc...  will buy another htc in the future.

I wanted to save some money and decided to jump on the VM band wagon, so I choose this device to get my foot in the door.Now I'm gonna rant for a bit! First off I feel gyped that I paid for Expedited shipping, yes the seller quickly sent out the product but we all know how horrible the good ole USPS is. The shipment was traveling about 3hrs away from me in the same dang state! Yet it took 7 freaking days WTH!!I'm sick those usps people, they couldn't even manage to update the tracking info I signed up for and to top that off they didn't even alert me the package was delivered. When I  got the package from my doorstep it looked as though Ace Ventura had been kicking it around.Ok next the process of activating the device OMFG! NIGHTMARE!!!!!! I followed the directions from the phone and website to a T to no avail! I wanted to port over my number from another carrier, PSH! I should've known better. So I was forced to call them and the first person I got sounded like Apu from The Simpsons. Hell no I called back until I got what I believed  was an American, so he took my info and transferred me to another dept. I was cut off during the transfer 5 different times! I finally just submitted a trouble ticket via their website and around 4hrs later it was finally activated.The phone itself is really nice so far, just small amounts of lag during screen transitions. Navigating thru the device and setting up should be a breeze for any user.The 3D camera is pretty cool although the easy access camera controls on the side of the phone feels odd while in hand. Overall I'm content the phone itself will live up to it's reviews and I hope no one else has to deal with the BS I had to!

After nearly a decade of average phone use I decided I needed to upgrade to a phone with more capabilities, mainly for email and web with a decent size display. Because I absolutely refuse to pay the ridiculous amount of money that Verizon and pretty much any other network requires for data, naturally I turned to prepaid and I decided to go big or go home with the Evo 3D rather than a cheaper phone with similar capabilities.Rather than writing some sort of essay, it's just easier to list the pros and cons with explanations where necessary:Pros:-The price! I pay $40/ mo. for unlimited data (with throttling), unlimited text, and 300 minutes! Before I paid $30/mo. on Sprint for just 300 minutes...Can't beat the price!!!!!!-Big display-Good microphone-overall good design (with exceptions for the home button (see below)-sturdy build quality-loads of good, modern features and options-decent hardware (I went with this one over the other Evo mainly because of the larger screen and the dual core processor)-Visual voicemail! I love this feature...Especially because I hear some people have to pay for it.-Data, 2.5 GBs before throttling. 2.5 GBs is quite a lot, especially since I use Wifi most of the time, I usually end up only using 1-1.5 GBs per month.-Ubuntu for Android. Not released yet, however as a huge Linux fan, this looks amazing, and from what I've read, this phone will support Ubuntu for Android when it's released.-No HDMI, but it has MHL through use of the microUSB port - Two in one!Cons:-AWFUL network!To elaborate: I've had Sprint for many years, and Virgin uses the same towers, as a result, you get the same mediocre service. I rarely have full bars, but usually have one or two, which is just enough for phone calls and sending the occasional text. It's "Good enough" but quite frustrating a lot of the time...Another problem with Virgin is the phone can occasionally "lose communication with the network." Now, the first time this happened I had no idea what was going on, my phone could not receive or place calls, nor send or receive texts. The internet still worked on Wifi, but not on the mobile network, which wouldn't even connect. I let this behavior continue for about 12 hours before giving in and calling Virgin mobile. Some substantial amount of time later I spoke with a technician that apparently "reset the communication" to my phone and I was instructed to remove the battery and leave it out for about 15 minutes. This whole bit sounded like a load of BS, and it most likely was. The next time this happened (and it has happened A LOT!) i simple removed the battery, left it out for a minute or so, then rebooted. Everything was fine after that. This would be a great solution if my case wasn't a pain to remove and put back on. To this day, I don't understand how a mobile communications provider allows this sort of dysfunctional behavior with their phones. By the way, this is not limited to my phone, a friend of mine has Boost Mobile (same Sprint towers), and he has the same problem.Note: After the previous update a couple weeks ago, this problem has not happened. I will update this review by removing this statement if it happens again.-No local 4G.Sprint doesn't offer 4G in my city, kinda sucks, but 3G is good enough -Update on 3G, see update 12/29/12--I don't like the placement of the home buttonA lot of times while typing, I may accidentally hit the home button with the side of my hand and it will close the app. This doesn't happen with the case on.-The keyboard sucks! This is not Evo 3D inclusive, but rather Android's problem.I can actually type faster and with much more accuracy on the keyboard on my iPod Touch (A MUCH smaller screen) Android did an awful job not leaving any space between the letters, but instead made the letters much bigger.-Standard smartphone battery life: 12 hours under normal use, less than 4 under heavy use...Bring your charger with you!-Outdated OS. To my knowledge there are no plans for releasing Jelly Bean for this phone under Virgin Mobile.-Sometimes calls don't come through. This is different from the problem above, I'll set my phone down in an area with plenty of service, but only a voicemail will come through and no missed call.-The camera: It seems like the phone must be held ABSOLUTELY still for a decent photo...They blur so easily! It usually takes 2 or 3 tries to get a decent picture.Final notes:-I don't really use the 3D much, as stated above I only chose this one due to the dual core CPU and the larger display. I tested the 3D, and it's a neat feature, but not worth paying more money for. I've only taken like 3 or 4 3D pictures, it's really no big deal.-I will update this review if anything changes.Update: 12-29-2012 -------------------------I've found another con with the data (3G):I'm usually on WiFi, as my house and work both have it and I rarely use the phone for video streaming or anything that requires a relatively fast internet connection. I've only really streamed video over WiFi, but I recently went on a trip where I didn't have access to WiFi and tried to stream video, and even though I had a constant 3-4 bars of service and "3G" (and not throttled, I was only at about 500 MB of data) the video was only standard definition and still unwatchable, the "3G" is far too slow for streaming unless you have constant full bars.However, The phone is working much better after the system update, the "Radio interface resource shortage" texting issue described above was definitely fixed, I haven't had to remove the battery since the update. My biggest complaints are still Sprint's terrible coverage, the 3G is slow, and the keyboard is awful (and I can't possibly stress how awful the keyboard is...)Final Update: 7-10-2013 -----------------------Switched to iPhone 4 from Virgin Mobile.Reasons:-The phone started to randomly restart/crash with more frequency (which caused me to miss an alarm in the morning).-The keyboard...It's literally the worst thing ever. The iPhone has a MUCH smaller screen, but its keyboard is sooooo much better.-Battery life. This was not a problem with the actual battery. The phone got to the point where I would charge it up at night (make sure very few apps were still running) and set an alarm, then the alarm wouldn't go off because the phone was completely dead in the morning 8-10 hours later of not being in use. According to the usage, most-all of the battery went to "phone idle" and "cell standby." However, I could charge it that day to 100% then it would last another 15-20 hours before dying. In other words, the battery would sometimes drain really quickly, or sometimes it would last forever. Too finicky for my taste.-The bottom of the touchscreen got a bit strange after a while. Pulling the ring would sometimes not work and I'd have to do it several times before I could actually unlock the phone.In conclusion, it's a good phone (maybe not for the current price when compared to the iPhone 4 for $30 more) with a TON of features (far more than the iPhone 4), but the software just isn't as thought out as on the iPhone. I almost never used the 3D features of the phone. I'll probably keep the phone anyways to use as a backup if anything happens to my iPhone and possible to play Android only games; but overall, the iPhone is still better.

Now normally I'm too lazy to do reviews on anything, but this phone frustrated me so much that I feel it's my duty to worn others. PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASEEEEE! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! I've had this phone for maybe 3 months now and I can tell you it's nothing but frustration. At first I thought it was my area, but I live in New York City. There's no reason why I should be constantly struggling to get service. All you'll get from this phone is dropped calls, failed signals, late text messages, late voicemails, no call history yet plenty missed calls, etc. You'll find yourself constantly resetting the phone, random resets on its own and all other types of bugs. This is the worst phone I've ever owned. $300 down the drain. Please don't make the same mistake I have.

I bought this as a gift for my son. He researched all the phones on line, and decided this model had the most bang for my buck. He has been using it (Pre-Paid) for about four months, and is very happy with it's performance.

I loved this phone, but when you have it serviced by unreliable phone coverage, the phone is as good as an MP3 player. Now that's alright if you're looking to only listen to music on your phone, but for me, I wanted a phone good for making phone calls, messages and browsing the web. I was having issues with the service and I assumed it was the phone so I didn't give up. Because I purchased the phone directly from the virgin mobile website, I had to count on them for customer service. They agreed to replace the phone, and they sent me a new one within a week. No luck. I was still having the same issues. I decided it would be best to just return the phone and get a full refund. I was told by the customer service that if I paid for shipping, I would be given a full refund. So I ship the phone back to virgin mobile, and wait for a refund. Nothing. I call the customer service, and now they say they can't refund my money because I had already replaced the phone once. Why did they not tell me that before I shipped the phone back. Why was I misled? They refuse to even send the phone back to me. Now I am out $250, and virgin mobile is laughing all the way to the bank. I took my time to write this review to warn people away from this service. I highly recommend this phone, but not virgin mobile!

This is by far the best phone I've ever gotten. Great service, great features, and absolutely love the hot spot feature.

very fast phone. i like everything about this phone... except for the 3d camera option. its like lookong at a hologram. its just a gimmick

Not sure if it's the service or the phone (though this never happened with my old phone) but every day I stop receiving text messages and calls.  When I eventually notice, I have to restart the phone in order for it to connect back to the network properly.  I don't know if this is the phone, an app I have, or the Virgin service.  It's really pissing me off though.

The phone is somewhat overwhelming. The user guide (152 pages long) is available on line and is quite helpful. Fortunately the operation of the phone is quite intuitive.All and all it offers an enjoyable, chalingeling experience.

Says phone is 4g it is not in Michigan there is only 1 city with sprint 4g wimax and that is Grand Rapids plus you have to turn on the 4g antenna which drains the battery even faster.  Great phone compared to my old Virgin phones.  Would be an even better phone if wasn't on the sprint network. Other than above it also eats the battery quick suggest purchase larger battery pack.

I bought this phone in June of 2012 for $299 along with an Otter Box for another $49. This phone can take a fall and has without the case and only lost a little bit of paint off the front, the screen still looks like new. I still show off the 3d features to friends with their latest phones. This thing will play many new games that my other devices won't including my Nexus 7! I can play high end games without any lag. This phone is heavy because besides being partially aluminium it has all kinds of sensors. The screen is almost 720p with a 4.3 qHD resolution. Because it uses ICS you don't have to worry about running out of app space because it will allow you to move apps to the SD card without any problems. I have a 64 GB micro SD card in mine. Also this thing has a real FM radio. This phone manages to continue to keep playing all the latest and greatest, has hot spot which I use for my tablet, and has 4g wimax. The battery life is the only week spot. If you play games it drains fast. I bought a second battery and considered getting an extended battery. If you are a heavy gamer you will have to charge this often. Hence 4 stars. Aside from the battery life I really have no complaints after almost 2 years. They hold their value for a reason. If I bought a new phone today it would be the latest HTC One M8 if it ends up with a micro SD card. The HTC One last year did not have one...

I bought this phone once my daughter got old enough for a smartphone. I gave her my old phone and started researching for a new phone for myself. After doing some online research I was a little hesitant to buy this phone because of some of the negative reviews I had read on Amazon.com. The price was right, however and I decided to take a chance on this phone and it has not let me down.First off, the 3D thing is sort of gimmicky and if you are interested in this phone just for that I would have to say don't buy this. The 3D camera leaves a lot to be desired, but I did not buy it for that. I did buy this phone because of the processors that it came with. It has a dual core processor which screams along with the HTC Sense GUI that this comes with. I have yet to find myself wishing for a faster phone. The screen is beautiful, and the touch screen is very responsive. I haven't had any connectivity issues at all, although I have not used this on 4G as we do not have 4G service in my area.All in all I would have to say that I have no regrets buying this phone and if I had a choice between this phone and some of Virgin Mobile's higher priced phones, such as the Galaxy SII and the iPhone, I would choose this phone again. It does everything I need it to do and comes in significantly cheaper.

great phone for a great price, will recommend to anyone looking for a cheap phone with great features and a huge screen!

This phone has serious issues with text messaging.  It freezes and will not send them at least three times a day with an average of 20 text messages.  When it does it won't send or receive them.  Restarting the phone fixes the problem but this is a real pain in the but.  I am not happy with this at all.  If I had kept the phone I replaced with it I would have sent it back the first week I used it.

I like virgin mobile. I live in a big city, san francisco, and i get all right service. Not as great as verizon but great for the $35. I just wish they had better phones. This htc phone feels Cheap and what is up with 3d camera?!? Its nonsense or more to the point: pointless.  With virgin, either go inexpensive - i got the lg optimus which is an ok phone though a bit small for my big hands, or spend the money and get the iphone 4s.

My daughter just loves this phone! It has all the features she wanted,especially the front facing camera.Also the price was terrific!Recommended this phone to all her friends!

Bought it for my daughter - this is an excellent item, especially when you are in an area with 4G coverage, you will get around 8-10Mbps download speed. Nice screen, fast processor, the only down side is poor battery life. Get an external battery or the extended battery and this would be the best phone you can buy for virgin mobile (yes, better than the iPhone due to unlimited, superfast 4G)

I like this HTC, big screen, nice finish but sometimes when tried to answer an incoming call the software didn't allow me, the software is not responding and I had to remove the battery because pressing button was not enough, this happened at least 4 times different dates. I had to return this phone

I really am very happy with this phone. The only trouble I have is battery life, and the volume buttons are hard to find by feel. It performs very well, it's fast and hasn't crashed yet. I put a 32GB Micro SD in it, and it's working just great.

We'd been scraping by on our three year old Samsung smartphone and so when the necessity of a new phone presented itself we weren't sure what to buy. The Evo is sleek, light, has good battery life if you don't play Angry Birds all day (note to self), holds a charge in stand by quite well. Using the browser is really fast, the phone has no lag in responding to input at all, touch screen is very responsive and the keyboard is big enough for my husband to use comfortably. We love it! We would suggest a speaker dock and case as accessories. The 3D camera is really cool, front facing camera works well and the regular camera with flash is very sufficient for us and our on the go type pics of our kids. Call quality is fine and phone is very easy to navigate. We would buy another one!-- About a week in I would add the following: When you "sync" Facebook or any other account to your phone every single contact will sync. If you have 500 friends on Facebook you will see them all. I have not been able to figure out a way to only sync specific contacts like I was able to do with the Samsung, so have the sync turned completely off. Also, the Samsung used to get input from my cheek when I was using the phone, which is really annoying, this phone does not do that.

Virgin Mobile has always been a great value, delivering acceptable phones and service at a far lower total cost of ownership than the big contract carriers. In the past though, Virgin's phones have been about a year behind the current technology at the time of their introduction and the over-all experience was far lower than what you could get if you were willing to pay more. They were, as I've said in my other reviews of their earlier phones, a good value because of their cost, but not great because of their phones or performance. Their phones were usually about a year behind the newest releases from the hardware makers, and their network service from Sprint is slightly lacking in some cities especially compared to Verizon.This HTC EVO V 4G runs Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich), which is currently (at the time of this review) the newest version of Android. It has a fast processor, good camera, is 4G capable, has great battery life, and has overall great performance. Although it has been out for over a year on Sprint, it is not nearly as far behind the mainstream as previous Virgin Mobile offerings have been. Between my wife and me, we have tried pretty much every Virgin Mobile "Beyond Talk" phone. They have almost all been good, but with flaws, performance tradeoffs, and were noticeably behind the mainstream phones that the big carriers were offering at the time. The HTC EVO V 4G is the first one that is not only a good value, but also rivals the mainstream on-contract phones in terms of performance. I'm not saying that it is as good as the newest phones on the big carriers, but the difference is becoming far less noticeable.  The cutting edge phones are still getting better, but now at a slower pace which is allowing phones like this one to be a closer match.Size. This phone is a little bulkier than the Motorola Triumph, but is comfortable to hold and use. It still fits in my pockets with no problems. It is heavier than the Triumph or any other VM phone, but for me, I don't find the added size and weight to be an issue because they enable the huge 4.3 inch screen and exceptional battery life. Having Wi-Fi, 4G, 3G, Bluetooth, and GPS all in one phone, and all work so well also probably contributes to the size. I would prefer it was flatter (like the Triumph), but don't have an issue with its form factor.Cases. Since this phone is identical to the one that has been on Sprint for over a year, there are plenty of great cases available for it, including ones from top of the line companies like Otter Box.  There are many times more accessories available for it than for previous Virgin Mobile phones.Screen. I love the 4.3" screen size, and this one is even sharper than the one on the Motorola Triumph. It is great.Touch Screen. The touch screen is very responsive, accurate, and precise. By far the best touch screen I've ever used. Even better (or equal to) the one on the Apple Ipod Touch.  I use that comparison because I've always felt that the Touch was better than the Android phones I'd had in the past.Keyboard. The touch screen keyboard on this phone is awesome. I don't know for sure if the keyboard they loaded on here is the stock Android 4.0 one, or if is part of HTC Sense UI, but wherever it came from, it is awesome. My big, clumsy, fingers mash at the screen, and instead of having to retype everything, it automatically comes up with what I intended to write. It is the easiest to use and simplest touch screen keyboard ever. I love it. It is so good, that I would have bought this phone just for the keyboard.  Occasionally it will get a correction wrong, and you have to select the correct word from the choices it gives you, but this is very rare.  Even when that does happen, it isn't too much of an inconvenience, and when it does happen the phone seems to learn from the results.  You never get the same mistake twice.Battery. The battery life on this phone is incredible because of its increased size and better power management and network management. It lasts 2 to 3 times longer than the battery on the Motorola Triumph. Because of its size it also takes a long time to charge, but I'm OK with that.  For me, other Virgin Mobile phones seemed to be very inconsistent with their battery performance.  On the Triumph, for example, the battery would often go from full to empty way too fast, and without stopping at any points in-between.  That never happens with this phone.  In a low signal area, or if you are doing a whole lot on 4G, it can drop fast, but the gage always shows you what is happening so there are no surprises.Network management. The only network management problems I've had with this phone is those instances when the wifi it is connected to is not working properly. Instead of reverting to 3G or 4G, the phone will lose internet when it is connected to a wifi network that isn't properly providing internet access. This is a pretty serious flaw and is very annoying, but can be overcome by turning off wifi or having the phone "forget" those networks that don't work well. You just have to be aware of the issue and be careful what wifi networks you let you phone connect to. Otherwise, it is better than most other Virgin Mobile phones at keeping connected to the Sprint network and performing well. It is also great at making seamless transitions between 3G, 4G, and Wifi, always switching to the best available choice.Camera. The 5MP camera on this phone performs better than the 5MP camera on the Motorola Triumph and many other cell phone cameras. It isn't as good as a compact camera or even the iPhone 4S, but it is at least fully usable. Android 4.0 has a lot of camera software improvements over Android 2.2. It focuses better, is faster, and comes with cool and even useful effects.  This is the first cell phone camera that truly is a replacement for a real camera.  Again, I'm not saying that it takes pictures that are as good as a Canon or Nikon, but they are good enough that you won't mind using them.3D. You should look to someone else's review if you are interested in an evaluation of its 3D performance. For me, the 3D features of this phone are a waste of space. I'm just not into 3D. I will say that it is easy to turn off, and doesn't really get in the way at all.4G. This is my first 4G phone, and when there is coverage, it is incredible. I am in the process of moving from Detroit (where there is no 4G), to Austin (where there is). Having 4G is an incredible improvement, even just for web surfing or for using Google Maps. I love it.Internet Sharing. The ability to share this phone's internet connection is awesome and works really well. It works great on both 3G and especially 4G. It is simple to use, and at $15 a month is a much better value than a Mifi card.Call Quality. The call quality is great on this phone, and is much better than the Motorola Triumph which sometimes sounded muffled. It is clear for both you and the person you are talking to.Bluetooth.  The Bluetooth on this phone works great both with a headset and with my car.  I love how it seamlessly transitions from my Podcast Application (Doggcatcher), Navigation, and phone calls.  I really didn't expect it to work as great as it does.Processor. This phone is snappy and doesn't seem to have any processor induced lag at all. No matter what I run or play, it works the way it is supposed to, even when I'm multi-tasking. The processor seems to be more than adequate.Durability. The back case on this phone comes off too easily. It was even off in the box when I first got my phone. I addressed this by getting an Otterbox case for the phone, but over-all, I don't find the back cover design to be that good on this phone. I will update this review if anything breaks or causes any issues on it, although I think that putting the Otterbox on it will prevent any problems. If you are planning on using it without a case, you might have issues if your back cover is as susceptible to coming off as mine is.Reliability. So far, I have had no issues with applications or functions crashing on this phone. It works consistently and flawlessly. I will update this review if I find anything getting hung-up or crashing.  I have had the phone since they first released it, and still haven't had any problems.HTC Sense. This is my first phone with HTC Sense UI. I would prefer that the phone was just vanilla Android because HTC Sense UI doesn't add anything that I care about, but it also doesn't seem to cause any problems or get in the way. HTC Hub provides some pretty good ringtones and wall papers. Overall, I find HTC Sense UI to be neither a good nor bad thing. It includes some things that I use, but if it wasn't there, the stock Android versions of things like the Music Player and Calendar would have been fine. Stock Android makes it easier to switch between brands, which I think is the exact reason the manufacturers like to do things like Sense, to increase the cost to customers for switching brands in the future.  HTC wants to get you used to Sense and Samsung and Motorola each want to get you used to their skin.If there are any topics that you wanted me to address that I failed to, please let me know in the comments and I will update this review for you.// Update after 6 months. 15SEP2012 //I have had this phone for 6 months now, so wanted to give an update.  It continues to work very well.  I'm considering getting the Laza Zcell extended battery that Danny K. has been raving about, but only because it sounds cool.  I am not really having any battery life issues with the stock battery.One thing that I was surprised with about this phone, and am very pleased with especially compared to other VM phones, is that they are constantly updating the software.  The Triumph, Intercept, and other VM phones I had never seemed to get any software support from VM or from their OEM's.  This phone gets patched and improved constantly (about every 1 to 2 months).  I have been happy with the phone ever since I got it, but knowing that they still have people devoted to keeping it current and fixing bugs that users find makes me even more happy with it.  It is my first HTC phone ever, on any carrier, and their continued support for their product will probably keep me coming back.I have now issues to report after six months.  The phone is still working well.  We like it so much that we bought a second one.  We are now a 2 EVO house.  We usually have two different VM phones, so we can compare them, but until they come out with something better, we'll probably be sticking with the EVO for a while.

I purchased this android as an upgrade to my outdated LG phone because it showed great promise with the 4g capability and the &#34;Hot Spot&#34; feature, little did I know I would grow to hate HTC phones in less than a month. Aside from the notorious interference code known to HTC phones that occasionally pops up when ever I am texting and rendering my phone useless for a few minutes or two, my phone became possessed by a ghost, it would hang up on me all the time and the touchscreen started dialing apps and numbers on its own. Long story short, I am done with Androids for a while, Virgin Mobile Androids last me an average of 6 months before they've all taken a crap of some sort, I just switched to the IPhone 4S, hope Apple doesn't disappoint, wish me luck! PS: As a loyal VM customer of 4 years now, it is quite disappointing VM does not take better care of its customers in way of some incentive to upgrade to a better phone when crappy ones fail. Oh we'll, guess they gotta make up for the cheap monthlies some how!

Phone is okay, but could better. Have had a few problems with it, but customer service for this product is great.

This phone (computer) does everything that a computer does but better in some cases. The camera is truly great and takes great pictures in 2D and 3D. It steams Netflix in 3G very well and the sound quality as an IPOD with stereo headphones is wonderful. You can upload songs from your computer with the cord that is provided. It is the same cord that you use to charge the battery. Ths speed is fast and the touchscreen is excellent. The only drawback is the battery. One can make the battery last longer by downloading a battery saver app and one can also go to a larger battery with a different back that comes with the new battery. I would highly recommend this phone and you will be amazed at the 3D pictures and videos that you can take with this cell phone. Let me add that the phone is fantastic but the Virgin Mobile service is very bad and they charge you 2 to 3xs the minutes that are actual talking minutes. Also, they are going to put a cap on data speed in 2013. I would not recommend Virgin Mobile to anyone.

This phone is great with 4g, however the battery doesn't last long.  Other than that it is very fast, and has many great features including the 3d camera

When I bought this, it was used. It took forever for the seller to get it all set up. I debated returning it and wish I had. The voicemail didn't work at all, and I had to use speaker phone to call anyone. I switched almost immediately!

Had it for a week phone came on time so far I love this phone,pics aren't great but good enough..



I bought this phone in December last year and I had contact to the Hotline of Virgin about 20 Times...It seems they can not resolve the Error Code 67 issue which causes that you are not able to use your phone!Sometimes the ##CLEAR# helps, but not everytime....

Read the specs and never imagined that this phone would be so great especially at this price with a good camera and cool 3d features.

I have had the HTC EVO V for about a month now and so far I love it. I live in the metro Detroit area so Virgin Mobile doesn't have 4g here yet. Even so the phone operates very quickly on the 3g network here and for less than 50 a month with no contract this is a very cool smart phone.

GOOD PHONE FOR MY PURPOSE,ONLY MINOR PROBLEM IS BATTERY CHARGE LIFE, WISH IT WAS LONGER. ALL IN ALL, GREAT PHONE

We bought this for our neice, she is very happy with it, and for an eighteen year old that says quite a bit.

The phone itself is great...the company harder to deal with. Once we got the bugs worked outthe phone works great

This is perfect for me. The only down fall is how sensitive it is, but other than that , its a really good phone.

I am only giving it 4 stars because the stock battery that it comes with has an absolutely atrocious battery life. It is very, very poor. I would have given it 2 stars for this reason, but thankfully there is a extended battery for it that you can buy called a Laza ZCell. I bought it here on amazon and it more than quadrupled my battery life. If you buy this phone, you are truly not finished purchasing until you get the laza zcell battery also, trust me on that.It has a fast processor meaning that browsing the web, using apps, playing games, and anything else is going to be very fast. I do not have 4g in my area yet but the 3g almost always loads web pages quickly for me. When I first got this it was new with them and I paid $250. It was worth it then and at this Amazon price is a great deal. It works great and I have so far used it for anything and everything. It is a pity so many people on here are giving it bad reviews because of the errors they are receiving. Sorry for them but mine works perfectly. Another superb feature is the 3D. It takes great looking 3D pictures and you can even do some cool 3D video capture with it. This feature is very cool.Overall I am super satisfied with my phone.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.  30% of them are flawed.  Read on to learn why.On paper, the V, which is a Virgin Mobile re-tooling of the HTC evo 3D, looks like a winner.  It has top-tier dual-core processing power, 4G capability, versatility on the Sprint network, and that much touted, oh-so-cool 3D screen.  And while you can find many glowing (indeed, euphoric) reviews on this phone, none of them address a few very important, often ignored, deeply disturbing technical flaws.1) SEVERE network signal issues---This was the most immediate problem right out of the box.  The V consistently and unfailingly drops data coverage, often going from 1G, to 3G, to 1G, and then no signal at all, sometimes in as little as a minute.  I live in an area that gets fine data coverage and slightly below-average call reception.  I have had Blackberries, AT&T;, and Motorola phones all worked fine within my area.  I have never had an issue with data coverage.  If I look out my west bedroom window, I can see the blinking light of a Sprint tower not two miles away.  When I contacted VM about the issue, I got the usual corporate read-from-a-manual garbage: pull the battery, update the profile, and so on.  Nothing worked.  Call reception will be fine, then drop like a rock with no warning on any call within a couple of minutes.If this were a fluke, I could understand, but a quick search on online forums, like XDAdevelopers and androidforums, reveals that this is a very common issue that is unavoidable.  The software is simply broken, and HTC nor VM will do anything about it.  Google "htc evo v signal issues" and you will get an eye-opening response.  Three out of every ten people are having this same problem.2)  Battery life---This one wasn't much of a surprise, given that an integrated 3D display requires two displays to run simultaneously.  As such, anyone would expect the battery to drain fast, but here's the problem---before I even got to the 3D shenannigans, I was barely getting an hour of wifi-connected web surfing.  The battery simply drains like a perforated boiler.  Flip on the 3D, however, and you can almost actively see the battery meter run dry.  An extended battery solves the problem, but did HTC honestly believe this battery life to be acceptable??  I have read one reviewer describe the battery life as being "incredible."  How he came to that conclusion I have no idea, unless he was using the word as it its literal meaning; that is to say, having no credibility.  On that point, I would have to agree (and stop one step short of thinking it was a case of paid review farming.)3)  VM customer service---This is not so much a jab at the phone as it is the people willing to back it.  Yes, VM has excellent customer service, but only so long as you have a phone that works.  If not, their "technical support" consists of outsourced undergraduates reading pre-written tracts.  None of the people I talked to had any idea how a phone really worked, but they sure can tell you how to pull a battery out.  What they WON'T do is fix your problem by taking back your phone and replacing it with another model.  Curiously enough, when I sent emails to their technical support line, it took them an average of two days to get back to me.  It was due to "an unusually high volume of technical requests," they said.  Unusually high, indeed.The software in this phone is broken.  If you get a bad one, be prepared for the consequences.  VM is having a blowout sale on these right now, and I suspect I know why.  After all, if I committed a crime, I wouldn't want to be caught with the evidence, either.

this is one of those most powerful feature filled phones in the price range from pay as you go type carriers at the time espcially if you catch it on sale*the screen looks better then my sisters galaxy 2 which is about the same size.*its hard to slow this phone down, can be done but i think it has a 1.2ghz dual core chip*3D camera is actually really cool, pretty worthless over all because most people dont have a 3d phone, i think this was an underrated feature that did not really catch on but it works very well*the camera seems to be able to take good pictures BUT IT SUCKS.  i mean it can produce a good picture in perfect conditions but the software or whatever for the camera sucks. auto focus, flash, etc.. never seem to work together. my phone always has a thousand pics on it because it takes 6 tries to get one worth keeping.*my phone has had more issues then i feel is acceptable,  errors when trying to send texts (fixed by an update) very poor battery life, over-heating, and recently randomly shuts off and shows a grey "!" for the battery*currently i unplug my phone in the morning at 9am, and some days by 12-3pm its already almost dead with just light to moderate use.. other days lasts until 6-7pm, its like having a corded phone againcalled htc they do not acknowledge your date of purchase on amazon as the begining of your warranty, so according to them my phone is out of warranty 6-7 months old even though it has a 1 yr manufac. warranty.  they want me to fax them in proof of purchase and call them back, then they might send me one or somthing.. probably just going to order a spare battery and save time. hopefully that solves my problem

this phone is great! the speed is great,the camera is excellent!!! the screen is awesome. overall 5 out of 5 stars

My husband got the HTC EVO 4G for me last Christmas and I have had nothing but positive comments to say about this phone. My husband has an IPhone and he regrets daily that he did not also purchase an EVO for himself! I have not had a single bad experience with my phone, and I wish that HTC had not discontinued it`s availability in the U.S. I think that the EVO 4G is a better product even than the HTC One. My no-contract service thru Virgin for the past 3+ years has also been a very affordable and positive experience and I highly recommend them. The two year - high dollar contracts are a huge waste of money just to get a phone cheaper! You end up paying 3-4X`s the savings on a phone in the monthly contract costs for marginal or poor service on a phone that never works as well as it was supposed to! Then you end up buying another brand or model and spend even more .

I have purchased this phone off of virgin mobile last year when they were having a sale and once it came to my door, i picked it up and was filled with joy when i was able to use it for the first time. First thing i noticed was that the screen of the phone looked great. The feel of the phone is also really nice, it feels very solid and does not feel cheap at all. This phone feels really great in my hand.The phone it's self was amazing, but the software isn't so great. I rooted my phone about a month after i received it because i too was receiving the error code with SMS.Once i Rooted it and changed the ROM to a Jellybean 4.1.2 ROM everything was fixed and the phone ran great!Other than that, there were not many problems with this phone. This is by far the best phone on virgin mobiles network, in my opinion.i have just purchased my second HTC EVO V 4G because my first one suffered water damage but i went straight back to buy the same phone again. it's that great.

The phone is great 2 start no buts about it. its fast and if u get the right apps the battery will last all day. get this phone by virgin mobile or boost mobile u will like it

Been with Virgin Mobile for almost 2 years now and I love them.  Their customer support is great, their rates haven't changed, service and coverage is good; I've been very happy with them.  This phone itself is only the second one I've had from Virgin, and so far so good!  The only downside I have with it are the buttons at the bottom - sometimes I touch them without meaning to and they're super sensitive.

I received the phone in excellent condition and in a timely manner. I was very satisfied that it arrived exactly as specified and originally it did have issues with error message and no phone call or text messages coming In or going out.  After about 24 hours there was a system update that solved the problem. Now it works perfectly, the only issue now is the poor battery life, but this phone is a monster, it is so much faster than my previous Htc One V. I would surely recommend it to others, and I would buy from this supplier again.

I found the same phone at virgin mobile for a lot less money. I found the phone for $189.00. So l am choosing to buy it else where.

This was a good choice years ago when it first came out, but it will not work on Virgin's new 2013 4G LTE network which provides data speeds that are ten times faster than Virgin's obsolete 3G network.Instead, take a look at Virgin's newest 4G LTE phones for 2013 such as the LG F3.

Not enough internal storage. I don't have a lot of apps but my phone is full and won't allow apps to update. Fast phone. love the 4g, plays most games, decent screen size and resolution. 3d actually works though I have no real use for it. speaker is decently loud, works well with skype. Only complaint is storage is bad on this.

I got this phone for my wife after reading some positive reviews and hearing good things about HTC phones on other networks. After several months my wife has had many problems with the quality of phone calls and just staying connected during a call. I am quite sure it is not the signal strength because my son has a different VM phone in the same area of VA and he has no problems with call quality. This phone on VM has some significant problems. My wife and I have not tried to resolve these yet through VM. Their customer service is poor (always in a far away country with difficulties understanding people and revolving problems). My son has had positive results with VM but with this HTC Evo phone my wife hates VM!

I love this phone its everything i throught it would be and some, I love it. the transaction was great and the order was fast and that is what i like. THANKS.
