
Best bang for your buck, great phone great performance and just updated it to android 4.2.2 now it's even better.

I received my order on time as promised the phone is in good condition when I receceived it and it has all the features that were descrived Im now using it and it satisfy my expectation the only concern I have is in the battery that only last 24hrs even though I've already enabled the power save tool can you give me some advise on that.all in all its a good buy thanks

Bought this phone as a gift for my fianc&eacute;e and she can't put it down. Its been approximately two months since the phone has arrived and its been working great so far.

I bought this as a gift to my wife (B'day).Got fed up with AT&T; contracts. Now I'm happy and can move to any carrier.Only thing got concern is, when I open it first time saw some Asian language settings. Other than that everything is good.

Tudo perfeito, &oacute;timo celular, s&oacute; no est&aacute; atualizando segunda a samsung est&aacute; as liberando. Infelicidade, quero atualiza-lo logo. Amei esse celular, perfeito. iPhone &eacute; para os fracos!!!

I love the phone, I just wish the volume was a little louder I can hardly hear it. Other than that I love it

this phone when i connect to a PC this show me the phone as a SGH - I747..!! and i have some trouble to update the firmware..!!

I love this cellphone it's perfect to use in Venezuela... Kisses =) buy it!! I don't change it never 'cause it's amazing...

I love this phone! The software on it is amazing the performance of the phone is the best you can get. I use T-Mobile and my 4g network is fast and flawless. I love the size of the screen and how easy it is to type on it. It takes great photos and the flash is awesome. I feel like my whole life is on this phone and I can do anything with it. I will be using this phone for years to come - it's so awesome!

It has many languages including Chinese in it, which is what I bought it for. Video playing is fast. The pictures are nice. No 'AT&T' on the back cover like some other Samsung galaxy 3. The battery is not bad as I expected. One shortcoming is the manual; it's in a language other than English or Chinese, which I can't understand at all. The other shortcoming is still about the language. It has some pre-installed apps in it; the apps are also in the language I can't understand. I can't delete those apps, I can only hide them.

I was led to believe I would be getting the S3-I9300 as advertised. Instead, I got the S3-I747. I distinctly recall asking the question to ensure that it was the I9300 and I was told yes. The box did say I9300 but the actual product was an AT&T I747

I have one of this international version, and after a year of use, and after installing a update (Android ver. 4.1.2) this cell started to act funny: lags, screen freezing, reboots, etc... Not even manufacturer's support, since its guarantee is void... Don't buy it, or else you will have a beautiful brick in a close future... Watchit!

Before I review the phone, I would like to address the bait and switch that seems to be going on.  I purchased this phone from a vendor that was fulfilled by Amazon, thinking I should be able to trust that vendor.  Not so.  Mobile Brothers advertised it as an unlocked international with a quad core processor.  The protective sticker on the screen even said quad core.  However, it was the AT&T; dual core version.  As always, Amazon was great.  Knowing I need a phone, they issued a refund and gave me 30 days to send the crap I bought back.  I then did some research, and found a vendor who had an actual telephone number and had a chat with them.  Their offering was not prime eligible but after speaking to the gentleman, and being assured that what I was getting was advertised, I took a chance.  Phone arrived in 4 days, and one of those days was Thanksgiving.  I opened the box, fired it up and it is indeed, the international version with quad core and FM radio feature.  Neither one of these are available for the US models.  Only dual core and no radio.  If you are considering purchasing this phone, ThePowerSellers will not rip you off.  Great vendor!Now the phone.  I have seen some people claim it's a cheaper version because it's the international version.  I have no idea what they're on.  I have a friend with a US version and quality is just as good.  Even better, as the international version has more features than the US version.  It boots up in 22 seconds. (I just timed it)  Has more features than I've even discovered yet.  S-Voice is a great tool.  You can control most of the phone's features, make calls, and send text messages by voice.  There is a whole slew of gestures you can enable.  The camera is amazing for a phone camera.I can't say a lot more as I haven't had it long enough to explore all the features myself.  This is a great phone so far.  I don't know what the longevity will be, but then you don't really know that with any electronic device, so only time will tell there.**UPDATE 12/4/2013  I have received an email from Mobile Brothers stating that they did not sell the wrong item intentionally.  They seem pretty sincere and due to a couple facts I believe them.  The box was factory sealed, as best as I can tell.  The protective sticker, as I stated before said Quad Core.  It also states quad core on the back of the box.  It would almost seem that the fault lies with Samnsung itself.  While I know that some vendors are dishonest, I would like to think the majority of them ARE honest. So I will change the feedback I left for Mobile Brothers accordingly.  And my apologies for any trouble I might have caused them as it would seem they sold the item in good faith.

It's brand new as described, loves it, works perfectly and it is absolutely a very nice looking phone, it's functional and it has a very high quality screen.absolutely recomend this phone is a fine piece of art!

I've had no issues with this phone. I got it because I was finally doing more with my phone. So I managed to talk myself into upgrading to a more expensive phone. It's awesome! The battery life is pretty good. I'm not plugged into the wall all the time like a lot of other people. I usually just charge it overnight. It's locked up twice since I've had it, which has been almost 6 months now. *shrug* I'm not concerned. It unfroze and I rebooted it. Yeah. Just very happy with it.

Great Phone - Better than iPhone 5S. Easy to use and very flexible tocustomize for my personal use. Easy transaction and fast delivery.

I originally bought this phone, as I was sold on all of the potential things that this phone could do + the larger screen. I have had battery issues since day 1, and was told that I should turn off wifi, not use the high speed network setting, not use the animated wall paper, etc. - what good is a phone that you cannot even use? I have tried two different batteries and both have had the same issues. They are completely unpredictable: sometimes they don't charge at all, sometimes it takes 24hrs+, sometimes the battery % will drop from 100% to 30% within a couple of hours of being on standby with wifi off & all apps turned off. One 2 minute phone call can drain my phone's battery by 25-40%. I cannot wait for my contract to be over so that I can go back to the iPhone. I have had two iPhones previously and had absolutely no issues with either of them. Don't risk purchasing a Samsung phone, as from my internet searches there appears to be lots of other folks experiencing battery issues + customer service issues with Samsung.

love it, no other way to describe it. Had it delivered to New York area but live in Europe and it was no problem at all.

This phone is advertised as &#34;4G Network Region Based&#34;. According to Samsung, the I9300 product IS NOT a 4G phone. It doesnot include a 4G chip. The term &#34;Network Region Based&#34; is, therefore, meaningless, as the phone does not have 4G capability.Only the I9305 product is equipped with a 4G chip. This is a clear-cut case of false advertising by &#34;manipulation of terms&#34;, with ahigh &#34;likelihood of confusion&#34;, and can, therefore, be the object of civil enforcement. Potential customers should be aware of this &#34;manipulation of terms&#34; before placing their order for this item to avoid the hassle of returning it to the third-party vendor.

the phones that i purchased didn't come with its original chargers. And i didn't received any notification that it would be like that

EXCELENT CELULAR PHONE THE BEST its very fast, excelent digital images, a lot of free aplications, download very very fast, best than Iphone

I'd been using Samsung "Memoir" for the past 4 yrs. But this Galaxy S3 provided so many advanced features that I'm still learning. Its big screen and its abilities to magnifying small details on pictures really help me explaining to my friends. AV is also very clearer. Iphone-5 can't beat this. It is simply a computer in my pocket. Thanks to Samsung.

I love this phone enjoying it to the max after I got my sim to micro size I am busy using it now love it love it

I am very disappointed because the phone is locked for my country and I have to pay a lot of money to unlock it!

Very good. I live in venezuela and it works very good. I can use it with my line in my country

good cellphone, the only bad thing i haveto say is about the signal in Venezuela for Movistar.. sucks!!... and.. i think the phone does not help at all

I have been a apple fan since the beginning that being said I have own the iphone 3g 3gs 4 and finally the 4s always had them factory unlock and the bad thing about that is that you cant have 3g or 4g only edge with is slow and you cant do any ios updated but one day I saw my mom had a galaxy s3 so I start it to pley with it and oh boy I felt in love with it the screen is amazing and big with it was the main reason I got this phone my 4s looks like a toy next to it the whole iphone is the size of the screen in the galaxy also my favorite part is that I bought a galaxy from tmobile and I have simple mobile with they use the same towers as tmobile so as soon as I put ky sim card everythibg work no unlock needed nothing and to top everything off I have 4g now :) boy I was missing out in the 4g its so fast compare to edge is not even funny and I also live this thing that the galaxy has call flipboard its awesome and its way faster than the 4s also I like that when someone calls you u can reject the call with a message if you have a iphone and want to upgraded u wont regret getting a galaxy s3

This phone was an upgrade from a Nexus One and I couldn't be happier with my purchase.  It's fast, has a great battery life and a beautiful screen.  The firmware updated a few weeks ago to Jelly Bean (4.1.1).  Everyday I discover more features and reasons to be happy with my purchase.  I have been using this phone for almost 3 months.

i hate this phone so much! it was a waist of money the interface is bad and my camera has sense stopped working alone with other apps like the internet your better off to spend $300 on a rock!

Battery does not last anything, with low use lasts less than 6 hours that's normal?. with another charger USB charging does not pass a certain point

The phone was everything as described & even better. Unfortunately I didn't do my homework & I couldn't get it to work on my Straight Talk service & I returned the phone & the gentleman was awesome he refunded my money no problem & he offered to help me get it working but if any of you have straight talk you know what I mean..there customer service is AWFUL. I believe this guy is a true gem & I would highly recommend him and his phones again. Thanks so much.

I bought this for my brother and He called this phone as the son of my galaxy note 2 .. they have almost the same function except for the S Pen that my note have...He gave his iphone 4s to his nephew who is in collage .. When my bro came to my house he always talk about with this phone on how it amazes him every day.

PHONE CAME ON TIME AND IN GOOD CONDITION, BUT TOOK OVER SIX HOURS TO CHARGE AND THE CHARGING LAST ONLY HALF A DAY.AFTER REPEATING THE PROCESS OVER A FEW DAYS IT STILL HAS THE ISSUE. I AM LEFT TO BELIEVE  THAT THE BATTERY IS NOT GOOD AND NOW HAVE TO PURCHASE A NEW ONE,HOPES THIS SOLVES THE PROBLEM. SO BUYERS BEWARE.

I've had this phone twice, the first time I dropped it from 2 feet and the phone cracked in many places and never worked the same and had to be sent for repairs. The second phone the screen just burned on me after 5 months and Samsung wants to charge me $152.66 to fix it. I have three friends that have the same phone and the software malfunctions on all three of them. Does not work well with skype or viper, the programmers should be ashamed. I will go with the Iphone from now on because at least it's better made and can withstand a small drop from 2 feet.

good friend I have tremendous shipping with the purchase I made the samsung galaxy that was supposedly released and new to me is rebuilt and not connected to internet says something AT&T; why?have software that is not published in the article I could not use the phone because of you that I sold this product q is released and comes with ROOT which ustede downloaded it to free Venezuela'm losing money, annoying and without having someone make a formal complaint ...

all good, but the phone was not unlocked and I had to pay extra, I was disappoint . thanks you

i love my cellphone

o n l y  p h o n e &#12290;&#12290;&#12290;&#12290;e v e n  n o  D a t a  l i n e s &#12290;&#12290;&#12290;&#12290;&#12290;o h&#12290;&#12290;&#12290;&#12290;&#12290;and it's T-mobile/// I want verizon&#12290;&#12290;but phone is nice&#12290;

Item was received on timely basis. Exactly as noted.Excellent product , that I would hughly recommend to anyone , as well as the overall experoence w/ the order

This International version works in the US as follows: AT&T; No LTE, T-Mobile only EDGE No 3G, No 4G. Not compatible with Verizon or Sprint network.edit: 2 users have claimed that their Intn'l version does produce on AT&T; 4G range.

Amazing phone.I fully recommend this product, totally worth every dollar spent on it. I love it. High performance, lots of apps.

Translationis beautiful, works perfect. I like it. does not have any detail. this desbloquedo factory. arrived in good condition. I recommend it.

This phone is amazing, it really makes all other phones look obsolete! i've had it for 3 weeks and now all other phones (including, and especially iphones) look ridiculous! the screen size and resolution is amazing and it works perfectly fine. The product got to me on time and is in perfect conditions. Completely recommend the seller and the phone!:)

This is a wonderful phone. I use it at the university and it is very useful. Fast, nice, good apps.

Really good phone. Awesome freatures. Will become even better on recieveing Jelly Bean update. Huge screen, great support and awesome app from play store.

I feel cheated and disappointed. I get the phone to my country. and it hurt me 2 months. cell was white came in a blue box, the battery is not a Samsung ORIGINAL. In my country tell me that the phone is Chinese, a clone. I have no possibility to fix it because the battery fails. I do not recommend buying this product to the company.

Me encanta mi celular, Al vendedor lo recomiendo 100%, tuve la entrega antes de tiempo... no me quejo de absolutamente nada.

I hate this phone. Will NEVER have another samsung product. Battery barely makes it 4 hours and that's with nothing on and not using it for anything. You cannot go out about town and use this phone. it has to be charging all the time to work. So loaded with bloatware from samsung and verizon phone does not work as advertised. Beware buying from verizon, they do not honor theri products they sell or customers. too damn smug to care once they get your money. i would give NO STARS but will not post w/o one.

It is pretty qualified phone. For me its screen is far beyond my expectations, flowers in the screen seem a real flowers. I used to use iphone 4s, the quality are similar, but one negative thing for this phone is that it is very light for me. overall this phone is as excellent as iphone 4s

Excellent

I bought one and waiting for two weeks to get it.  It works one day only and the second day the screen was black. I have to return it.I am disappointed in the phone.The returning is easy.Thank you amazon

I got Galaxy S3 as gift for my bro and he simply loved it :) :) .. The phone is excellent as we all know and i got good deal on amazon compared to market value. The delivery was outstanding. I was able to track the product and it was delivered exactly on the date promised by the seller. Only drawback i guess would be if you buy it from store you will be getting an extra battery along with mobile charger which wasn provided by the seller but then just for one extra battery you will be paying easily 200bucks more in shop.  S3 in every way is the smartest and fastest phone with fun applications and amazingly user friendly. So if you thinking of buying a new phone go for it guys its worth the money :)

Phone is awesome!! Perfect considering I didn't pay a huge amount for it!! I would certainly recommend this phone for everyone

This phone is very good. It is high quality, the screen looks great and sounds very good. The size is perfect and the camera is very cuena. I am very happy with this purchase. 100% recommend this product

After doing much research, because I wanted to get the international version, the Galaxy SIII (I9300)international version is not the phone that you want.  It will work only for text and talk on all major US GSM Networks.  If you want 4G LTE OR 4G HSPA+ speed it will not work.  It will only work for 2G EDGE on T-MOBILE and maybe 3G UMTS on AT&T, will not work on 4G networks.  The best thing to do is buy the AT&T (I747) version and get it unlocked so you can use it on T-MOBILE and abroad as well, it is a few dollars cheaper than the international version too.

As a Galaxy S and Galaxy S2 user, I find Samsung's next generation of its flagship Android phone specially interesting. My first impressions were dominated by it's bigger size, compared with its predecessors - it's 4.8 inches compared with the S2's 4.3 - and as you swipe up to wake the device up, it has a beautiful screen. I loved the watery sound and the ripples that signal Samsung's nature theme for this phone. So much, in fact, that I must admit I kept turning the phone on and off a good many times just to see the animation again and again. The ripples are also an immediate demonstration of how fluid and fast the phone is, and this you can see immediately as you begin to navigate around. Stuff happens so fast when you touch something that you've actually got to start being savvy about how it behaves to avoid accidental touches. This is Android on steroids.The specs on this device make it the fastest powerhouse in the smartphone world right now. Samsung's own Exymos quad-core processor (at least on the device I reviewed) and 1GB of RAM make everything you do on this phone fast. Browsing, videos, (sorry but I hate games), multi-tasking etc is supersonic. The S3's camera is said to be the same one as on the iPhone 4s. In daylight, you get great pictures. I didn't fare so well with low light conditions, but that's the case with most smartphone cameras. This phone has a few tricks up its sleeve which I at first was most excited about because it signified a direction in enhancing the user's experience. Not all of these worked as well as they should though. There's the S-Voice, the Siri clone, which didn't necessarily understand me or be very helpful. I asked it what I could take for a headache and it said it really couldn't help with that. Another personal assistant app, Iris, although mostly into sassy answers, told me what over-the-counter medicine to try. But the S Voice goes off to search for stuff I wanted coming back with instant results unlike Iris who tells me to go do a search on my own. She also sometimes tells me I can take what I like for a headache! The S Voice function is supposed to wake the phone up and that's where I had the most frustration. Similarly with opening up various apps on the phone.Another trick, Smart Stay, is supposed to keep the screen lit up while you're looking at it. This is achieved with the front-facing camera, of course. But it just doesn't work in low-ish indoor lighting. The one reason it gets a rating of 4 is because these features weren't taken to their fullest flawless extent when the company's line is "Designed for humans." But other tricks such as the S Beam to share files and All Share Play to stream music and other media, work well. The S2 sold wildly -- now it remains to be sen whether the S3 will be as stellar.My phone was a review unit from Samsung and is now back with them. The detailed review and FAQ is on the Businessworld website, should anyone be interested in comparisons etc.

is the best phone, my wife is very happy for this and the quality is excelent.the phone is complete

i would recommend this bcuz i bought this for my cousin's birthday who is in D.R. the product arrived safely and nice packaged he said he loves it a lot hehehe and he told me it even charges with solar energy really? wow im amazed and he also said it woks fine thanks u a lot seller u made one very happy person in my country Dominican republic :)

After having my phone just for  months i realize that it is a fraud it dosent even have an original rom (ROM STOCK) from samsung so a can not update it through OTA and it says that it has ben modify so i cant do it by samsung kies either, as if that were not enough the battery got damage and when i bought the replacement battery it didnt even match with my phone or course because IT IS NOT A SAMSUNG GALAXY S3 wich i should imagine since the first day because the phone its white and it came in a blue box and without headphones so summarizing FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD!!!!!!! LIERS!!!

Got this phone when it first came out and I was pleased to have a phone other than an iPhone. The S3 has much more features as compared to the iphone and the operating system is much better. Probably the first phone to stand up to the iPhone.

1) Cannot take the full advantage of the phone because it does not work with US carriers.2) The S talk feature is not as good as apple counterpart.

Overll a great experience for this product. This has all the latest futures and the word of free apps with Andriod OS.

i ordered ceramic white but got marble white.it should be factory unlocked but my sim is not working in that.also the s&#34; button written in samsung&#34; on the back of phone is ripped of.screen protector was attached when i got the phone. t mobile logo appears when i turn on the phone. i completely don't trust its a new phone. this is totally insane. totally wrong product.

good product

this was bought as a gift and it was absolutely loved.the price was ok as well.  this is a must have.

The GPS doesn't take effect in China.  Have to turn on the WIFI or enable Mobile Data.In use, it worked very well.

I would recommend this product to any one, read quick start manual at this time I do not have required micro sim card to check phone operations and use,the shipment was longer than stated shipment date item was lost in shipment after speaking to company another phone was sent while investigation is made as to what came of the phone

After a long time looking for a good phone, I decided to buy the S3.I bought the &#34;Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone - International Version&#34; but I received the GT-I9305T, which is very good and works in Brazil, that was my concern.I'm very happy with my purchase.

I bought this phone because I like being untethered as opposed to the iphone total lock down. Looking at it online it seemed a little big but after I got it in realised how sleek and nice it feels in the hand and pocket.It is really fast,  smooth and feature rich. As with all android phones it is supported by 600,0000 applications. This is like.The best part about this is that all the features now available on the iphone 5 were on the galaxy long before. Most people don't realise but the iphone is actually behind in terms of features.It you want features and to be untethered get this phone.

I love my cellphone, its a really good product and it comes in any language you want.. 100% happy.. good seller

On the description it said (NEW) and what I received was a blend of i9300 and i939....reconstructed openbox! very dissapointed

Excellent phone samsung brand.a team of high-level suarios demanding.I highly recommend it especially if you like the android operating system

The shipping estimate wasn't right and it was almost a month waiting on it. It was really worth the wait because it really works very well.

I love the phone, very quick, nice shape and you can set the language to brazilian portuguese.Works perfectly in Brazil !! I did not had to change my number.The only trouble is NOT related to the phone itself, but to the SIM card. I had to cut it to fit.5 starts !!!

The shipment was prompt, the box it came with was sealed, an indication that the product was brand-new. All the accessories was in the box as advertised. I was elated to have purchased this phone, it's exactly what I wanted. It's loaded with a lot of usefull features. However after two weeks of enjoying it's use; the Touch Screen feature stopped working - without which the phone is useless. I tried a "factory reset"  as suggested by  Top10Cell Customer Rep. but it did not do any good. Because of this I have to return the phone.

I bought this device from this seller: Winda USA.It was supposed to be a brand new unlocked S3. It doesn't say anywhere it was a refurbished or used item.At the beginning it worked fine, but later it got stucked, frozen, had problems with the wi-fi and the battery didn't charge fully. Besides, the battery went down very fast from 64% to 10% in 30 minutes.First, I thought it was the Android version. Many blogs talk about it in the web. But, the Android version what the device came with was a correct one. So, that made me think it could not be the software. Then, I decided to take it to the technical service.My surprise was huge when I saw the device's motherboard with glue in several parts. The technician obviously told me it was not a new device certainly. I felt angry and scammed. Also, he could check that one of the charge connectors was loose and probably that was the cause of my problems with the battery. He welded it and fixed it. However, my problems with the battery continue.I will try to solve it using other methods with the software as I know it is possible.But the main fact here is that I thought I had bought a brand new device, not a used one or a refurbished one.I wrote them and I had no answer from them.Maybe that is the reason why this seller put in the title &#34;No Warranty&#34;. Now, I see it.I DO NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE to purchase this item from this seller. Be very careful and don't let they fool you as it happened to me.

Although I am first time user of the Android phone , I research a lot before buying this set , I think I am right with the reveiws guided me well . the phone is working very well. it is very user friendly and guide me all the time to the proper way. but the only problem is the battery that burn out within one day . otherwise the phone is alright.

EXCELLET

Best galaxy phone  ever had! Lots of memory, rarely freezes and has high quality camera!

These phones are used, lost a lot of money buying from this buy, Amazon take this seller off there ripping off people, said new but its used an cost the same as new phones.Very disappointing an hurt about it, dealing with amazon for years make me wonder what next to do. Take this buyer down an beware people there spammers.

Best phone so far, the camera is the best part, no other camera and shoot as fast as this phone. The screen quality is extremely good. The phone is thin and the screen is big enough to play games and read emails.For some reason when I play high quality games, the phone gets extremely hot.The battery last a long time compared to other phones.I would of like different color options

My husband loves his phone, battery last a lot and phone is super fast, he is an Android guy and would buy it again

the next big thing is already here, got this for the girlfriend, she doesn't really like all these gadgets like me, but lives this phone and feels like she is a whole new world after moving from an iPhone 4, would not change it for anything else

my sister can't stop talking about her phone, has actually stopped carrying her laptop to work, even with the gs4 out this is a great phone

Amazing, compliant with specifications and arrived as scheduled. Offered all desired functionalities, practical for international users (unlocked). Definitely recommend it.

Is fantastic. I love it. The product is exact as described and works really fine.The only thing is that I need to wait for 4G in my country to start using the max speed.

Excellent phone. The only thing that is not included es the geotaggig geature in the camera. You should point this out.

second time that i ordered this cellphoneand I'm happy with the result!is the same that is in the picture!

is supposed to be a phone that is released for any carrier but has not released it had to pay for his release

this phone is great perfect in every way possible I have the phone in Jamaica and everything works well on my lime network. absolutely NO regrets in buying it im in love.lolcolour is really nice, just perfect.perfect phoneIt is international and it is unlocked

I like my new phone. everything was fine, but a acceptable dead pixel was on the screen. I got many apps. I love android.

I definitely recommend this phone.  It's fast, the screen is great.  It comes with the same bloatware that's installed on most phones these days, but Samsung did us a favor by shipping with an unlocked bootloader, so if you're technically skilled you can install Cyanogenmod on it.  It can run Jellybean or ICS this way.  The two that we received are both the unlocked I9300 international versions.  I would be quite unhappy if I ordered it and received the locked AT&T version as some reviewers here are describing.

the product is not indicadoen depiction comes with locking regional network to buy it and turn me dpidio network unlock code ...not recommend

At the moment, i feel this is the best droid phone right now on the market. Its fast, it has good features, and not to mention the thin size and light weight!

The exterior of the phone was in perfect conditions, just like new but I had to change the battery 'cause it didn't work!

2 batts were purchesd, only one worked well, tried recharging several times but one did not work as long as the other one.

I ordered an unlocked cellphone and the cellphone I got is locked.  I am from Panama and the cell doesn't work here.  Now I have to pay almost 50 dollars to unlocked it.Why did you send me the wrong item?Cesar

Was exactly what it said it was, came sealed brand new, all parts were included in the box, even the headphones, im happy with the purchase

nice phone, works with T-mobile very well.  Battery life much better than Galaxy 2.  Only gripe is it freezes occasionally.  Otherwise great phone!

Product had great appearance, worked as expected. since it is 'international' version, it does have a tendency for insist on metric system, I do well with both metric and imperial options.

I have a doubt, this international version works for Venezuela? I do not buy it and lose my money and buy

Very nice phone, it comes with a European charger that has an adapter plub (one plug slips over the other) for North America. Other than the inconvinience of a slightly bulky charger, it's a great phone at a great price. Beautiful screen and feels very solid and well made. Samsung has created another top of the line Androind phone.

I am from Costa Rica and I have been buying things online for more than 4 years and I have never experienced something like what happened with this seller. I bought a Samsung Galaxy S3, as described in the product's title, but when the product arrived, I realize this isn't the product I purchased, I received an Android GT A7100, which is the S3's CHINESE version !!This is an outrage. I have talked to the seller and they insist that they sent the right cellphone and the problem lies with the courier, something everyone here in Costa Rica knows it's practically impossible. Aeropost, my courier, does not touch the contents of the packages that are sent and they are not open until it is delivered.It's not possible that out of 35 negative reviews, most of them deal with the same problem. Today, March 20th, 2013, history repeats itself with this seller. I'm disgusted and I believe Amazon should do something with this seller quickly and find a way to avoid this type of repeated mistakes.As of right now, nothing has been solved.

I am coming from a HTC Merge and this Galaxy is way better. The touch screen is not only very responsive but you have the built in option of just sliding your fingers from one letter to the other to type. This makes it much more effortless than the typical input method.Its features are rich and beautiful to hold and look at. It is also very lightweight and could be carried almost anywhere. If you like having your phone on vibrate it's good because with this Galaxy you can set the vibration intensity. Then there is also the amazing speaker that works really well. Matter of fact, just about everyone who has seen me with it and played around with it wants one. If you are looking for a dual sim card, go no further its worth the buy.-Ivan Figueroa

I love my galaxy S3, finally I'm unchained from Apple.  I was so sick of apple and feeling trapped in their system.  The S3 gives me a lot more wiggle room.  I can do one task in 3 different ways it's so awesome.  I can use many different programs.  I love the fact that I can use their factory music player, but if I'm not satisfied I just switch to the google player.  Overall a great phone. The only con I have is that it's a little too wide for my hand, but I have ridiculously small hands, most people love the fact that it is so huge.  It's good enough to watch Netflix comfortably.

the delivery was as expected and the product as advertised.It's an execellent phone. the best i've ever had.The android system is superb: great apps, notification system, integration.The phone is fast, great camera and screen (size and picture quality)I love it.

It is a good phone. It was a gift for my brother. And is very happy with. It is very fast internet browsing. The only detail is that it sticks a little from time to time

after a week of using it, every time i turn it on it freezes after 5 sec. i tried to reset but didnt work. my phone is broken. it didnt fell and i  cannot use it!!!! what should i do???? garbage phone!!! what should i do?!!!!!

I bought this phone as a christmas gift for my son. I can not updated this pone. The seller told me that take it and ask for help in the store. The store updated at the beginning, on December 26, 2013. Now there is a new updated and I can not do it.

I have placed the order for Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone - International version but I received Samsung galaxy SIII/SGH-1747.

This is the first time purchasing an unlocked phone and here was my experience:- Awesome product!- It came brand new as described with whatever was supposed to come in the box.- After 7 years with AT&T; (and I never had any trouble with them) I ported one of my numbers and decided to go with StraightTalk (available at Walmart or [...]- I purchased the $59 pack that included a $15 SIM card (the packet came with three of them) and $45 of unlimited minutes, text and data for a month.- I followed the directions inserted the SIM in the phone and called StraightTalk to activate. Lo and behold I started receiving calls after a couple of hours.Hope this helps.

I love this phone. It took a while for me to get used to the thin profile, it feels flimsy at first, but I have been happy in all ways.  My only regret -- and this is a big one -- is that I went with a phone on Verizon's network. This company is atrocious when it comes to service.  When I upgraded my phone, it was bad enough that I lost my unlimited data and was forced to pay more a limited data plan.  They promised me, though, that they would keep my voice and text plan the same.  I asked twice and was promised twice.  I found out though, that they added a large surcharge for text messages and raised my price in general. Now I have been battling them now for two months to resolve the matter.  This far from my first bad experience with Verizon. I know I should have known better, but such is my loss.  My advice is to make you life better by going with another carrier. There once was a time when Verizon had the best coverage. This is in no way true anymore more though.

I have been using this phone for over a year and am still in love with it. No need to upgrade to s4 yet. The camera is great, tons of removable/rewritable storage space, and size/style is extremely appealing. Upgrade to latest software made this phone incredible; I now use my phone and tablet a thousand times more than I use my computer haha. I LOVE my S3!!

I had this phone for over 6 months now and below is my opinion about it.1. PriceSamsung achieved top position in mobile world due to best hardware at aggressive pricing but HTC ONE-X is quad core too clocked at 1.5 GHz and available at lesser price.2. ResolutionResolution of 720 x 1280 Pixels is very promising and produces a realistic display quality with high contrast and sharp looking images.3. ScreenAccording to a consumer survey 4 inch screens are most appropriate for single hand use whereas screens like 5.3 of Note and 4.8 of S3 have reduced the mobility comfort in mobiles. People end up using both hands to operate such large screens. Not to mention the increased risk of screen cracking due to inevitable rough usage. Otherwise AMOLED screen quality is phenomenal.4. BatteryBattery (2100 mAH) is quite impressive and works beyond expectations on heavy duty of such large screen and quad core processor.5. Build QualityPeople might like rounded corners and plastic finish but personally I feel the cheap looking plastic design is toy like and doesn't gives a premium look. Its a matter of individual taste.6. CameraCamera is 8mp same as that of Galaxy S2 with improved interface and color sharpness. courtesy- Android v4 ICS. Front camera is also provided.7. GraphicsGraphics have not been improved, same old Mali-400MP as that of Galaxy S2. But Quad core makes its own contributions.8. Other FeaturesHowever Samsung has always amazed its customers by setting new benchmarks in mobile world. Android Ice-cream sandwich is icing on the cake. S view and S stay though new features but are little unreal in the fast world where we cant wait and press for long, speak to mike, wait for system response and then affirm. Phew ! A bit lengthy process, I would rather touch the app icon.9. Final words and take home message.I dont think this phone is a wise buy.

I do not like this phone,actually the htc evo 3D is an older phone but it is better than this one. Firstly the front camera isn't clear (htc evo is) you can't use the camera while a call is in use (on htc evo you can) there is no FM radio you have to download a app (on htc evo its already installed) only thing i like about this phone is that you can talk & surf the web (which you can not do on htc evo)

After having had my Samsung Galaxy S3 for about 5 months I started getting messages to plug in the phone because the battery had already reached 15% after only 4 hours. When I called Samsung I was told that I would have to send them the battery and wait 2 weeks turn around time ASSUMING THEY HAVE THE BATTERY IN STOCK! My last two phones were from HTC. They never asked me to return a failing battery that was under warranty and I always received a replacement within week.  Samsung's battery warranty policy stinks. Be warned!

This phone is great, it offers a lot and the screen is incredible. Bought the phone unlocked and put in a sim card from tmobile.

The product isn't the one as described. Actually the phone is the model AT&T SGH-I747 instead of the international version I9300, as described! They are quite different, starting with different CPU, language possibles to work with, 3G vs. 4G ando so on.

Run in many countries, unlocked version is real, it works soft and easy in our country. Android system runs ok and it is better than BBZ10 and Samsung SII

less than a minute from switch-on to ready-to-call. battery life is quite decent, but using GPS drains it quite rapidly. S memo allows taking notes with your finger, which works out quite neatly, to my surprise. Samsung is onto something here.

I bought three of the Samsung Galaxy S 3 Smartphones (Marble White), from T-Mobile, in April, 2013. I already was an existing T-Mobile customer, and hence, the Smartphones represented an upgrade. Unfortunately, as recently as this past April, we were charged $579.00/per phone. The price has dropped considerably since that time (by over $200.00), since the Samsung Galaxy S4 came onto the market, shortly thereafter. However, to its credit, T-Mobile let us finance the purchase of those Smartphones, in interest free increments, over the next twenty four months. Regarding the Galaxy S3, it is essentially a mini-computer. I've been operating computers since the late 1980's; however, the operation of the Galaxy S3 was very challenging. It would not have been as difficult had we been provided with better technical support from Samsung. Samsung was very anxious for us to register our product, online. However, once you are registered, that is where their "support" ends. Essentially, if I had a question with the Galaxy S-3, Samsung either told me to contact T-Mobile, or it didn't respond at all. For example, I asked Samsung to send me an instructional manual for the S-3. They stated that they would "have to special order one, and that it would take 6-8 weeks". Several months went by, and I finally called Samsung back. They told me that no manual would be forthcoming, as they didn't provide one to T-Mobile customers! To its credit, T-Mobile's technical support staff was very patient in explaining the various components of the S-3. However, I had to buy two instructional manuals, which I found in a bookstore, to learn about that product. Even those manuals didn't include everything, so I had to go on the Internet to learn the different functions. Essentially, it took months to learn to use most of the systems. My biggest complaint with the Galaxy S-3, is that the keyboard is very small, and hence, it is very difficult to type information onto the screen. Also, at times, the information on the screen is too small, and it rotates unexpectedly from vertical to horizontal. There is a very good feature of the Galaxy S-3, which I'd like to expound upon. Namely, there is a call reject feature, which will prevent telemarketers, and bill collectors from bothering you. Many times, collection agencies have the wrong cell number, and they will continuously hound you, even when they are apprised that they have called the wrong number. We also like the still camera, and the video camera on the Galaxy S-3, as well as the digital tape recorder. Last, the quality of the voice on the Android system is far superior, to our prior experience, with a non-Android cell phone. All in all, I'm going to rate the Galaxy S-3 fours stars out of five.

a great phone for a great value, my advise is to wait alwais to buy a smart phone, unless it be a iphone, the price will drop in a 40% about a year of the release date...

very good phone in a very good priceprice ver what you get is amazingvery good cameravery good screenvery good price(:work very fast

it's very wellit's new phone I like it very muchthanks give me a nice phone ! ! !

no complaints as such. I preferred iphone compare to. Lets see if they come up with next version with nice resolution.

I love this phone. I have it for tmobile, the 32gig one. I love the phone. The single drawback, which I'm sure most already know is the battery life. This is more of a problem with tech in general. While they're busy adding features to phones that we love. We can't use any of the features without the phones dying in like 2 hours.This phone does it all. Amazing pictures, gps turn by turn works great. S-Voice I love and have fun with. Videos all stream and play nicely, same with Netflix and amazon instant. 100000s of apps, super faster, I sometimes lag on subway surfers but otherwise it's flawless. Works with all of my email accounts. The sole problem is without even using any app my phone dies 6 hours into the day. This is really sad to me. So basically if I play a game or watch a two hour movie on the phone it will be down to 50%. Also, I know that there are extended battery's out there but I dont want to ruin the sleek this of my phone by adding a fat back to it? Get my drift?4 stars for the phone's feature-1 star for the crap battery life.

Most awesome phone I've ever had. Fast, reliable, sturdy,, it's upgradable to Jelly Bean, nice hardware, beautiful, powerful. Love it.

I bought this phone and the seller sent me the european version. It is absolutly locked, and today it's impossible to unlock with app or code. So, I bought just an expensive wi-fi tablet, because of sim card that doesn't work.Every samsung S3 and Note 3 made after july 2013 is region locked. That's my last Samsung.

This is very unfortunate for me to write a review like this, but I have to explain for better understanding. I brought this new phone for $472.25 and gave as a birthday gift to my friend in Abroad. Since its first use, for every 2minutes, it started rebooting. he was so frustrated and ended up paying $150 for repairs. so consider all options before going to buy it through this seller.

This phone is advertised as a new one but all the accessories looks dirty and the headphone have an old-related yellow color. All the transparent sticker (for protection) have dirty in the gum surface. I expect it works with my carrier at least. I don't know if I expend my money in a used or refurbished phone.

Run away from Samsung, Amazon and HassleFree !!!It is called International Version but there is no warraty, neither local (US) or international. I bought the phone in US and brought it with me to Brazil. After 60 days of use the phone just stopped. I tryed support from Samsung in Brazil and US but none accepted the phone to be serviced. Samsung in Brazil said the warranty was not valid in Brazil. Samsung USA said the version was not intended to be used in US so they did't serve the model in US. I tryed Amazon and the seller HassleFreeCell. Amazon just said they coul not help because had passed more than 30 days and HassleFreeCell, after my insisting emails nad calls,  accepted to get the phone to be repaired. I sent the phone to US at my expenses and waited for more than 30 days to have a solution. Finally, when I got the phone back, I realized it came with the screen all marked and even cracked!

Sensasional phone. A stylish design, but a little big. It is a very advanced, with extraordinary functions. very happy with purchase.

I am not satisfied with Samsung galaxy charger as it is not compatible to use in US. I need to buy an extra converter to make it work. Why doesnt hassle provide with samsung galaxy phone which is compatible in US as I bought the phone is US and will use phone in US. International Version doesnt mean that charger will be given for Asian countries.

Very good service, phone as expected. It works fine with the service providers in Mexico. Getting familiar with it. Good phone

Although I like the phone itself, i'm not happy with the fact that this was supposed to be a new phone and clearly it was not. The back of the phone has scuff marks on the back. It was also sent without a English manual. I just got it but i'm not sure yet if the battery is any good, it is taking a very long time to charge, so i'm hoping i don't have to return it.

This phone is amazing, it can do a lot of things, the battery doesn't run out fast, thereare lots of apps and it even lets me change the language to Portuguese.It's a huge advance compared to a Blackberry or even iphone.It's easy to use and there are lots of utilities: compass, flashlight, alarm clock,calculator, GPS, maps, email, radio, mp3 and video player, etc.

Samsung Galaxy S III, it sleeps when you sleep, true this is a very powerful machine, its actually wealth its price. The seller packed the package as instructed which i should say was very impressive, if ever am to get another S3 am still going to get it from this seller. Good doing business with you.

excelente telefono me llego en perfecto estado y venia muy bien protegido con la emboltura recomendado 100 % funciona muy bien en venezuela

iu own other android, a this is the one to beat in the price level! fast, clear and effective. only down, the skinni plastic plate

Great customer service. Ill buy from this company, good phone and a very good price. This phone was an xmas gift for my daughter and she loved it.

We needed it to be the international version, to have all the applications in the cell diponibles. The code of the cell was GT-I9300, which was GT-I9305 delivered; here in Venezuela we were told there was an international version and therefore does not raise the 3G

I bought it for a friend. This is her first smartphone and she was able to use all the common features without asking. The interface is very natural.Great phone!!!

Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone - International... excellent 100 x 100 percent recommended and responsible . .

Ordered the phone for my daughter and she loves it.  The price was great and am using it internationally and works perfect!

The Galaxy S3 allows you to do everything you would ask for a phone and more. This particular version has a really good processor that makes it run smoothly with almost every app you get. I would definetely recommend it.

i like it.  but somehow i need to get used to it.  the battery is still a problem.  I suggest Samsung to solve this problem.

I'm so upset with the seller of this phone. This is not the international version. I was not able to return it as I bought something for another country, I dont live in the US, I wanted to use it on my country and I was not able to do it.I dont know why amazon have not blocked this seller already. They are selling something that is not what they described it.

DONT TRUST HIM! THIS CELLPHONE IS SUPPOSED TO BE UNLOCKED INTERNATIONAL BUT IT'S NOT!!! I had to find another place to unlock my phone and it cost me 65 dollars!!! couldnt get in touch w them because could not find an email or phone number. DONT BUY IT.

This product is offered with deception, does not meet the expectations, does not meet the described offers international version and comes with no Spanish language. It is a fraud.CAUTION DO NOT BUY, AMAZON ALERT!

It's probably not Samsung's fault, but the same version (S3 for 4G LTE Verizon) on VZW doesn't crashed all the time.

5 stars to this phone. All the features of the phone works perfectly. Recommended already to a lot of people.

I had been using the Samsung Galaxy S2 for a couple of months before I got the S3 and while I was really not pleased with the price, this is an outstanding phone.  I have a sister and a niece that have the I-Phone and they both swear by it, but switching my carrier was not an option for me.  My husband is in the computer business and is always researching (and sometimes getting) the newest devices, he actually does programming of android apps so I trust his opinion.  He is actually the reason that I got the Samsung Galaxy S2 and I literally fell in love with that phone.  It was the first phone that my husband had gotten for me that I actually used for more than just making/receiving calls!  I found myself checking my emails at work, searching the web for things that co-workers were talking about, and actually playing games on my phone!  I gave my S2 to my daughter so that I could justify me getting the S3, and as of today, I have not regretted that move not once.First off, let me tell you that the S3 (just like the S2) has gorilla-glass and this is the number 1 reason to get this phone, especially if you have children or are prone to drop things.  Trust me, when you pay up to $500 for a phone (or anything else for that matter) then you want to at least know that in the event that you accidentally drop it, that it is not the end of the line for your purchase.  The gorilla-glass makes the front of the phone virtually unbreakable, I mean you are not going to be able to scratch the screen or crack it unless you literally take a nail and a hammer and work at it!Now, for the S3, let me tell you...Siri has finally gotten some competition!  S-Voice is amazing!  And I love to tell her thank you because she always responds with "my pleasure" or "your welcome".  She makes finding places, checking on the weather, checking the traffic or just looking for the best time/place to see a movie so much easier than before.  I was going to ask for a tablet but no more, why bother?I have heard people complain that the phone is too large.  But honestly, the day after I got this phone and brought it into the office, people were arguing with me because they thought I didn't really have the S3 because they thought it was a lot bigger than it was.  It fits in my hand perfectly and yet has a screen that is large enough for me to check out the web w/out feeling like I am losing something by not looking things up on a standard PC.All the buttons are user friendly, you just have to get used to where they are and what all they do.  Hey, when you buy a car and learn that the volume control is also located on the steering wheel, do you not get the car?  Do you not use the option offered to you?  No, you change with innovation and with the S3 all the changes are worth it!Bottom line, I would recommend this phone to everyone that I know that can appreciate a quality android phone.  There is a reason that this phone has been in such big demand.  If you get the chance...get it...you will not regret your purchase.

Good, the next email is to make mention of my displeasure with you to buy my S3, since I bought it with the specifications and to be used RELEASED INTERNATIONALLY, and I got the same BLOCKED, I wrote several emails and made fools , giving me a bizarre answers, so the catalog as lousy dealer or seller who offered unlocked phone is a lie!! and also I add that cost me $ 45 to unlock my phone in Venezuela, so you should take care of my extra expense!

excellent cell phone just what I needed very comfortable! I get very good condition at the agreed time and this seller is highly recommended purchase is secure! recommend it

Can anyone please tell me if this is the 32 gb or the 16 because I had told them that they are missing both the storage and the ram in the specifications of the phone. Ram is obvious 1gb, but can someone who bought the phone from here please tell me what's the storage on this beast. Thanks in advance.

Excelent

Compared with iPhone, there are some bugs, I think. I often have to look the resolution on Web. Foer examplem calender sync.

the phone is he that described in the page? because I have read several negative reviews that the phone is not the described. please. grateful for your response.Gregotio Torres

Love the sevice, attention, speed of delivery and overall I love the item I go from you. It is a gift, I am sure my niece will enjoy.

MUITO LEGAL!!Funcionou bem no Brasil!!Valeu muito a pena!!Bom vendedor, chegou bem no local que eu solicitei e bom preo

I loved this cellphone, it's amazing. It has multiple functions an wonderful apps to download. It's my first time with a samsung cellphone, but I really like it.

bought this for my sister loves her phone no complaints on it and it is nice in white but I like the black better which is the one I have

This phone does everything you need and more. I love the big screen and the smoothness with which you navigate through it.

Resulta que selecciono la compra de este equipo en condici&oacute;n nuevo y resulta que cuando recibo el producto no es totalmente nuevo, los equipos nuevos samsung de fabrica vienen con una etiqueta negra en la pantalla donde se menciona el nombre del equipo y sus resaltantes caracter&iacute;sticas. este equipo solo venia con un protector de pantalla, y la versi&oacute;n internacional es vendido para am&eacute;rica y el equipo en la caja dec&iacute;a version europea, asi que ojo con la compra de estos equipos as&iacute;.It turns out that select buying this equipment in new condition and it turns out that when I receive the product is not entirely new, new samsung equipment factory come with a black label on the screen where the name of the team and its salient features mentioned. this team only came with a screen protector, and the international version is sold for america and equipment in the box said European version, so eye with the purchase of this equipment as well.

El producto lleg&oacute; antes de la fecha indicada y la caja estaba sellada. Estoy muy satisfecha con la compra! Definitivamente volver&eacute; a hacer negocios con este vendedor. Muy atento tambi&eacute;n. Saludos desde Vzla

It has all feature which i wanted. its very fast as well.. but due to multi tasking feature it doesnt kill the processes which eventually consumes lot of RAM. It would be better to have auto task killing process after some limit.

big screem,good for watching movie,and make picture ,and the price is good too .great at playing game too.i like the screem.

I bought it from tech giant who was fulfilled by amazon and the phone is unlocked just as it's advertised but i ain't so sure if the phone is actually new because the box for the phone looks really old and used while the phone looks like a new one. Another thing is that the phone says that it's made in China and i'm not sure if it's supposed to be like that or if it should be made in Korea. It still has S-voice and everything just maybe made in China.

I received a celular not genuine because i checked it by IMEI that is a brand NOKIA MODEL 1661.  I will return the mobile phone

THE PHONE WAS A REPLICA OF THE ORIGINAL SAMSUNG GALAXY S111 BUT THE ONLY PROBLEM IS THAT IT DIDN`T COME WITH THE ORIGINAL OPERRATING MANUAL  SO THAT PEOPLE WILL READ AND UNDERSTAND ITS FUNCTIONS,ALSO IT DIDN`T WORK WITH T- MOBILE`S 4G NETWORK

Well the hubby loves the phone. Just wished I could of bought a warranty with it that was a good one

I have it for over a year until I lost it and I must say that I highly recommend this product. This product totally met my expectation.@JhonatanUgas

best phone of this year. normal price but design and features are awesome. better than buying a diamond ring. Samsung has won 2012.

The link clearly states that it is unlocked. I ordered it, and because I was in a hurry to travel, I didn't even review the phone before I left with it. Now that I've finally had time to open the phone and actually try to use it, it shows up as t-mobile locked

I order an unlock phone and this phone was not unlock as it was advertise, I am not happy about that but other than that the phone is great

MUY BUENO MUY BUENO MUY BUENO EXCELENTE LO RECOMIENDO ENTREGA R&Aacute;PIDA Y SIN OBST&Aacute;CULO LOS FELICITO POR EL PRODUCTO Y

I loved this produkt.Ya received the product very quickly and this product I rated five stars. I am very happy and would recommend to friends.

NIce phone

These people sell cell clones Koreans are not original care these people are con artist, reading the comments is scam when trying to update them will say that is an aftermarket phone

I liked it as it is. I wish it had double sim slots, though. Very fast and slim. Excellent product.

This Phone is not bad, it makes calls, it's just as responsive as any other phone, and it can handle apps. My biggest complaint was the battery life, it would drain even without use.. sometimes in 4 hours, sometimes in 8...it was never really consistent.I have had this phone for a year and a half or so, but the newest 4.3 update really, really screwed it up. I was constantly getting an unstable internet connection error, and then the battery was draining very quickly and would charge at a rate of 15% in 3 hours. I did a factory reset, and that is where it died. I kept freezing on the AT&T; screen.I had to go out and buy a new phone ( iPhone 5s )It was a great phone, but maybe consider something newer. This whole update not being compatible has completely turned me off of Android.

Phone is not factory unlocked.  Won't read 3 different SIM cards i've inserted (from different carriers).  I tried emailing and never heard back. Had to pay somebody to unlock the phone for me or else it would only be good as a paperweight.

Your comments were "Good evening, I would explain to me how it is possible that the computer that sent me is inside Chinese. A copy. I was informed by a service technician to check the same and this raises no 3G (the Case) is a samsang externally. Worse operating system this is the sansung SIII difente offer NO indicates that the computer is NOT the original samsung. The USB cable is not a tablet this team, I want a solution to this deception, or fraud and that I was supposed to buy a Samsung Galaxy SIII ORIGINAL. Not a copy?

This is an amazing phone, very fast and great resolution.The best was the price, not to expensive as I found at stores

I have 2 major issues with this phone. Not able to have data plan for this phone, the AT&T guy said that this phone is not compatible with data plans. The other is not able to transfer data from phone to PC. On connecting the Phone to PC, on PC we can't see that phone is connected to it. One more issue I noticed is it is not allowing to upgrade the software.

this brand outdoes himself again, this phone will not let me down so far, excellent, fast and versatile, good screen size and excellent ....

It is a useful smart phone work, at home, or on the street, adapted to all communication needs and versatility

I'am very happy with S3 - I9300.But, you this phone has a problem. The problem is to send a text message received when the other party is messy code(the send Message is Chinese).I hope you can give me to find a way to solve the problem.

Love the big screen and bright colors. Phone has more than met my expectations. I would tell everyone to buy this phone. Very fast shipper.

I brought the international version GT-I9300 but I received the US version (AT&T; Carrie ) I'm very disappointed.Many people are complaining about it.

The product was received and checked. Everything was perfect. Excelent price. And as some people was saying, this product is not in German when first use. You can choose the language.I recommend.

He love the phone and it is now an appendage to his person how did he manage before with his me-too.

Excellent!!!

I bought the phone a few days ago, it was not an international version, and it didn't work in my country, it said it was for Europe only.

Hi, I've been using the Samsung Galaxy S3 for about 1.5 years now and I can't wait for the new iphone 6 to upgrade. My friend has the iphone 5 and his phone runs so much better than my S3.The condition of my phone right now:For starters: the extra SD card I bought for more memory stopped working and my phone won't accept any other new SD cards (so i lost a lot of pictures). This was really weird and I had to factory reset my phone. I lost all my contacts and for some reason, it could not sync over.Another issue: My phone freezes or crashes.... My phone freezes at least 3-4 times a day. On my lock screen, I usually swipe to the right and read the text. However, it takes 10 seconds for my phone to bring me to the Messages screen everytime. When I try to type or swype a text to respond, it literally lags and is quite frustrating.The worst issue: This phone seems to break all my micro usb cables. I charge my headphones with a microusb cable and they still work after a year. However, any micro-usb cable I charge my phone with, it will break after 2 months. I've gone through at least 2 microusb car chargers and at least 4 usb to microusb charges. Also, my phone (on sleep), will only last 5 hours (with browsing, 2 or 3 at most).You might be thinking, "Maybe this guy had a terrible experience because he didn't take good care of his phone." That can be true, but I assure you that I tried my best to take good care of the phone. This was my very first smart phone and I was very excited to have an apple product alternative (at the time). Unfortunately, with this clear inferior product, if you want a phonethat lasts, apple is your best bet (despite it's higher costs).Summary:I've used the product for a year and a half now. Great phone for 6 months but breaks down fast. I will most likely not buy anymore samsung smart phones.

I ordered a refurbished phone from Ephonics with some fear and trepidation. The reviews for refurbished phones include many that are apparently not as advertised, including purported Chinese clones, US branded phones labeled as international, and phones with flaws that the seller will not replace or repair.The phone I received appeared to be new (it was refurbished) with all new accessories, as advertised. It was indeed an international phone, recognized as such by Samsung and Google when I connected to them on the web. It includes an FM radio, something missing from US branded phones. When I went to the TMobile store to get my SIM card cut for the phone, the phone worked right away.I had an S3 for eight months, but it was stolen just before Christmas. I was afraid that I might be buying someone else's stolen phone if I bought another one on EBay or Craigslist. The condition that the phone I bought was much better than the one that was stolen (I am hard on phones...) and I am fairly confident that this phone was refurbished as advertised.While I have only owned my particular phone I am reviewing for a few hours, I can say a few things about the Galaxy based on my ownership of one for more than a half year.-the camera is superb. Video and panoramas are especially good. I love having it with me when outside at sunset to capture brilliant skies (the colors seem a bit more vibrant than real life, but that saves &#34;photoshopping&#34;-It does consume batteries when you use it as a smart phone. If you have a desktop you can plug it into during the day or wall plug you can plug it into during the day, that solves the problem, as does having an extra battery or two. After market batteries are very inexpensive and work well. You can swap batteries in a couple of minutes. They charge in a couple of hours or less.-voice recognition works well in English and even in Mandarin as a second language. I imagine this is true with other languages as well-The size works OK as a reader. I have a couple of Bible apps with dozens of versions, as well as the Kindle Reader. It's convenient to have when I don't have my Kindle with me.- I like being able to use Google Pinyin for Chinese input. Switching from English to Chinese is done with just one click.-There are hundreds of apps for Android that you can customize your phone with to meet your needs- The build quality is solid and the phone has held up well. I haven't abused it, but I also haven't pampered it either.I bought a book for the phone, but have only looked at it for about 30 minutes or less. The interface seems fairly intuitive; I have been able to do all I have wanted to do.I wouldn't want the experiences that other reviewers who have panned this phone and/or its suppliers have had. For me, it looks like the Samsung Galaxy SIII phone I bought from Ephonics is a winner. Good luck! Oh, btw, the phone I owned before I bought from a trusted friend who liked to have the latest and greatest phone and sold his unlocked TMobile Galaxy SIII after only six months when the new HTC One came out. I didn't have another trusted phone with an unlocked phone to sell, so I bought mine from an Amazon Prime reseller.

I purchased this item as a gift for my niece and she was totally blown away by it. She really loves it.

The downside in this phone, is that I bought the International version, but ALL instructions are in FRENCH. Really???  I had to go online to be able to obtain the English Instruction's Manual.Taking that aside, I am happy with my phone.

I bought this unlocked international phone and it was dead within two months. This phone does not come with warranty and even the Samsung themselves could not repair it as it was an international version. The phone got switched off and it never turned back On. I gave the phone to a third party repair store. They told me that its motherboard is gone and no way that I could repair it without spending large bucks. Eventhough the seller turned me down, Amazon helped me for a refund. If you are still looking to buy this phone, God bless you!!!

would not accept sim chip as it would not lock into placebroken sim cover, overall shoddy workmanship and i would not recommend

I have nothing to say but this phone is really awesome!!!!So buy'em before they sell out. Buy'em!It's fast and better than my Samsung Galaxy Note.I should buy a Note 2 since I love big phones.This phone is beats Iphone 5 and Nokia 920!

Ordered for a friend of mine and she loves it. The screen size is just right. Using whatsapp,Viber & Magicjack besides the camera is something she really loves.Samsung Galaxy S3 the best mobile phone Samsung has ever made besides the new Samsung Galaxy S4. Works great and has very good battery life.

The product received does not correspond to the product manufacture. We performed the Purchase of a Samsung Galaxy SIII and instead was given two car chargers.That is one product is billed and received another which does not correspond in price or features.

I got the phone exactly one year ago.  Here is a brief summary of my experience with it.The first few month with it was good.  Everything loaded fast, and the battery lasted exactly my day's worth.  But even then I noticed poor integration of software and hardware.  The Samsung exclusive Touchwhiz apps were gimmicky at best.  Smart-Stay and other motion tracking features Samsung brought were not polished at all.  They would work 50% of the time at best.  Worst of all, the Chrome app was extremely bad at recognizing scrolling and pinch-in and pinch-out zooming touch inputs.Ok, fast forward 6 month into the Samsung experience.  Everything, and I mean every single app lags.  Start up and shutdown times have increased dramatically. There is a significant loading time for common applications like Chrome and the Messaging App.  The power button and the volume rockers were starting to lose their integrity and could easily be inadvertently pressed(probably due to its poor plastic construction!)One year of using the Galaxy S3 has made me realize a couple of things.  1. A lot of features companies like Samsung tries to sell to you via advertising are simply gimmicks that are half-baked.  2. Samsung phones have a horrendous quality issue and will not even last a year of regular usage.  3. When buying a phone, buy the phone that is well made and competent enough to stand use for at least half a year, not the one with the useless huge screen sizes and gimmicking features and poor reliability.Sorry about the length of my rant, but I had to do it to inform potential buyers of the absolute piece of rubbish this phone is.

I'm Apple addicted until today, but I must agree that Samsung is improving our experience to use a great smartphone. Without comparisson, I need to say that I start loving SIII since obeserved my friends using it... it's incredible product and brings new functionalities to my day.... simply love it.

I just got the phone and I'm very happy with it. Is very fast and I LOVE the LED display. The phone is very small and light which is very good.The only BAD thing is, I'm using T-mobile as a carrier and with that you WILL NOT GET 4g speed, ONLY E. I try every way to get 4g but nothing works. If anyone here knows how to get 4g with T-mobile on this phone, please help me.Thanks!!

It is all good. Use it often.  I is a good computer in my pocket. It even makes phone calls

The phone is very slow, there is a problem when We try to call because it doesn't get tone. Unhappy!!

This phone delivers good comfort, ease of use, and long battery life. Today if I would purchase a new phone, I would go for the Nexus brand just because of the price difference.

This phone is another I-phone 4S killer-it replaced my "I". It has it all and it is even better on the Android Market. Very fast web browsing and cool screen.

It was a present for my wife and she is so delightfull with the phone. Every fuctions she loves this phone.

The cellphone is amazing, easy to use, modern, resistant and with a beautiful design. I loved also that is not a heavy phone. The updates and the software in general is very fast to easy to do ti. My feedback also includes the On the Go Solution customer attention: the delivery time was amazing, and the post sales attention too. I'm not in US, and even in this situation, when I needed assistance to solve a doubt about the version provided of this device, the On the Go Solution did an exceptional customer attention and showed total accountability to help me. That is the best experience that one customer can have, and the telephone also, I love it!

Some of d features are not working  don't know if its a used phone but feel robbed once again by amazon

My honey got this phone and loves it so much he wants me to get the exact one , but I got a white one ,can't wait tell it gets here!!!

it was a greaat desl. wud buy one more but it took long to come.....but that was ok thou its nice to have a galaxy now

I got this phone for my teenage boy. Received the item in new condition, every thing unopened. I set it up for a H2o unlimited service for $30, and works perfect. The SIM card for H2o got it from amazon just for a penny and free shipping. I did not have any problem to set up the phone and the service. My son is crazy about this phone and we think is the best phone ever.

I got this phone for my daughter and she really loves it. She will be in middle school next year and I want her having a phone on her in case of emergency perpous. She loves learning all of the stuff this phone can do.

Samsung Galaxy S3 is powered phone quality. Collect all my needs. and is modern and beautiful, I love this phone.

It's a nice phone, but it's no the international version, it has rooted, for that four stars, work well in Venezuela

I bought this phone for a friend and he is very satisfied with the purchase. It was all what he wanted for the price paid. It outweiged all the expectations. Very functional and nice looking phone

I liked it very much, It is just as I expected. I'm satisfied with the product. I will continue to enjoy it.

I received the phone and I realized that was not original. has only 500mb of RAM. Not have the resolution of an original product. you can not install samsumg applications. not 4 bands. The gps does not work. The page samsumg not recognized. The materials should be metal on the phone are plastic

I'm from brazil and this smartphone works for all brands here, (Vivo, oi, claro,Tim ) very fast and have many features for Samsung smart tv also, his A.I. is incredable, the syncronize with all social networks aggregating with each contact that you have is amazing, photo shots very fast with a good resolution, it's better than iPhone so far!

I'm a very fan of technology and pretty much pass quite time on the computer checking what is new in the market and what technology has to offer me for new.Recently a had a bad luck day, one of those when you scream WHY MEEEE!!! LOL but in the end it was supposed to happen and material things can be recovered so I'm over it as of right now.  More because I had to replace my Samsung Galaxy Note (Tremendous phone BTW!!!) because I lost it at the beach on that bad luck day.I checked the MARKET and even I could buy my old Note again I'm more like the type of guy that like to try new and better, so I decided for the Samsung Galaxy S3 even when I was losing the 4G capability on the SGN but I was totally gaining speed because of the quad core processor the new S3 come with.I'm totally thrilled with my new toy and I recommend it 100% as I do recommend the seller that made my life change when I got my phone.Good experience I'm glad to share with all Amazon community.

This is not an international version. Only small sim card works. Doesn't work with all companies. I am so frustrated.

this phone came to me defective. take you to review and tell me it's a copy. battery that is not used Samsun. to buy another tube. exigo it changed me. I buy a samsu cell III or copy

The phone started lagging about a year after purchase. There are just better and cheaper phones out there. The newer S4 is already an improvement, but I would start looking towards the LG ones - G2 or Nexus 5...

is not unlocked. It is a lie. 20 days ago I purchased this phone. and as I was saying the description was factory Unlocked. To my surprise, the phone comes to my house today (Venezuela) and seeing the box said &#34;European Model&#34;. Can only be used with SIM cards of European operators. Now I have to spend more money to unlock the phone. My advice is not to play with the product description or money of the people.

simplemente el mejor telefono que he tenido hasta ahora, mejor que el iphone que cualquier blackberry (aunq no he probado el z10) en fin, muy recomendado.

dose nothing but freeze up on me all the time. I have to take the batter out many different times doing the day. i can not stand it. the

I got this phone on monday and i got a straight talk sim. My friend got the at&t; unlocked version and he gets 4G but all I get is edge network. I have tried everything from calling straight talk to calling samsung. Im confused as to why this is happening when it says in the description that it should have 3G or 4G.I give the device a 5 star definitely. but the seller Surge telecom i give 0 stars for sending me the wrong product. now they refuse to accept a return on it because its opened. How else would i know it was the wrong product if i didn't open it.

I bought this product for my friend and it was really good. Good feedback from my friend as well. Great product from Samsung.

Just received phone few days ago and even its written &#34;factory unlocked &#34; the phone is actually from European O2 network and then unlocked. I am very disappointed and since I'm buying all my phones online I will think twice before ordering another one. .

Probably the best phone I've had in my life. Despite the fact that sold already the S4, it is still very much alive. Very good display, storage and performance

Fast, nice screen and the battery does last. Using CM 10.1 right now and I cant complain. Try to avoid generic usb cables to charge it, I noticed that in some cases it &#34;charges&#34; but is minimal and at the end I was still losing battery while charging under generic cables.

The Galaxy S3 is a great phone. It really is. It's powerful, it looks and feels good, and it is relatively durable if you treat it right. It runs smoothly on Ice Cream Sandwich and not-quite-as-smoth-but-well-enough on Jelly Bean. It's a nice upgrade from the Galaxy S2 for sure. There are many cool features I like about it, such as the smart Look, motion controls, lock screen shortcuts, S Voice and more.It is also full of nasty, inexcusable flaws. The S3 has earned a bad rep of suffering from "Sudden Death Syndrome", constant freezes and resets and other nasty issues like charging ports going bad. These don't start happening right away.. they usually start showing up after a few months of use.I don't know if all S3s are faulty. I've read a lot about these issues, I've heard the feedback... most of the people that I know that had S3s have had issues with it, and myself as well. For such an expensive device, for it to get bricked out of nowhere is just not acceptable by any means. It is true that all electronics are subject to break like that, but when you see a trend happening then that's no isolated case.The issue seems to be related to faulty internal memories on the 16GB model. This is just the conclusion I've settled with after a bunch of reading on this issue. Fortunately if you have a little patience and if you remain under warranty, you could probably still get your phone fixed. But otherwise if you can't count on being covered like that I'm afraid to say I wouldn't recommend anyone to invest on this phone.It's a shame though, cause otherwise it IS a great device. Thankfully there are many options to choose from out there.

after 8 months of having it, I must say it is the best smart phone I could hope for. The camera quality is it's best feature

highly recommend this product fulfilled all my expectations in terms of quality and price is a great product I highly recommend  great  great  great its a great cellphone&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;  its terrific  many funtions

This was an awesome buy, price was great and the phone works well.  It was unlocked and I just had to put in my chip and go!!! Def will buy again.

Me encanta este producto por sus aplicaciones y por ser uno de los equipos m&aacute;s actualizados en el mercado celular

I can not give a concrete opinion about this produccto since not reached me per'm sure it's excellent. l b

Just got my White S3 and i'm in love all over again (first time was with S1)!!!... The phone's screen is absolute beauty and watching movies on it is an experience you cant compare with any other cellular device. Though i ordered the International version, i was surprised to get a Polish one (was hoping to get the English one). Not a big issue since the phone can be set for English and i anyways don't use the documentation that comes with it (that's in Polish too). However the best part was that the phone came in 2 days earlier than expected!!. All in all, very happy with the purchase and with the seller as well!!Buy it, try it....and u wont regret it!!!

Superb equipment. Don't waste your money buying unexplainable expensive brands  . This device can provide all you expect from a smartphone and much more.

The phone is one of the best smart phones ever, but this international version isnt what I was expecting.The manual and datasheets are in a rare european language and the charger is for the european standar.It isnt a real problem because adapters can be used but I was really surprised.

Didnt know tht international was a phone you could only use outside of the country. Not descriptive, if you have never used international phones before. Also very brief when I would E-mail the person on questions.

Samsung will not repair this phone is the US if it breaks. They fail to mention that when they sell it to you.

yo tengo un Note 2 y este es mas comodo de llevar las funciones son las mismaspracticamente son igualesclaro este lo usa mi esposayo me quedo con el Note 2jajajaja..

Well really wanted this for my self but then my wife kept complaining that he phone was not keeping up with what she wanted to do. Her birthday was right around the corner and i said you know what i think i found her gift shipped very quickly and she is still enjoying it very much. I am not allowed to touch her baby .. ahhaha

GREAT phone, great camera!Great WIFI connection to Internet no matter where you are.LOVE the big screen.NEVER will buy another phone!!! I bought the unlocked intl version and I had NO PROBLEMS whatsoever.

Overall this phone is fine, camera, looks, weight, screen space.  I'm not going to repeat what others have said.I do want to add my two cents on the avoidable problems Samsung has included in the phone.- silent doesn't silence the phone, apps make noise even when the phone is set to silent, so either silence each app or turn off your phone;- turning the phone off is a three step process, it's only two steps to launch nuclear missiles to start WW3 (trust me);- the text input feature screams "We Don't Care".  Nevermind autocorrect prediction, that's no better or worse than others and actually picks up your habits reasonably well.  The absence of a real keypad is a problem, too, but I have no reason to think this touchscreen is worse than others.  Among other problems, if you delete back to use autocorrect, every word you have typed is deleted except for the first word and the new one.  That strikes me as inexcusable, no-one would ever want that to happen.  In the end, you have to get used to manually correcting anything unless you stick to very short texts.

It was great, as expected. I was concerned because I had read many reviews saying that the telephones were from a&T. But this one was factory unlocked, no signs, no brands. So far, it has performed excellent Coming from Blackberry, this is awesome :)

generally, the phone i received meet my expectations - Factory unlocked, new, working properly. However, since it's the international version, the phone plug is not the US one. the plug is not flat but round. I need to buy a convertible plug. And it's irritating me.

This Phone IS the International version i9300 and it is a awesome phone, I only have 1 issue, when I received the phone it came in the retail packaging But the sticker that you see that says do not accept this item if this seal is broken, well the seal wasn't broken but I could see where there had been a sticker placed on top on another so idk if that was done because the phone was already opened and they resealed it with another sticker or that's just the way it is, Also after I got the package open and  pulled the phone out I could see that it had already had a screen protector already stuck onto the screen, now idk if all these i9300 new phones come with a screen protector already installed on the screen but mine had one already stuck on it. that's pretty much everything I can say about the phone, So beside those 2 issues everything else was perfect and I cant complain. one last thing I am going to contact Samsung and ask them if this phone does come with a screen protector already installed coming brand new out of the box.

I have a SamSung GS 3.I have been charging it every day even though not using it.There was no APP running most of the time but the battery did not hold charge.Now, after 8 months, battery is no longer charging.I already need to buy another battery for replacement.

I purchased my phone online through my wireless carrier. The phone arrived 2 days later. The first thing I notice was how thin and fragile feeling it was, which immediately sent up a red flag in my mind. As a result, I paid close attention to how I handled the phone and made plans to get a cover the very next day. I activated the phone and fell in love with it instantly. The next day, I pulled the phone out of my pocket as I walked into the wireless store to buy a cover and found the screen had broken while in my pocket. I had not bumped into anything, I had nothing else in my pocket. Additionally, the pants were not tight, so the phone moved around easily in said pocket. My wireless provider would not work with me on getting the screen fixed (told me my only option was to use my insurance) and at the prodding of some friends, I contacted Samsung directly. They told me a cracked screen voids the warranty so any repairs would be chargable. This burns me for two reason: 1. my carrier has a 15 day love or return it policy, which I now cannot use if I discover this phone doesn't meet my needs b/c the screen is cracked. 2. If any other functionality fails during the original warranty period, I have no rights b/c the screen broke and the warranty is now void. I would LOVE to be writing a glowing review of this phone, but instead I'm left with a bad taste in my mouth regarding this so-called "warranty". I will likely steer as far away from Samsung as possible in the future. I had an LG that fell from a 6 foot high railing onto a concrete patio and the only thing that happened was the battery falling out. This fragile hunk of plastic broke in my pocket. I think I'll stick with LG next time... in the meantime, I get to spend the next 18 months with a phone that makes me angry every time I look at it. It's going to be a long 18 months.

You can't go wrong with this phone!  It does what ever you need it to do plus a whole lot more!  Love it!

Phone was delivered promptly and was as factory unlocked as described. Worked perfectly on my 3g and 4g network. Would definitely recommend to anyone who is looking for a similiar unlocked device.

It is a perfect phone meets all expectations, the tools of visualization, communication, games, social networking, the operating system is very fast, the quality and speed of the camera is great. I highly recommend it.

The phone is not holding charge. Not pleased with the phone.its freezing when u in apps. Not at all happy

downloaded very fast and is not the battery, I would like to make a change ...!as I contact? ..?I did not like the phone because nothing works well

I was disappointed that there was no manual included. I had to download from internet. Other than that, I love the phone

I purchased this phone and within 7 months it stopped working completely it was charging and after that it just blanked off and never came back on mind you it never fell or got wet, I took it to fix and the technicians said it cannot be fixed because its a software problem with this specific phone very disappointed with. This purchase.

the cel never worked for three weeks and then i cannot charge the battery i am so angry about this

Whenever I would have the requisite amount of money to purchase it, I wont delay a second to do it. I hope it happens soon.

I have bought 3 of these over the last 3 months. The first two from Open Wireless. They worked out of the box, although they were in french and I had to change the language. Then somehow lost their unlocked state after an OTA update. That is BAD. I contacted the sellers and their best advice was to return it.I had to return both of them. Then,  I recently later ordered a third from Winda USA, it was already already updated to the latest version and unlocked. It was also in English out of the box. I believe the inconsistent experience users are getting are because of different sellers than rotate on Amazon. Winda USA had the best experience for me.

is not the best phone but the screen in perfect for people with thick fingers...is fast but not 4g in my area...

Love it !!!!!no issues at all thus far, has great memory a great camera and runs smoothly in terms of ram and games

hello i m hanumani using samsung gallexy  s3 international virson phone almost 8month. phone is wonderful but battery is very bad if i talk battery going only 3hr. if i using internet only 2hr i dont know they adevertise so many hour battery run i found big problme in battery.battery very fast finish without using application. I ask my friend they told s3 battery good but I found big problme in battery they give guarantee for battery. I found good samsung gallexy s3 phone but battery not good.thanks

First of all, this international version does not include a charger that can be used in USA or Mexico, It will only include the charger that seems to be used in Brazil. The vendor sould include in the package a conversor or a generic version at least that can be used in other countries, or at least speicy this clearly in the product description.Second, I didn't like the phone, the plastic parts are very fragile and the material is poor, but this is not particular of this version, this happens qith all S3. My screen broke after 2 weeks without even falling or receiving a hit. I kept it in a front pocket of my jeans while driving my bycicle and it broke just from the movement of my leg... seriously, how much pressure can this phone take???

I love this phone. Works well with my carrier . Although I didnt realize that it uses microSD sim but that was easily fixed by my phone company. Not one fault to this phone. Cant take my hands off it.

this is i747 for at&t; unlockthose are different  phone  the case donnnot like refurbished~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~when i got it the package just havethe phone and charger &#12290;

Seller wanted to rid this product. Although it worked, sensor of phone (bottom left)doesn't work well. This is the same side of the phone where the main call button is! Problem 2, the port on this phone doesn't work, therefore the battery can't be charged. I bought a new battery and tossed the old one thinking this was the problem. Seller then wouldn't take the product back. I bought a battery charger port so seller refunded the amount for the charger. Very displeased. Problem 3. Thus is an individual. It's far better dealing with people who have products vs one product. Buyer beware!!!

Big screen, smart, and had a lot of free good apps.like another smartphones the batery go end very fast if you turn on gps, internet wi fi etc...

The cellphone has bad the battery because i cant fully charge it (100%) . I see details on the surface of the phone like it was broken... Im not happy whit my order!!

I've used iphones for years. I have a friend who had this phone and I always thought it seemed too big. It's bigger than an iphone but still fits in my back pocket so it's not too big after all. I have had no issues getting any of the apps I had previously on my iphone on my new Galaxy but you can use it without any of the restrictions Apple places on it's phones. The colors on the phone are amazing. The sound is great. It can automatically sync with your Google contacts which is great. One of the reasons that I got rid of my iphone was because of itunes and it not letting me recover my contacts when I had to restore it to it's factory settings (another Apple issue). With the Galaxy, and any Android phone I imagine, you can manage your contacts in Gmail and they are never lost! It can also sync to your Facebook contacts. Depending on which you sync to, the pictures in your contacts list will match the pictures your friends put on their Google or Facebook. I love that feature. The pictures automatically change when they change them. You can even sync your Facebook pictures to your phone. I can't think of anything bad to say about it. I love it!

they sent me the &#34;Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone&#34; international version. it was from mexico and was from the service provider &#34;iusacell&#34; google it. anyways the phone was locked and wouldnt even let me update it. i tried unlocking it but they hid it from me pretty good. dont buy from world wide distributors. you wont get what you expect. dont fall for there rouse like i did.

buy it thinking it was original samsung but left very disappointed to see that it was nothing more than a cheap copy which to buy original price. lo compre creyendo que era original de samsung pero quede muy decepcionada al ver que no era mas que una copia barata la cual compre a precio de original!!!

before this phone I had a nexus i9250, and is not much difference between them, the biggest difference is the screen, you can see the improvement in sharpness, another visible improvement is the design as it is more pleasing to the eye, a drawback of the phone is the battery life, in my case I have to charge up to 3 times a day with the nexus were 2 times, the seller &#34;SurgeTelecom&#34; sent me exactly what is described, everything in perfect condition, shipping was in record time very pleased with the choice I made. what i don like is by the time i bought the phone's price fell $ 70, so I was not pleased ...antes de este tel&eacute;fono tuve un nexus i9250 , y no es mucha la diferencia entre ellos , la mayor diferencia es la pantalla , se puede ver la mejora en la nitidez, otra mejora visible es el dise&ntilde;o ya que es mas agradable a la vista , un punto en contra del tel&eacute;fono es la bater&iacute;a en mi caso la tengo que recargar hasta 3 veces al d&iacute;a con el nexus eran 2 veces , el vendedor &#34;SurgeTelecom&#34; me envi&oacute; exactamente lo que esta descrito todo en perfectas condiciones , el envi&oacute; fue en tiempo r&eacute;cord, muy complacido con la elecci&oacute;n que hice. lo malo fue que para el momento en que compre el precio del tel&eacute;fono cayo 70 $, lo que no me agrado ...

I would recommend this product. the only thing is that it doesn't work on 4G just in 3G. However the entire smartphone is really good

This phone is not as fast as I expected it to be at all.. As more applications are down loaded the mobile progressively turns slower and slower,  despite the fact that enough internal memory is available. returning home from any application takes several seconds. in some occasions the phone restarts by itself. The Samsung voice app cannot be used with handsfree earplugs. And Samsung doesn't honor the warranty in Venezuela because the phone was not meant for use in Latinamerica.

I bought this phone and still used, befor the sell shiped to me I contacted him this is Unlocked and international version GT9300, He response me yes, when I got the phone it was T999 T-Mobile not GT9300 but any way it well after month I received update notice form T-Mobile when I updated, then I can not use personel hot spot which is important when I had tirp to my home country it was not working with GSM network, it is really upset me.

This is a review of the Samsung Galaxy S3 i930016GB - Unlocked International Version No Warranty sold by TexasElectronicsdistributor and fullfill by Amazon.I bought this phone to give to a relative,outside the USA, as a gift for when I visit. I read some reviews about fake S3 International being sold by vendors on Amazon. But I hope that being fullfill by Amazon I would get real one. If I got a fake I would just return it before my trip and get my relative another phone in her country.When I got the phone, I open the box and everything look brand new and said S3 International I9300 including the label on the back of the phone where the battery would go. I thought great and took it on my trip.When I powered it up for my relative and check the phone the boot screen showed I9300. I check about phone in the settings and it showed the Device was I9300. But I notice that superuser was install so it was already rooted, which was unexpected as it was a brand new phone.It was only when I was trying to install a custom recovery to install a custom rom and fonts, that I realize it was fake. When I was in Download mode to install the custom recovery, it should have also said I9300, but it said it was I747 which an S3 but not the international one. I google it and others seem to have this problem. It seems to be that someone remove the internal motherboad of the I9300 and replace it with the I747 variant, but keeping the external case of the I9300. Then that person rooted it and install a custom rom that deceived the user into thinking it is a I9300 in the setting.My trip was about a month, so it is too late to return it. The custom recoverys for  I9300 failed to install properly, But the custom recovery for the other S3 variants which includes I747 worked. I didn't want to risk bricking the phone so I left installed rom alone. On top of that the battery was faulty and had to be replaced. It is her first smart phone so my relative kept it anyways and seem to like it. Just be aware of fakes. If it is already rooted when you get it, it is probably fake. Reboot into download mode. If it doesn't say I9300 it is fake.

This lived up to its expectations.... the features are AMAZING... Camera is my fave!! very high quality pictures.... wish the battery life was a bit longer... but I guess its because I am my phone hence everything goes through my phone

I got just what I ordered and it was delivered on time not a day later. phone was in great condition and works like a charm. thank you!

im in venezuela, the phone is absolutely brand new , it works perfect, it comes with all accesories, i recommended 100 o/o !!!

Item came not only as described but BETTER. i bought this device for my wife and she absolutely loves it! she inst a tech girl but i am definitely a tech guy..... so i know what she has and she definitely has the best of the best! the screen size is awesome! the resolution on it is bright and brilliant! anyone looking for something top of the line, this is it!does everything u want it to do. the only down side i can say is the battery life. but even so i still gave it a 5 star review ;) enjoy!

I loved the phone, but only had it for 6 days. As the screen broke. I have now been told that the Screen is VERY sensitive. It would be great if it came with a cover. I did purchase a cover, but as yet I haven't received it.It has been a night mare trying to get it fixed and World Wide Distributors are the most un helpful, un co-oprative company I have ever come across.They took days to come back to me then refused to take my phone back as I no longer have the box.  Telling me to deal with Samsung directly.I would NEVER buy anything from them again.Zena

Omg!!!! Love this fone its great and brand new works beautifully also looove it. Its unlocked so u would have to buy your own Micro-sim card but really there has been no problems with this phone

My boyfriend ordered this phone on December 20 and it was sent to him on December 22 but he just returned home on December 26 as he was visiting his family down South. When he opened the box there was NO PHONE inside but the battery and accessories were still there. The plastic seal looked perfectly secured as well as the sticker on the side of phone box. He's still pissed as this phone is almost $600 but he only got a plastic box instead of a phone.He called the seller but the machine said they're closed so he wrote an e-mail to them and hoping to hear back from them soon.

IT'S WASN'T LIKE DESCRIPTION SAYS!!! I AM REALLY ANGRY ABOUT IT! I PAYD SO MUCH MONEY AFTER I TAKE THE PHONE TO UNLOCKE IT

Es el mejor telefono que he comprado, y eso que soy muy quisquilloso con lo que quiero. Lo recomiendo ampliamente

I recently traded in an old dumb phone for the Samsung Galaxy III.  The price was only about $40 with a two year extension on my AT&T contract, but it was $40 too much.  Theoretically, I can do much more on the III, but its battery life is so poor, even with all power saving features engaged, that I rarely use it for anything beyond quick telephone calls and as an alarm clock.  My dumb phone performed both functions perfectly well, and did so without frequent charging.  My old phone was also much easier to carry.

i bought it myself oline. i like the white color.Also,it's very covenient for me because it's an internetal one.thank you.

I received this phone very fast. which was very expensive and not really worth it is the tax that is levied in my country.

The Phone has worked 3 days and then died. As I am in Argentina now, to send back the S3 to USA is as expensive as the Phone. I feel cheated.

The phone is worth the price. I like the specs and it is durable. I also like the specs of the camera.

The phone itself is good and I really love it, and it is unlocked (it works fine in different countries), but every time it reboots, it starts with the T-Mobile screen and then loads the android. Also, mine was a German version and when I first started it everything was in German, I changed the language but as it came out, not all the things are translated. For example S-Voice is in German. The company who is selling the phones is cheating, they sell some unlocked phones as an international version, don't buy from them! Other than that, the phone is great!

VERY cheap material.. Broke when it fell from a couch hight, plastic broke and SCREEN SHATTERED.. VERY VERY POOR BUILT PHONE

Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone - International Version:I own a Galaxy S2 and switching my old SIM Card was a breeze. I bought the S III for my wife and opened up the back to transfer her SIM  and realized that I needed a MicroSIM Card. Did the normal on-line checks and found that a work-around was possible by cutting the old SIM Card. However, here is what you need to know:My Mobile Provider advised that my existing (normal) SIM Card (2009 vintage - 25mm x 16mm) was not sized to cut to the MicroSIM size (15mm x 11mm) as the chip was too close to the latter dimension.For $3.49 they sold me the new style normal SIM Card (25mm x 16 mm) with the chip being much smaller than before (12mm x 9mm). The new SIM Card was 'activated' with my existing number and  then cut with a cutter (like the  Clearmax Micro SIM Cutter from Amazon). With an adaptor, I transferred all my contacts to the MicroSIM Card and installed in the new S3 Phone. Phone in service. She loves it!  Maybe 4 Stars as neither BLUTEKUSA, AMAZON nor SAMSUNG advised customers. Recommend that AMAZON puts this advisory in their Product Description.

The phone came in good conditions and like discribed on the page. It was delivered on time, but because the hollidays i receveid when i was leaving the hotel.

If you are looking for free phone that can work anywhere and you are into the edge og technlogy just go for it, Shop best delivered this phone in just one day dispite of the fact i had chosen 5 day standard shipping i put in my order on the 24 feb at 11pm got shipped on 25 and delivered on 27th, It was more than I had expected in terms of speed. Am loving it, it came with french manual, usb, ear phones

Got one from Best Buy at Deal of the Day for $450 and it works perfectly with AT&T Go Phone SIM card. I did turn off 3G to avoid data charge. The one I bought comes with one year US warranty.

I love my new smartphone! it's easy to use, fast, light weight, and easy to link to other softwares and programs!

When I purchased my Galaxy it was because they advertise it as if it is just as good as IOS system for apple, but let me tell you it freezes all the time, won't load pictures occasionally and it is a pain in the ass, wish I had an iphone right now........

O celular &eacute; muito bom, mas no sei porque veio com a linguagem em polones, no sei se era um aparelho devolvido, pois a linguagem original deveria ser ingles...

This is truly a life changing technology experience.  Such a SMART device.  I have recently replaced it with the S4 after losing the s3 in a taxi after 2 years of use.  This is a great investment and worth every penny for the upgrade from the I phone.  Replaceable battery and expandable memory just to start any comparison leave apple in the dust not to mention Android 4.3 and waiting for the 4.4 any time now!

It Works great in Argentina

Is a very powerful and pretty phone. Meets the expectations. Is a top line cell phone, meets the expectations and it has 4 bands, to use worldwide.

I switched from an IPhone 4 to this Samsung Galaxy 3. This phone is very disappointing. It is not convenient, had to lean how to use it compared to an apple product. Unfortunately it is too late for me to return it. Do not buy it.

This is by far the best cel phone I've ever had! Excellent product, I totally recommendit! There are so many features on it, I'm positively surprised!

I bought this phone to go to T-Mobile prepaid from Metro PCS and when I activated it, all I saw was a E symbol on my service bar. Never got 4G because the phone doesn't get the correct UMTS bands since it's mostly GSM. So unless you want to go to T-mobile with 1/2.5G service I recommend not buying this phone!!! It's so sad too because this phone was a lot faster and had the full Jellybean update that T-Mobile s3 doesn't. >:( grrrr. Going to wait for the s4 to come out for now...

The Galaxy S III has to be one of the best phones I've ever used! The quality of the phone is absolutely unbelievable. You get wonderful pictures and videos when taken from the camera. The camera also has facial recognition which will give you an even better picture. It seems like the battery life lasts forever and the phone doesn't slow down when the battery gets low like most smart phones. You can quickly browse through apps on the phone without lags and freeze ups in your applications. The menu and home screen allows you to access your widgets and apps quickly.The phone is a great size because it is bigger which is better, but also because you can still fit it in and out of your pocket unlike some smart phones. The phone has plenty of memory for you to download almost anything you want but it also has space for an SD card. The phone has great call quality even when you aren't getting the best service. You don't hear any echoes and the speaker phone works wonderfully. You can hear from a pretty far distance. Overall, this is a great phone and I would recommend it to a friend any day!

The galaxy S3 is a beautiful phone with a sleek design. Iv owned this phone now for about a year and it has surpassed all other smartphones that i have experienced. The battery could be better and last longer and it would be nice if it had a more durable screen. I dropped my s3 once with a case on it and got a single hairline crack on the bottom corner of the screen. Which isnt as bad as a shattered screen. The camera always fits my needs when i take a picture.  The colors are great and so is the resolution with it being 8 megapixels.

surekli nokia kullanmis biri olarak ilk kez baska bir markaya gectim ve gercekten nokia da gecen yillarima uzuldum. nokianin bircok ozelligini uzerinde barindirdigini soylemesine ragmen iki program ayni anda cok agir geliyordu. fakat samsung s3 de skype basta olmak uzere bir suru program ayni anda calisabiliyor ve bana misin demiyor.

Moved to S3 from iphone4s and I am using the international version in ATT  network and I still get the 4+ signal.No issues with it.the only issue i have is the place where the volume button and power button is placed. Needs to hold in the lower portion of the phone.

I see that you are an irresponsible and these scamming buyers really you stole my money, I timaste but I forgive you so god knows. successes

I love my phone. I saved money by using a "dumbphone" for almost two years, and I estimate that I saved a ton of money. I looked into various Android phones for the past year, and I was drawn to the Droid line and the hooplah about the Nexus 4 and all kinds of phones. I almost bought a Note I, and I almost bought a Note II, and then one day I saw my coworker's beautiful pearlescent (almost nacreous, it's so pearlescent) white S3, and I fell in love. I ordered one that evening. It arrived and was perfect from the moment I unboxed it. I'm only a few weeks into it, but I love it incredibly much, considering it's just a bunch of electronics and lights and colours. As for comparisons of specs, etc. -- this is not a techie review, I'll confess. I have had Android tablets goign back 3 years now, and I have a ton of money in the Android ecosystem as well as tons of free apps I got through Amazon's Appstore, and it all transferred to this phone effortlessly.For Android folks, this phone is wonderful. For someone moving to smartphones from dumbphones, it's perfection. For someone in the Apple ecosystem, you may as well stay there. Eventually Apple will make a beautiful phone with a sufficiently large screen, no?

Very good product, it works very well. It is easy to use and has high function. Very good, I like it.

I have ordered this phone about a week and I received it today. On the box it reads &#34; Do not accept if seal is broker or tampered&#34; but my box has a broken seal. I'm not sure if this is an original phone or some Chineese made duplicate one.

I've always had cheap cell phones and I decided to finally step up and get a phone that had some memory for apps which is what I want one for rather than it's phone capabilities.  I wanted to use the phone along with a good app to control my camera and this one looked like it would fit the bill.  I am not disappointed.  This is a really nice phone with a good sized screen for live view with the camera and the controls the app afford me.  Good buy.  Came as advertised.  AT&T had a couple of problems getting it to hook up to their network, but they finally got the job done at my local AT&T store.  The S4 had come out, but it was the S3 I wanted and I'm very happy with it.

I previously owned a Torch and from the time i switched to this, there was no turning back.  I can open all my school documents, pdf, word, excel etc, i can go through the phone without any sticking.  i just love it.  I was going to purchase a tablet but i really don't need one now.  this screen size is just right

I bought this phone immediately after it's release and until now I'm still using and enjoying it. I will chose this phone over the s4 because the battery does not drain fast, there's too little upgrade made with the s4 and I think the processor is much faster too. I tried the S4 because my BF have one..

great device I used , leter I changed to S4 because im a tech person, but my wife still use it and it just works great!!!!

This is not an unlocked phone.  Phone locked after first update.  The seller Global Mobile was unhelpful and refused to replace the phone.  After this experience I would not recommend anyone purchasing anything from Global Mobile.

This is the first mobile phone i have ordered through Amazon. The phone came a day later ( the shipping company said it will come through express service). None the less, the phone was in excellent condition and its working just fine. The price of it was lesser than found on most sites, so I was a bit concerned about its quality, but I am totally satisfied with the service.

This was a perfect gift for a dear friend of mine, it was an awesome present and they loved it thanks to you, it came in one piece :-)

i got this phone and i have it like 9 months and i am very pleased that is why i can recomend it to anyone who likes samsung

I love it, It's the best phone in the market, IT has thousands of apps att the androide market, the price worth it

I was really worried about buying this phone because of the reviews, but so far it's been wonderful! I even bought another one for a gift. So I totally recommend it, its a great phone

This phone was advertised as a GSM Unlocked Phone. But it didn't work on my carrier.After asking the seller to exchange the phone for one that would, I was told I would have to pay a restocking fee between 20-50%. Which, in my opinion, was outrageous.So now I am stuck with a Brand New phone that cost me $400 + that I have no use for and cannot sell to my friends or family, because they have the same carrier as myself.Needless to say I will not be buying a phone from this seller again. I felt that the lack of empathy towards my situation and overall disregard for the customer was enough for me to look elsewhere when online shopping.

the phone works perfect it been three weeks now and no issue. one phone is in a different country and no issue

3 weeks later I never got a phone my requests for a refund have been ignored UPS says Straight Trading can only give me info Straight Trading says I have to contact UPS I'm tired of dealing with a lack of communication I feel disrespected and cheated out of my money now my husband wants to get our attorney involved over $269

Everything about him is perfect, the only problem is the battery, but not cell problem, a problem of samsung and general smarthaphones

I had the galaxy s2 for 2 months from Sprint and unfortunately it sucked because they gave me a bad phone.  It was brand new however they missed one thing.. it had a bad radio. After being with them for nine years .. we figured they would help us out and fix the problem since we took the phone in the second day i had it. They kept saying it was the towers and after the fourteen day period of being able to have it fixed for free  was over.. they decided to look at the phone. And tried to charge us!? So after they called us stupid and tried charging us a $430 bill and $50 fee to fix the phone even though we had insurance on our phones and their rep took it off without our consent .. we switched to Verizon and i got the Galaxy S3.  It is an amazing phone! I love love love it!? No problems.  Great service! Super fast! Perfect!

I love this phone as an iPhone user who has tried two other Android phones and really hated them this has changed my mind!It has a seamless set up, is so easy to use, screen is amazing, I am not a this or that fight over my phone is better than your phone and still love my other but I adore the Samsung Galaxy S3, I am thrilled I bought this phone and the seller is fantastic! Very happy with my new Samsung Galaxy S3 phone!

great price, got what I was expecting. reliable, safe and beautiful. I love so much the product. im very happy about my purchase

I am very disappointed claims to be an unlocked cell and when I get my country was not well, really not worth trusting a provider as this was my first purchase and I pass it, I'm sad because all they said to me that in was reliable amazon buy

Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300is a excellent mobile phone. That great buy and have all tools are necessary to be online with technology world

Compre un telefono s3 i9300 y me vino otro de dos nucleos i747 esto es un fraude no recomiendo son fraudulento sean serios y vendas lo que publican  /  Buy an s3 i9300 phone and popped another two cores i747 this is fraud not recommend are fraudulent serious and bandages are what they publish

i loved my phone, unfortuntately it stopped working one day, i have read in many sites and reviews that some of this phones got some damaged chips that would cause this sudden death. Samsung was reliable enough to fulfill the guarantee, as amazon was as well, so i would feel safe in buying another one

I am very dissapointed,  phone supposed to be new. I will return it right away. Need to do it urgently

I had this phone for a about a year. I loved it and never had any problems. I am a phone dropper and was impressed how well it took the falls. After about a year if finally took its last drop but it really was a great phone. Every once and a while it would randomly restart.

It does everything the Iphone does, but in a bigger package. I also enjoy the option the swap batteries when the primary gets low and bring over my entire music collection on my sd card. The camera is not as good as the iphone image wise, but makes up for it with its features. The motion motion commands really are handy too. Like the flip over to mute calls and music, tap to go to the top of the list, and direct to call.Don't worry about what others say about the cheap plastic. Most of us put our phones in a hard case like ottorbox anyway. You or no one else will see that plastic.

Thanks, good purchase and delivery - the international aspect of the phone means centigrade weather and day/month/year but this is pretty minor and probably good mental exercise anyway.

Muy buen Producto cumpli&oacute; con todo lo esperado us&aacute;ndolo apenas llego a venezuela sin ningun problema lo recomienzo 100% vendedor muy cumplido

The phone is not new, the connection for the USM charging cable is worn, there are apps which were downloaded by a previous user.it is not an international version, it is set up to be used with AT&T;, I am extremely disappointed.

Can anyone tell me if this phone only works international version, or does it work in the state with 4g tmobile or at&t;??please let me know.thanks.

The Galaxy is the best phone on earth, I am an IT person who works with all phones on daily basis.. The Samsung Galaxy SIII and S4 are the most powerful phone we've ever tested, Full HD screen is the best in the business. Its plastic construction is a drawback and some of you might find it complicated to use, but there's no question that it's a seriously it is an amazing phone..

the phone was fine and it worked perfect but it came with root something in the future I could ocacionar warranty issues

I love it! this is what i wanted to get and everything. Galaxy 3S is really great item. you should get it too !

Other than the fact that the white plastic gets chipped up and therefore looks beat up, it works very well.

The phone is great. The only thing that bothered me is that it comes rooted. This is a problem because if something happens with the phone the warranty from Samsung is not valid. It is also a problem because you cannot make a software update. Aside from this detail the phone works great and it is just what I expected!!

Purchased it unlocked for use in China. I have very few complaints with it. It is a really excellent mobile device.

We are very pleased. The phone works beautifully. Great reception, great picture! No problems whatsoever! Kudos for Samsung! I'll definitely get their products.

Go with the U.S. Version if you live in the U.S. You only get h+(3g) speeds on att's prepaid carriers. I get about 2 mbps download on straighttalk. Maybe at&t has faster internet but at@t's prepaid carriers are kind of slow.

MUY AGRADECIDO AMIGOS DESDE VENEZUELA EL EQUIPO LLEGO EN PERFECTAS CONDICIONES ESPERO COMPRAR EN OTRA OPORTUNIDAD......... LLENO LAS EXPECTATIVAS............EL DISE&Ntilde;O EL MEN&Uacute; TODO MUY ELEGANTE Y SUPER R&Aacute;PIDO FUI CLIENTE DE BB POR 5 A&Ntilde;OS, VALI&Oacute; LA PENA EL CAMBIO

I've never used samsung mobile phone, this is my first samsung mobile phone. Its body is very thin, very light, suitable for my hand. Appearance beautiful line. I want to say is that the touch.Big screen, I like to use it to read a book,Fingers, however, often can touch the two return key and function keys below, so that has to look at

I have serious problems with my phone...sometimes I can not use it because the touch-screen is blocked...and I also have problems when I want to update the system...It does not work...Anyway I bought it when I was in the States, two months ago, now I can not do anything...I am in Romania...

The other 5 star reviews say it all - wonderful phone!Regarding the many reports of the wrong phone (AT&T; version) shipped:First of all the I9300 (international) version will work on AT&T; in the USA - no problem.  That's what I'm on.If you get an AT&T; version however (not an I9300), send it back, esp if you are outside the USA!  If the mistake is Amazon's I believe that they even refund the return shipping.  I believe that the AT&T; version uses a different processor which may give higher performance on AT&T;'s own LTE networks (will still work on any GSM network anywhere), but if you are outside the USA I would return it and ask for what was ordered.Note that these phones originate from many countries (that's how they get the price down), so that you may get an instruction manual in Turkish or some other language that you don't speak.  You may also get a European power plug (you just need a cheap adapter).Enjoy this wonderful phone!

Got this phone for xmas.... love it.....It has so many feature and it helps you to organise.This is the best phone that i have seen so far.

It is noted that this phone works with ATT and TMOBILE and not with other carriers. Well, I got this phone and it does NOT work with TMOBILE, does not get internet well, constantly has no service. And during calls there is this thumping and humming sound and during some calls it will not let me end calls. I contacted this company and communicated with Tom a couple of times only for him to admit it does not work with TMOBILE. TOM told me to send it back and I will be charged a restocking fee and did not offer to pay for shipping back to them ....their disclosure is fraudulent lies. This company made claims that this phone works with TMOBILE which is a lie and expects its customers to bear the burden of return and shipping. I will do everything necessary to get every dime back from them. I purchased this phone as a bundle with case and screen covers.......I am stuck with the accessories. THEY ARE FRAUDS.

MY CELL PHONE IS NOT COMPLETE... THE HEADPHONES ARE MISSING.. THEY WERE NOT IN THE BOX, THE INSTRUCTIONS ARE NOT THE ORIGINAL, IT'S A SIMPLE COPY, IT'S NOT AS SELLER SHOW IN THE PICTURE.............I FEEL SCAMMED....

Although it appears in the description it is &#34;unlocked phone&#34;, all the software is tied to AT & T. Disappointed.

My dad bought this for himself and he loves it lovrs it loves it. He cannot get enough of his gs3. Samsung is just amazing and Amazon has a great shopping and shipping experience will definitely be shopping here again

I bought this S3 in May 2013. It was good until last week (August 10) the screen didn't light up any more. Brought to the repairing shop and they said this was factory fault that they had seen in some S3s before. I contacted this seller for an answer. After getting a reply saying &#34;You bought this phone from May, what do you want us to do at this point?&#34;, I clearly stated my problem, how specific the phone's defect was, and that I wanted to trade another well-working phone. Then they never respond to me though I tried to resend the email. Trying to contact Amazon customer services now.

This phone is advertises as an Unlocked International Version; didn't work after inserting a T-Mobile SIM card. This phone is lock to AT&T

I love everything about this phone. if ur looking to buy one please don't wait, just get and u will be glad u did.

I have had this phone since October, and it is amazing. It's fast, beautiful, sleek, and powerful. The screen is a super anoled, making it an led screen. This makes the screen bright, and has a big contrast

Clean,nice phone.delivery on time.very nice and net but I bought this phone for my wife she is a simple mobile customer Talk and txt work perfect,but internet connection will drop every 10 min. I think it's the international version,so the frequency of the internet is different from the US carriers. You have to know before you buy this device.I return this phone with respect.

Total piece of s***. My phone did not work properly when I bought it. The battery died on the charger and I plugged it in for 10 hours and it only charged 12%. Then I went back to sleep for an hour and it was at 4%. NEVER BUY THIS PRODUCT OR ANY PRODUCT!!!!! On the back of my phone it said made in USA and it was not made in USA. This phone is a scam

I loved the product I recommend, although the magazine did not seem very good quality

Excellent as expected.Very fast phone and the best Android phone so far. I already installed Jelly Bean and I'm loving it.For buyers GT-I9300 or international version is the quad core but it only have 1gb of ram. I noticed that it consumes a lot of battery if you use most of the features like sensor, wifi, gps and gaming. Just maximize your battery by turning on all power saving features, lower the brightness of the screen and use dark wall paper. I hope I don't encounter any problem with the phone since it's been excellent so far.I noticed though that upon unlocking your device when you press the power button the screen has a delay and will not lit up immediately unlike other HTC phones that I have.

great came as advertise works well up to now,only thing gets quite hot after long usage,& battery runs down fast other than that i love it

ordered this item thinking i could swap my working sim card into it. this is not the case.  after some research i have found that this phone will not work in the us even though it is an &#34;international&#34; phone that is &#34;factory unlocked&#34;.  i am very dissapointed.

excelente

After I got it I was super excited to use it, but first off I had Verizon and no mini simcard to insert from my old smart phone. But AT&T and T-Mobile would be ideal for the phone if you bring it to your carrier's store.

Nothing like Samsung Galaxy S3 - It beats all my expectations! I was a S2 user and was already convinced about S3. The phone is worth every penny!

The Galaxy S3 is a really good phone; it's really fast for the most part and the battery lasts just enough for a workday. There are some occasional hick ups on the speed and the battery may die sooner - but that's mostly dependent on data usage.

Able to access web without data plan with the factory unlocked plan.Cost wise bit costly, but it is worthy

This is a great phone.  Love the camera and the features.  I've since upgraded to the S4 Active.  Love my Samsung phones

This item doesn't have any kind of warranty. I bought it just 4 months ago and it just died for no apparent reason. I contacted the seller an sai it didn't have warranty, I filed a claim with Amazon just to receive that it has been over 30 days of purchase so it doesn't apply. I contacted Samsung USA, Samsung UK and Samsung Mexico just to be said that the item was bought in the US so it isn't covered by UK or Mexico and Samsung US said that as it was an international version not sold in the US it wasn't supported either! I just lost my $700 usd I spent in this item!!!! DO NOT BUY!!! Samsung Galaxy S3 has been having lots of hardware problems, to fix mine will cost $500 usd to replace the motherboard not worth it!!! WARNING!!!

El tel&eacute;fono es muy bueno, es muy r&aacute;pido el procesador integrado, lo cual lo convierte en una gran herramienta de trabajo, altamente recomendada

I love it I've bought for friends also. Quite good so far. I've also made recommendations and I've had several requests.

This was item should not be sold. The phone face glass was broken and had no battery, it was just the shell they were selling for over almost $300.00. Be very careful of evryhingcellular. I thing Amozon should stop using them because it make them looks bad.

For an Iphone user: this cell phone is really an experience! I used an Iphone for a long time but now I really like to explore the possibilities the samsung offers. It is a great phone! I do have some critics for the seller though: we did not receive ceramic white, but marble white, the phone was set up in french and the charger was german (but they added an adapter). I had the iphone 3GS and therefore a bigger Sim, couldnt someone tell me that the sim cards are smaller now???? I cut it and it works! Yeah!!! The phone is definitely a go!!!!!

I love my new phone and all that it has. It is amazing and I received it just in time and manner.

This cell is not released, it is the opposite of what he says.Would not recommend.Este celular no es liberado, es todo lo contrario que dice.No lo recomiendo.

this was a five star phone until:I purchased this in June before it came to USA and it is the best phone ever!! But now I have a problem with the phone going to black screen or shutting down and then rebooting. I see on the web this is not an isolated problem and some say its being ignored by Samsung.

Absolutely loving it!  Still getting used to the size because I have small hands. Otherwise than that its great! Definitely recommended

I love the phone and can't say enough good about the phone itself. The problem is that the phone went dead and would not charge. Samsung US will not deal with it and you need to figure which country it came from to get repairs. If you look online you will find other people who have had the same problem. Some people have said it is because of problems with the processor in the international version. Fortunately, I was able to figure out that my phone came from England called Samsung England and they referred me to their repair company. I shipped off my phone to England for about 52 dollars with insurance and shipping costs. Phone was repaired and shipped back with 28 pounds cost. So I am out about $100 now.  Now I find the unlocked phone will not work with my SIM from my other phone and it appears to have been locked when it was repaired. I wish Samsung would take care of international phones in the US because they know that people in the US are buying them from sellers on Amazon. If you buy this phone realize that you could be without a phone for two months while you are trying to get problems taken care of.

After 8 months my phone has suffered the &#34;Sudden death&#34; syndrome. I've been reading and there is nothing I can do, I am not completely sure about the warranty but if my $700 are gone this is my last Samsung product, and I have tablets and other products, for me Samsung is dead too. Glad to hear If someone had a similar problem and found a solution.

The phone I bought stopped working in a matter of days. My trouble was enhanced by the fact that I trusted the supplier to provide quality checked phones. (and hence i sent it to India as a gift.) Now I have to spend around 70$ to return the phone via Fedex from India to US to return it.

I own a Galaxy Nexus and the S3 and I prefer my Nexus over the S3, but I guess it is just because I owned the Nexus first and got used to its interface. It is lighter and keep Nexus size which I consider a pro, but as a big con, you have to wait longer for android updates.

This product is exactly as described. It is definitely the international version of the phone. It is perfect. Delivery was prompt and in excellent condition. This phone from this seller is a must have!!! 5 stars all the way. Do not listen to anyone saying this isn't the international version.

Hi,I got the Galaxy S3, charged the battery, put my old SIM and started the device.It works perfectly, after a few second the Phone asked whether to update its Opereatin System from 4.2 to 4.2.1.2 minutes after it ran with the latest OS.This is a great phone.Pros:great performance.Easy to use.Cons:The battery last less than a day with a moderate use.a bit expensive.

Bought it from Global Mobiles. It was obviously refurbished. No IMEI or serial number on the package. It does not have the upper left blue light that illuminates while you're on the 3G or 4G. Inside I found a statement from the seller that reads: "Thank you for your purchase from us. Unlocked phones do not come preloaded with internet and MMS like network branded phones. Here is a small manual how to set up the settings for AT&T customers. If you're using another network (T-mobile), please check the internet option for the settings you need to enter. This phone DOES NOT work with Sprint or Verizon" end of qoute. Really!!! How do you know unless you opened it and tested it? Still sold as new, right!!! lol. It is GT-I9300 which should come factory unlocked with all options. I doubt it's a Chinese replica, this is why seal is removed (glue residues are obvious on the package and collect dust). That is fraud and must be investigated by Amazon in order to keep their reputation. Phone must match description online and of the unlocked version from factory

Todo bien con el equipo, llego sellado, desbloqueado y  en perfectas condiciones, utilizando en Venezuela con Digitel, el mejor smartphone!

Finally the phone arrived today. In a box with a broken seal. It said it was a phone for use in Europe only!!!There is no way to contact the seller to ask if there is a phone that can be used in South America.My only recourse was to contact Amazon and they authorized a return.What a disappointment!

A great phone with many features, but sadly this version doesnt support 4G. T-Mobile signal ahve 3G sometimes, planning to change to at&t though.

So far so good no problems what so ever  I had iphone 4s but this is by far a better phone

I have had this phone about 3 months, and it has seen normal wear and tear. I haven't dropped it from exorbitant heights, and I haven't dropped it in water or anything crazy. And yet, this phone is absolute garbage.The first thing that went was the phones ability to charge. It wont react at all to being plugged in. The little battery in the corner dosent show the lightning bolt that indicates that its charging. At first I thought that it was the charging cable, but it works just fine on both of my friends' phones perfectly. However, I don't have the money for a new phone, so I purchased a battery pack charger, and removed the battery from the phone to charge it directly.The next thing that went was the main button at the bottom of the phone. The phone dosent recognize when that button is being pressed, so I had to install an App that allows me to close the apps running on the phone so as not to drain my battery at light speed. Still, I powered through it.But the final straw is this morning when I went to make a phone call. I can hear the person on the other line, but all they hear coming from me is a garbled alien-sounding, unintelligible mess. This is a PHONE that I cant make PHONE CALLS on. I purchased this less than 3 MONTHS ago, have never done anything to cause it to break, and yet Im left with a very expensive little brick that is essentially good for NOTHING. I havent felt this ripped off since the 3rd grade when I spent 3 months allowance to win a 10 cent goldfish at the county fair.

The phone is not good, they send me a good battery for s3 but the phone is a fake, because it doesn't have the same place for battery like one real, and now they don t answer to me

Product is excellent, however I did receive a damage charger(USB) but I guess these are some of the risk when purchasing online

Not really a phone lover but my mon got this when it came out and i was stuned with the screen RES and the bright. Also how the phone moves in terms of speed just one word &#34;AWESOME&#34; this is a must buy phone.

1. The seller says it's original but has no Samsung service (I couldn't register it with them).2. It has 4.1.9 android version (a custom build according to seller) where it should have 4.1.23. It doesn't have: compass, magnetic sensor, gyroscope and pressure sensor.4. It doesn't have a camera flash.Ain't it enough?I'll never ever buy anything from this seller.

This is by far one of the best smart phones I've had in my life. Just a word of advice if you want to go through Verizon pre paid service they will not let you since it is a 4G LTE phone which is stupid.

It seems an excellent phone. It has very good applications, it is very light and very fast connected with the internet. The supplier fulfilled with the delivery time.

I purchase S3 phone for my mother and she is really happy using new phone.Ringtone of the phone are not that good but we can use our own rington. otherwise phone in overall is really good. Best in Low Price.

I was disapointed with the phone I recieved .It was impossible to download a keyboard in HEBREW but it came many other languages I didn't need. I tried to upgrade the version ,it didn't work it crushed during the process. I had to send the phone  to a lab to fix it and it cost me an extra 45 usd.Arie sommer

The must amaizing buying experience and best product yet, I recomend this company 100 percent and I will be doing business with them in the near future.

This product is Awesome and time flies away easily when i get started with S3 each time. The Apps are absolutely amazing !!!!

I was deceived by the seller. Buy an Samsumg SIII, I9300 and sent me a Samsung SGH-I747 S3. Now the cell phone is hurting me and Venezuela can not repair it because it's not I9300. I feel cheated. Excuse my English

I feel very disappointed. I was expecting the international version, and I got the AT&T US version SGH-I747 it does not seem to be factory unlocked. All the software is tied to AT&T. If you advertise the product as a the international version that is what I expect to get. I would consider to return the device, sadly I had not enough time until I got back to Peru. This is very dissapointed

I was looking for a S3 to use with AT&T; and this phone worked great.I just cut my regular sized SIM Card down to size utilizing a video I watched on Youtube, popped in the modified SIM card and it worked great!Love the phone.The only thing that was unexpected was the non-us AC wall adapter plug but they included a US to non-US adapter for it so I was able to use it, still. No issues. Very satisfied customer.

Buy back have no trademark, is an engineering machine, the screen is very rough, I cheated, I will Sue them this joint!

The product arrived in ex celent conditions, with all accesories, the phone is in perfect con di tions , and on time

The Samsung Galaxy S III is the ideal smartphone. It's stylish, durable, fast and tech savvy. The international unlocked phone is great....it works perfectly with my local (bmobile) SIM Card. I recommend the supplier, FGS Trading Inc. for supplying quality products with prompt delivery!

El tel&eacute;fono NO ESTABA DESBLOQUEADO. Son un fraude, ahora tengo que pagar que me lo desbloqueen.The phone wasnt unlocked as international version. Now, i have to pay fot it. This people are a totally mess.

Great phone works super good fast just as advertised super fast shipping and great packed to protect phone only down sidebit arrived in chinese but after all excellent

Let me start by saying that this phone started out as the best samsung galaxy phone that i've ever had. Then i start having wifi connection issues with my phone which just so happens to be a week after my 30 day return window. So now, while i'm writing this review i'm on the phone with amazon trying to see what my options are on getting a phone that i spent 700 dollars on exchanged for one that is actually worth the 700 dollars i spent. After i started doing research to try and find a fix to my issue i found that there are many people that have are having these issues among other ones also. Now i'm not saying that all the galaxy S3's have these issues but it's kind of hit or miss. i was very weary on buying a phone outside of my local att store primarily due to warranty issues like i'm having now. My advice is make sure you get an extended warranty with your phone and make sure the people that have these extended warranties have many good reviews saying that they honor those warranties. Because nobody wants to be told like i just was that because it's been almost 2 months since i bought my phone that if i send it back that i might only get a partial refund that was faulty in the first place. I hope that amazon tries to help me without making me go without a phone.UPDATE: I was told by amazon that they would (One Time Only) offer me a full refund which is pretty awesome but i have to first call samsung and see if they can help me with this issue. If not i have to get a reference number in order to be able to return my phone for a refund.Thanks amazon for you help but i hope that samsung has a fix for my issue.

First is doesn't come on time, also, it comes all in Spanish, And I went to get it prepaid, they will not do prepaid on it anywhere. Also, it does not come with the sim card, so you can not even use it. HORRIBLE&#60; do NOT ORDER THIS.

My friend's using it with the new Unlimited everything (including hotspot) plan that just came out from Solavei. Runs off T-Mobile and at&t;'s 4G network for $49/mo and ends up bein free or making you money every month instead. It just launched in September and is taking the money that would other wise be wasted on the same old repetitive advertising and giving it to the people for sharing with others. $20 for every 3 people you enroll every month for as long as they have the service+another $20 for every 3 people they add as well... It adds up let me tell ya. Also coming to Europe next yearLearn more at [...][...]

It is very disappointing that the phone was offered as NEW, but it is very clear that the phone is a REFURBISHED(used) one. It even came with the screen protector(not the sticker of samsung) and clear marks that somebody had used it before. I am traveling this week, so I won't have time to wait for another phone. I really don't recommend this seller.

Great phone ....

There are a lot of features that are good on this phone; however, everything were balance out by the stuff that are not working... I had the Hong Kong verison of S3, loved it for the first month, but now... want to destory it every time I pick it up.The current problem I have:1. Battery life is ridiculously short, 10 min of drive to work using bluetooth audio to the car, 10% will be gone (save battery mode not seems help too much)2. Keep rebooting itself randomly for no reason when playing music thru bluetooth3. Music player don't know how to pause the song, so if the phone reboot, it replay the song from beginning again, or if you drive inside a mall to stop by different shops, you will have to listen to that same song over and over again4. Music player will play all the sound files in the phone including ring tone, audio files from whatsapp (need to create playlist, not easy if you have thousands of song need to sort)5. Phone will freeze randomly and no respond while pressing the home or lock key (could end up rebooting or need to wait for awhile to respond)6. Build in keyboard lagging, always delay for over a second7. Overheat!!!!! the bottom of the phone can become extremely hot while using the phone8. Phone call log showing all the calls and messages, need to fliter it every time9. Not supporting multi language coding, if you select Chinese as the phone language, phone will not display Japanese characters or other language (English is fine) in songs; if select English as system language, you won't able to read any other language characters10. International version not including Chinese system language (It happen on the Galaxy Note, not sure about S3, but I think is the same)11. Customer service is bad, online chatting agent give me a respond said they are not train for phone that is not US version, told me to contact Hong Kong customer service, but gave me a China number instead... When I email Hong Kong customer service, they said I had to bring the phone to the service department in Hong Kong12. Memory usage is also extremely high, every time I open the RAM control, it used up 90% (still use over 50% if you clear the memory...)I had been using my iphone 4 for years without any of these issues... regrating paying almost $800 for the phone, now just wish the new iphone will come out soon so I can leave this hell...Looks like I'm not the "human" that Samsung is designed for...

We bought this phone for our Grandson so we were skeptical because of some of the negative reviews about it not being the unlocked, international version. It arrived today and we are thrilled with it.  It was exactly what they advertised, factory unlocked (Still sealed in the box), international version.  It came UPS Air, next day delivery (Free).  Not sure what some of these folks are talking about on their negative reviews but this vendor is great and the product is great.  Price was nice as well...

All I can say is even though it's a quad core phone , ANDROID  4.1.2 is  awful !!!!.Construction was okay  and there were no dents , scratches or marks on the unit .As millions of people have said in the past  it's a fingerprint magnet  so have some fibrecloth and ISOPROPYL alcohol at all times .Battery  life is poor .Have to charge it every day which is ridiculous ( forget about the myriad of so called battery saving apps in the android marketplace THEY DO NOT WORK ). Just terminate any processes of any apps you're not using and it might give you at least 24 hours of non stop use .Camera , audio /video playback , bluetooth functionality are okay .Call quality is okay even though the cellular networks down here are sub-standard .As time goes on I'll update this review .Cheers .

i love the big screen. nothing i can say bad about this fon.  this is the best fon i ever had.

This is international which means it is a cheaper and inferior Samsung 3 which is being marketed overseas where there is no 4G LTE . Buyer be awareDo not buy this you will be surprised and $380 poorer

got this for my brother, and he love it. phone work fine and nothing bad to it. not like the other one i buy it

I am an Iphone person but always liked the flexibility with the android models.  I had a Samsung Captivate, slow, slow, slow.  It was one of the first for Samsung.  When I needed replacement phone I did an upgrade and got this for $39 via Amazon with contract.  Phone has nice large screen.  Phone is still, slow, slow, slow.  Samsung phones are plastic. Its a big piece of plastic and its needs a strong case.  Hence it gets bulky.  Angain the screen is very nice, but android is still slow even on this model. Compared to the iPhone 5, it has a larger screen.  But because I find android to be unstable from time to time, I would say the iPhone is the better phone.  It takes better quality photos, the iPhone is made better, you do get a year of apple involvement.  You don't get and Samsung involvement.  The iPhone has better resale.  The battery life of the Galaxy 3 is just terrible. But for $39 its worth it.

S3 is still a wonderful option for a reliable phone with wonderful features.  The price was nice and the phone was delivered on time and unblocked as promised.

I purchased a Samsung Galaxy 3 for both my husband and son at Christmas 2012, by spring 2013- both phones were having trouble charging.  By Summer 2013 the only to keep the phone working has been to remove the batteries and charge them in an external charger.  This is crazy annoying.  The phone may be really cool- but they are made to be POS.  not worth the $$

El proveedor entrego a tiempo y de forma correcta el dispositivo. Funciona muy bien, posee un dise&ntilde;o agradable, ergon&oacute;mico y es liviano a pesar de tener gran tama&ntilde;o

It came very fast and was in excellent condition.This phone is great and I received great customer service. CONS I cant think of any except it did not come with the original box?

Again these were delivered as promised and was what it was suppose to be. New phone and works great. No problems of any kind so you can be at rest.

It was ok, I was expecting a stronger product, but it works fine.But I would try a new cream before buying this again, if your skin problem is not too bad, it should works for you!

So you can't really go wrong.  Impressive phone.  Bought this for my wife and she is happy.  The only issue we had was that it came with non standard power plug so I have to go out and get one.

Though if you want to use it with T-Mobile, don't. It didn't work well with T-Mobile but I got excellent reception with Best Buy's AT@T. It's not the phone's fault but the provider's. I just had a very very bad experience with T-Mobile, their reception, and their customer's service. Never again.

Great phone, currently using with unlimited data plan on AT&T HSPA+, this will not work with tmobile hspa+ in most areas since it lacks 1700 aws band (t mobile is currently rolling out 1900 for international phones and iphone users and plans to use 1700 for LTE in the future). Get a nexus if you're going to use t-mobile. This phone is great but i took 1 star for lack of exynos sources. If you want to know, my galaxy s3 i9300 came with french and german manuals (not that anyone reads those). I bought mine from FGS trading. My phone's csc is LUX (luxembourg) but english was the default set language on the phone It is now updated to jellybean. Touch wiz on ics is slow but is pretty fast on jellybean.

I am a big fan of Samsung but as good as my Samsung S3 was for the time I had and used it lightly I noticed my screen cracked. I never dropped it and used it pretty lightly carrying in a protective carrier. Not even 6 months of owning it the screen cracked. I love my phone and its features and screen size but am a bit disappointed that the screen cracked.

IT IS AN AMAZING CELL PHONE, IT WAS BETTER THAN I EXPECT, THE ONLY PROBLEM WAS THAT IT WASN'T SENT THE CELL PHONE MANUAL BUT FOR EVERYTHING ELSE ITS GREAT.

The phone was scratched up way more than the description said and has a few problems with the phone working correctly.

The Galaxy S III from Verizon Wireless is so much more than a phone--it's a high tech machine that does so many things! It's the easy photo sharing that has been getting the most attention but the phone can also help control devices around the home (with the help of an app or two), starting clothes washers and dryers, sending you reminders about food that's about to expire in the frig, and so much more.  Very cool.Samsung Galaxy S III 4G Android Phone, Blue 16GB (Verizon Wireless)Note: As a Verizon Wireless Ambassador, I was sent this device to review but my opinions remain my own.[...]

I bought this cell phone for my grile frend she love it works great for here it is get every thing you need on it.

I just got my new phone and i'm loving it. The shipment was really quick, and the phone is in perfect conditions.

it is wonderful, so useful, so nice, you can do everything what you want. internet is so fast, there are a lot of applications

The Samsung Galaxy S III is one of the best smart phones available. This is a truly unlocked version with latest android updates readily available. You don't have to wait for AT&T; to release the update.The only problem is this is not 4G LTE. Its 3G and I am ok with that.The customer service is extremely good and they put forth the facts honestly!Also don't worry about the phone starting in German, You just have to select English language and it is as good as any other S III

I bought this phone for a friend, and he really like the phone, but he has had issues with the camera. A complete reset has been necessary to bring back the camera working again. Which is annoying because he has to download the apps and put the contacts back

This is an outstanding product. I had before an Iphone 4 and switched to Samsung Galaxy S3. Product has a very good quality. Camera and video are very good. I can also use Skype in wireless environment.

Everyone is raving for the Samsung galaxy S4 but I chose this phone for pricing reasons. Its been a good buy, the phone works excellent.

Lov this phone, i've had it a while now. The HD is so clear and crisp.  The only problem with the Galaxy phone is the Video's.  You have to change the setting to MMS and it's not clear at all. I also changed the Resolution to 720/480 which is a little better but you can only record small snips of video at a time.  other wise, this phone is awesome.  I also turn off the apps to help with the battery usage.  If you buy an adapter and an HDMI cord you can watch Netflix from your phone to the TV.  it is so cool.

This is the best cell i have ever bought, the function are great, the color is great, i love the speed of the processor, and the graphics. Simply the best

Good phone, I went from Apple to Samsung because at the time google maps were no longer on the iphone. I was amazed by what the galaxy could do. The battery life could be the only downside but if you buy a backup battery or you're near a charger you're good to go. The video quality is superb and while the music store isn't as robust at itunes using apps like spotify make up for that feature. I would recommend this phone over the iphone if you're looking for a bigger screen.

I gave up my iPhone over a year ago and got an SIII. It's been a frustrating experience to say the least and I WOULD not get another Samsung phone. The battery dies way too quickly. There are software glitches that cause the phone to shutdown, leave an App, give me the same notifications over and over again, etc. Very disappointed. Looking forward to getting this phone replaced when my contract expires.

Fully recommended, arrives in perfect condition, exactly as described, and as aparecee in the images. I'm from Venezuela, and it works great, is released white ... it's just perfect. Very excited and pleased with this purchase. RECOMMENDED.  BUY IT AT THE STORE SHOPEBEST. THANK YOU ...

the s3 is the perfect pone great sound great screen and the aplications are fast really glad with my purchase

Amazing product but every now and then the phone decides it doesn't want to have a ringtone even with all the volume up, so I have to restart my phone (sometimes I have to take the battery out) Also the reverse happens as well I will have all the sound completely off while I am in a meeting yet the ringer will still go off at full volume... talk about getting s*** from your boss :/ Other than that the phone is amazing

exelente

We got this phone from FGS Trading for $389. The same phone was $480+ taxes in the T-mobilestore. I thought I would get a lemon but this is the real phone. In this is International version there is a quad core processor from Nvidia  with 1GB RAM. The US version in store has a dual core processor with 2GB RAM. I found no appreciable difference in speed. Certainly worth the price saving.Samsung has nailed it with the S3. The S4 is a better phone technically but it is a little to big. The S3 is just the right size. You can do email, maps, Facebook, Twitter and browsing (which is what I use it for 90% of the time). The multi window option is good. I can have a review going in the upper pane and directions in the lower one.I would buy from this vendor again. I don't know how they can sell it so cheap but I just got mine. What can I say!

Everything is perfect. Except the most basic function: call and answer the phone. It keeps dropping calls everytime. I saw in the Internet several people complaining about the same issue with this model of S3 (I9300). Its impossible to use the phone as a phone. I'm returning this to Amazon. I bought another one in Brazil and, this time, it worked. So, the S3 I9300 is ok, but some of them just doesn't function properly. Unfortunately, mine was one of these.

Very good cel phone and it is exactly what I was waiting for. I am totally satisfied with this purchase.

I cannot turn the phone on suddenly!!!! I've been useing this phone for three month, and then, I just cannot turn on the cell phone the next day after I charged it!! Be careful when you buy this one!

The phone comes with Root!. It found the first time because defective and with Root permission. I'm not covencida with this purchase because in the description of the product it designates that the software is modified.

s3 great phone, bought it used. got phone went to activate it, could not still activated, somewhere! I All I wanted was working phoneI could use, Seller did give full refund but i am still without working cell phone, guess my fault trying to save money.

I got the Galaxy S3, nice phone the screen is very very nice.  Is a super toy.  However, I had to return it since the Galaxy S3 has some issues you may get at the beggining or later on.  First, when the phone is locked for a few minutes, you are not able to unlocked you have to re-start it.  Nice you will not be able to recieve calls.  This seems to be a popular bug with Samsung.  Then the battery life is not that good.  Finally the screen burns when you use it for a while.  Probably mine was a defective one but Samsung support or the seller support on Amazon is terrible.  I guess I will spend a few more dollars but will get and Iphone, maybe not as nice as Samsung but at least works.

Excelent product. It is a trully 5 Star smartphone out of this galaxy! Nice andas marvelous screen with a smooth ui and os

Samsung seal was broken and had another label trying to hide it. Phone had fingerprints everywhere, plastic was on crooked. Phone was advertised as new, so I'm sending this back. Hard to tell if anything is authentic. I had a brand new S3 from a previous employer and know how everything should look when it comes from the factory and it isn't like this!

I like this phone and the seller is trustworthy, new piece, no problem, I would recommend to anyone,  happy ending, but this is 3G not 4g, make sure there are different speed limit, just for informations.

Bought this phone in June, the first day I had it I plugged it in to the charge.  The phone got very hot and a crack developed on the edge of the screen.  Phone carrier and Samsung both refused to perform warranty repair.  Other than the crack the phone worked fine - until 4 months later when the phone stopped working completely.  Again the phone carrier and samsung will not honor the warranty, because of the existing crack.Out $600 because of this unreliable product.

I had the chance to get the SS4 but i like so much that i decide to not change unless there is something much better than this, for me this is the best phone i ever had

Forget the others. Choose S3 and enjoy it. Everything is on this phone what you expect. Strongly recommend to buy external microSDHC card with this phone. Also If you have a Samsung Smart TV you will see more benefits of S3.

My first 'smartphone.'  Had asked friends/family what they're using.  This one kept coming up.  Did some research before buying.  Have been very please with its handling and performance.  It's fast!  Only down is the low battery life.  HAVE to plug it in every other day (even with Bluetooth off).  Otherwise really enjoy it.

This product is exactly as advertised. It shipped quickly, arrived brand-new in perfect condition, and was indeed unlocked. A few people got confused that it is an At&t locked phone because it comes with instructions to route your phone to At&t's data (the instructions for the other carriers are on their websites) but I can assure you, it's 100% unlocked. I use it with Straight Talk in the States and I have had no issues with it at all. It's also cheaper than buying an unlocked Galaxy S III in the States.

I don't know what to do. The device has never turned on. Nothing happens. I chatted with amazon that recommended to find out a solution with Samsung. Samsung in Brazil did not accept to fix imported devices. I also tried to a generic service center to test it, that gave me a feedback the device is damaged externally in the case. I am sure I unpacked correctly and never damaged it. I bought it when I was in the USA couple weeks ago. HELP ME PLEASE. I don't intend to pay more $ 500.00 to fix it complete.

I'm new to buying phones on line - so I didn't know there are national providers whose chips won't work in some phones.  Ask your provider BEFORE you buy.

Ok, so upfront I must admit I have not had a smart phone before & many people gave me grief & would 'needle' me at work. This phone is absolutely & utterly AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!I can hardly believe the conveniences it provides. I took several photos today & the quality of the camera alone is astonishing!!!I feel &#34;blessed&#34; to have this!!!

Great Phone! Bought it for my girlfriend and she loves it. I bought it from &#34;Top10Cell&#34;, everything came in a new sealed box as the description says it. Only thing made me worry was the &#34;Sudden Death&#34; issue with the i9300, but I still got it. The one I bought wasn't the one with it, so I'm happy. Make sure you read up on the &#34;sudden death syndrome&#34; (SDS) and updating to firmware 4.1.2+ (MG4), since I made a wrong choice updating to 4.1.2 where my IEME/SN was removed and cant make calls or data for a few days. Cost me another $30 to fix it at a local phone shop. One advise, do your homework before buying anything without warranty.

I like this phone, it was very good for travel being unlocked. Samsung always makes a solid product. Buy with confidence.

Galaxy S3 - international versionPurchased from Global Mobile 3/2013First and foremost: PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH VERIZON OR SPRINT.Could have saved me a lot of time and worry if the product description said it only works with TMobile and AT&T.; For that reason you lose half a star.Took away another half for being shipped late. The shipping date was also never updated until the day it finally shipped, which is the date I was expecting it.I love the phone so much that I can forgive the late shipping and having to switch phone carriers.  (I was planning on leaving Verizon anyway).This is my third Android phone and it is definitely the best so far. The amount tricks you can do just keep increasing. It'll take a while to learn everything this phone is capable of.Was concerned about the size. But my small girly hands have no problems.  Strongly recommend a case as the sleek design made me nervous I'd drop it.Best thing about purchasing an unlocked phone is not having to deal with all the bloat-ware that the carriers install on their phones. No annoying apps that you can't delete. Did come with a bunch of German apps. But I was able to delete them with no problems.If you've never used an Android or aren't technically savy, it may take awhile for you to get the hang of it.All in all I'm glad I bought this phone. I got the phone I've always wanted. At nearly half the price.  Left Verizon for TMOBILE. Looking forward to a much cheaper phone bill.Definitely worth it.SENT FROM MY AWESOME NEW GALAXY S3!

the phone is perfect, just that I was not liberated from manufactures, pedi helps the seller and the responses were not effective, I had to pay $ 50 for unlocking

very good phone , only disappointment was not getting guide and phone in English version , I need to customer service to contact to setup in English and download guide.

LOVE LOVE LOVE this phone. However, I think I got a bad seed from the get-go bc it is 8 months into the phone life and it no longer works.  But overall the general use of the phone is great and everyone else I know with the phone have no issue with it. I would deff. recommenced this phone to someone else.

I ASKED SEVERAL TIMES WILL THIS PHONE WORK WITH SPRINT??? I WAS TOLD IT WAS A SPRINT INTERNATIONAL FACTORY UNLOCKED PHONE. I ONLY NEEDED TO ACTIVATE IT! wrong, wrong, I took it to Sprint it's not a SPRINT phone, Sprint said its a useless phone can't be activated. Sprint does not use a SIM CARD. Sprint went on to tell me they see so many folks buying on line phone that are not what they claim there suppose to do. I really hope this is not the case with this phone.  I want to keep the phone if it will work with out too much hassle.I have called Best Buy they sell sim cards for $30.00. If that solves the problem, I will be keeping this good looking phone.When reading the model and ID #'s to BEST Buy Tech's they said it wasn't a SPRINT phone either.  I realize that! Loud and Clear. I just want it to work with my Sprint, USA carrier.I HOPE, IF I HAVE TO RETURN THIS PHONE, I CAN WITH A FULL REFUND ON MY CREDIT CARD. I NEED A PHONE, I USE MY PHONE FOR BUSINESS!!Kingwood, Tx  Realtor

All the bad reviews on this phone is correct!!! please take heed and do not buy this phone if you do not live in the US!!  It is not an &#34;International Version&#34; as stated, I bought this phone but i live in the Caribbean the applications are not supported here, Although the phone states international. I am very disappointed and up-set as this phone is not cheap; I am also disappointed in amazon. Now I am stuck with this phone!!! VERY POOR purchase!

This cell phone was for my daughter that lives in Costa Rica and it is working wonderful, my daughter don't have any complaints.

The sophistication of the design and technology make the phone is better than i-phone. the sleek design as well as automatic power saver feature are superb

I gifted this phone to my mom she liked the features very much.. the apps r good and its more user friendly...

SOmetimes contacts window is slow but it wont make me stop liking this smartphone. I just love it. Samsung thanks for that!!!

I love the speed of this phone, it's better than my note2. I love all the features and I think it's built to last. The only negative thing I hate about this is how fast the battery drains. That's all..

Good afternoon, I am writing to inform you of the problem with the cell phone to buy him, I presentouna failures and lead to the Samsung authorized service and cell phone review found that the IMEI code that has the tag attached to the barcode when cell phone is not the same IMEI code that has registered the cell phone, and for that reason does not guarantee them.Samsung told me that I contact you to me that my problem solution.I appreciate the solution of my problem as soon as possible.You are a company responsible for the sale of all kinds of product have to be equally responsible before these problems.Thank goodbye to you

After debating for months, I decided to go for the Samsung Galaxy III and I'm not sorry for even one minute. The Android OS is simple and intuitive, and the phone's features are amazing. The camera's photos come out bright and sharp and the video has excellent sound as well. The minor drawback is that it the screen is a bit large and doesn't easily fit into a pocket.

the team did not show the features offered! 9300 series I indicated and I turned 535, indicating unlocked which resulted not true! I had to come to Venezuela and cheated with this team

This cell phone is great, I am very pleased with the product, it's really good. Thank you very much for everything.

The device I recieved was NOT International Unlocked, it was european, locked. What a pain and a shame, considering I live in Venezuela.

I have had this phone for a little over a year now. If you are looking for a tough phone without bulkiness this is it! I have put this phone through hell and back, it will not quit. On the less impressive side is the battery. I have to charge it about 3 times a day even when I turn off my data, GPS, and turn my screen brightness to the lowest possible level. The camera is pretty good, nothing to complain about. Sound quality is average in my opinion. I do love how vivid the screen is compared to others released at its time. The design in general gets boring fairly fast. The messaging system isn't the greatest, but the phone is set up to be very convenient. All in all this phone was pretty amazing when first released but with all shiny new things it's fading pretty fast and easily forgettable. Would I recommend this phone? Yeah, its sturdy and decent enough.But  If you can not access a phone charger at least two times a day you may want to look in a different direction.

Excellent quality to!!!

When I first got this phone back in June 2013, this phone was perfect and I loved it. It had a 12 hour battery life with all features on (bluetooth, gps, etc.), virtually glitch free, lightning fast performance. I couldn't have asked for a better phone. However, all that was good about this phone was ruined when Samsung released the 4.3 update a few months back. Since the update, battery life has been slashed DRAMATICALLY from 12 hours to about 5. Oh, and that's with power save mode on, low screen brightness, and all other background features and apps turned off. Not only did the battery life get ruined, but the phone started lagging BAD. Now, it takes as much as 25 seconds to wake the lockscreen. I called samsung about both these issues and all they did was give me the usual corporate runaround and tell me to do basic troubleshooting that I had already did plenty of times. I clear the RAM every 5 minutes and the performance is still sluggish. Also, this phone, along with all other samsung phones, is known for killing SD cards. I had a 32gb sandisk that had hundreds of photos and music on it and now the card is unreadable and rendered useless because of careless engineering. After doing some research, I found out that many other people have had this same problem happen to them. Some people have said they had gone through as many as 6 SD cards (Look it up...). This is due to the fact that the SD card slot is located directly above the processor where the most heat is released (Like I said, careless engineering). I'm angry because I have always been a fan of Samsung products but with the faulty android 4.3 release and the poorly located SD card slot, it is obvious to me that this company does not care about the quality of their products. It is obvious that they didn't bother to properly beta test this phone or the 4.3 software for bugs before releasing it to the public. I will never buy a Samsung product ever again and will most likely be switching to the iPhone when I get the money.Oh I almost forgot! This morning I took my phone off the charger and the battery meter instantly dropped from 100% to 14%. This is probably the start of a whole new set of problems to come...

I had a GS3 before but I broke it. Oops! So I came online to get a replacement, and I got exactly what I had ordered. I ordered 12/2 and it was delivered 12/6. It's a brand new Samsung Galaxy S III unlocked international version, exactly as advertised. It also came with a wonderful wall charger and ear buds. I have absolutely no complaints. I love the phone and I am very happy with the service I received, I see some reviews saying they didn't receive what they had ordered. I'm glad I didn't let that sway my decision to get it bc my order was perfect.

I would love this phone if it works fine. I'm user from Hong Kong. I bought the S3 and use it for three months. One night it only charged 20% and stopped. It has the charging symbol but it doesn't go up. later on, it won't charge at all. (neither using the main charger and from the computer). I did search on the internet and found out so many people have the same issue all over the world. I sent it to Samsung and repaired three times. It worked fine at the beginning, then it happened again. I'm still dealing with this issue. They can't fix it right, but they refuse to replace the new one. How can Samsung sell a defect product and refuse to exchange? They support is terrible. Next time, I will just get an iphone at least they will replace a new one. I was thinking buy the Samsung smart tv, but now I will never buy any Samsung product again.

This is my first smart phone and there is a learning curve (I couldn't figure out how to answer my first call). The phone is light and has a large clear screen. The camera is better than I expected. Text messaging is easy because the keyboard is very responsive, especially when turned sideways as that makes the keys bigger.  I haven't used many of the phones features yet but I think we are going to get along just fine.

OMG I can't say enough how much I love this shop and how great the products are that they have sent to me.  I bought 2 phones from them and both have worked perfectly.  Thank you so much!

I ordered this phone after my iPhone 4 decided to give up on me only 3 months before my upgrade. Received the phone on time, in sealed packaging, fantastic condition, and exactly as advertised, except for the small, but incredibly important fact that it was not, in fact, an international factory unlocked phone, but the at&t; version.They are still getting three stars because this would be a fantastic buy for any AT&T; user, and because they have been very helpful and friendly in the way they handled my refund.

camera does not work - no good antenna - was not good product - I had problems and make repairs - I do not recommend the seller

It is a really good smartphone. I took me a while to get use to the new OS. The only bad about it is that the battery does long much. It has a big screen, that is why!

The phone works perfectly in belize and it is easy to activate and understand. I am very comfortable using the phone.

phone wasn't unlocked properly  it was still running on the at&t  program.  I was kinda disappointed with the fact that you said it was unlocked international version

you would improve you service on check the ware that you are selling, the phone came with defect on upgrade of software but it's ok

It is fantastic as I expected and I recommend others to buy it. It is a good deal. I like it.

Pleased, yes very pleased! I am with pleased this exceptional device! This cell phone has endured hard work... grueling CyanogenMod Nightlies 10.2, Android 4.3 & GoogleApps 4.3 every new release, usually every other day since 7 months ago... Rooted and with ROM Manager... It is akin to reformatting a HDD & reinstalling the OS and all loaded programs are reinstalled, backed up via Google... I enjoy this handheld computer immensely. lduaineallen@gmail.com DuaineAllen

For sometime now I have been wanting to change my.phone.  From a distance I have been admiring the Samsung Galaxy S3, and thought that this was way out of my league as I am technically challenged. Anyways I got the phone and I have not regretted my decision, &#10084;&#10084;&#10084;&#10084;&#10084;

Many thanks for your commitment with this product.My wife love it, all the items arrived without any problem or defect. Besides, the phone and all the items received were as it was described.Many thanks again.Eliecer.

anyone who says other then it being the best either had a customer seervice issue, or they dont know jack S*** about phones this is the best.

It was not International version Factory Unlocked.. It was AT&T.; And the box was open.This was no mistake.. It was cheating.

Lo recomiendo ampliamente todo perfecto gracias. El equipo esta en excelente condiciones y el vendedor envio rapido la mercancia al casillero de nuevo gracias

I brought a Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone from Zaarn which is fulfilled by amazon. but it is not better than other seller. I recieved this phone and can not even call people!!!! what kind of phone it is if it can not even make call. SO I returned it . So annoying and ruin my day!

I LIKE IT.I CAN'T FIGURE OUT HOW TO GET THE ALARM CLOCK TO WORK.SOMETIMES I WAKE UP LATE FOR THINGS.SOMETIMES I DONT.IT REALLY DEPENDS ON THE DAY.

Very powerful and neat machine. Especially given the price and screen size; it's a good buy. You need tweak a little to optimize  the ram usage if you are a heavy user. Also battery does not last very long like any other smart phone at this age.

it says in the paper which comes with the phone box, you can not use this phone with verizon or sprint, i thought it was okey. you can use att or t mobile, however you can not use 3g or 4g internet you can only use edge internet, so , what is the benefit of this phone. it is useless, i bought it and i returned it without opening the box

Este celular ha sido de las mejores elecciones que he hecho, los colores se ven super n&iacute;tidos, es liviano y super r&aacute;pido, fotos, videos, cualquier cosa que hagas con el se convierte en algo espectacular

I love this phone very much, and it is very good to be used. The shipping is very fast, and i will recommend others to buy this phone.I think it is better than I phone.

I got my order on time! My Samsung Galaxy s3 came in a brand new box with all his accessories but I dont know what kind of charger is that because it cannot be charged in America or Jamaica where I go back and forth regular, in-addition the phone is advertised as &#34;Version&#34; but I dont see any sign of &#34;Version&#34; on the phone therefore when I go to Jamaica I hope it is unlocked and I dont have to pay any expense to open the phone for it to make it work.... But all and all the phone seems brand new and I like it thus far so I will see what happens when  i reach Jamaica. #Yup

el samsung galaxy s3 es extraordinario tiene muy buena resolucion  es elegante se puede manipular con facilidad tiene excelentes aplicaciones

Great  cell phone, this is  international version and look so nicework perfect , in every sense, come in french but I speak frenchtoo and is very easy turn to any lenguaje , I so happy with this purchasecome super fast

I'll try to be as polite as I can and not swear like a pirate, but you guys really screwed me with this pone. The pone is dead! It's got something called sudden death or whatever, but the point is that you sent a pone that was not opperative at all. Pie in the sky, the battery was useless! It worked for like a day and a half and then it was dead, too.I have no idea how amazon taints its name with hacks like this who would just con people with no remorse. Thank goodness I could sell it for spare parts and could get most of my money back.I seriously warn you to stay away from this supplier because you'll just risk losing your money.

Phone stopped working no replacement or return available terrible product and seller.

I've owned a Nokia smartphone with Symbian OS before this, and there is a huge difference between that and the Samsung Galaxy S3. This is about everything i need and the best feature is the apps that it can support!

I think the phone is better than iphone 5. I enjoy everyday the amount of technology that the phone have.

It's just awesome, amazing... I don't have words to describe it.. The Best Phone ever!Just be advise that you need a micro sim card to this phone. I cut mine using a miro sim card cutter.

This is an excellent phone and I am glad I bought it.  However, I have not been able to register it for a warranty.  1) No reply at all from the seller about this, 2) Samsung US will not register it because it is not a US phone or from a local carrier, 3) Samsung US told me to track the original country of origin (from the IMEI) which turned out to be Hong Kong - Samsung Hong Kong will not let me register it because it is not tied to a local HK carrier.  So to date, my phone is not covered by the warranty, even though it should be since it was purchased legally, and heaven forbid anything should happen to it.
