
The best smart fhone in the market I got a iphone end the s3 is better.. the Google play .market is better. .

This phone is region locked. It works only in one region. And it's impossible to unlock with codes or apps. That one was my last Samsung. I read on internet that all of the Samsung S3 made after july 2013 has this region locker.

I love my new phone! Love the color, size and weight. I used to have an iPhone but I won't ever go back to it after meeting my Samsung. The quality of the photos are amazing! Love everything about it!

The phone was unlocked only for EU/EEE area not &#34;unlocked international&#34; as advertisded.Moreover the supplier Worldwide dstributors, refuses to use the IMEI # and pay the $ 10-15 the factory charges them to supply the corresponding unlock code and demands I reurrn the phone, hopefully for a full refund. Amazon shold do something about alied suppliers that advertisde unde false claims and later do not stand by what they sold !!!

This phone is good, but comparing what it can do with the capabilities of other cheaper phones, it is bit pricy.

I love this phone came wayyyy before time and in great condition (brand New) No complaints with this seller and I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a great value for their money. trust me you won't be disappointed.

SAMSUNG GALAXY S3 IS A GREAT SMARTPHONE, RECOMMENDED 100%. I THINK IS THE BEST SMARTPHONE THAT I HAD IN A LONG TIME USING SMARTPHONE'S

SIII is a superb phone! I bought it unlocked. It did create some problems in the beginning as its screen flickered for a while and disappeared altogether. The seller was not ready to take it back initially. But, then the phone started working normally when I took some help from my wireless carrier. The phone had entered somehow into emergency mode which I cleared by doing a master reset. Now the phone is working very fine. I particularly liked its navigation feature which helped me a lot in seeing a beautiful city in the US with no big hassles. I would definitely recommended it to friends.

Nice to greet him, I am writing to tell you that the product received is not the model I9300, the product is a model SGH-I747 belonging to AT & T, IT IS RELEASED FROM FACTORY as described, the product arrived faulty once you turn the phone left to play any sound, let me know how I can help because I am in Venezuela Latin America, the truth I'm not happy in this purchase

I am not an fan for iPhone so, this mobile does more than what iPhone can do and the quality is very good.

very very very !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Excellent!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I strongly recommend this seller to all who are really looking for authenticity.Very good description. U can trust the description he made of the items he sells

Great phone, I absolutely recommend it to everyone..It feels even very tiny touch and directly take action, touch pad is increbidly sensitive..

BUSQUE DURANTE ALGUN TIEMPO QUE CUMPLIERA CIERTOS REQUISITOS IDISPENSABLES PARA MI QUE ESTOY EN VENZUELA DEBIDO A LAS RESTRICCIONES DE DOLARES,UN EXELENTE PRODUCTO, EXELETE CON ENVIO DIRECTO A VENEZUELA Y HASTA LA PUERTA DE LA CASA

I'm hardly what I'd call a power phone user, but I know what I like. I'm using this phone on Straight Talk with a discontinued AT&T; sim card from Straight Talk, although if you're lucky you can still find the odd one on Amazon and eBay. I did a good amount of research about this model of the S3 before buying it, and bought it on kind of a gamble. There's a "sudden death" issue that plagues earlier models of the 16GB model phone. Apparently, the 4.1.2 update of the Android OS addresses this problem, but I've read mixed reports. I ran a check application downloadable from the Play Store called eMMC BrickBug Check. It will scan your phone's hardware and let you know if your phone contains the wonky chip responsible for the issue. Fortunately, being a brand new S3 International, my phone (the current 16GB model) does not have said chip so I'm good. Also, my phone came with Spanish as the default language, just a caveat of buying an International model of the phone.Now onto the phone itself. This thing screams. The quad core processor is very fast and almost nothing seems to slow it down. As I said, I'm not a power user, but it works very well for me. It's really thin as well, which is nice considering I have relatively small hands for a man. Even with the Commuter series OtterBox case I bought for it, it's really no wider than my first generation S2 bought for Straight Talk's service. The disadvantage with that phone is that it was locked. This is my first unlocked phone and I'm loving that I can update it at will. I won't call this a review of the phone, just call it an objective opinion, but a favourable one. I'm loving the S3 and really don't see the point of going all in with the recently released S4. If you're looking for a good upgrade for a phone that's more than 2 years old, this might be for you. But as always, do your research before dropping what is as near as makes no difference, 475 dollars. Good on Samsung for apparently fixing the issue (both hardware and software) with the sudden death issue.

l love this phone nd shipping was fast and smooth ,earlier than expected ,i bought it for a friend in Nigeria the 3g unlocked its working perfect compatible with the network . its beautiful .

I've had it for a month now and it's my first android phone. It works really fast and seamless. Practically no time loading apps.

The phone came in an original box as described, it works, no missing parts. BUT IT wasnt factory unlocked i bought the i9300 black saphire. IT CAME WITH 2 INSTALLED APPLICATIONS that were used to unlock the phone (SUPERUSER APP AND CMW) because of that the phone wont update to the latest version of android. And the worst part is that i cant return it because im from ECUADOR. I WOULDNT buy again from this seller SHOPBEST.

Easy Set-up with some notable glitches installing certificates onto the SD card.  Very pleased with Phone, Camera and Video quality.  Screen is super crisp, though does not have the brightness to compete with a strong out-door sun.

The phone battery was discharging even when l plug it to change and  l bought this phone battery $215.00 less than three weeks.holy s*** l don't like this phone

Buy it! It's factory unlocked! I'll work with any gsm carrier around the world. You can share your mobile data without paying extra with any gsm carrier!!!

this phone was said to be brand new when i eventually open the package on my trip to Trinidad I found out that it was a used phone and out of its box... i think i should be reimburse part or given a discount

Great phone. The only complaint would be that it doesn't update the firmware automatically. Had to flash new OS manually

I just love it.Very slimSo tech!Powerful, so i can't imagine how powerful Samsung S IV will be! so i'm satisfied with this one by know.

Great phone, I absolutely recommend it to everyone..It feels even very tiny touch and directly take action, touch pad is increbidly sensitive..Funciona muy bien en Venezuela con Movistar levanta 3G

excellent mobile equipment, tailored to perform many operations without the need to use other items besides the samsumg galaxy s gt 9300. I recommend

I have been using S3 for few months now. In all functional matters it is working well. I have one exception, bluethooth once connected it is keep dropping the connection suddenly. Same case with speak audio as well. It will suddenly switches to phone from speaker audio. Otherwise this is excellent smart phone.

Llego a tiempo en la entrega, buen empaque del producto para el traslado, vino completo con todos sus accesorios indicados

Absolutely no problems, it's nice to own a phone 'outright' rather than being stuck to a contract. I've had it over a month and can't suggest any negative aspects.

The phone I bought it as new, but it has the name of another user. Furthermore, the battery lasts very little and much overheating. And finally, the charger does not work properly.

Purchased to replace existing outdated phone for husband's birthday. He is very very pleased with this phone. Impressed with processing speed.

This is my third S3 I have purchased. I have one, bought my daughter one and then my mother one. We all love them. It connects very easily to my network carrier Net10 and works great. It doesn't need charged constantly and has a great large crystal clear picture on it. Love this phone!

I knew the product before buying it. I already had one myself.It was a gift for my brother.He is very happy with it.

I bought this phone and it works but i am very concerned.It came with a light pink blotch at the corner of the screen which appears to be getting bigger.I only noticed it when I was using a screen which was completely white.I tried to return it but i am told they won't accept the phone unless it is in the original packaging it came with.Whats up with that.I threw away my packaging and the warranty is useless.So much for good customer service.

I have had this phone for some months and it is indeed a great piece of technology. 5 stars! Must buy, if you can't afford the S4!

Purchased this phone about a year back. Good, solid Android phone even a year later. Guess that is the reason why Samsung is still recycling it. Only complain is battery life.

Loving it, sometimes it has me tapping things to open for instance the newpapers ......That just goes to show how much time I spend on it ....will recommend to anyone

I just ordered this cellphone on sunday and i have it on thursday already, if you want to buy a refurbished one use BREED they are fast and they give you a new samsung galaxy S3 with usb/charger cable and headphones. The cellphone is just best. I love it.

Dear sirs, this cell phone doesn't work.  I tried turning it on as soon as I got it, and nothing happened.  I tried charging it but the screen shows nothing at all.  I am pretty disappointed; it came in broken, and i am returning it.

It's definitely an upgrade from my s2, I wish it was faster when transitioning from one app to another and I don't understand why samsung removed the 1gd of ram from the 2 in the U.S. version.  Other than that I'm good.

When I bought this phone it did not work. I tried customer support and they  could not help set it up. Because it is a international phone and it will not work good with T_mobile. I am  not sure what to do with it now.

I'm from Venezuela. This phone I asked for libertyexpress and it was a nightmare. I just went to remove it after 1 month and 3 days. But the wait was worth it. I recommend the phone because it does not come with the &#34;chip cursed&#34;, and I checked with an application. Thanks to the seller! The only bad thing is that the box brought a minor hit, but that's not important, the phone works well. Thank you again!

This seller doesn't care about it's customers, I contacted them immediately after placing the order to change the shipping speed, but they wouldn't even respond to me, I even left them voice mails, NADA, no response, I needed the item to take it w/ me on a trip, so upon placing my order, I learned that my item wasn't going to arrive on a timely manner as advertised (5&#62;8 bus. days) I had placed the order on Jun. 19th, hoping it was going to get here by the 26th at the most, well it came all the way from California by truck, and didn't get here until the 28th, too late for me. I would give them a ZERO star if I could!

i like the phone its truely unlocked and meets my expectations,i recomend it for any one who want to buy

Certainly is a magnificent phone, as I expected. The phone arrived fast and works very well with Venezuelan telephony. I recommend it

I have chosen this rating because I m expecting few accessories like Screen protector etc.. at least black color flip cover case..

I totally recommend this phone, can not find complaints so far.Add my 16GB microSD with the contents of my S2 and everything in order.Excellent photographic camera, multiple shooting mode is a success.The battery lasts much longer than my old S2.The larger screen is perfect for me.Totally happy with my droid!Not a complaint

Excellent product. Im using it in Mexico and no problems at all. Recommended 100% and exceed expectations . . .

The best phone i ever had!! I just love it! I hope everyone has the same good experience i had!

This the second Galaxy S3 I have purchased from this seller. Previous phone was lost in Togo Africa! Seller is great, no problems. The only reason I am writing this is to provide info that some may not be aware of. This phone is an international version. So it is not a 4G network phone but it will accept all other network types. In a way, this a good thing as I have seen other 4G users have many problems in several African countries. I still find the network plenty fast and I use my phone to provide a wifi hotspot so I can use my laptop.The other item I would like to add is concerning battery life. Some may have noticed that thier batteries do not last too long even though they turn off Bluetooth, GPS and other features, but I think many are not aware that programs running the phone can have a dramatic affect on battery life. If hold down the home button, it will go to the screen that shows all your applications and the option to stop them. It also has clear ram feature. Do this and you likey see a huge increase in your battery life.

The cellphone wasn't unlocked when i received it, it's false that is a factory unlocked phone as i could see in the moment of purchase

I bought TWO cellphones a few weeks ago and I installed a Venezuelan GSM line it says that I need a PIN code to unlocked it... So the problem it's not the Venezuelan Line... It was supposed that the cellphone have to be unlocked for international. Also I read that some Venezuelans have no problem with this same problem, so I don't understand why this cellphone is completely blocked...

The phone arrived on time with no damage. The only problem I had was, it was set in a foreign language, and so were the instructions. I wasn't able to change it. I went to a mobile phone store, and they changed it for me. I have since downloaded a operating manual.

i sent this to venezuela for a friend and they did not have any problems using it. it works great and as expected.

Excelente equipo, excelente calidad. El soporte entre aplicaciones es genial. La duraci&oacute;n de la bater&iacute;a es bastante decente y la calidad de la pantalla es genial!

I was hoping this could be an Unlocked phone and fortunately it is! I am from Costa Rica and the Sim used is from Kolbi, so it works with international sim. Only problem is that it comes with a european charger, so I had to get one for here, and the instructions came in french as well as the Phone in default, but you can easily change the language. It works great for me! A little expensive though.

i like the phone but i really am disappointed in the incoming calls because it does not show who is calling.

I purchased this one for a friend who is a bit archaic. It's his first phone and he found it very easy to adapt to from his wheel dialer. lol

Excellent phone. It's screen broke when I dropped it from about 1m. It is really fragile. If you are a carefull person then it's your phone.

The phone was advertised as being unlocked, and I received a locked phone which can not be used with my provider. I would highly recommend that you not buy from this company if you want a phone that you can use. They also have a no return policy, so If the phone comes locked, like in my case, it can't be returned.

Dear Customers!While in US I have purchased Samsung Galaxy SIII (unlocked). When it had arrived I have noticed that there is a small space between touchscreen glass and body of the phone (about 0.5 mm) from both sides. Also plastic back cover was not closed properly. I have put small pressure from the sides of the phone and those spaces have gone. A moment after that I put my Otterbox cover on the phone and did not remove it till this month. I was mistakenly sure that the issue with the spaces was fixed, however when I removed my Otterbox case, I saw that the spaces are all the same dimesion and if I do not use any case dust comes into the phone! If I try to apply some light pressure on the sides of the phone, the spaces come off for certain time and then come back again (I can just assume that the touchscreen glass is U-bent and assembling was not conducted properly). Moreover, when I came back to Ukraine (I am not planning to come back to USA at this time) I have found out that my Galaxy S III does not have possibility to connect to Internet via cell operator service and needs to be re-firmwared. I am sure you understand that it was my intention to buy Unlocked version of the phone to avoid such problems in my homeland!I have visited numerous diagnostics servises who tried to adjust settings but without any success, also they advised me that these spaces between the glass and body of the phone are factory defects for sure. I have also visited Samsung Service center in my city who told me that the guarantee is covered for the goods purchased only in Ukraine and to change firmware will cost about $20-30 and to fix the issue with spaces - around $200-250 (change of touchscreen glass).I like my Galaxy S III but I cannot enjoy it in full because I think it is unacceptable to know that the dust can easily enter the phone without any mechanical damage done from my side and to bring such a big screen phone without access to Internet. Internet connection with T-Mobile in US was ok.After contacting My Wish-List  I was advised that there is nothing can be done in this case and I should stay with my problem alone. The only thing I was offered is a small amount which was their profit part &#8220;as a gesture&#8221; what did not solve the issue at all.Thus, guys, be aware that this seller does not provide guarantee for the supplied goods (the Guarantee voucher is also supplied without any stamp or other evidence when you bought it and you will stay with your problem what ever it is on your own.Hopefully something will be changed in near future.Yevhen Ivchenko/An Upset Customer Of The Above Seller.

Absolutely greatGot the phone on timeBeen using it for two weeksEverything is fluent and works perfectlyGood item

Brand New Item as stated. Box Label was torn, however I guess they take out the phones to unlock it. This phone was to be used as a business phone in Mexico with the Telcel Network. Uses the micro sim card.

To anyone who would think about buying this phone -- DON'T. At least not from Amazon. I purchased this about 5 months ago, and planned to use it later on. I started using it in about less than a week with T-Mobile as a carrier, and got complaints from friends that I didn't respond to their calls. I do answer the phone, but for some reason they couldn't hear me. I took it to three cell phone repair shops, and all had the same answer: the phone was defective. I wasted money on trying to get it repaired, and then this is what I get. Right now, the charging port is defective. I'm currently getting it fixed. Even though I can't use it as a phone, it can work like an iPod. The phone is the issue, and it's a main one for me. Without the phone, it's useless. Waste of money. Completely disappointed. Never buy electronics from Amazon; every time I bought an electronic from here, some kind of problem seems to exist. And there was no warranty in mine's, so I really couldn't get a replacement. :(

I bought this cellphone because the description says that is factory unlocked, but its false, the cellphone is programmed with the Bouygues Telecom from France, and its works only with the 900/2100 3g band.The seller is a lier because in the description says:NEW Factory Unlocked Original International GSM Phone, Retail Box * Works with all GSM carriers (AT&T;, T-MOBILE) * NOT Works for Sprint, Verizon, Metro PCS. * 2G Network: GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 * 3G Network: HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100.Is other product

I get the phone in the estimated time and donot now how it behaves because I am from Venezuela and not e had in my hands, I hope it was a good buy but will have to put another ranking !!

I must say that this is a great phone, that's it!!, good design, excellent display and android's apps simply are very useful most of them

Fantastc phone, even being an old device. Fast processor. Very good camera. Amazing display. Tons of good apps.  It worked perfectly when I enabled it here in Brazil.

Very good phone! it was an excellent choice... Fast and elegant.I would like to buy another one for my father

Great phone, I absolutely recommend it to everyone..It feels even very tiny touch and directly take action, touch pad is increbidly sensitive.

That's a very good phone with a fair (not cheap) price. It delivers what it promises, good performance, amazing screen and engough battery life.

Very good and easy to use. Impressive screen resolution and more comfortable to use as e-book reader than the iphone.
