
Please do not get this phone. The touch screen is AWFUL. There is an ad on the screen every time you turn it on. It is nearly impossible to text on, as the touch screen has about a half second lag.

UGH... I am only writing this for the benefit of anyone considering buying this. I am saving you a lot of anger and pain... This thing (phone, if you can even call it that) is slower than the orbit of Pluto. At least when Pluto revolves around the Sun, something is happening. I am in college...so by default, I text non-stop and this is like texting with poo (substitute with other choice words)  And God forbid the phone dies, The world will end before this starts up again. No pun intended I am writing this on 12/20/12 So if you are still alive and reading this-- TRUST ME, use your brain and heed my warning... please buy something else...

These phones are known to glitch, and the batteries never have a very long life. It is a good phone though. Takes nice pictures, and the touch screen is great when the screen is kept super clean, or else it will glitch and stick.

Great phone ! I bought  it used but once I got it was like a new phone . No scratches ! Just like they describe it .

Seller had it quickly to us. The only thing i find negative about the Pantech Hotshot phone is that it is hard to choose options and text due to the extra pressure you have to use to choose on the screens.

I choose to rate it like this because there was nothing wrong with the phone it was in great shape/but it was sold wuth a dead battery.After carefully considering which was cheaper,to buy a battery or shipping cost we my grandson and I bought the battery for$14.99, he is very happy with it.grandmother/B.R.LA

Took me a just a few seconds to get the hang of the touchscreen and so far it's easy to use..will give another review in a couple months

Excellent for the price, and when we bought it, we just went on the Verizon site and were able to hook it up no problem. As it was one of the only two phones we could find that did not require a data plan, it was perfect for our 12-yr-old.

This phone worked great for the first 3 months i had it. Now the screen freezes and sometimes will not unlock. I miss alot of calls because it freezes up and will not let me answer it. the text messaging also freezes and takes a long time to unfreeze if it even does without restarting it. Not worth the money...

It activated easily and the phone has crystal clear calls and the texting is great. Overall a great buy for under sixty dollars, and as a bonus really fast free shipping from the seller.

Does not have a full qwerty touch screen or pull out keyboard. This item was supposed to be refurbished, but it came to me with the previous users personal information, pictures, contacts, emails, etc..still on it.  Also, the speaker and/or sound did not work on this phone, so I had to return it.

nice phone, seems to be okay for the price i paid.  I've only had it a few weeks,but it works for me

Purchased this phone for my 16yr old son as replacement for his old phone He doesn't have a data plan He just uses it to talk and text that's it. Its a great phone I had no problems with it. It's been a month no issues as of now. it's not the best of phones but if you want cheap and simple this is it. The Sound is good controls a little sluggish but not too bad and the keyboard is a little small but works recommended.

I loved the phone! But it freezes a lot, but its the company's fault not the sellers. I like it and don't have any further problems!

The cases worked great! Fits on the hip perfectly and the phone fits just right.  Everything they said about the case before I ordered was true

It said that it was a used phone, but everything was like new.  It just didn't have the plastic cover on the screen.  It's been working great.  I was able to activate it with Verizon.

this was a Christmas present for my mother for incase of an emergency and since the day she started using it, it's been nothing but problems. It freezes, turns off when ever it wants, she has to take out the battery at least 3 times a day just to able to turn it back on. Worst buy ever.

This is the single worst phone I have ever had the displeasure of using. It makes me want to roll over and die. It can handle one word in a text. Sometimes, even two. Once you reach the third word, the phone acts like you just pulled a gun on it, freezing for around 5 seconds. Then, it throws a random-ass letter in, whether it has been typed or not. The equivalent of throwing its keys at me, after I've held it at gunpoint. I hit backspace, to get rid of the gibberish letter. It blacks out, deleting all of the letters in the whole text. I slap it awake, rinse (waterboard) and repeat the entire process. The only thing I have found that helps with this phone (bane of my existence) is that when it begins to freeze as you type a text, if you punch the phone with about twenty pounds of force, right in the middle of the screen, it will accept the letter. Not even joking, it seems to work. I hate this phone. SO MUCH. so much.

I recently received my hotshot and everything looked great until I tried to activate it through Verizon and Verizon would not activate it because the phone was a stolen phone that they fixed up and made look like new. Overall if your looking for a nice paperweight this would be a good choice. Please contact me if you can help because I still want one of these phones

Great buy! No problems. So far, so good. For the price it's a great phone.No data contract, great on calls and excellent texting.

i got this phone knowing alot of people didnt like it but its not such a bad phone. just dont expect it to be a smart phone

no coment

this phone is horrible. cant even change the walpapper. everything is crap about it. crap. this phone i would never recament it ever

The phone works great and couldn't tell it was ever used. Was worth every dollar spent that's for sure :)

the phone is a good starter phone, but that is it....I was expecting something a bit more advanced than it is.....at least from the description I read before purchasing said it was a great phone for social, media, games....sorry to say I don't think so....

The phone shuts off constantly, freezes frequently, is hard to navigate through, the phone is slow in general and for some reason never sends my texts.

Anyone looking for a different basic phone,this is a good choice. I didnt want a smart phone. Im not much of a phone person so this is a good one for me.

I purchased this phone as a used item and was really surprised to receive a brand new phone.  This was an excellent purchase and arrived on a timely manner.

Mine was bought from VerizonWireless.com as an upgrade for my Pantech Jest 1. Loving the Jest, I decided to get another phone from Pantech--and I'm never doing it again. I absolutely hate this phone. As another reviewer said, "it's slower than than Pluto's orbit, and at least Pluto is doing something." This is absolutely HORRIBLE! Texting is a disaster! If you text at a normal, non-97 year old person speed, then only about 12% of your letters will show up, and about 67% of that 12% will be the wrong letter. I type fast, but not like...EXTREMELY fast. It barely picks up anything I type. It's like this...*Touches Letter**Letter shows up 1/2 a second later**Touches another letter**Wrong letter shows up 2 seconds later*Then when typing normally...*Tries to type "Gtg right now, in a hurry"**Instead, "Gg rht njwn sh ry" shows up*Also, the touch screen is horrible. You have to forcefully PRESS the screen, not touch, to make it do something. Also, there is extremely limited customization. Their idea of "wallpaper" is the lock screen. (You can't change the main menu wallpaper) Battery life is horrible. Also, if you do decide to spend about $2 on data and download something like Social Beat, it doesn't truly close the app. It continues to use your data. I had to lock certain things on the phone because of this. The internal storage is crap for media and you run out of text memory a LOT faster than you should. I have to erase my messages every few days and I'm not text-crazy like most teens.OVERALL, I absolutely hate this phone and will be ordering an LG enV2 from Amazon shortly.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PHONE!

Phone worked great for about 2 weeks now I can't receive or make phone calls.  Still texts though.  Only paid 30.00 so I guess i get another one

this phone is absolutley terrible. I hate it.  it freezes up all the time, cuts off randomely restarts,and whenever you text if you hit backspace it will erase the whole text.  It comes with some apps but you cant play them long or a lot or else they will be deleted. the charge is really good for the first couple months but after that you cant even get a full day out of it.  it doesnt always ring or vibrate the volume cuts on so in the middle of church it could ring, it breaks easy and you cant find any working cases for it.  it doesnt even desere one star.  Also if you set an alarm it will go off every 5 minutes from the time it is set until you completely erase the alarm.in conclusion this is the worst phone i have ever had and its not just mine my friend had the same problems so she returned to an old phone that was barely usable yeah its that bad DO NOT GET THIS PHONE.

This phone constantly resets itsef while in internet use. The screen is very low resolution and when viewing videos on the internet plays on a tiny portion. The camera is awful and takes a few seconds to capture. When texting it often freezes up.I do not recommend this phone for anyone unless as cruel or unusual punishment.

I was very satisfied with the phone.. It was in excellent condition and I had no problem with verizon switching my broke phone with this replacement phone....

worked good for about a week was cool. i go to text on it now and it will show my text for a second freese then it will be gone very light though on the good side but thats about it in my opinion just keep looking for a different phone i would but now im stuck with a 2 year contract dont make the same mistake i did.

This is a pretty phone with an ugly soul. The user interface does not register a "keypress" if you linger a millisecond too long (for example, you press a button DELIBERATELY or EMPHATICALLY). It only registers a glancing tap. Then it takes so long to get to the next screen that I find myself tapping the button again-- at which point the phone goes to the next screen, registers a press on the "back" button (which is placed in exactly the wrong place) and jumps back to where you were. And sometimes it doesn't respond to any touch at all. Then I have to remove and replace the battery.When one is on a call, one must press the keypad button to go to the keypad for navigating phone menus. To hang up, one has to press the hide keypad, then press end. If you press the master menu button (physical button at the bottom), you have to hit the "return to call" bar that appears on the bottom of the screen to hang up a call. Is there no more elegant way?When the phone rings, you have to drag up the bar and jab "answer", which almost always fails to respond, and which is really close to the "ignore" button. I can't count how many times I've hung up on my wife this way.Every time I pull it out of my pocket, it is about to sign me on to some internet service that I didn't order and can't afford. It also infrequently pops up with random ads.Finding the PC software has been a wild goose chase. The battery has to be removed to get to the SD card-- well, maybe that's not a bad thing, but it was hard to find it...On the plus side:The phone is pretty and fits well in a pocket. I also got it at a bargain-basement price with a Verizon subscription.The voice recognition is activated by a button on the side (too close to the photo button, but not bad). Voice recognition works most of the time if there isn't too much background noise (but it has more than once interpreted "no" as "yes"). Scrolling works ok, and menu options are not bad. The packaged games are okay, but there is very limited compatibility (what IS this OS?) and you have to pay after 3-4 plays.In short, this phone makes me want to go back to phones with physical buttons.

I needed another phone to replace a damaged one & researched this one & love it.I would recommend this to anyone that is considering an easy to use phone w/touch screen as a precursor to a 'smart phone'.

first week i had this phone,it started freezing up,cant text,cant do anything.2 verizon employees told me it was a great phone..what a joke,i guess they were pushing the phone due to an overstock.

Had read some bad reviews and some good reviews about this phone.For a nondata phone, I think it is great. I dont want a data plan, and was having a hard time finding a phone that was just a phone with txting. The texting is easy, and my only complaint would be that the T9 words will choose G instead of I every time and I haven't figured out how to override it yet.The camera take OK pics. Not great, not terrible.The video is not a good quality when not viewed on the phone. On the phone its great.The call signal/clarity is great.The battery has held up WONDERFULLY.Overall - this phone is absolutely worth the price and is not causing me any issues or undue issues. Was here very fast.

We thought we were getting a new phone, however, upon examination of the box it says &#34;certified pre-owned&#34;. Not what we wanted, and to boot, the phone does not work properly. It has random acts of going blank needing to  be reset with removal of the battery.

this phone was very poorly built and the phone randomly turns off! The screen doesnt scratch easily but the side get very chipped. The touch screen is horrible and it will take a few months to get used to.. the phone is very slow and the layout of the phone is just horrible, i dont even know why verizon keeps it with all the better basic phones out there. this phone is to complicated to hav for a first phone for kids and way to fragile, but its also not good for older kids and people becuase they usually need to use ther phone frequently and it takes forever to send 1 messge, and in an emergeny it could take forever!! PLEASE DONT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!

The phone works and is in decent shape. I was hoping for the phone to work better than it does.

Purchased for my wife. Dont ring sometimes screen locked up. I want to send it back. Hope for better luck next time.

This is the worst phone in the history of worst phones! I had to work for like 6 months to earn a new phone and i chose this one! I was very excited until i realized how bad of a phone it was! here is a pros and cons list for the phone...Pros-Has a video camera and camera that works decently-it has an option to make a favorites list to quickly call/text someone-It has an option to make a shortcuts list to quickly do something example (Calculator, new note, new text message, new contact, ect...)-With headphones in the music plays pretty well-Internet connection is "fast" (depending on your idea of fast)Cons-slow-unresponsive-HORRIBLE touch screen-speakers are horrible when not using headphones-Ringtones aren't great-alarm sometimes fails to go off (This was a big problem when my brother was late to an important event!)Also: I received the phone and first 2-3 times a week it would freeze so that the only way i could "unfreeze" the phone would be to take the battery out and then put it back in. This concerned me because i could need it quickly for something, but it would freeze and i wouldn't be able to use it! So the Verizon store recommended that i call customer service and see what they had to say. So i called and they took me through at least an hour worth of button pressing and resetting and all that jazz, one week later it freezes again!! So i call again and they send me a new phone! This was exciting because i was sure that it would work and i would be much happier when this one does not freeze on me! Well it doesn't freeze (which is wonderful) but the vibration can totally broken! I checked every single setting and nothing will make the vibration work again! That was very upsetting because have your phone on vibrate is great when you are in a library or a place that requires you not to have sounds going off! So my point is, do not waist your money! even if they are like $0.97 with a 2 year service agreement, don't! It is more effort then its worth!

This was given as a Christmas gift/phone upgrade for a family member. So far so good from the sounds of it, although I did hear the battery is a little shotty. Fast shipping however! Thanks!

For being a cheap non-smartphone its ok, freezes a lot and screen response time gets long the longer you have the phone

Let's just say I don't intend to purchase a Pantech product again. Tons of glitches... definitely not something worth your time.

This phon ee is what I ordered but I don't like it the texting is bad it legs and miss spells words so easy . I'm sad I spent the $$

Bought it as a replacement phone for my son. He loves it! It has touch screen and a decent camera for a fraction of the msrp.

It is a very, very nice phone if you don't want a Smartphone, and the price was the best part,,$50,,,But I am 80% deaf, so it is not very compatible for me. I did give it to one of my closest and oldest friends, who's phone had coincidently totally died shortly after I received mine. He took it home last night,set it all up and called me on it and said he likes it very much.  AJG

Its a great phone I just wish it had a bigger led screen, but then the newer ones go into 4g and service is more expensive...I love the touch screen tho.  Service to me was right on time. Thankyou

Best phone ever!  Works like a smart phone without a data plan.  Screen takes a slightly more deliberate touch than an iPad, but it works fine once you get the hang of it.

Wanted to be able to text but didn't need an expensive data plan. Couldn't load addresses from the flash memory, battery cover broke on the first day, need a stylus to type on touch screen. I guess there isn't a market for non smart phones, this was just about the only one I could find that had a quirky keeboard.

I bought 2, for both of my boys. This is their first phone, which they choose them. They  think they are great.

So i decided I would ignore all of the negative comments and get the phone so i did. Now that was a really big mistake. The phone kept turning on and off by itself so verizon had to send me a new one. The replacement they gave me did the same damn thing. So finally Verizon gave a different phone for free because this phone has so many complaints. And the fact that it is being sold for 90.00 dollars right here is beyond crazy. It should be sold at the dollar store because this phone is a piece of crap.

Bought it for my wife. did not like it now have to buy another

I really like this phone. Verizon providers tell me that Pantech is one of their top 4 phone's to get the best service with Verizon. This phone has a couple of downs. Occasionally it will freeze if you don't restart it but once it restarts it works nice. I recommend getting a big Micro SD Card for a faster response with it on the touching aspect of it. However the sound and ringers are really loud and clear. The sound for a phone call is really crispy clear. Really nice phone to take some pics and easy uploading with a connection of a USB to a PC or Laptop.Really a good phone for HS and College Students and anyone who want to have a nice touch screen phone.
