
Honestly this phone is superb. Even though setting up for me but a lil bit difficult because i messed around and something went wrong. So i contacted tech support. They were super nice and resolved my problem in less than 5 minutes. The phone just need a remote setting refresh because as stated before after messing around with the settings i had barely any bars inside a building. But once tech support refreshed my phone remotely, i had incredible top notch reception. Camera is superb, nice call and speaker quality, nice sharp screen in my opinion, and fast data speed. For those who use the GPS "android navigation" you can actually hear the GPS notifications with windows down and wind blowing inside the car. That is deffinitely an A+ since i drive alot. How ever one thing for sure is the battery like all androids are not as great. In my results i can get about 9 hours of battery life before it reaches 25%. Thats alot of battery left, but in my opinion its the phone's way of saying "you better find an outlet for me." So the bottom line is that this phone is worth the money.

For some reason ZTE phones had always annoyed me , this phone will turn off out of nowhere its slow the internet kills your battery , will only recommend if you just text otherwise waste of money .

I love my new phone!!!  It arrived as expected and on time. I even ordered my daughter this phone and she loves it as well.

I have owned this phone for a week now.Likes: Nice big screen, fairly responsive processor. Ice cream sandwich (Android 4.0) is a good upgrade over my last Gingerbread (Android 2.3) operating system. 5MP Camera is ok but not great in low light. Very thin and light. Fits nicely in pocket. Reasonably priced at $200.Dislikes - battery life is just okay (I average about 10 hrs with light internet, phone calls and wifi use). Some apps are buggy and crash (for example songs skip while playing music. System is unresponsive at times.)  Speaker is a bit quiet and sounds poor with volume turned up full.Not sure how well ZTE will support this phone with upgrades/patches.(edit- lowered rating to 3 stars. Since the initial review I have experienced occasional crashes and slow downs. Using this phone is occasionally frustrating but there are few alternatives on Boost. Maybe LG Venice or Samsung Rush are more reliable.)

1) when you plug in headphones/headset, the ringer still rings to the external speakers.There is NO way to make the ringer ring only to headphone speakers. This is absolutely not useful in a quiet office setting such as the one I work in all day.2) does not use or have flash, will not install flash. any and all apps that use flash will NOT play on this phone.I use my phone 90% of the time to listen to music on headphones at work and to take or make the occasional phone call. Therefore, this will NOT work for me at all.

If you had the 1st zte warp..then you will know what i mean by better. In every way..look, speed "FREEZE" then reboot etc. etc. Just all the way around improvement from the original. Trust me!..update! after only a month the phone started to act up on all levels when playing music & videos etc. call customer service & the same exact answer with the 1st warp..sorry zte , gave 2nd chance & got screwed....again.

I've had mine now for just over a week and I can say its the best smartphone I've ever owned.  It's on Boost mobile's nationwide Sprint 3G network, and its service is much better than my previous carrier, Virgin Mobile, and 411 is included as well!  I've had no problems with it, and it's performed great!  I highly recommend this phone for anyone in the market for a no-contract 'smart' phone.

I bought this phone about 5 months ago.  It was ok for awhile but got very hot when charging.  About three weeks ago it died when I put it on the charger and went into a continuous boot cycle.I contacted ZTE and they told me I needed to go to my carrier for warranty work.  I did that and was told to go to ZTE.  So I went back to them and went through an hour long interrogation about Mars, particulate physics, the meaning of life and if I had ever birthed a foreign species.  Finally they took my email addy and agreed to send me instruction about how to obtain an RMA.  The whole time I kept telling them that all I needed was a battery.  This set off a dialogue about physics, the big bang and how the hell did I know that a battery needed replacing.Eventually I was sent an email asking me to explain the problem.  Why did I spend two hours on the phone wading through 40 layers of phone push 1 for spanish if I have to do it again?  Bottom line, I have no RMA and they are still stalling me.ZTE is awful.  Don't buy from them under any circumstances unless you just like to have the Budweiser wagon roll over your dead lifeless bodies.  ZTE won't care, they got your hard earned dollars for an overpriced, underpowered crappy phone that doesn't work.After all this I bought a battery off Amazon for 5 bucks that works great.  ZTE sucks.

My phone came in with a lot of scratchesand dents not really worth the money and the camara was broken

if i could give it a 0 i would.. Aweful servuce when i contacted about the phone..  This phone was not the condition as described.. not to mention itbdiscpnnects from the data closes out the browers everytgong stops working..  have had to remove this battery more times than i can count.

The perfect description of the phone I love it. Works as great as a phone can work even gaming into Candy crush. lol

Great phone for the low cost. Does exactly what I need it to do.

I havent had this phone for not even a year. It freezes, drops signal constantly, extremely slow, and does not stay charged longer than an hour.

The zte warp is the worst phone ive ever owned. The screen glutches wen you charge it, it turns off by itself. You can watch netflix on it which is the most ridiculous thing ive ever heard of. My opinion, dont but it. Its a waste of money an will only make you mad!!

Great phone whole family has one four member in my house hold love it Thanx boost mobile again ever thing in a ph

This is a really good phone, I had the original ZTE Warp and didn't really like it too much but this new warp is the very best, I have not had not one problem with the phone freezing actually with this phone you can do a video and take pictures while making the videos,the color is amazing and very bright and clear I would recommend this phone to anyone wanting a smartphone at a reasonable price.

i got this phone yesterday at my local boostmobile store. let me tell you if you are going to do more than text...take a charger with it. this is a vampire for sucking the life of a battery i had the battery at 100% i unpluged it from the wall, talked to my girl for about 5 mins and my battery level went from 100% to 89% in those 5 min. if u are planning on playing games on it like most of us do now a days, dont play it without a charger near you. oh and it doesnt play hd games, it froze on me when i tried playing shine runner, madden force closed so did spiderman hd nba jam worked on my old zte warp and this one couldnt handle nba jam either. it closed on me too. its an okay phone for taking and texting and videos but thats bout it. my old zte warp had better 3g speeds than this one. i hope to sell it by the end of this coming month.

It dies on me batterry not good cant hear right gets hot it was working fine for awile but stared messing up would like to know if  i can get an exchange

Pretty good I had the  first Zte phone this one here has a camera in front that's what  really makes &#65279;the phone.

I've had this phone for a year, and its one of the worst phones I've ever owned. About five months into owning this defective POS, it began spontaneously shutting off and rebooting and would complete this sequence five to six times in a row. It would also often do the same thing when I would plug it into the charger. Additionally, one day I found that the &#34;call reboost&#34; pre-programmed number was suddenly present in my contacts 100 times, literally. Moreover, I cannot even begin to count the number of times someone has called me and the phone never even rang or notified me of a missed call,  ever though my service was great. After continually dealing with these defects for a year., the last straw was when I turned the phone off to charge and when I turned it back on, I had 30 text message that were sent from the previous day which I had never received. Save yourself money and grief, and do not buy this phone!

You get a lot for the price. Ive had this phone for so eight months and its given me no problems. Two friends also own this and they like it pretty well also.

Scam!!! it was not the phone I ordered . It is not the phone in the picture or description .

The ZTE Warp Sequent is very, very capable cell phone. I am coming from the Transform Ultra. I wanted to upgrade to a larger screen, so my review comes from the perspective of a person that uses his cell phone primarily to watch Netflix, Reddit, read the news etc. Though the Galaxy SII has the largest screen out of the Boost lineup, it is a full 170 bucks more expensive than the Sequent. I am on Boost because it is a cheap service. Buying a very expensive phone would kind of negate the entire reason I am on Boost. OK, enough of that. Here are the Pros and Cons as I see them.Pros: Very large, bright screen. Good pixel density, so movies and apps look great. Runs Ice Cream Sandwich. Not the latest incarnation (Jellybean) but still a massive leap over Gingerbread IMO. The phone isn't blazing fast, but it hasn't had a problem with most of the apps I use (again, Netflix, BBCnews, Reddit, Broken Sword, and Nova Launcher). The phone is thin, sleek, and has a very nice design.Cons: As others have said, the battery life leaves much to be desired. HOWEVER, I downloaded JuiceDefender (the basic is free on android marketplace) and that did wonders for my battery life. The phone is 1.4 GHz snapdragon processor. It is NOT a speed demon. If you use your phone for processor heavy apps, then maybe you should consider the Galaxy SII.Conclusion: A great, capable phone at a very good price. I'd be lying if I said it didn't have its faults, but at $200 it is still the best in terms of quality/price that boost has.

I really love this phone. I had this phone for 2 months now. I love how big the phone is and how fast it goes. My WiFi was cutting on by itself so I went to setting,moremobile ,network,connections,optimizer and then uncheck the box. Everybody is upset with the battery. K this is wat I do when I am not using my internet. I cut it of by going to setting,more,mobile networks,uncheck data enabled and it will save or battery.I love that u can do anything on this phone it has 4gb built in on it I have over 15 apps on my phone and still have much more memory.WARNING u can not download oovoo, or Skype----- and if u do download Skype u can not video chat :-( . For or battery to last longer download a app called juice defende. The one thank I did not like about this phone is that it kicks me off the internet after. By i had a virus on my phone PLEASE DOWNLOAD A ANTIVIRUS APP SO U DONT HAVE THIS PROBLEM. if u have any questions at all please feel free to ask

The only thing that I like about this phone is the screen size. I bought two of these phones and we had major problems from week one. When I tried to get a refund I got the run around from Boost and ZTE. This phone is hands down the worst cell phone that I have ever owned and will never buy another product from ZTE. Their customer service is horrendous as par to the poor quality of the phones that I purchased. This phone should be given to the enemy so that we can disrupt the lines of communication other than that this phone is pure worthless garbage! Their return and repair practice and policy is the saddest that I have encountered in 20 years. I rate it a quarter star.

cosmedically the phone beautiful but the phone had a bad lag. i must admit that mark did everything to reslove the problem and make sure there was a quick turn around with getting the product price refunded.

I've been wanting a smart phone for along time and finally received the ZTE warp as a gift. It is so fun playing games and checking out all the new things to be done. Nice having the internet at your access. It meets all my expectations and more, I was not disappointed.

I've had the ZTE Warp Sequent through Boost Mobile for about five months. It's broken irreparably twice.The phone has generally performed very well. I've installed and run a variety of apps, all with very reasonable performance. There's plenty of storage for software and data, and the Warp Sequent has been very responsive. I don't stream a lot of video or run any computation-intensive apps, so I can't speak to high-end performance, but for everyday talking, texting, and surfing, the Warp Sequent gets the job done.Call quality and WiFi connectivity have both been very stable. The battery lasts about a day with an average amount of usage. I've never had to charge it except overnight.On the other hand, when the Warp Sequent fails, it fails spectacularly. Mine lasted only 34 days before it began shutting down constantly -- and I do mean "constantly". Even dialing half of a number on the newly-restarted phone was enough to make it restart again. I had to send the device back to ZTE for repair.Here, ZTE makes clear why this phone is cheaper than its competitors. Getting a replacement took about 2.5 weeks, end to end, including time for several phone and e-mail exchanges with ZTE. The customer must also pay the shipping cost to get the phone to their repair center (though ZTE pays for the return trip).That's a long time without a phone. Boost Mobile will send a loaner phone if you call to request one, but even that takes several days to arrive, and then it's the cheapest flip phone available.I've been entirely pleased with the Warp Sequent's performance, features, usability, and stability while it was working. But now that it's broken for a second time, I will be purchasing something from a different manufacturer to replace it.

the phone was alright till it updated then it started freezing and then the screen would go black and shut off. i bought this phone in may 2013 its now august 2013. phones only about 3 months old. and its already giving me issues. i have to send it in to get fixed if the problem is even fixable. i would not recommend it. everything worked fine on it. the battery was good for the most part i spend a lot of time on my phone so the battery ran out quick.

In all the years that I've had a cell phone, this is the one that I am totally happy with everything about it!!!! I don't get dropped calls, the battery lasts at least 2 days before charging - unless I use some apps then it needs recharging sooner. I would recommend this phone to anyone!

This ZTE Warp Sequent, Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich equipped is my first smart phone. Has anyone else had their screen blink on and off , in about one second intervals, while plugged into a wall charger? Love this phone, by the way!UPDATE!!!MY ZTE IS WORKING GREAT! I HAVE SO MANY DIFFERENT CHARGERS AND PHONES, THAT I JUST USED A CHARGER I HAD PREVIOUSLY PLUGGED IN ALREADY. THE PHONE WASN'T RECEIVING ENOUGH OF A "charge", SO MAKE SURE TO USE FACTORY POWER USB and/or PLUG!Sincerely, Kooznak

The battery life sucks I fully charge the phone and I won't use it at all for 3 hours and I will be down to 30% battery life they need to figure something out for that I bought a replacement battery and it did the same thing and there r no running apps going on the phone when this happens if I make a phone call for 10 mins the phone is completely dead

Thank you. The phone was everything that was describrd online. thanks. Even better than the one (same zte warp) i just bought 2 months ago. the last one had a busted speaker that wasn't mentioned. I am very happy.

Great phone for prepaid, 1.4 ghz single core 768mb of ram a 1.3mp front facing camera and and 5mp back facing camera. The phone runs well and Boost has released that it will be getting the upgrade to 4.1.2 Jellybean in july so thats even more fun. the phone might lag a few here and there but overall its good. Works even better if you root it and install a rom but only if you know what your doing. Anyway great phone i love it.

This phone is like a bad girlfriend. The first three months were unassuming and lovely. Everything worked and I was super pleased with the "service." Suddenly the phone started shutting off for no reason. I had no idea what I was doing wrong. Little by little, apps started freezing on me and getting deleted without my knowledge. At this point, it shuts off at least once a day. If the battery is at less than half, it'll restart repeatedly until I remove the battery and leave it off for a minute. Sometimes it works. I hate this phone.

Great phone for the price. Screen is bright, clear and responsive. It has a lot of features as a more expensive phone. Cons: The phone will freeze during reboot with the bright screen on like in my purse, this causes the phone to get hot, to turn it off you have to pop the battery- difficult to open. This happens several times a month even if you power your phone off occasionally. Phone turns off by itself in the middle of doing something every few months. The mic for the phone is on the bottom edge, tiny pin-hole hard for people to hear/understand you (I'm going to try bluetooth mic headset.) The camera does have a flash, picture quality good except zoom is grainy. You touch the screen to focus and the phone makes a loud beep, I can't figure out how to lower this beep or mute it so everyone knows when you are taking a picture! Any suggestions?

Because use sold me a stole phone and messed up my mother's plan she had with boost mobile and she been with them for years

WARNING !!!THESE ZTE PHONES ARE NO GOOD, I bought 2, a zte warp and a zte sequent, the warp in December and the sequent in January and they both stop working , the screens just went black and both phones just crashed, DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY, I did call the zte company and they sent me 2 refurbished phones,

It's okay. I have had if for over a year and it's still works fine for the most part. Once in a while, it will freez up and restart itself. Sometimes you may even have to remove the battery.

It took me awhile to even want to upgrade to these touch phones, but seeing all they can do and how easy to use this phone is I just had to have one. I'm enjoying getting to play and explore all the features of this phone so far so good.

I chipped out 200 bucks for this phone because it is the second strongest phone on the Boost market.  I have read some reviews and everyone seems to like it.  But I must have either gotten a really broken one or everyone is delusional.  Here is why I say that.*  The 1.4ghz processor is really laggy.  It could not even handle Stumbleupon*  For reasons unknown it will not sign on to wifi that it should normally sign on to.  Even ignores your request to sign on.*  Facebook closes constantly (after I reset the phone the 2nd time)*  It used to let me save Apps to my SD, but not anymore.  It pretends it doesn't even understand what that means.*  Live Wallpapers make the lag even worse*  Screen locks up for no reason or when it has to load something*  Has no official contacts app, but uses Gmail*  Cannot send mass text messages (more than 2 people and it freezes)* Spotify does not work on this appNow I believe that some of the issues were because of a defective phone, but I also believe that ZTE is skimping on high quality parts and processors.  Even after I reset the phone, it actually got worse (and I learned that Google is selective about saving your contacts).  This phone has been a nightmare and I do not have the reciept.So be safe and do not take any chances.  Get the Samsung Galaxy S II.

I love this phone, my previous juno boost mobile phone lasted so long, but I longed for a smartphone.  After careful research I was torn between this and the Evo.  The price is right, works great and the battery life is good as long as your not playing games for a good while.  Thats all good though its an HD screen and for what it does that battery works hard.  I highly recommend this phone if your looking for a good smartphone at a good price and a good android plan.

I own this phone. The storage in it is small, only 500 MB vs. the average of 1 GB when it came out. Also the phone force closes apps quite often. The best thing is when it randomly reboots itself while running apps, or just doing nothing at all. Want the latest version of Android? Good luck with that! There has never been even the slightest effort to upgrade the OS. Your best bet is to try and root the phone.To sum it all up I would stay away from this phone. Save your money a bit longer and get something that isn't made by China's ZTE.

Haven't had any problems with this phone. Nice and sleek. Clean interface. I use my phone mainly for videos and web. And the videos are very crisp. And the chrome internet is just like it is on a computer. I love this phone for the price. But i dont download a whole lot so that may be the issue a lot of people have. And also shutting your phone off while it charges may help keep your phone fresh.

Omg i love this phone it works great i had it for a few months until it got stolen but besides that its a wonderful phone But the Con About it that watching videos take forever to load :/ But feature Wise Excellent !

I've had this phone for apx 3 weeks and so far I love it.  I haven't had a single problem with it.  The camera takes very nice pics.  It runs fast on webpages.  Has good reception.  Great price.  I would recommend this phone to my friends and family.  The battery doesn't last very long but I've had this same problem with 2 other androids I've had in the past.  In my opinion, it's a great phone. I also love the Boost Mobile reducing price plan.  I'm now paying $45 a month for unlimited everything.  Nice!!

I got this last year for my b day should have got the s2 like i said .The phone isent horrible but could be much betterCons turns off by its selfRestartsYou tube or browser crashes sometimesCracks super easyPoor battery lifeProsSuper fast on wifiThe look (its a good looking phone)Decent pictures fantastic if u download cymera

I have been a Boost customer for about 2 years and was paying $35 per month. Now with the Android phone I will be paying $40 a month for unlimited everything. Boost has been a great prepaid service. I have never had any issues with Boost service except when I went to the Outerbanks of North Carolina. I had no service. It was time to upgrade my phone and after considering the LG Marquee and the new Samsung Galaxy I went with the ZTE Warp Sequent and ordered it from Amazon the first day that it was availble from Boost. It is my first Android phone, and I am very happy with my purchase. I was able to get the phone up and running in less than 15 minutes by using Boost online. It took me an evening to get the phone figured out. I was able to find the complete manual online after doing an internet search so that helped with the set up as well. The screen quality is great. It is large and clear, better than my Ipod Touch. The phone is larger than an Iphone but thinner. The loading times are better than I expected but at times can be slow depending on my location. The sound quality is great too. It is easy to use. Yes, the battery life isn't that great. Now I get why my husband is always plugging in his Samsung Android but that is to be expected with phones that are mini computers. I solved that problem by purchasing a car charger and extra charger to keep at my job. Both items together cost about $5 here on Amazon. So far I only have to charge the Sequent once in the evening and turn the phone off at night. Overall, I think this is a great addition to Boost and a great Android phone. I mainly use it for calling, texting, photos, and internet.

ok so i just received this phone this morning, i gave it four stars because when i first ran youtube on this it kind of buffered for awhile(havent activated it yet just running on my wifi) and the angry birds app was being unresponsive but after i turned it off an back on it was working well soo i was like uhh ok..? may just be because it was still starting up slowly or something but it seems to be a pretty good so far hopefully its nothing like its little brother the original warp lol.. the camera is very good in my opinion it doesnt lag or anything.. the ringtones are very loud..the youtube videos however are not :/ the con about this that ive noticed so far is the battery life so ill have to order a better one sometime in the near future but def. go with this if your looking for a new boost mobile phone. LET ME KNOW IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS :)  oh and also the screen quality is very nice and also the loading time in the google play store is very fast.OK IM UPDATING THIS REVIEW BECAUSE I HAVE HAD THIS PHONE FOR AWHILE NOW SO HERES SOME THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW BEFORE CONSIDERING BUYING THIS PHONE...YOUTUBE VIDEOS TAKE AWHILE TOO LOAD AND THEY LAG AND SOMETIMES ARE OFF SYNC, IN OTHER WORDS THE VIDEO PLAYBACK ISNT THE GREATEST. I HAVE NOTICED IT LAG QUITE A BIT NOW BUT ITS BEARABLE.WHENEVER I MAKE VOICE CALLS THE CALLS DROP WITHING 20 SECONDS IM ON THE SECOND ONE ALREADY SO WITH ALL THIS BEING SAID IM SELLING THE PHONE, I PURCHASED THE GALAXY RUSH I KNOW I KNOW THE SCREEN IS ALOT SMALLER BUT I GOT IT ON SALE AT RADIOSHACK FOR 69.99 ON BLACK FRIDAY AND ITS WORKING PRETTY WELL. SO MY ADVICE IS LOOK INTO THE OTHER PHONES BEFORE DECIDING TO PICK THIS ONE UP BECAUSE IVE HAD TROUBLE WITH IT.MY RATING NOW AFTER A COUPLE OF MONTHS FOR THIS PHONE IS A SOLID 3. IF ALL YOU WANT IS A PHONE WITH A BIG SCREEN TO PLAY GAMES WELL THIS MAYBE THE PHONE FOR YOU.. BUT KEEP IN MIND THAT IT DOES LAG AND FREEZE.

Ordered this phone twice - from two different sellers.  Both times, upon trying to activate, was told &#34;This is not a Boost phone&#34;.  Even though the box said Boost right on it, could not activate.  And, the second phone did not appear brand new, the screen flickered like it was going to die.  Did not try to order again.

Not a bad phone at all.  Has vanilla Android, Ice Cream Sandwich.  Fairly responsive.  Bought for my wife to replace her blackberry and she has been very pleased.  Has been in use for about 8 months.  I would buy it again.
