
Bought this phone (phone itself is great) yet I don't live in USA and wanted to have this as a travel phone for when I do travel to the states.  Went to activate as pay as you go and now the customer service rep tells me that pay as you go is not available and that there are no refunds for the phone nor my credit balance.  Will never recommend Boost.

My first blackberry,  I'm enjoying the many functions however (downside). I do wish this blackberry screen were larger (upside)  great mobile versatile!!

I love my new cell phone. It took me a little while to figure some things out but ok now.

THIS REALLY IS A VERY NICE PHONE.  IT DID EVERYTHING I NEEDED IT TO DO.  LOVED THE SHAPE AND THE COST. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYONE.

I bought this after deciding I wanted a smartphone again... I mean... I like myBrand New Sidekick LX 2009 SHARP PV300 GSM Unlocked - T-Mobile Retail Box (Carbon Black). This phone does not have internet capabilities., but I feel I need more from my phone... Not much more, just a little more.I needed a phone that was reliable, had a battery that didn't drain in 12 hours even just sitting in my pocket, was physically small(literally, who wants a brick in their pocket?) and had a nice physical keyboard.This is a great phone for those who just need a smartphone that excels in messaging and social media, especially Twitter. Yeah, it's not the biggest screen(2.44 inches) or the fastest processor(806MHz), but you're not going to find a smartphone nicer than this at this price.The music player is great. You can use the volume and mute keys to pause and skip tracks. No more having to whip your phoneout.*9/9/12- There is a glitch where the bass drops out when you unplug and replug your headphones. Pausing before unplugging prevents this issue.  It doesn't affect the speakerphone.The camera is fast as hell... press the right convenience key and you can have a photo in 4 seconds.The battery will easily last you a day. It's 1450 mAh, so you don't have to worry about it running out at a critical moment. Mine easily lasts two days.If you do buy this phone, there is only one app I recommend you download, and that's Advance OS and LED. It's free(as of now), and allows you to customize lots of aspects about your new Berry, such as the LED notification for each app, or even each person who calls, multicolored LEDs, flashlight, screenshots, device reset, quick launch, and changing wallpapers(I have mine set up so that every time the screen goes off, the wallpaper changes.). I will forewarn you about battery drainage issues. If you have a long, multicolored LED, and lots of them going off at the same time, expect a sharp drop in battery life.Overall this is a great device. I haven't activated mine yet, but I will come back and update with call quality, texting, and BBM when I do. If you're looking for LOTS of apps(Appworld has some, but it's not as big as the Play Store or iTunes), go pick up an Android or an iPhone device. I've already been down that road. I don't miss it.9/9/12- I must add: a lot of apps that use data service will only work over BIS, meaning they work AFTER you activate the phone.So far, I have tried:*Google Talk*WindowsLive Messenger*Yahoo! Messenger*WhatsApp*Google Maps*Google Voice(can't make calls)Twitter works fine over Wi-Fi. So does Hookt. While Facebook is preinstalled on the phone, I deleted it(I don't have a Facebook, hence, no need for the app) and can't attest to it working over Wi-Fi.IDK if the mentioned apps will work with Wi-Fi AFTER activation, but, I'll keep you posted.9/29/12 I activated my phone today. I ported from GoPhone after a quick call to Customer Service(You'll need the account number of the number you want to port.) Call quality is fine, speakerphone is great. Texts and emails are speedy to send and receive. Web could be a bit faster, but nothing to make you want to cry.10/4/12 I'm not sure if it's fault of the network or the phone, but every once in a while, I'll lose all signal and I have to wait to re-register on 1X, then 3G and BIS.

I have never ever had a blackberry. This phone makes me get crackberry fever! I didn't buy off amazon, but this is a killer phone. Everything is super fast. Facebook and my email are super easy to setup and access. The web browser is easy to navigate through. And it comes with slacker radio which is the bees kness for all the music you can handle! Love love love!

this phone and the plan rock !!!! Just love it!!!! so easy to use and great service ...the reception is the best

i like the phone excellent camera everything works fine would recommend all family n friends to order from here also

Its a decent phone I've only had it a fe weeks so Im still learning the phone but so far its ok

I have previous experience with BB phones so there was no hesitation to give this on a try. I am pleased to say it more than met my expectations. Easy to operate and setup was a breeze. Wish the back was more secure pops of easily if dropped. That will be remedied with a rubberized cover. Battery life seems to be okay so far it has only been a couple of days so the jury is still out.Overall great phone and would recommend it.

Great phone, especially for price, I basically use it for texting and calling and you don't need to subscribe to a data plan on Boost, even though its a smart phone, so  you can use it on wi if and not pay extra for data.........

I loved it because its good response to my needs. It had all what I was expecting for that price.

I bought this phone last month and it has really impressed me. I got tired of the Android/iphone app frenzy and decided to go prepaid after my contract finally ended with Verizon. I really love the BlackBerry keyboard, especially on the Curve. I think they have perfected the physical keyboard. I actually never wanted to lose the physical keyboard and as convenient as touchscreen keyboards are, they always seemed to crash at annoying times and make me use the terrible stock keyboard. This one works great, even with gargantuan thumbs like mine.For those that need a million apps to get you through the day, you might want to stick with your Android. The sheer volume of apps for Android is amazing, so it can seem a bit lacking when you first explore the BlackBerry App World. I have found, however, that they have basically everything I could need. One of the reasons for letting go of the Android was because I wanted to get back to a simpler phone. Consequently, I have downloaded far fewer apps for the BlackBerry, but my productivity has gone up.The email system on the BlackBerry is FAR superior to what the Android/iphone has to offer. All of my emails push immediately from both accounts (Yahoo and Gmail) and the navigation through the messages is simple. I have had a MUCH easier time keeping up with my email accounts with this phone than any of my previous smartphones.Alot of people rave about the BlackBerry Messenger. I haven't really gotten into it. I generally text and use Twitter for my e-conversing, but the Messenger seems to work fine. The Twitter apps are fine. UberSocial and Tweetcaster, which I feel are the best two twitter applications for smart phones, are both available in the AppWorld.The web browser works fine. It doesn't seem to have any problems. You can open multiple windows and the stacking interface looks pretty much like the Android Browser.The GPS works fantastic. It is superior to the terrible iphone GPS navigation and is on par with the voice-guided Android Navigator (which is the best money can buy, honestly). Anyway, it works perfectly. The voice navigator worked fine, and was basically as good as the Android voice navigator for full hands-free attention on the road.The battery life is spectacular. It is even better than the iphone battery. I get twice as long on this phone as I did on my Extended Life battery with my HTC Incredible. Android batteries suck. That is one thing I will not miss.The music player is loud and clear.The camera is lacking. My last one was 8MP and this one is a lowly 3.2, so it works for basic photos, but nothing Instagram quality. Oh, and there is no Instagram app for Blackberry. That is one of the few I miss.The phone itself is gorgeous. It just looks like a business phone, and that is pretty much what I wanted. It does everything I hoped it would, and if BlackBerry keeps releasing fine products like this, they've pretty much won me over for life.I would definitely say that I got more quality for my buck with this than any of the phones I have used prior. I would definitely recommend it, especially if you are looking to be more productive.

it is extremely slow and freezes a lot.I previous used a lesser bberry but thought upgrading to this one will be better but im wrong.Im thinking of switching to andriod phone

Such a great phone, reasonable price, and a great gift. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone. Great service too.

Got this for my wife for Mother's Day. She does not like the touchscreen smart phones. She loves this one because it has a standard Qwerty keyboard on it and it is easy to navigate. Not to mention that being on Boost Mobile Shrinkage plan, does not hurt either :-)

Love it, worked as described, I connected it to boost mobile. Love blackberrys but this one was especially cool. yup.

Por favor solicito factura comercial de la compra para poder procesar la misma, me la pide el buzon de envios, gracias

es muy bonito muy econ&oacute;mico  0424  192 29 13  @castel234  2a040882  son mis contactos para sabr si se hisi efectiva la compra

best price for the value and basic services with the plan without any contract headaches.  reception on long island ny is poor but i rarely use the phone to begin with. i prefer the buttons to touchscreen (guys stubby fingers).  worth the fifty bucks.

Perfect phone for my teenage son after having damaging three android phones. Just what he needed, fast shipping and as described. Activated thru boostmobile.com without any problems. Thank you.

I really want to like this phone -Blackberry has a pretty good phone reputation, but 3 weeks with this phone has left me underwhelmed.  I'm not interested in having an iPhone and I'm not an Android fan, so I thought this would be a good option for me.  With that said, I'm used to an HTC Windows Phone that I only stopped using due to service provider issues.  I'm used to having an awesome phone that's basically a mini-computer. Even though I'm used to my high performance WP, this Blackberry Curve *should* meet my needs in theory, but it's not looking so good at this point.Positives:It's a smartphone, so you've got email access, social media access, web, etc.It's got a pretty good camera.  I've been able to get some great shots of my fast-moving toddler with no blurring!It's pretty user friendly and setup is painless.Lots of good "accessory" apps like memo pad, voice dialing, lists, etc. that come installed.Negatives:It freezes up frequently.  I don't have tons of apps on this thing (3 to be exact) and I haven't had it a month yet, but it freezes to the point of needing to remove the battery at least once every two or three days.  I haven't had this thing long enough to be dealing with this!It takes a long time to reboot, which wouldn't be a huge issue if I didn't have to deal with the freezing issue, but I've had it take as long as 10 minutes.  What's up with that?The camera may be good, but the storage capacity isn't.  I've never had more than 15 pictures on here at one time without it telling me to use an SD card.  That's fine, but 15 unedited pictures on a device like this shouldn't be a problem, especially when I look and have tons of available storage. Even after deleting down to 7 pictures, it tells me that I have only enough memory for 1 more photo and that I'll need to delete more or insert the SD card.  That's ridiculous.If you're used to doing certain types of reading by phone, this isn't the phone for you.  For example, I use a Bible app to keep up with my daily reading.  The screen is so small that it's hard reading longer verses.  If a verse (or any type of sentence) takes up 4 or 5 lines, it's hard to read the whole sentence.  I scroll down to read the next line and it goes too far, I go back up to find it and it's back at the beginning of that verse.  It's really difficult to get back to the spot I'm looking for and sometimes I can't get to it at all.I'm also not impressed with the Blackberry App World, but that's not really a phone issue unless you're really into different apps.It's kind of cheap-looking and feeling.  I'm not a phone diva, but it honestly doesn't even feel like a $130 phone when I'm holding it (what I paid for it new in the box).So, in summary, it does the job - or some of the jobs (for now), but it comes with several nuisances that I'm just not used to having.

I bought this phone because I'm a big fan of the Blackberry OS and this phone surpassed my expectations. Lightweight, durable, and fast, its exactly what I wanted and I'm completely content.

It was a great product but I chose to stay with my current carrier so I returned the phone. It was a great price and would have loved to keep it.

it does have good receptions in different areas that you go to and having trouble talking to other when I get a call and I don't think I will purchase another blackberry phone again.

I'm pretty much happy with my Blackberry...I mean sure it's not your Samsuge Galaxy 3...however, it's a pretty good buy and easy on the wallet.

I bought this phone in April and after about 3 months and half it just went blank. The key pads stopped working and the screen alos went black. All efforts to even repair it at a local store proved abortive, It was truly disappointing considering the fact that i only had it for a short time, Prior to the malfunction of the phone. It never dropped , fell into water or anything of the sort. Besides that, i noticed that many apps which i had on my previous blackberry like the rebtel app and good voice were not downloadale for this device and i really regret invested my $60 in buying this phone

wow after many years of good service with Sprint in NJ and FL, I move to Long Island and barely get a signal.  Ok, so Sprint sends me a signal booster for my house but i still had signal issues. I cancel service with both my phones and buy a quick in between phone *(Boost Mobile) Yikes didn't realize they work off the same towers as Sprint, so it wen back immefdiately. then on to at&t, well, that was just like having Sprint but I was able to get the touch screen blackberry for a penny, and that is what I recieved in terms of service.  I called and asked it was normal for me to have 1 bar of signal they offered me a $199.00 signal booster for my home and I told them forget it! I received the same one from Sprint for free. Well,  on my 23rd day of service and now my 6th dropped call in the house.  i SHIPPED IT BACK TO AMAZON, WHICH THEY PAID FOR and purchased another blackberry curve and signed up with Verizon, and wouldn't you know 3G network but all 5 bars...  They are expensive but its a price I'm willing to pay for phone call with no interruptions..  :)

I Love my blackberry .It is so easy to use.It is great at Blackberry.com you can get any and everything you need for your phone..

BBery introduced a new era it is okay however, the screen is too small. The  device is fine however we are used to a larger monitor. That is it.Although I was happy in the beginning, now I am a little bit disillusioned. The style is great and slick however the reception is Poor.I can hear a echo. The navigation is kinda of difficult and the processor is slow. Bottom line is a ok phone however I would not spend money on this.

the apps you get for you tube only last 1 hour and then says your time is up time to pay what a joke the service isn't super fast in some areas.and for 2 if you want apps download and install.the blackberry world app to do so.do not use the blackberry world on the bookmarks.that came on the phone and next when on facebook.in order to send a picture or delte or a lot of functions you gotta.switch over to mobile also you tube will not work and boost says they can't help but I have read many many links and this works take out the battery for 4 mins don't turn the phone off.while doing this and clear your cookies and history and catche.by going to bookmarks and and pressing the.button on top of the phone with the 7 dots.it really is a good phone I've seen phones that can do way less for more money.like the mirro or incognito for boost mobile.I have had both trust me grab this one.its cheaper brand new from amazon.

I love Blackberry but this phone wasn't the greatest. the buttons were loose and the screen just didn't have the same clarity as my old BB.

Well I received it fast as heck and I loved it 60 bucks a mont gets you it all fast as heck and easy to handle I recommend a case only cause boost has s***ty insuarnce (shocker) but yeh buy it yo :D

This phone literally does everything.It lasts you 12 hours with constant use, its got all the apps you need,it has one of the best mp3 players next to iPod.its just an amazing phone.for the price there basically giving it away.you should buy this phone immediately with no hesitation because this is one of the best investments you will make all year.I also suggest you buy a leather case with this phone so you can keep your investment looking new.

poorer than poor customer service from blackberry. Tried two and neither wore workable phones for me or tech support. waste about 8 hours trying too.

I read the reviews before I bought this phone. I had a flip phone that was over 10 years old and wanted to transition to an Android type phone next but thought this would be a good stepping stone to get there since I am an older dog who wants to be taught the new tricks gradually:)  I love the Blackberry's keyboard and I love the ease of the mouse etc and the only thing I don't like is the battery doesn't last long but I knew this from reading all the other reviews on Amazon so I was already prepared for that and other than the battery, I have no complaints about this phone!

One very satisfied customer had this to say about the Blackberry Curve 9310:WowSuch phoneVery buttonsMuch featuresSo convenientWow.

If you are looking for a good solid basic phone with good extra features, then this is the phone for you.  Texting is good with the qwerty board and the tracking pad is easy to use.  The calls are nice and clear.  I love getting my e-mails on the phone which it does very quickly.Now, it doesn't have a lot of memory so be prepared to buy a card for that which I did because I wanted to download music to my phone.  I love the music player on this phone.  I'm always listening to it when I can.  I also bought a aux cable to connect my phone to my car stereo to listen to all my songs. When you are listening to music and a call comes through, it temporarily pauses music until call is taken care of so you don't miss calls.  The music sounds great!  I also downloaded the app Pandora which I listen to at home a lot.I love the calendar/date planner.  You can set it to give you reminders before appointments.This phone is only 3g but it is faster than you would think it would be.  I have no problems bringing up info on the internet. It comes with Google, Yahoo, Bing, Wikipedia, Dictionary.com already ready to use for searches which I use all the time!  Now, this phone is not for the hardcore folk who live to play games, watch videos, and download apps all day.  The small screen size is good for those light users of internet which is me..:)It has TeleNav GPS Navigator on it which I love.  I've used a few times already and it easy to use and has pointed me to the right direction each time.For those business oriented people or students, it has spreadsheet, presentation, document software. I tried the word doc and I was pleased with it.I've been impressed with this phone.  It's not all high end like the others but it does get the job done for basic needs. Also, it has a great battery life and you can turn the battery saving mode on to save battery life.I definitely recommend buying it and giving it a try.. ;)

It worked really great for around 3-4 months.Then after that it started to freeze a lot.I would have to take the battery out and restart the phone frequently.When restarting the phone took Long! sometimes it took up to over 5 mins.The Phone is nice and keys are a little small it doesn't have so many apps, and the apps that it does have- you will usually have to pay for them.Also when receiving a photo as a text message it will show blurry i cant see the photos very well.It has nice video camera with Flash.Um The internet is decent speed sometimes signal drops and its a bit slow.It has Great security protection though.It has AWESOME BATTERY LIFEIt last me 1.5 Days with Battery & it Charges Really Quickly.

I honestly think this was wayy worth it. Honestly if you like social media a ton, then this would be perfect for you. I just received it and it's exactly what I needed :) Thank you!

There are so many phones - i am becomming immune to them and their different attributes. I want a phone that can make phone calls and text and this one works just fine.

This phone is great! I use it with my playbook and my blue tooth device. The phone is fast, I can make conference calls and voice chat on BBM messenger. I can also use the power saver app to reserve the long lasting battery in the phone. I am pleased with this product and its service. I don't have a contract, my bill shrinks from $60 to $35 which includes unlimited talk, text, internet. and caller id, voice mail and up to 10 email accounts. I am satisfied!

(Disclaimer)...Since there are no separate reviews for this phone on the Straight Talk network here on Amazon, I decided to put one here.We do offer Boost Mobile in Nebraska but it is limited to the large cities so this review does apply to the phone and less to the provider.I've had my Straight Talk Blackberry 9310 for about two weeks now and am pretty happy with it. My previous BB was a Javelin 8900 which was on a different carrier but I used it for two years. Switched to a Samsung B2710 but recently went to Straight Talk when I saw the 9310 show up on the scene.Overall, I would say the user experience is similar to the 8900, all of the usual BB features are there. While I haven't tried to connect it to my Playbook with BB Bridge, I've read that Straight Talk blocks this. While I don't agree with this, I could see how it might cause you to start using data like crazy which the company doesn't want.Battery wise, I would say that I get the same life per charge as I did on my 8900. I can use it off and on all day and I'm down to about 75% at the end of the night. Should be able to get about two days of general use. The battery on this thing is massive but when I compare the 9310 to the 8900 side by side, the 9310 is much sleeker but the weight feels about the same. The buttons are a bit sleeker on the 9310 and sealed with a plastic/rubber covering. There is one feature of the 8900 that I would give anything to have on my 9310 and that is the screen. I can't quote the resolution off the top my my head but the 8900 is much sharper in a side by comparison and I'm sure it packs more pixels overall.Call quality is pretty good and is on par with my 8900 even though I am now technically using Verizon's antennas and with a different carrier. There are some times where the voice quality can get a bit garbled but I blame the carrier and not the phone because in general the voice quality is fine.I do love the fact that my accessories such as headset and power charger are compatible from the 8900 but one thing I would like to do, simply so I wouldn't have to pack an extra charger when I travel is use my Playbook charger with my 9310. While I've read this is possible, I have also heard some horror stories about how this fried or messed up the batteries of certain BB phones so for now, I wont be using the PB charger on the Curve.For $45 for the unlimited minute, text and data plan, I really can't complain and Straight Talk has been around long enough that I don't think it is going away any time soon. Don't get me wrong, I would have loved to have kept using my 8900 but at $90 per month that just was not going to happen.Minor annoyances...the screen not being as sharp on the 9310 as the 8900, no included headset with the ST package but other than that, the phone has been a piece of cake to use and is holding up nicely. Some people complain that the back of the phone is too slick or looks cheap as it is a shiny gloss plastic, but I keep my 9310 in a case/cover at all times so that isn't an issue with me. I actually liked going back to BB OS and after a few hours was completely comfortable with the phone. I do wish the phone would continue to ring as I retrieve it from by pocket as you can mute the ringer accidentally (or intentionally) by brushing the sensor pad so there are times when I take a second look at the phone to make sure I didn't accidentally end the car. Last thing, the keys are spaced in a way that I haven't totally adapted to using them or being able to type quickly but I will get here. I loved the slightly slanted keys of the 8900 as my fingers could grip them just right.Out of pocket, I paid $129 and $45 for the data plan but I was ready to switch phones anyway and after a month or two, i would have recovered my losses. I'm pretty happy and think it is a solid purchase and in my area, one of the few options out there for getting a prepaid BB plan. Yeah, I could have gone with Straight Talks monthly prepaid SIM plan and continued using my 8900 for only $45 per month but with no AT&T; home coverage that wouldn't be possible.

I am a business oriented individual who has gone through both an iPhone for one year and a droid razor for about 4 months. I am so not into applications and anything else that will drain my battery! I love this phone!!!

esta es la peor compra que pude hacer, el telefono no sirvio en mi pais, ademas que me lo enviaron bloqueado

This Blackberry is fantastic. Let me say that for the last 3 years I have been using nothing but Android phones. I just one day woke up and wanted to buy a Blackberry. I was using an HTC ONE. I sold my HTC and bought the Blackberry and I am in heaven. This is a fantastic, compact, speedy device. The appworld was a little confusing for me, but I got it figured out. Youtube videos play without constantly buffering. And other than an occasional freeze (which happens like once every week), this phone just works!!! I love the unified inbox! A thing to keep in mind is this: If you are coming from Android, dont give up on the Blackberry. Give it a week or two, and you will have it figured out. Some things are confusing on a Blackberry, but you will figure it out. You have to remember that this is a Blackberry, not an Android, so you cannot expect it to act like an Android. They are different. Excellent phone, takes great pics, and worth every dollar. And nothing beats Boost's plans and service. Go with this phone. You will not regret it.

I'V ALWAYS WANTED ONE SO I GOT IT. AND I LOVE HOW THE PICHURES COME OUT SO CLEAR ON IT.

This phone is a great phone good for just making calls or doing alittle browsing on the web.  If your not use to the small screen and the keyboard wouldnt do it.  I havnt had a blackberry in soo many years I forgot just how long these batteries last for weeks at a time.

You get what you pay for.  The price was right. Affordable.  However, I recommend this only for someone with minimal use. I would not purchase another one.

I just purchased this Blackberry 9310 two days ago and let me tell u this! By far its the best blackberry I purchased. The service is fast as heck! And the battery life is second to none. The youtube videos are clear as heck! The email is messages going out and coming in are fast. I love this phone! The os7 is smooth. I had androids and an iphone 4! The os blackberry has is smooth. Oh, and the keypad is great! And I have big hands. This phone is well worth the money.

Ilike this phone due to its sleek style and appearance isnt bad the only thing is that many of my apps are not compatible, new apps are also not compatible.

I DOES NOT WORK WHERE I AM. NO SIGNAL WAS NOT RECEIVING MY NOTIFICATION AND POOR HEARING QUALITY . SUCH A GOOD PHONE IN NY BUT JUST DOES NOT WORK IN PUERTO RICO

I've gotten my blackberry 9310 on Boost Mobile a few days ago and I'm just trying to play with it and get a feel on how I feel about it. Here it goes.Lets start of with the cons:- I wish the screen was a bit bigger.- The lack of a large range of apps is a bit annoying but don't really care for them.- Keyboard is a bit small (I'm used to touch screen so that's probably why)Pros :- Love my battery life. Absolutely amazing !- Calls are clear- Texts are fast- Emails are fast- Loving my Mp3 player- Internet is fast- Great feature to add in a built in FM radio- Camera is ok.Whether you should get an Blackberry or Andriod phone is totally up to YOU.I can't tell what you should get because everyone is different with different needs.I like my Blackberry a lot and I'm happy to call it an "smartphone" :)I use my Blackberry for calling , texting , downlaoding music and emails.Hopefully next year I will be MORE finacially secure and MAY upgrade to the HTC design or LG Marqee on Boost Mobile. (Sprint)I'm not sure just yet.For now , this Blackberry will do it's job :)$100 well spent.

I have been with boost mobile for 5 years moving up thru the blackberries. This is the best yet. Fast and lots of new feature in os 7.1 and wow the 9310 has an awesome battery life.

I never arrived and no one helped me as much as I wrote, I received no help, nor a result in a few words I had not seriously robbed, I recommend that they buy from pure stores because these people even a tracking number they give you just you have to wait to see if it comes. And this was the person who bought and washed his hands with my product.(Zuly09271977)

I like this phone first of all because I am not bound to a contract.  It is taking getting use to but I am working it out, the only thing I miss is the android market especially getting free app. such as tv.com and some of the games.

Sounds a a great product for the price,hence decided to go for it. Balckberry curve for this price, what could go wrong?Well the provider. After 3 months of excellent service, the phone now gets disconnected during a call and unable to make calls during certain times of the day. After up Boostmobile close to 10 times now, every time some process is done and I am told it should be fine in the nexte few hours.Case opened to replace the device, then someone closed the case. No more action. Every alternate day I face the issue, I call, someone carries on some diagnostics, and I am told it will be resolved in a few hours (and it is)  and the cycle goes on.

I bought this phone about two weeks ago and so far I'm happy with this purchase. Internet is slightly faster less video buffering Wifi is N capable and camera is better and has flash compared to the 8530. This is nice phone the  design is a lot sleeker and operating this phone the commands are almost the same as earlier curve models. battery life is improved  but curve 8530 had good battery life as well but 9310 is even better. The phone fell on the floor while i was at work and it is still working can not speak on long term usage of phone but I am very happy with my purchase

I've had this phone for a day now. I like its performance up to date; Battery life is fair, it doen't drop any calls. It's a good phone. I would definitely recommend this to a friend.

But can't get service for this phone in my rural area.

bid because I like the model is a good phone bid because I like the model is a good phone hope I meet my expectation

I didn't know that this mobile was a SIM card less so this device turned into a paper holder for me

Already in use, replaced my ol.d Samsung, still in the process to learn it 100%, will get some apps quickly and use them

This phone isn't as good as I thought it would be and the navigation really sucks.  This phone may have been cool in the early 2000's butitvsure isn't cool now. Would not recommend this phone.

I use my phone for so much more than just calls and texts.  My blackberry has become a necessary part of my business and personal life.  The phone is not regarded as a &#34;top tier&#34; device.  The app's available are not as numerous as what is available through Android and Apple.  However, what the device can do, it does quite well.

Exchanged this phone 5times headphone jack never worked. Now I'am stuck with junk. You realize its a $200 fine for talking on a cell phone.......that why I wanted a phone that I could talk. While driving. This phone suck suck do not buy this phone!!!!!!!!!!!!

Bought it as a gift for my daughter. She has had one in the past and said she loves it. If she liked it then so do I.

I loved that it is so fast.  I love Blackberry.  I find it easier to use than the touch things. And the Plan for unlimited everything shrinking things is such a good deal.

I love this phone, I am a Blackberry person and it's a great upgrade from 8530! I switched from Android back to Blackberry. The speed on the internet browser is SUPER FAST (faster than my previous Android phone) it doesn't freeze up or crash (unlike my Android). There aren't many apps in the Blackberry market, but have all the ones i do need! I'm not on social sites anymore (too time consuming and a distraction for a college student lol) I use my phone for text, calling and emailing!Youtube works perfectly on the phone, music is loud, videos and images are clear, camera quality is okay :) I'm not a gamer on my phone (i play them on my game system) but there are some good game apps that will pass the time or boredom!The seller delivered the phone really fast :) There isn't a SD Card it in so be sure to get you one (I used mine from my Android phone). Boost is a good company, good customer service, I mean they are under Sprint so that explains it!Good phone, reasonable price and plan! :P If you are a Blackberry lover this is perfect for you unless you want to get the later ones Q10 or Z10. Me I wanted the standard Blackberry with keypad :)I'd recommend this to anyone who is a Blackberry fan, or are sick of touch screens and wants a nice keypad :) It's pretty small (perfect for my hands) so I'm not sure how a person with big hangs and fingers could use this!Oh and the battery life is AWESOME! It last me almost two days unlike a Android which I had to charge 2-3 times a day!I love it &lt;3

because no information on product was given,and i have to return it because it cant work in my country  because it have no where to use a sim card

I've been out of the country for a long time, so i just got to see the two phones i ordered a long time ago yesterday. I then realized my Blackberrys have NO SIM CARD! ive been told they're SAMPLE PHONES!! I can't understand how this happend and  I demand a reasonable explanation as soon as possible.

I had the BB 8530 and I liked it but had a lot of problems with it freezing up and taking a long time. I also thought the camera was a little cheap. I really like Blackberry so I decided to stick with it and went with the 9310 and I love it. The camera is great has a flash unlike the 8530 and you have a choice to use it or not and pictures come out great. I haven't had any freezing and the phone/internet are really fast and it has a long battery life. I strongly suggest getting it. Its a great phone.

This is an enjoyable little phone for the price. It does everything that I need. Bells and whistles are there if I want them, but don't get in the way of doing the simple things like making a phone call.

Let me start by saying I've gone through the iphone phase, the droid phase, 4g 3g and what have u. I've never paid 100 and been so happy with a product. This phone is incredible. Long lasting battery, fast downloads, clear call voice and all the apps u come to love with other more expensive phones.  I also add that this phone is extremely durable. Get this now! You can't beat the price, and boost's 60 dollar unlimited with shrikage is unmatched. Love this phone!!!!!

awesome I would buy this again, came brand new as described. I called and activated it, and the thing worked like a charm.
