
Just as advertised on the web site. Received on time. I would have have given a higher rating. Great Product. This is the best phone i ever owned. I have installed custom roms and made numerous tweaks to the operating system for improved performance.

I've had the phone for a month, no problems so far.  This phone was purchased to be used with a prepaid card without a contract.AT&T; Store carries a monthly card, unlimited phone/text with 2GB of Data for $65.00 including taxes.  The service lady at AT&T; store said the internet runs slower because of it being an &#34;unlocked&#34; phone.  I plan on trying to use a prepaid card from Walmart next month that has unlimited phone/text/data ($45.00).  This review is from the United States, not overseas, etc.

What a shame, what a shame!!This phone could have been the best if the display was bright enough to see outdoors.I can't believe all the technology built into this phone and Samsung can't make it bright enough to see outdoors.If you never go outside then this phone is the best choice available right now.

the perfect phone. its tools, applications, interface, structure, architecture, design and function are perfect. I highly recommend it. is good for work and multimedia, social networking and communication. The camera is spectacular. I love it

As promissed I received the S3 on time. For some reason the instruction was not in English.The product received was OK and With friends help I understood how to operate the S3.

I have yet to learn all the features of this phone but the sky's the limit.  I'm smitten.  I highly recommend the Samsung Galaxy S III.

I had to exchange once cause was a blocked phone. Second one came, it was not made by samsung in korea, but unbloced and works well sofar with At&t.; The battery comsums very quickly that I almost to charge by twice a day or more.Any way, I really hope it works well in buenos aires and seoul during my trips.thanks.

may hauer-simmonds said: great phone!!! if you want to change you iphone go for this. you won't regret this. the technology is amazing.

Ordered the Samsung galaxy S3 and got it as per their promise.I did not know if I ordered a international version I wont be getting the english manuals and the plugs for US socket.Anyway they did explained it after I got the unit.Over all service was good and very prompt.Thanks for the good service.Parvathi

I am throughly satisfied with the product and the shipping procedures, everything was on time and professionally handled. The product was just what i wanted and was received in top condition!!!!

bad very bad

I absolutely love this phone, it has everything!Large screen, quad core processing, 1 GB ram, 16 GB storage...what more can I say?  This thing is a beast.A friend of mine had doubts if I would get tired of the enormous screen, but the answer is no after 3 months.I have large hands so I can handle this with ease in one hand, but works great with two.Stylus is a nice touch, but don't need it very often.This is definitely the future of mobile computing.  Only down side is the resolution, which is not terrible, but if you have had an iphone before, you have been spoiled.I'm sure the next Galaxy will take this challenge head on.-Steven M Durko

I have no complaints on the phone. It had a lot of good features, and since this was my first smart phone, I had a lot of learning to do. I found out in a matter of a couple of days that the AT&T; network would not give me coverage with this Galaxy SIII in a critical area that I had to have coverage. (The basement level of our three story brick condominium building. It dropped coverage immediately when entering the basement garage, and could not call out from there. I operate a small handyman business in retirement, and my store room and tools are in the garage; so I must have coverage there. The no-contract phone that I was previously using (Cricket) gave me perfect coverage in that area, as well as anywhere else in the US and Hawaii that I travelled. So after about two days I sold my Galaxy SIII on Amazon.com, and bought a Cricket smart phone; of which I am well pleased. I am still learning all the things that I can do with it in addition to using it as a phone.I must admit, that my experience in dealing with Amazon, both in buying and selling, was a pleasant and trouble-free one.Walter Stumpf

The only connectivity that worked most of the time was 4G. Everything else was flaky in particular Wifi. Sending it to the manufactor for 30+ days is not an option. That's laughable and the manufactor knows that most people will just drop getting things fixed this way.

Equipo en perfecto estado! caja sellada y 100% nuevo, todo lo que uno necesita para estar conforme con el producto encargado! Lo unico la caja donde lo enviaron un poco grande!!

you cannot guarantee the warranty in US if you buy this product.Cuz it is International model, not US model.

The haptic technology is too sensitive on this phone, it is too easy to unwittingly trigger something and then have to do finger acrobatics to get back to my original spot.I bought this phone unlocked and in the international version because I routinely travel outside the U.S. and having a phone tied to an American phone company is just not practical.  My iPhone 4 was also purchased unlocked, that proved to be the correct way to go.  The GS3 comes with 16GB of user available space plus a slot for micro-SD to add morestorage space.  I have a 32GB SD card in mine.  I have put a lot of videos and photos on mine in the year that I've owned it.  I routinely clear the card and keep file backups in other places.  I have dropped the phone with two different protective covers on it - on numerous occasions - and I still have no issues with it.I bought the GS3 because of the videos I saw users post on YouTube.  In my opinion this phone records very good video and yields nice results online.  This phone also allows the user to transfer photos and files wirelessly to other Samsung devices, including Samsung TVs.  I learned that last one by accident - I was trying to transfer photos to my daughter's Galaxy Note and my grandson came out of his bedroom and said, &#34;Hey, someone is posting photos on my TV set.&#34;  SWEET!Personally, I think ALL phones should have the on/off toggle button on top of the phone like Apple does it so it's out of the way.  But it's the hypersensitive nature of the haptic sensors on the lower bezel of the phone that keep me from giving this one five stars.  Still, even with the GS5 new on the market, I can easily recommend the unlocked GS3 i9300 to anyone.  It's a good phone, a great last-minute/emergency video camera, a computer in your pocket and something that won't need to be upgraded every year.

I bought this phone 5 days ago and already the glass over the camera has shattered. This happened without any mistreatment, dropping, or irregular use. Samsung and phone carriers are not supportive of replacing the device, and it is difficult to find the glass to replace it (it is taking 1 month to order this piece of glass from China). The software on the phone is great. I am a big fan of Android, but I would look for a phone from a company that values quality control if I had to do this again. Definitely not worth the price tag.

When I first bought this phone, I found its size to be a bit of a challenge. After a few weeks I have become used to it and there are things about this phone I really like. As a loyal HTC phone person, it took a lot for me to switch to Samsung, but I took the chance and am glad I did.Cons:1. My sister says the voice quality is not as clear. I've played with the settings, but she still says I sound a little muffled. This is both with and without using a bluetooth headset.2. The size takes some getting used to. It's hard to do the screen unlock with my thumb.3. When you turn the phone on, it goes back to the last screen you were on versus the home page (maybe I can change this somewhere?). This doesn't seem like a big deal, but it means I have to remember what I had on each screen and scroll over to where I need to be. With my most used items on my home page, it would be nice if the phone would wake up to that.4. There are other little things, like speed dialing, that aren't as user friendly as they were on the Evo. I can add a phone number as a widget, but I'd love to have direct speed dialing from the phone window to a particular number. Now, I have to have a screen full of widget speed dial numbers. The speed dialing from the phone only allows you to speed dial a contact and you still have to choose the phone number to dial, then hit the call button. Things like that take a few extra steps which can be cumbersome. My Sprint guy tells me that is the new operating system, but he could just be saying that.5. I'm not that crazy about pushing in the home button. A smooth button would have been better.6. It may sound stupid, but when you type the letter i and a space, it doesn't automatically capitalize the i...it should. You can hit the capital i above the keyboard, but you really shouldn't have to do that.Pros:1. The speed. It is fast to navigate around the phone. LOVE that. The few silly games I play run super fast.2. Battery life is simply awesome. While I use my phone mostly for email and work related syncing, I just can't believe how long the battery lasts. I don't have to charge the phone every day and it charges quickly. Also, when the phone battery gets low, it doesn't seem to use up the battery any faster like it did on my Evo. Once the battery got low on my Evo, it seemed like the phone was completely out of juice before I knew it.3. The Bluetooth works well. I never have trouble connecting to my bluetooth headset. Even better than that though, is when I play music through my buetooth sound system, I don't lose sound quality. On my Evo, there was a significant loss in sound quality.4. There are so many nice little things that are cool....like how fast the screen rotates to how responsive the volume/power buttons are.5. The camera is fast and can shoot multiple shots in a row. It takes good photos.6. When you slide down from the top of the screen you can easily access common settings (mute, bluetooth, wi-fi) and that is quite nice. I use that a lot.7. Swype works really well once activated. It is actually a lot more accurate than typing.8. Voice to typing is way more accurate than I have ever seen.I'm sure there is more, but hopefully these comments have helped.

My daughter and I have iPhones. She needs to go back to home town where doesn't provide AT&T locked phones, I found SGS III here. The device is sleek, made form mostly plastic. I seems slippery on hand. Good product.

got my S3 in white, I also own the iPhone 4s factory onlocked 64gb ,but The samsong galaxy s3 feels great in hand, it's super fast MUCH MUCH MORE FAST THEN THE 4S 3G. I like the fact to expand memory by 1 or more micro sd 32gb or 64gb,what the iphone 4s do not have.and that you can change battery 1 or more and never be out of battery,onlike the iphone 4s battery life which alwys must be charged.the galaxy s3 Battery Life is great for the all day,am happy WE DON'T HAVE ALL WAYS TO CONECT TO Itunes FOR EVERY LITTLE NEED.like the fact THAT THERE IS SO MUCH RINGTUNES ON THE S3.WHICH THE IPHONE 4S IS VERY SIMPELE LITTELRINGTUNES.like the fact THAT WE HAVE FLASH,AND YOU COULD SEE YOUTUBE ON THE WEB WITH OUT GOING TO THE CRAZY YOUTUBE APP ON APPLE IPHONE.looking forward to explore more features. I highly recommend it

It's an outstanding phone for such a money, strongly recommend for anyone. I don't see any reason of buying the latest model for a much higher price.

I love the phone. I was using Sony xperia and after couple of years of use i was searching for the good phone. i never used samsung before but after using the same I came to know the sound quality specially loud speaker quality of the phone is so good compare the Sony. Also clarity of the video is very good. the only thing I am giving 4 star is because of the battery usage. one of the reason of switching from Sony to Samsung also the battery. Phone is using so much battery that it last only for a day MAX. and if you chat more than half hour battery will drain 50% very fast. I think touch is using so much battery and same with Sony as well.

after buying, out comes the 4G LTE version. nice color. hangs once in a while, and sadly no LTE. fortunately it's a gift for my girlfriend.

I have had my samsung s3 for about 6 months it has been working great until, for some reason, the battery goes down very quickly and will discharge even while on a charger (yes I have tried different ports, chargers, and outlets) and now when I unplug it when on 100% as soon as it goes unplugged it drains to 83%. This is a good, fast phone and can do pretty much anything you'd need it to do. But if you do buy this prepare to invest in an external charger and extra batteries.

This is the best phone ever , according to my brother that already had Blackberry / Nokia ...He is very happy - I gave to him as Birthday present !Now I need to get one for me !

I didn't think there would be a faster or better android phone than the Note.  I got this this afternoon.  Cut down my Sim to a micro...stuck it in and zoom.  Quandrant was 5476.  ICS is so fluid and easy.  TouchWiz is amamzing also.  This is quad core and it is hard to keep up with.  The only thing I have noticed so far is when you push the home button it really seems to lag to get back to the home screen.  Maybe haven't tuned up all the settings though.  I played with the One X at ATT.  The real difference is the sound on the SIII is LOUD and clear.  Plus, the fact of having an SD card and replaceable battery was the no brainer decision for me.  The only other real problem with this and the One X is that in six months, or less, they will be outdated.  Oh Yes, S Voice takes longer than Siri, but the replies seem to in more detail.  Get it if you are an android fan and you will positively enjoy it.

good afternoon, I bought the samsung galaxy s3 new unlocked, firstly the product arrived in a blue box that does not is the ORIGINAL cell, secondly the charger is not corresponding to the model samsung galaxy s3 that I bought, third hearing aids are not samsung galaxy s3, are a few normal white that have nothing to do with the phoneroom equipment is used and fifth also include manual or instructions of any kind, I hope a response on the part of you that this product was not what I buy for which I feel badly ripped. I hope prompt response

Do not buy Samsung Galaxy S3 from HassleFreeCell.In my case, they bought the phone from T-Mobile on contract.The Model is not I9300 (factory unlocked as they advertise) but SGH-T999 (T-Mobile locked phone)They first somehow unlock the phone, then they sold the phone to me as NEW.They stopped the payments. T-Mobile blocked the phone after couple of months.When I went to two different T-Mobile shops  to ask why I can not connect to T-Mobile network they have checked the phone by the IMEI number and gave me exactly the same answer:The owner bought this phone on contract and stopped paying. He owes money to us. That is why the phone is blocked.I am now having troubles with the seller to return this product and get my refund.Amazon is supporting this issue with their A to Z guarantee but that will last up to 14 days.I can not use the phone in a mean time.In the future I will never do any business with HassleFreeCell because they told me too much lies for such a simple FRAUD.

Light, big screen and the most updated technology...that's why I changed my Iphone4 for this Galaxy last week.I didn't buy the Iphone 4s because I decided to wait for the Iphone 5 with a bigger screen and the 4G tech....The transition was painful because everything was running so smoothly with my Macs/Iphone/Ipad/Ipods....everybody paired nice and easy...I bought an Ivy Bridge first class Samsung Notebook just to avoid these pairing issues with my new Galaxy3..this guy is not recognized by my Apple folks...don't waste your time trying to plug it into a Mac.But...but...but....After all the settings/contacts, music and photos transferences/apps downloads/customizations, etc. I started to use it, make phone calls, take photos, listen to my playlists and enjoy my new gadget...and surprisingly some unexpected events turned my dreams into a nightmare:on the third day,  when I tried to open my photo library it did not respond...I had to turn off the device and try again...but that's okay, I thought to myself, now it's working. But later, couldn't make a phone call because the the phone icon didn't open and, again, turned it off/on to make my phone call.This wonderful machine is so complex, that sometimes, it decides not to respond to your comand. May be because it has to decide when and what to do by itself.My beloved, dearest and already gone Iphone ...I've sold it to a friend...cannot get it back, unfortunatelly.And for you, who didn't make this unwise change, I leave my last words:Look before you leap....

1, Just one month after I bought it, it has crashed many many times. Luckly I fixed it.2, died without any reason after 9 months. I didn't drop it nor did any damage to it.3, a lot lot of samsung build-in trash apps. Without root the phone, you can not uninstall these trash apps.I will never buy any samsung products any more!!!!!!!!!!

Had this phone for about a year and it is easily the best phone I've ever owned. They are extremely fast, reliable, and durable. Yesterday I was canoeing and ended up in the water with my phone submerged for over 5 minutes and after I dried out my S3 it worked like nothing even happened. I was more than a little surprised and obviously pretty stoked I didn't have to buy a new phone. If you want a smart phone with all the bells and whistles that is affordable and can take a beating I would highly recommend an S3.

Although omitted in the description, model number GT-19300 is an international model.  It cannot be registered with Samsung USA.  Samsung customer service will not answer questions in print regarding international models, but the voice service made it clear that the warranty would not be honored in the US.  Amazon customer service was not aware that this is an international model (two inquiries).  I think this model is different than the Samsung Galaxy S III sold by US carriers.I returned the GT-19300 and bought Samsung Galaxy S III with a service contract from a US carrier.

I received Samsung Galaxy S3 on June 21 from AT&T.; Had pre-ordered it by calling customer support. Since then, I have been playing around with it and setting up all the apps from my previous phone (HTC Inspire). Activating the phone was quite simple and easy, AT&T; Customer support was extremely helpful. The phone has lived up to its expectations from what I have been reading on the web so far. However, it is too thin and the (cheap) plastic back is slippery. One has to be extremely careful handling the phone. I'm thinking of buying a bulky cover so that I feel the phone in my hand when I'm using it. The big screen is awesome. A little hard navigate with one hand, but it is manageable. The quality of the screen and the colors is excellent.My biggest peeve on my old phone was the battery life. I had to charge HTC Inspire almost 3 times a day. Samsung Galaxy 3 seems to withstand my moderate use, with 50% battery consumed per day. This is a big win for me. I use the phone to check e-mails, catch up on news and Facebook, couple of YouTube videos and a few phone calls (I do not use texting), pretty average use. The 4GLTE is wicked fast. So far, I'm very happy I made the switch.The phone looses one star because of the cheap plastic back, which makes the phone slippery. Probably it is just a matter of getting used to it. The Motorola Droid is supposed to have a bigger battery. If Battery is main concern, wait for Droid on AT&T.; It is rumored to be out soon on AT&T; although some of the blogs on the web probably have the latest information.

Took it to Europe and it worked without an issue.  Brand new in a sealed box. Worth the money spent.

Everything about the S III is great except the bug that says you are roaming all the time.  The charges are not roaming charges and it doesn't seem to affect how the phone works, it is just annoying that they (samsung) can't get this right.

I do own an IPhone but bought me a S3 lately on one of my trips in Asia.I like the huge screen which is a big plus for surfing the net.The case is less massive than the IPhone, leading in less weight.But the big plus is definitely the big brilliant screen plus some nice features like eye tracking which I enjoy a lot.

It's a good phone but is very expensive, there are others with the same features but less expensive. Very expensive

Its and awesome phone the only thing the battery life is not so good but in all other ways is perfect i totally recomend this phone

No problem with the phone received and work normaly with no any problem i hoppe all continue as per normaly usualy.

This is the best phone ever! Love the big screen, battery last 13~15 hour... No need extra battery case, love it!!

Had phone about a month and first time i dropped it screen broke.I don't just mean cracked but inoperable.I must have dropped my Motorola phones hundreds of times over the years and they NEVER broke.So,the second phone I got ALSO got a broken screen the first time it was dropped,but at least it still works.That's how I know the batteries don't hold a charge.Good luck with these.If you buy one you'll need it.

The phone was perfect (like new ) but the specification said that it was unlocked and it wasn't..I spend more money and time because of that

I got my S3 in white yesterday, I had the iPhone 4s before but I played before with the s2 that I already liked. The phone feels great in hand, it's super fast. I like the fact to expand memory by micro sd and that you can change battery. Battery Life is great for me so far, looking forward to explore more features. In case you have the htc one x, I think you don't need to upgrade, otherwise I can highly recommend it, it's not feeling so huge than the Note.

Be aware of the available RAM on the device. In the specifications the RAM amount is declared to be 2 GB. But the one that I've received has 1 GB RAM (shows 780MB in fact-available for user apps). Since this device is "international version", 1 GB RAM is the expected one but the site misleads by giving RAM information as 2 GB.Just be aware.Rest is quite good..

First let me say that I've been using iPhone's for years and know them like the back of my hand; however, the iPhone has been getting increasingly boring as it is so restricted.  So I decided to try out the S3 and my mind has been blown!  There is a learning curve if you've never used an Android device before, to be honest the first few weeks I disliked this device, that was until I truly figured out how to use the open source formatting to the fullest potential.  In order to have the iPhone compete with the S3 in anyway you would have to jailbreak it (which voids warranty), whereas with the S3 you simple can download ROMs/Launchers from the play store.  I would highly suggest goLauncher, it allows you to customize your SMS screen, icons, docks, widgets, transition effects, you name it this launcher can customize it.  There are several other great launchers, such as NovaLauncher and ApexLauncher that completely customize the look and performance of your S3 as well.  Another great addon is to either download Swiftkey or Touchpal from the app store, both are fantastic keyboards that blow the iPhone's out of the water.Another powerful aspect of this phone is the fantastic camera!  The flash of this camera is far brighter than the iPhone's.  Not only that but there are so many features of the camera that make it so much more functional.  For starters the front facing camera is crisp and clean, while the iphones is so pixelated and cheap looking.  There are also several features such as "smile shot" which will automatically take a picture when the person smiles.  You can also change the scene effects, for instance if you choose "night" the camera takes superb images in very low light, while the iPhone struggles to focus .I will say that the S3 in some ways does have a few flaws:1. Power button placement is on the right side, it would be far better if it were on the top like other smartphones2. S3 has no volume switch that would allow it to be set to vibrate quickly3. The back material feels like cheap plastic once removedNow lets compare that to the flaws of the iPhone:1. Small screen, which looks even smaller after viewing an S32. Can't change the theme, icons, transition effects, etc.  the iPhone is not customizable at all!3. No live wallpapers4. Kiddish app store, you will find several mature apps in the Android market5. No widgets (there are numerous clock, calendar, and statusbar widgets for Android6. Heavy and blocky feeling, while the S3 is thin and light7. You can't download jailbroken apps from the app store; however, you can download rooted apps (Android equivalent of jailbreaking) straight from the android market.  This means less malware and viruses.8. No external memory, that means if you buy a 16GB iphone you will only have 16Gb of storage, the android has removable cards that can add 34GB and even 64GB of storage for all your photos, music, and videos.  The only way to get more room on the iPhone is to delete stuff you already have.I could go on and on with the flaws of the iPhone compared to the S3!  So in conclusion the S3 decimates the iPhone, trust me when I say that! The only people that would prefer an iPhone over the S3 are the technological illiterate or simply casual users who just want to text and call.  If either are the case then just buy a prepaid phone, because for the price of the iPhone you're throwing your money away. The iPhone 5 will also fail miserably to the S3, do you know why? It's because the iPhone is about money and not making drastic changes that will satisfying the customers; for instance, they don't allow memory cards because they want you to spend more money upgrading, they don't allow rooted/jailbroken apps in their app store because they don't want you to simply download apps that can create wifi hotspots for free.  The only way you can truly believe the iPhone 5 will be the king is if you've never experience a true open source phone like the S3 or you're simply too technologically ignorant to know how to use it.  So you have the choice buy the iphone 4s or wait for the iphone 5 and the story ends, you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want or you can buy the S3 and see how deep the rabbit hole really goes.

seller give a product does not meet the characteristics of the post is a scammer buy a samsung s3 GT-I9300 international version and sent me a rebuilt team was a samsung s3 card (SGH i747) and rooteado and the box was saying gt-I9300 I lost my money and time

I was impressed with the phone at first but after a week I have had many issues. The phone is super fast. I like the screen size. I like ice cream sandwich. However, the mild annoyances have added up.I have heard the complaint that the phone is too big to fit in the hand. I did not find this the case. Instead I found that during calls my pinky covered the microphone. During web browsing my fingers would touch the screen off button. I would like to meet the person they designed this phone to fit in the hand if some are too small and if mine get in the way of the functionality.The screen itself has a bluish tint when looking at whites. How does this screen get good reviews? They cite the technical specs when lauding it but I'm writing a review on it right now and I'm not impressed. I already figured out to turn off the separate browser brightness settings but whites are not white and the screen is too dim.S voice might as well not exist. At least siri is funny when it is frustrating. S voice is just frustrating.Apps that I have used on other phones don't seem to work as fluidly on this phone. I am talking anything from navigation native to android to Slacker radio.Smart view is supposed to keep the screen on by tracking your eyes with the camera. This works in practice about as well as s voice.There are definitely worse android phones out there. They do not cost as much as this one or carry the hype.

I have owned the S3 for 1 1/2 years, my carrier is Sprint... even though Sprint's service is lacking, the S3 has performed well beyond my expectations! I do not use the voice thing it comes with, I hate voice programs all together as they all need a lot of work. The voice to text is also a PITA but does work and come in handy when driving. The processing of the phone is insane, I will be upgrading in Dec to the S4 and cannot wait to experience the processing of it. I am giving it 5 stars mainly because I have not had any issues with the phone except self inflicted malware issues. It is durable with the right case, great cams, and overall is a joy to own.

There are many applications which are available on this phone.  Quite easy to use.My complaint would be pressing the volume button by mistake.  i am getting used to it and really like it.

its my daily phone and its awsome good . . . . . / / / . . . .

This phone works both in China and in USA. It's the second one I bought. The reason I give it four stars instead of five is because of the battery. This one lasts much shorter time than the previous one I bought. Even without making any calls or surfing online, the battery will go empty in one day or two.

Ive used a friends dual core for some time and it was amazing, much more interesting then the iphone 4, my iphone was laggy even with 6 gb of space left and got stuck sometimes the screen was no were near as nice but my question is can i order the european unlocked quad core and use it to its full cabanility here in the states? I have 3g internet from at&t; and im in ny let meKnow please thanks in advance

Great phone. Arrived on time and works great. Using it in the Caribbean and had no problems setting it up.

This is my first smart phone,I choose it from amazon ,because I really like it! white!big,everyday I take it and very time take some photo for my kids,I love it,and good price.

I start to have some problems but nothing big i hope is gone go away.in rest is a cool phone

I've had 4 Android phones in the past 2 years and sadly, this one was the worst for the money. Why? Read one if you're curious.I've had 5 Galaxy S III's. They are, unfortunately, quite lacking in build quality and reliability.- My first one had dead pixels on the screen. These are small black specks on the screen you can  see when your phone has darker/black backgrounds (such as during movies). It doesn't affect performance but my goodness, it really does get annoying. Had this one replaced after just 2 weeks owning it. Apparently it's a quality control issue that comes up on many GS III's. I had this one replaced.- My replacement started overheating and draining my battery very fast within just 3 weeks of owning it. I had this one replaced too.- My third one worked alright for about 3 months. Then, one day, the front-facing camera started displaying a green hue of light on each side of it. It showed up in pictures too. I don't use the front-facing camera much but still, it was deemed a hardware failure by Samsung and was sent yet another replacement phone.- My fourth GS III went for a month or so. Then this one started eating battery very quickly as well (without data or wifi on) and I sent this one back.I just got my fifth GS III a couple weeks ago. Needless to say I sold it because my warranty would end in a couple months and if I had another failure, I would be stuck with it this time around. It's a shame because out of all my phones I've had (I've had quite a few), this was my favorite in terms of capability, user interface, and value. However, the physical quality and reliability is very subpar and needless to say, I picked up an iPhone 5 last week.In terms of software, the iPhone is an EXTREME DOWNGRADE IMHO, but hardware-wise, it puts the GS III to shame. It just feels so much more premium and well-built.I may have just gotten unlucky (four times) but BUYER BEWARE!** NOTE: I had a Ghost Armor screen protector and case on each one of my GS III's and none of them suffered from water damage or were every dropped. I like to think I take very good care of my phones too. **

Important Note:  The following is written regarding a Samsung Galaxy S III that I bought from another vendor for use with Sprint, in the states.  It is NOT the phone shown on this page.This phone will NOT give you true 4G UNLESS you live in a city where 4G LTE is active.  It cannot access the 4G WIMAX network.  Sad fact, I thought I was trading up from my 4G Wimax SII.  Now I have a much slower phone that is stuck in 3G until Austin rolls out 4G LTE, by this year's end, according to Sprint.  Also, please note that you cannot shift your apps to a mini SD in your SII and then have your SIII see them.  It is not able to read apps off of an SD card.  Music and pics worked OK, for me, but others have complained, online, that their old SD was invisible to the SIII.  Better to dump old files to your computer, do a reformat of the mini in the SIII and then load it up.  As far as the screen, speaker volume, extra features are concerned, so far, so good.  I've had the phone less than 24 hrs.  I will update, here, as things move along. UPDATE: 9/14/12--The battery life is not much better than the SII, if you are using your phone for GPS, texting, a few calls, a few internet fact checks, each day.  I get about eight hours, just like with my SII.  The main reason I bought this phone and traded in my SII was because of a site that compared them, feature by feature.  In looking at that site, again, I honestly believe it was put up by Samsung and/or Sprint, to generate interest and sales of the SIII.  This is not noted anywhere on the site.  What is on the site is a "stretching" of the truth.  If I had it to do over, I would have kept my SII until 4G LTE was firmly established in my area.  Thinking about that, if 4G Wimax was to stay up, knowing what I know now, I probably would still have kept my SII.  I don't see much difference between the two.  UPDATE: 9/23/12---Just tried this phone with wi-fi at Sprint store---Blazing fast!  Amazing!  The salesperson said the 4G LTE will be faster, yet, and it will be in Austin by Jan. 1st, 2013.  This phone is looking better to me, right now.  UPDATE: 11/18/2012:  You need to check out exactly what your version of this phone comes with.  Because of the international consumer base, those companies marketing these phones try to give the impression that everyone gets the same unit, same features.  WRONG!  The US version of this phone does not have remote control.  Signing up for a Samsung account does NOT suddenly put this feature on your phone.  In the settings menu, the remote control option is missing, entirely.  That being the case, you cannot remotely lock or wipe your phone, in the US, like you can with the Iphone.  You cannot find your phone, remotely.  There are apps that supposedly give you this capability.  They are all garbage, and you should know that those touting their efficacy are, most likely, shills for the companies putting them out there to fill the void left by this feature's absence on this phone.  In the comments section, here, you will probably find a few saying how great this program or that one is for remote functions.  Try them all, like I did, and you will find that they are worthless.  Be careful, while trying them, as well, since you will give the companies permissions that may make you ripe for identity theft.  You've been warned. UPDATE, 1/7/2013:  My area now has 4G LTE.  The Verdict:  Nothing to get excited about. I was told that 4G LTE was faster than the Wi-Fi I tried at the Sprint store. Nonsense! It drags and, at times, is just about the same as 3G, sluggish.  Also, push e-mail has disappeared from the phone with the last few updates.  You are never cued when you have new email. You must refresh to load it.  This is a pain, and is not fixable, at this point, as the many, new internet posts on this problem will attest to.  I am not excited about this phone, not excited about Sprint, and I've been with them since the time their name was leased by a local company, starting in 1992!  They used to be cool, used to give me deals that others didn't get.  Now I'm lumped in with everyone else, and that's that.  In the end, this phone is OK, but only OK, all things considered.  As the competition falls by the wayside, as phone manufacturers and servers drop off and yield to the two or three remaining, you can expect that all of the hassles we put up with, with the old Bell System, will come to the fore. The only difference will be that vocal quality will probably never be as clear as what it was on 1960 land lines.  Kind of ironic, that. UPDATE: 2/28/13:  I am on the verge of leaving Sprint.  Their 4G LTE network is a joke, in much of Austin.  I cannot stream anything in my home location.  The tower techs say that the issue may be resolved by Sept. of this year, but they're not sure! Bah!  What they're not saying is that tower climbers are hard to find and those with the tech smarts to tune dishes and antennas are rarer still. It is a dangerous business with no national certifying body.  I've actually looked into becoming a tower climber as my present profession keeps me sixty feet up trees, and I love it up there.  As for the phone:  The buttons for volume and shut-off are very poorly placed: When you go to change the volume, you often turn the phone off because the buttons are exactly opposite each other, on either side of the phone.  This is an annoying design flaw and needs to be remedied in later versions. As the phone struggles to find signals on the terrible Sprint network, it gets very hot.  I'm sure, at times, it gets hot enough to cause serious burns.

My daughter broke/dropped her Samsung Galaxy SIII and this arrived very quickly which was much appreciated.  She had no problem reloading all her apps and was able to set up her wifi connection easily.

Very good phone. Wish it didnt lag as much when a lot of things are on the phone but that is to be expected with all phones.

I completely love this phone so far. I received it today. It wasn't due until Monday. Only problem I had with it is I had to call AT&T and have them fix my internet. Other than that I would definitely recommend this phone!!

The phones were indeed &#34;unlocked&#34;, they have preformed flawlessly.  Delivery was lightening quick and they were perfect.  What more can I say -  Very pleased.

my own lack of knowledge I guess. Vendor didn't appear interested in providing me after sales alternatives. Not their fault, but they did't waste any time cutting me loose after sale.

A good smart phone but still having many areas to improve.Cons:1) USB connection is not reliable. It only works well when using the USB cable comes with the phone.2) Kies via WiFi cannot detect my imac.3) Smart stay is not reliable. (Smart stay disables screen timeout by detecting your face)4) There is a go-backward touch-button at the bottom right corner of the phone. It can be accidentally activated easily.5) Holding the phone to take picture is difficult. It is because of the positions of the lens, flash light, buttons and touch-buttons. On top of that, the camera body is thin, smooth and round-cornered.6) The focusing speed is slow for taking video. When the subject is close to the camera and the subject is not totally stationary, the focus may be out at times.

This phone does not meet my payment method. Instead of saying 4G it says 3G all the time on my phone. This phone started getting slow very quickly, and it hasn't even been a month. Only downfalls but i ike this phone so far.

serves all my purposes. qqqqqqqq qqqqqqqqqqqq qqqqqqqqqqqqqqq qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq qqqqqqqqq;p lkiaherpogb ;likajpdosi qa oipqsaodir[gfoi ;iojp[;oij aoredg[ oi iol[oi  eu [orfig [oqaie  qo

This phone is fantastic, I absolutely love it. Came from the Triumph to this and it's definitely exceeded my expectations! Seller gave great description and item was exactly as it was listed. Would recommend this product and this seller.

The Samsung Galaxy S3 does not live up to it's hype.  The GUI is extremely non-intuitive.  What used to take me one or two keystrokes on my HTC Evo 4G now takes at least 4 or 5 keystrokes.  As with all new tools, I know that sometimes it just takes time to adapt to the new UI but after 6 months of using this dog, I have still not adapted and the only conclusion I can come to is that the GUI is just poorly designed.  The GUI is also VERY slow... for all the hype about how fast this phone is, I was very disappointed... response time from hitting a reply key to the keyboard actually coming up on screen can sometimes take as long as 8 to 10 seconds.  While this seems like a nit, for someone like me that uses their phone a LOT for business, it is extremely annoying.  The phone also performs very poorly on the SPRINT network... Sprint has enough problems with lousy service to begin with but couple this with a phone that has poor network performance and you have a disastrous combination. I generally feel that 2 tin cans and a string would work better.  And last but not least... battery life is pathetic on this phone.  In conclusion... get yourself an HTC!!!  You will be much happier.  I can't wait until I can throw this phone in the trash!!!

The worst for use in the USA. May be good in Europe but not designed for our frequencies. I wish I had known this before but sellers will not tell you this.

Received the phone within the time mentioned..It is sealed box and got everything in order..the phone is excellent..I got the same international version as I asked and shown in the amazon,although now I am using in US but hopefully it will work other part of the world also..but overall it is nice phone and worth to have it ..

I like very much! it is a very powerfull smartphone! i use to have an iphone 4s, i don't regret of the change!

This phone is great, would have given it a 5 if the battery lasted a little longer; I have to charge it everyday :( Got the product in good time too.

I am amazed at the power of the Galaxy S3, it is based on Android, and Android was based on Linux, and Linux based on Unix!It is as flexible as a PC, you can just drag and drop any files to it, like a Windows environment, and it works great, videos, music files, no need to use itunes like Iphone.You can add almost any program or app to suit your needs like the Windows environment, completely free from the Google Play, I spent more than $1000 for apps for my Iphone, and I got the same apps free from Play.The only negative side is there are fewer games for the kids, the are more games available for Iphone.The processing speed is faster, load faster in Flipborad.You also save in storage, because adding a 32 g. sd card is just about $30, instead of paying $200 more for a 64 g. Iphone.

this phone is awesome from the exterior to the OS.  I have a Mac book, a iPad 1, and 2, my wife, son, and me have iphones 4s.  love the apple products but I have to say Samsung destroys the iPhone.  it has a better graphics, interface, and you can do more things with the Galaxy 3s that you can't do on the iPhone.  you just have to test it out for yourselves guys.For me guys if you would ask me what computer do i back. Easy Mac Book.  what mp3 player? Easy iPod.  What tablet? Easy iPad. WHAT PHONE? EASY SAMSUNG GALAXY S3

I got this phone the day it came out. and have yet to be disappointed! I switched to the Galaxy S3 when my Droid x2 broke due to over heating in a car. The x2 was not a slow phone, but compared to the Galaxy S3 I dont know how I ever used it.Performance:With the 2gb of RAM and the Dual-core 1.5 Ghz CPU This this is really fast. I have never had any hesitation or lag when using it. Switching screens and using custom launchers. or playing games. there is no slow downs or hang ups.Screen:the screen is superb, I watch netflix and YouTube on my Phone all the time and compared to a lot of other phones that I have had / or seen The Samsung Galaxy S3 is amazing.Sound:While I have noticed that on certain videos (YouTube) the sound quality is poor, but I think that is the video at fault more than the phone. on all other videos the sound is clear, and LOUD.Service reception:I am on a plan with 5 other people, So we have a variety of phones to compare with. the reception is on par with all of the other smart phones, but not always as good as the "dumb" phones.Overall:Overall I would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a newer high end phone. In fact I have recommended this phone to numerous people who most of them purchased it after playing around with mine. I have not heard one single complaint about the phone at all everyone I know that has the Samsung Galaxy S3 loves it (even from my friend who switched from an Iphone to the Galaxy S3)

The phone I got was rooted and won't accept any OTA updates. I tried un-rooting it, but it still won't update to the latest OS. Straight Trading, Inc.'s solution is for me to either send it back for replacement, leaving me without a phone or buy a new one that they claim will not be rooted and I'll be able to update, then send mine back for a refund.

very nice i recomend it, great phone for every day use. and work on may GSM carrie.... amazed, great pics

if I like but not the I9300 but I received it in excellent condition thanks for everything... to the next will be to buy the i9300 or ought..

I am very satisfied with the product really what I expected. It has all the features I needed and also for a good price

battery runs down very quickly without having anything running and needs to be charged daily......some apps were locked and had to be unlocked....other than that great phone....*thus far*

This trash can't even pick up phone calls. thanks for kind person who posted video on youtube my wife finally managed to answer my call: using both hands. how you suppose to do that when you driving or have children to hold with one hand. this is my last purchase ever from samsung.

I really love this phone. I am still learning about everything that it will do. It guides you through all the features as you open each one. Sound quality is excellent and the data streaming works very well. My only complaint is that the volume on the alarm clock could be louder. This can be fixed by downloading ringtones for alarm clocks.This is perhaps the best investment that I have made in a long time and would recommend this phone to  anyone. Thank you Samsung for a excellent product.

Have to admit, the screen's much bigger than I expected.  Very powerful phone, everything runs smoothly on it, only compliant I have is the option and back button on the phone is waaaay too sensitive.  I can bear with it though :)

I studied up on this phone before i purchased, phone showed up on time, but as soon as i turned it on i started noticing things. The international version has a FM radio mine did not, okay i can look past that, then it says the phone is modified and i cannot do software updates!!! i checked the IMEI number on IMEI.info and find out its actually a T-mobile T999. I'm so angry now i have to wait to return this then wait to get something else. Beware of this seller.

I recived a NOT UNLOCKED phone, Its not a International Version, its a Vodafone Portugal Version without Unlock, Please I need contact with us and i need answers about that! Very Very disapointed.

The phone is designed to work in another country. So technically I was glad that distinguishes a great phone to buy it. Now is my language.

SLOW!

I've had this phone for a month now. I was blown away by its design, speed and overall performance. I find this the best phone I have used yet between my Galaxy Note, Galaxy Nexus, iPhone 4 and iPhone 3gs. I can provide very specific answers if anyone has questions. I want to but I am resisting writing a 5 page review about this gorgeous phone. There are slight issues but nothing that detracts from the usability or performance.Ask me questions if you want.

This phone is pretty good.  However, one of the features that DOES NOT WORK WELL is the ALARM.  On at least two occasions, I have set the alarm properly only to have it fail.  IT DID NOT GO OFF.  Needless to say, this is very, very frustrating. It also messed up my morning.

so far it's the best phone I've ever had. All you can do with it, depends on your imagination and little skills!!!

love the phone but wasn't unlocked, it was brand new and it works with my network so I'm happy about that

The phone connection is really bad both the phone connection to call and the wireless connection.  I went to the real samsung Service center in Indonesia and they say that it is a fake one. so DONT BUY FROM THIS SELLER YOU WILL BE UPSET WITH THE PRODUCT.

Well I got this phone long time ago but finally I'll write a review when I got the phone I was excited it was just perfect boxed everything was good when opened it was brand new but had a little really little damage near the volume button but it doesn't matter.Shipped on time.Awesome seller!

First of all, this phone is fast and slim, I really like the physical home button and the screen size. I was surprised that none of you guys care about how bad the screen is, the Amoled is tooo harsh, it is like some light blinking to your eyes and you get eye sore right away. color temperature is too cold (a white background is always blue), trust me, you will never see white color with this phone unless you get the white color body one and look at the phone itself, and there is no option to adjust it. color saturation is way too over, it means what ever you see in the screen is overly colored. I cant even read something with this phone for over 2 minutes. enough for the screen, this phone is all about plastic, when I was opening back cover, it felt like it is gonna break any second. this phone is way over-priced.

Great phone,one of the best ever!Love everything about it!5 stars for a reason!!realy exelant thanks!going to be a hard one to beat

i bought the s3 primarily because of the hype for its camera, which in itself was responsible for my disappointment in this cell, because of one major flaw in its design - you simply can't turn off the deafening 'shutter' sound. it's a minor explosion, and alerts everybody within a considerable that you are ... snapping. stealth photography is out of the question and might generate some animosity on the subjects' part. quality of the pictures is fair, and there is no stabilizer. hit rate is low.that majour letdown heightened my disposition to find further faults in the machine, which i certainly did, namely:- the battery drains quicker than the cell charges, especially with wi-fi on. 4 hours of battery life? that's pretty miserable i think.- the swipe method of writing is a joke by its uncannyness to unlearn languages - english both uk and us, and portuguese. no matter how much you have to input letter by letter to 'remind' it of a word often used, be sure it will forget it. writing becomes a frustratingly slow act, and even dangerous : the only words the cell seems to be able to remember are the four-letter variations; be sure to review before sending! 'smartphone'? this is a stupidphone if ever there has been one.- writing an email transforms the screen space into chaos - too many little pull-downs appear, and after three lines of text your mail is engulfed by the keyboard, and despite the preview button its anyone's guess what you're writing behind that keyboard. when you're sufficiently lost to the cell's content where is that send button?! behind some other crap.- gmail is hyper sensitive to the touch and the slightest brush of the tip of your finger can open some unwanted email when you're scrolling, or add a star, mark as important, etc. there is no user sensitivity setting that i'm aware of, despite having searched. other user programs are not affected and remain usable. gmail is not within this setting's jurisdiction.- the phone's ringtones are extremely tacky with titles like 'ocean mist' , or 'mystical awakening' , 'tinkling pond', with melodies and such that are exactly what the titles suggest  - an embarrassment. the only usable rintone is a beep-beep. there is a single beep, which is unusable because it's just a single beep.on the bright side , the processor zips along; it's fast! the design is nice, and the screen quality is delightful.these latter pros don't keep me from marking this as a two-star. too many bugs, design flaws, and woah, the 600-dollar price tag? i've been kind with two stars and not one.

This phone is excellent. More than exceeded my expectations. I love the versatility of it. It's a sleek and very light phone. Easy to use and understand. Thanks much for the great service.

Very responsible, I have already bought two times with 100% and meets your expectations ... Phone 100% original ... He fulfilled the day of delivery!

The phone was advertisdwed as &#34;internationa unlocked, which it was not!! Howevwer the seller FGS Trading was very helpfull as to extending the unlock to all international for wehich they claim they had bought the pjhone, and I am now starting to use it and familiarize myself with the features.

My relationship with the Samsung Galaxy S3 has so far been a fairly good one. It runs circles around my iPhone 4 speed wise while browsing the web on the go, the screen is a really nice size for browsing and video chatting, and there is no lag when unlocking or swiping from screen to screen. The battery life is fairly decent getting a full days use with moderate email, web browsing, text messaging, and Pandora listening.There are a few gripes I have with this device. Let me start out by saying that I am extremely careful with my electronics, I hate cases because I feel like they cover up the true beauty of my new gadgets so I like to leave them bare. The Galaxy S3 is very easily chipped and scratched. While the screen stays scratch free my main gripe is with the backside and especially the bezel. Both get marred extremely easily. The back can be easily replaced with a new Samsung back to make it look like new, but once the bezel is marked your screwed.I also have to say that I have some call quality trouble. If I hold the phone flat to my ear the person on the other end of the line struggles to hear me. I have found that I have to hold the phone at an angle away from my mouth, this feels really unnatural and I can easily forget to do it, which results in me having to repeat things when I realize the person on the other end thinks they have lost me. It is VERY frustrating!As far as the android system goes if you have previously had an iPhone you will find yourself feeling like a kid in a candy shop when you get around to customizing the S3. But like a kid in a candy shop, you will also find yourself not caring after you have had the phone for a few weeks.Another HUGE issue is the key pad. I am a huge text-er and I have yet to find an onscreen keypad on a phone that rivals the iPhone keypad. The S3 is VERY responsive but it is still not up to par with the iPhone. I get pretty frustrated when typing long emails or texts, as they need allot of correcting after I am done. The auto correct is awful and I recommend that you turn it off if you don't want to throw your S3 in a frustrated rage.Overall if your wondering if you should get this phone I think you should decide what is most important to you. If web browsing is your thing, then the S3 is a good choice because of its bigger screen and lighting fast speed.I am happy using this phone until my contract is up in a few months, I don't think I love it so much I will want to use it beyond that. In my opinion I like the iPhone better, its OS might be stale and boring, its screen might be extremely tiny, and its 3g speeds lagging far behind the S3's 4G, but its smoother, simpler, and more reliable and in my opinion sturdier and better made to hold up to scratches and dings.Overall the S3 is one of the best phones available on the market, it is a phone that will do whatever you need it to do well. Picking a phone these days all comes down to personal needs and preferences.

The beginning of this review cover elements other than the phone itself... If you would rather not read that, just skip to the next dotted line. I hope this review helps.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I know that there are alot of bogus reviews for both iPhone and Galaxy s3 saying that the one is better than the other, when really it's just a biased fanboy trying to sway you one way without any real reasons other than love/hatred for a certain brand. This will not be one of those reviews. I will compare them in some ways, but I will not be biased.To start off I'll just say that my whole family owns iPhones. This includes my mother and sister. I say that because for them, I recommended the iPhone. They are about the farthest things from 'hard-core' smartphone users--my mom especially. They're the type of people that ask where the settings app is and why the phone says 4G at the top. Honestly, Apple designed their smartphone for those people. People that before would've been completely intimidated by smartphones. If my mom owned the Galaxy S3. She would probably only use it for texting as other things would have just been too hard for her. Or I would just have to spend all day explaining to her how to do certain things. This is not to say that the Galaxy S3 is complex. I don't think it is, but I understand how others might. Which leads me to one important thing that really defines my comparison of the two in one sentence.------The Samsung Galaxy S3 can do way more than the iPhone! IF you know how to use it correctly.------- The iPhone is a much simpler phone and appeals to a different audience-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------If you're scared to have a learning curve for your phone, than this is not the phone for you. If you aren't afraid of a learing curve and digging a little deeper to find some goodies in your phone, and just want to get the best phone out there that can power its way through anything you ask it to, THEN THIS DEFINITELY IS THE PHONE FOR YOU.Screen - 10 - The screen is the best in the business. Huge, high pixel density, bright, and rich with color! Nothing can beat this screen.......nothing!Form Factor - 10 - The smooth curves that go all the way around the device make it very comfortable to hold! It's also super thin, which me likey.Build Quality - It may be made of primarily plastic, but this plastic is strong as it's polycarbonate.User Interface - 9.5 - The UI moves very fast and is fully customizable. Android 4.0 is amazing.Battery - 8.5 - The batter is very good considering the load it has to bare, given the screen and super fast processor.Google Play Store - 10 - I have found an app for everything I need with the phone. Plus, some of the games that this phone can run have amazing graphics.Texting - 10 - Considering you can download any keyboard you want from the Play Store, you should find exactly what you want for texting your friends.Calling - 9 - Call quality is good. Simply put.One more thing - I was pleasantly surprised with many features that are baked into the OS. There are so many I can't even name them all but here are a few.1. When in the messaging if you put the phone to your ear it calls whatever contact your texting - very cool2. You can have 4 hand picked apps that you can jump straight to from the lock screen - very useful3. Face Unlock isn't exclusive to the Galaxy S3 but it still is a great feature.There's also many many more!Get this phone, you won't regret it!

I've had the phone less than a year and the battery is horrible. After 2 days of back and forth with samsung support my ONLY option was I could send the battery back and then they would send me a new one. They would not send the new one first. Don't know about you but I don't have a land line so they expected me to be without a phone for over 7 days. This phone may get decent reviews but with so many options out there think twice before going with samsung. If you needsupport...theirs is the absolute worst I've ever dealt with.

It was a plug&play; deal, works fine with Ecuador's cell phone operators.As offered, it complied with color and model. No problems.Great camera specs, until now, apps work with no issues.Another good buy thru Amazon

i have been a blackberry user for years and i must say this phone features blew me away..very user friendly,sleek look,sturdy  and works with the telephone providers in GRENADA..

Excelente producto mi celular es bello,gracias son excelentes vendedoresLes Daria 20 estrellasSeguire comprandoMe gustaria tener sugerencias para comprar accesorios para mi celular

I ordered this phone from FGS Trading and it is perfect, I received it after 4 days and it came in an original Samsung sealed box. I was at first worried that my SIM card from Germany wouldn't work, but after I made it a little smaller, which was super easy (I heard that best buy offers to do that for you or you can Google it) I just waited for it to fully charge and it works just perfect. The app that I use most here in the US is WhatsApp and it thankfully works.Now to the technical stuff, I really have no idea what to say here &#128516;. This phone is a major upgrade for me, since I only had a Samsung Galaxy ACE before. I am super happy that I finally can use more than just 6 apps. The only little dislike I have is that the battery gets quiet warm after using it for several minutes, but it's not really that big of a deal.

The Samsung Galaxy S3 is a horribly made phone. After the second week of owning this phone the screen shattered after falling on my carpet matt floor. A couple months later the phone would not hold a charge more than and hour. I had to buy a new charger because the one that came with the phone stopped working. Last week the phone stopped charging completely. After reading many reviews about the phone needing the charging port replaced by THOUSANDS of different owners of this phone I contacted customer service. Since the screen shattered they would not replace the charging port even though it is obviously a manufacturing error. This company is horrible a phone purchased at $500 they will not even repair. Horrible product cheaply made horrible customer service not willing to admit fault with their own product even though it is well documented all over the internet. Not to mention all the bugs the phone has.

I don't know if I got a bum copy or not, but the battery life on my phone is abysmal. Even on airplane mode with everything turned off and brightness down all the way, I'm only getting about 9 hours of life on idle. With cell reception only (and everything else like mobile data, wifi, etc. turned off), I'm getting 7.5 hours on idle. I even tried buying a new battery and I was getting about the same crappy battery life. Occasionally the phone will also turn off randomly, which I assume is due to a bad connection with the battery.The features, display, etc. are nice, but only getting 7-9 hours of juice means this phone is totally useless in its primary function as a phone.

UPDATE(11/4): So I repurchased the SIII shortly after iPhone 5 was announced as I realized that it would still be the best phone available for quite some time. I've had it (again) for just over a month now and I'm absolutely in love with it. I purchased an extended battery that I've also reviewed and it makes this thing a tank for long travel, etc. I don't know whether the firmware was updated or if my charging habits have adjusted but I rarely even use the extended battery getting satisfactory performance from OEM battery nowadays. This is an amazing phone. I also went with the Pebble Blue this time around and that's a much better color in my opinion. Not enough bezel to make the white look as good.ORIGINAL REVIEW: I owned a 16GB White Samsung Galaxy SIII for approximately 28 days before I reluctantly returned it. Previously I had owned an iPhone, iPhone 3GS, and an iPhone 4. So let's talk the SIII.The hardward design is fantastic. The device is super slim and very lightweight. Seeing the phone and it's magnificent screen, you initially think it's going to be very heavy and bulky but it's really light and thin. The plastic backing helps with the weight savings yet doesn't feel cheap or flimsy. The form will simply be too big for some, but for those that really enjoy using a smart phone the massive screen is a dream come true.The Android 4.0 ICS is great and really responsive allowing you to multitask and switch apps like a pro. I've noticed that implementation of some functions is not quite to "Apple standards." I use that analogy not because I think Apple is the gold standard, but because that was my previous experience. For example, the Bluetooth seemed much less relaible skipping much more while using my headphones. Additionally, the device seems to struggle with wired audio as well having playback loss when connected to my car stereo. I will say that I can't be sure whether the issue with these are hardware, firmware, or the particular app I was using. The beauty of Android is that you have more flexibility but that flexibility can make it difficult to identify a culprit when things are not up to expectations. Also some of the stock programs like the email and text message are not great but having Android allows you to easily enough swap them out with many of the free alternatives in the Play Store.The 4G LTE is fast. Amazingly fast. Faster than my home Wifi. A joy to use but I was surprised that you seemingly could not disable it where you were concerned about saving battery.The camera is worthy of point and shoot status taking brilliant pictures.So why on Earth would I return it? The answer is battery life. I'm not techie enough to know whether the battery itself is insufficient or the SW is not optimized to preserve battery. All I know is that the thing just drains in standby, even with all the background apps killed. I didn't think this would be a big deal as I always charge at home and have spare chargers at work and in the car. The last straw was when I fell asleep after a late night charge but without charging overnight. Both times the phone was dead when I woke up. Coming from the iPhone, which has its own battery issues but will usually last through the night uncharged, that was simply unacceptable to be left with a dead phone after only 7 or 8 hours of standby.So as much as I love and want to keep this device (and generally hate Apple as a company), the bottom line for me is that it's a phone first and nothing is worse than a dead phone. I may re-purchase the SIII if some attractive aftermarket battery options become available but for now I had to return it and preserve my phone upgrade for something that gives me a little more juice.

I used a Droid X prior to purchasing this phone. The first thing I noticed is that the call quality is far inferior to my Droid X. Dropped calls have become much more common. I have to say that this seems to not be the case with other Galaxy S3 users. Others have stated they noticed an improvement in call quality. Perhaps my phone is defective.Otherwise, my phone works fine. The sharpness of the display is really impressive and the speed of the device is amazing. Navigating the phone, installing and uninstalling apps as well as downloading over WiFi are all blazing fast. The most noticeable feature has got to just be the size of this thing. It's pretty big as far as smartphones go. It works fine for me but it could be a little awkward if you have small hands. smartphones have beeen getting bigger and bigger but I think the Samsung Galaxy S3 is about the limit. A phone much bigger than this will just be difficult to use as a phone.

Got the phone less than a week ago and already having trouble with it. Powers off randomly, unable to play videos, unable to make/receive calls and cannot access voice mail. It worked fine for the first few days. Terribly disappointed.

I had a friend buy this phone for me. My phone plan is with gci and i have no data network. When i went to the gci store they had said that the settings for the carrier isn't in the phone. I have no idea what to do.

Love your Galaxys, Samsung. Wonderful indoors, but please PLEASE increase screen brightness for outdoors.  My S3's display (and probably the Note II too) even at full bright is pretty useless in the sun, at best dull in the shade.  A shame because Galaxys just beg to be shown off at beaches, picnics, sports events, nearly every sun-drenched activity. Yes, turn it up at battery expense! Users can turn down brightness to conserve power as necessary, or replace the battery with a spare. A brighter screen would certainly be a vast improvement. Why is max brightness only half that of the iPhone 5 (whose nits output is reportedly nearly double that of the S3)? Really handicaps an otherwise superior product!  Sure, LED screens may be technically brighter than AMOLED.  But in a side-by-side comparison, my new S3 is not as bright as my older Fascinate/Galaxy S (How did that happen?).  Would be really helpful to get a firmware update for a higher max brightness on the S3, and make all future Galaxys noticeably brighter. Don't you think that would really make your excellent smartphones clearly stand out from the competition?

The galaxy SIII I bought doesnt have any of the features the real one has. It also lags and turns off on its own.

To start off, I have only owned IPhones in the past. I love Apple's mobile and tablet offerings because of their hardware and user experience. As Google has improved its mobile operating system, I kept seeing friends and colleagues using them; but like most Apple fan boy's, I dismissed Google based products as being inferior. That all changed when phones with larger screen sizes started coming to market. I love larger screen technologies. I like my T.V.'s big, I like my computer screens big, and, most recently, I now have a cell phone that fits the bill in the size department. The large screen attracted me to the phone. Once I started playing around with the phone at the store, I noticed the sophistication and beautifully integrated user interface of the Android operating system. Without larger screen offerings, I would have never been shaken out of my Apple fan boy apathy.This brings me to the Samsung Galaxy S III. Not only has this been the phone that I was waiting for (and didn't even know it), but it has completely changed my perception of what a cellphone could be. The S III is fast (4G capable, I'm on AT&T;), aesthetically breathtaking, and amazingly light in weight (thanks to the AMOLED screen). It comes with the "ice cream sandwich" version of the android operating system (I can't wait for the next iteration, "jelly bean"). The interface is vastly more sophisticated than the IPhone operating system interface. Quite simply, the IPhone interface has far fewer options for customization and user experience. You get a plethora of more options on the android platform. The user experience on the S III is far superior to the IPhone.I have now started to look at other Android phones out there on the market. There are very few with the specs and the screen size of the S III. The only other manufacturer of Android phones that I like is HTC. But I think that right now, for the money, Samsung makes the best smartphone on the market with their Galaxy series. If you have a two year contract that's about to expire or you are new to the smartphone world, you owe it to yourself to take a look at the Samsung Galaxy S III. Because of this phone, my eyes have been opened. I will forever look at all offerings out there in the future and not be blindly obedient to a particular manufacturer. So thank you Samsung and Google. Thank you for showing me everything that a smartphone can be.UPDATE. After using the Samsung Galaxy S III for over three months, the larger screen is not worth the hiccups that the Android operating system has. I discovered, rather quickly, that Android has trouble with even the simplest of features. For all the functions that the Android community touts on these phones, the operating system just doesn't get any of them right. It takes several screens to get to some of the basic functions, which rarely work due to system crashes and buggy behavior. Most of the apps in the Play store are of inferior quality without any safeguards to speak of. Malware is rampant in the ecosystem. I have had to factory reset this phone over twenty times. Unacceptable. The phone itself is cheap plastic and when you push on the screen to navigate, sometimes you can hear the screen backing make a popping sound.What was my mistake? Moving away from Apple. That was a huge mistake. The screen size on the Galaxy S III was the hook, and I fell for it. I have since ordered the iPhone 5 and I will never leave Apple again. I now realize I wasn't an Apple fan boy, I just got used to the superior quality and user experience of their products.

I have had many phones from many brands, I'm one of those technology addicts, and  I have found that the Galaxy S III, is one the best phones yet, is fairly fast, I like the size is not to big as the Note, not pathetically small as the Blackberry, but just perfect for me. I would definitely recommend it, Just be careful not to drop it it is quite delicate.

the phone just worked one month... then turn off and not turned back on... I had to contact samsung directly but the product warranty does not apply

My Galaxy S3 is from Verizon, not the international version. My previous phone (and main reference point) was the original Droid, which had served me pretty well.  I'd been following the hype about the Galaxy S3's release for months, and in my experience--after a bump in the road or two--it's met my expectations.First, I had upgraded to the Razr Maxx initially, and returned it to get the Samsung because of the Samsung's better specifications that may translate into faster speeds.  My biggest concern was whether I'd regret the loss of the Razr Maxx's massive battery, and when I discovered during the first two weeks of use that my Galaxy S3 was draining rapidly on standby, I was not happy at all.  After being fully charged, leaving it unused overnight (but unplugged) would drain 35% of the battery by morning.  I applied the battery-conserving features, to no noticeable effect. I installed the Juice Defender app, to no noticeable effect.  I called Verizon tech support many times, receiving wildly different responses, from "that's normal" to the reasonable suggestion that I install the Phone Info app, allowing me to turn off 4G reception  at night.  All to no noticeable effect.  I called Samsung twice.  No help.I finally removed an app or two, stopped the unwanted Backup service, and played around with the phone and, suddenly, no more draining.  If I leave it unplugged overnight, I'll lose only 5-10%, which is reasonable since it does receive emails and flash LED lights, etc. I wish I knew exactly what solved the problem, but it's a mystery to me (and apparently Verizon and Samsung as well).  Bottom line: I've yet to come close to running out of juice after a full day's use.The phone itself is well-designed.  Although the screen is quite large, it  causes no problem in my pocket and I don't find it difficult to grip or manipulate. It's slim, and reasonably sturdy--although not quite as solid as the Kevlar-backed Razr Maxx, it's not cheap-feeling. With Ice Cream Sandwich it has a variety of clever functions, including one that keeps the screen on as long as it detects someone looking at it (if you want it to), a good 8mp camera (plus a forward-facing camera for video chatting) that snaps pictures immediately and will take bursts of shots (if you want it to), the ability to edit videos you take, automatic dialing of contacts that you're texting, and so on.  It all works pretty smoothly (although the Facebook interactivity is poor for some reason).The phone can be very fast, at least when 4G LTE is available, which isn't a given even if there's 4G service in the area--it varies from moment to moment. Don't expect instant page-loading all the time. But this isn't any different from any other phone.The phone, for the moment, seems to be the state of the art.

This phone was perfect for the need I had for my daughter who is going to school internationally.Change this setting to NO WORDS or ONE!!!!!!

This cell does not work in my country is reported for theft, I came without IMEI code and for that reason does not recognize any SIM. Besides the battery does not work, takes 16 hours to charge and 1 hour to download. The charger broken wine, wine party cable. In conclusion, the cell is constructed, and does not serve in any country. They stole (from Venezuela).Este celular no sirve, en mi pa&iacute;s est&aacute; reportado por robo, me vino sin c&oacute;digo IMEI y por esa razon no reconoce ning&uacute;n tipo de SIM. Aparte la bateria no sirve, tarda 16 horas para cargarse y 1 hora en descargarse. El cargador vino roto, el cable vino partido. En conclusi&oacute;n, el celular es reconstruido y no sirve en ning&uacute;n pa&iacute;s. Me robaron (Desde Venezuela).

Bought it as per a request from a friend in another country - his first one was stolen - so I guess many people likes it(?)

This movil have been the most amazinf phone tha I have! It have all that I need. Beautiful and perfect to me.

First, this is a review of the US version of the phone.  I tried to put a review up on the US version, but Amazon wouldn't let me.  So hopefully this helps out people deciding to get the US version of the phone.  In case people are wondering this is for the Sprint network.The US version of the phone differs as it has a Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Processor with 1.5 GHz Dual-Core CPUs, while the the rest of the hardware specs are the same as the international version.I switched from an HTC EVO 4G to get this phone and so far it's been great!  Here are the things I like about the phone:* The phone is a nice size, it's lighter than my HTC EVO 4G.* The processor is one of the fastest US released Android phone, and it comes with 2 GB of RAM.* I played around with the camera and video camera and the quality is great in my opinion.  (I'll post some pics or a video later.)* The ICS 4.0 is really snappy and it opens up applications quickly.* It comes with Google Wallet.  I signed up and got a free $10 to use.  (I'm going to McDonald's to test it out!)* I've only use the S Voice application a few times, but it seems to be just like Siri on my wife's iPhone 4S.* It comes with a micro SD slot in case more space is needed to save pictures, videos, etc.* You can change out the battery if needed.* Battery life last twice as long compared to my HTC EVO 4G.Now for some cons:* This is carrier related and not the phone itself, but there is no 4G LTE on the Sprint Network.  Other networks such at AT&T; and Verizon should be better, but I'm stuck with 3G speeds for now.* The phone is so nice, that I baby it all the time!I was on the fence about getting this phone or the HTC EVO 4G LTE aka HTC One X.  The main things that I like over the the Samsung Galaxy 3 over the HTC EVO 4G LTE is that it comes with the Micro SD slot and also the battery can be changed if it ever goes bad.I love this phone! :)

The phone is good but the units sold by the seller are from Europe and you get alot of trouble to download applications because it keeps telling you that the country account does not match the Applications account.  In addition, the charger is also European so it does not work in the standard plug.So but from another seller.

EL PRODUCTO LLEGO CON TODOS LOS ACCESORIOS Y EN PERFECTO ESTADO..EL VENDEDOR FUE MUY PUNTUAL EN LA ENTREGA DEL MISMO...ESTOY MUY SATISFECHA CON EL PRODUCTO ADQUIRIDO ME ENCANTO

I got the S3 yesterday ... the design is STUNNING, the feeling on hands is incredible. The ergonomics makes all the difference. The screen is WONDERFUL with vivid colours and sharp imaages. Usability is a BOOM.  A very very goodd purchase. Recommended for all ex-iPhone users.

This is my first fancy phone. My old Brigade died and they do not make it anymore. So, I finally went with the white SG3.At first, this phone will put you in tears learning how to use it.For example, how to actually answer a phone call. We hit every button, every knob, everything. We even tried yelling at it, "answer phone." The instructions were of no help nor was Verizon. The first tutorial on the phone did not address how to answer, only how to call. Finally, the third tutorial told us how to answer it. You put your finger on the green phone button and swipe it toward the middle of the phone. Took two days to figure this out.Another example, how to transfer old ring tones or download them. We followed every direction on Verizon, but the directions and what is on the screen are not even close to matching. It told me it downloaded and installed but no one could find it. So, I went to Verizon again. A huge team of Verizon scientist gathered around could not figure it out. Finally, the Verizon Certified Jerk went to a website, downloaded another ring like the one I tried to install, and downloaded to my phone without my permission and told me that is how you do it. Finally, they told me they did not know how to work it. I left unhappy. You must hit the orange downloaded message more than once even though it tells you it was downloaded and installed.All these initial things aside, the phone is great. You can do custom fields on almost everything. One of the best calendars I have ever used. The camera is freaking awesome. The phone is light weight and nice in appearance. You can pull your finger from top to bottom and it will list all the parts you can turn off and on, such as 4G, WiFi, Bluetooth, etc. Quick and easy.This is the first electronic device that can actually understand my southern accent with the voice commands on SVoice. I just tried it for fun and said, "call mom.' It immediately called my mother. I tried it again thinking that was a fluke, and said, "text S**S**" and it went to that screen. I was able to send a detailed text with unique words easily.The ring tones on this phone absolutely suck. They are all made for females or kids. I do not want Twinkle Toes (not a real ring tone but that is what they all sound like) as my ring tone. Not one ringtone for a man unless it is a man that likes Twinkle Toes.Overall, at first this phone might drive you nuts trying to figure it out but once you overcome that, it is a great phone. A lot of thought went into the ability to customize this phone, even some of the most minor details.

I would recommend this cell phone to any one who can afford it.  It is quiet a nice looking phone.

excellent highly recommended, and the product arrived just in time thanks you! are very responsible and trained thanks you for all

I've had this phone for about a month and I just started using ADW Launcher with ChompSMS to give a unique look to my phone and when I am browsing the app list, it is very slow to scroll back and forth and sometimes it doesn't even load the pictures and text of the apps sometimes and I have to exit out and then the ADW Launcher stops responding and I have to reset the default as being the ADW Launcher.I haven't tried any other launchers yet but one thing I do LOVE about this phone is how you can install apps directly from the play store on your tablet/laptop/desktop. Just visit play.google.com and click "install" as long as your tablet/phone is compatible with the app you can install it directly from your laptop/tablet/desktop. It is very easy to use.The audio is nice. I don't have any complaints about it. It doesn't have beats audio but it sounds like it does. /coming from someone who hasn't really used beats on anything but her laptopBefore I purchased the product, I saw it in a T-Mobile store and new I wanted it. It was so sleek and the screen was so big. The little card that T-Mobile has really explained all I needed to know when I got it. I wish I knew how cool android was before this but I would have gotten this phone anyway. Hahaha.*********IMPORTANT-- I tried to buy it unlocked from AT&T; on eBay but when I went to go use it my sim card was too big so I went to a T-Mobile store and used one of their sim cards made for the phone to make sure it worked and it only got EDGE service. I was not able to get 4G. I knew I should have gotten 4G where I was standing because one of the T-Mobile agents had the Galaxy S3 in white (version I got) for about a week and I held them side-by-side. So, just beware of the seller's return policies when it comes to unlocked phones. I didn't think this would happen but now I know. I was able to buy it brand new from T-Mobile that day but I would have been SOL otherwise.**************The default TouchWiz launcher is what the phone is made for and everything runs extremely smooth using that launcher. I have used up 12.05GB of my 16GB white version of the phone. I have 1.81GB in apps (about 50-60 apps; if I have more then wow! hahaha), 3.56GB in Pictures & Videos, 20KB in Audio (about 15-20 songs; just chose the one's I liked the best from iTunes), 24.54MB in Downloads (saved screenshots; instagram images, etc.) and lastly 6.02GB of Free Space. I have not purchased a MicroSD card as I do not have the money to do that yet but I plan to purchase at least one 32GB MicroSD card to open up more space. Once I do that, I may root the phone but I am afraid I will break it.Overall, the phone is perfect. I don't really have any demands or anything that I would like to change about the phone except the battery life. It doesn't last as long as I would like it to without using the app 2X Battery but if I have to use an app and an extended battery that is fine with me.

As far as the phone is concerned, everything worked and the instruction accompanied was very clear and informative. I will buy from this company in the future.

Galaxy S III very good for all kind of mobile uses. easy to heandel. sound system is perfect. good photo quality.

After using iPhone4S, galaxy S2, galaxy Nexus, I am sure that this is the best choice of smartphone.If you have any doubt, go with it!You'll not regret!

Excelente producto, recomiendo esta tienda 100%, y mas aun si es para usarlo en Venezuela, es totalmente liberado y no tiene ningun problema con las bandas de movistar o movilnet, se los recomiendo ampliamente... Vino todo lo que decia, nuevo de paquete sellado y original... Saludos

save yourself time and agony do not buy this phone. its slows down.partial freeze ups its clunky not at all user friendly and such a pain to use. bought it before i left the country for a month and now i can wait to get home an return it. my 5 year old i phone is a thousand times better than this.who likes this phone some tech guy or somebody who likes the first windows os that ceashed all the time?

I purchased this phone after nearly a year of careful study.  This is my first smart phone (moving from a pre-paid only, flip phone ... yeah, I took a while to get into mobile phones as well).  After nearly a month of exhaustive use, I like it.  It has sufficient power and storage to be viable, and it meets my needs for a smart phone ... that is, a hand-held computer which also serves as a wireless phone.I am not wild about the interface.  In a slate format with a touch screen I don't know how it could be much better.  But the touch screen interface is loaded with difficulties in day-to-day operations.  Some of the better apps have adequate work arounds to address the worst problems, but some of the apps are cumbersome to operate.  For example, most of the music players and playlist editors are designed around the viewpoint of someone who plays only live streaming music and occasionally adds a song to a &#34;favorites&#34; playlist.  My audio library, which consists of thousands of tracks has proven quite tedious to load into the phone and I haven't a good way to create playlists yet.What's missing is a good app that essentially enables the USB cord to make the phone mount as an external storage device.  Although several claim to do just this, in reality only a few file system operations are provided.An annoyance is the number of Google-provided apps which come preinstalled on the phone and cannot be removed.  Their icons can be deleted from everything except the apps menu, and updating of these apps can be prevented, but you must live with them on the phone.  This form of &#34;push marketing&#34; of software is not appreciated.One feature yet to be tested -- but about which I have little doubt -- is the international versatility.  Technically I've read it is a simple matter of purchasing a new SIM card in other countries and putting it into the phone.  I am confident this will work, but haven't had a chance to test it yet.  Given that it does, it will be wonderful.  After taking the time to learn the interface and software it will be great to use the same handset wherever I travel.A caution to prospective purchasers: plan on taking some time to properly learn how to use this device.  That's a natural consequence of the power and adaptability.  The basic telephone interface is simple, but the contacts list has some learning curve.  The wide variety of Android apps which can be obtained is a good thing, but the other side of that coin is it means you might have to try two or three parallel apps which do the same thing, to find the one that works best for you.  It's not difficult to learn how to search for apps, and does not take long to install (or uninstall) them, but it does mean you have to work at it a little while.Overall a good purchase value.  (Yes, the Galaxy 4 is out, but I went with the 3 series on the time-tested thought that by buying one model out you can get a lower price.  If I continue to enjoy using this machine, I expect I will eventually upgrade, purchasing each new model shortly after its successor becomes available.)

Many of you are probably wondering: Should I get this phone or the iPhone 5?I just recently purchased this phone, and let me tell you, I am so happy with it! I love how you can customize your phone to where its unique and just yours. Of course, if you have smaller hands it might be a bit hard to use the phone with one hand! But it isn't too bad. The screen is vibrant, but its better on the iPhone when faced with sunlight. Also, there may be a bit more games on the iPhone, but not to fear google plays catching up :P It all depends on which type of phone you want. The iPhone is super user friendly and I love it too :) but you can't customize it nearly as much as this phone.iPhone ProsBright screenUser friendlyNeatGreat appsBEAUTIFUL design :)cons:a bit small (but that's my opinion haha)not as many customization optionsuser interface is a tad borings3 Prosbig screen :)nice screen (not as nice as I phone though since the pixel density is a bit lower)nice comfortable designthe awesome features it comes with ex: sbeam (it may be a bit gimmicky for some but I enjoy it :) )live wallpapers!!consnot as many cases :/you can't really see the screen when it's a bright daythe camera is very slightly worse than the iPhonemight be hard to use with one hand for someI know this was a ton to read but I hope it helped! Both phones are great :) Good luck!

I get the phone with a blow to the screen, it takes long to review the purchase, but did not know how to use the parts of replicas of its website, I am very disappointed that the phone has a knock in the middle of the screen, wuld considers to buy a cell phone with you

Excelent product, i realy like so much, is like saw on the especification and whith all the accesories, im from venezuela and it funtion whith all the operators

I bought this smartphone for my wife, and she is very happy with it, the phone is very nice and the shipment was ok.

excellent product thanks fulfilled the expectations, as recommended on page,I'm in love with my product is beautiful, thank you very much again

I got this phone because the iPhone 5 was such of a let down!I am so happy that i made this decision! I am now an android fan for life!Buy this phone, you won't regret it!!!

I just got mine less than a month ago,i treat this phone like a baby, no letting it fallputting covers to protect itthen all of the sudden the phone stops workingthe digitizer is broken.im really angry with this product. what kind of phone breaks withless than a month using it??!

After 6 months it won't accept a charge.  It is still under warranty, I sent it back to Samsung and they will not fix it. I am now stuck with a broken phone.

DESERVES NEGATIVE STARS. Product was billed as NEW. Product did not work. After shelling out 300$ a piece for two of them and only receiving ONE (fortunately Amazon corrected the problem), the one we DID receive was unable to charge at all.If not for a local store in Reynoldsburg, with a very knowledgable man who not only fixed the phone, but offeed a warranty on his work, AND showed me inside the phone proof that it was in fact, NOT NEW, but a refurbished phone (and cleaned wrong, using something with a burr on it that damaged the inside & a screw was missing where is was thrown back together for selling)...we'd be even worse off.So basically, what was billed as a brand new phone was actually USED, I ended up all told paying about 350$ for it, after being horribly misled by the seller - who needs to be held accountable. ASavings is possibly the worst company I've encountered in at least 10 years of shopping with Amazon.Amazon should bar this seller from their site for good.

Excellent graphics, great screen, is quick and affordable, a little large but light, i recommended this mobile, ok ok ok

This is a great phone with awesome specs. I bought a zerolemon battery and rooting it to install SlimBean; plus points for customizability ease.

The device itself works for the most part the bugs are a pain. You can't move picture files around between folders. The alarm goes off and when you hit the off button or the snooze button, it ignores you. When you get an incoming call, it ignores you when you go to answer it (assuming that the BIG GREEN button on the screen is for answering the call). Texting and emailing is a nightmare. I had a BlackBerry 9900 that was 10 times better in this respect. The autocorrect functions are a total pain in the but and you cant move the cursor on the screen without a struggle..I miss my BlackBerry.But it does take nice pictures and movies. It's browser works well. And there are a million apps out there that you may or may not use.

It is tbe best smart phone that I have had. I liked the design and the size. it is very comfortable when you hold it. The reason why I like this device is because it has inspired by the nature, and the rebel effect on the screen is great. In addition to the HD screen which makes watching movie more clear.

Great. Thank you. Soon i'm gonna buy some electronic stuff.

Awesome phone, I bought this phone for my sister and she is extremely happy with this... I pleased with Amazon.

I absolutely love my new phone! The features are awesome and the phone itself is really easy to use. I would recommend it to almost anybody but one thing I dislike is the size but other than that it's a great phone.

I bought this phone for my son, he just love all the features that it has,and it sound very loud and clear.

66% battery and is 1am since this morning, ;) I dont know what the people are talking about battery,Its the best phone ever! Powerful and android ICS and soon jelly bean, sorry iphone fans.....I have otter box case to protect it and I drop it twice already :)Update: from 6:00am to 3:45pm 90% battery using easy battery saving app, moderate use messages, wifi and some calls...Good call quality and a lot of free apps from google play, samsung app store and amazon app store I am not using my tablet anymore, this is itThe best phone....period.

This phone was reported lost or stolen by a tmobile customer, could not get any service in the U.S because of tht

I bougth my s3 about 4 weeks ago and the charger doesn't work anymore. I call Samsung for replacement since is under the 1 year warranty. David, a manager at Samsung USA gave me the most rediculous solution:1- Samsung will send you by e-mail a ahipping label to ship your charger for a inspection. It takes about 5 business days to arrive here.2- it will take around 3 bus. days for the thecnician find the problem and if we can not fix it will send you a new one. It will take about 1 week to arrive after we ship it.3- When i ask him how i will charge my phone in the mean time, because i need my phone, he suggest me to go and buy i new charger, It will cost you only $30.00. And when i told him that it doesn't make sense if i need to by i new one than why i need to call you to replace it under your warranty, he said "i am sorry but this is the Samsung policy".I can not beleive that Samsung can not stand behind his products, can not provide a new charger that cost them around $2 when i just spend $200 on his piece of junk. The only thing i regret is not listen all the reviews saying that the Samsung S3 is made with very cheap part. Now i know is true and top of that i have to deal with a company that does not have Customer Service.Make youself a favor and stay away of everything from Samsung and save you headaches.Mauricio Rodriuez

NO PROBLEM SHOPPING you folks did a great jobproduct and service was excellenthope you have a merry christmas

This is a GSM phone which works only with ATT and T-Mobile.  Verizon and Sprint use CDMA/LTE systems and are incompatible with this phone. They do not tell you that in the product description.  Don't be fooled by the "Will work with any SIM card in the world" comment.  I use Verizon as my carrier so I had to return this phone and purchase another from Amazon Wireless specifically for Verizon.

I have been using the Galaxy S2 with a Simple Mobile sim card and paying only $40/mo for unlimited talk/text/3G.  The browser loads quickly and the call quality/coverage area is mostly excellent.  I am also able to use it as a hotspot for my iPad and it's great.  But the most amazing part is the PRICE!They also have 4G for $60 but I understand is not compatible with the S3 quad-core.Would be curious to know how the new dual-core Galaxy superphone fares on the Simple Mobile network.

I'm a Sprint user. Yes, the data speeds on 3g are horrid. I thought it was the network, but either this phone is good enough to overcome that, or Sprint actually has been performing upgrades as promised. Just seems so much better with this phone.  When I first saw the specs of the Galaxy S2 (Epic 4g Touch) a year ago, I had to have it. When I first got it, I fell in love with it despite so-so battery life (which was still better than the Evo 4G I was using at the time but that's not really saying much). Coming from an original HTC Evo 4G, which was a pretty good phone for a while, I was amazed at how good the E4GT was. So much faster, lighter, crisp, no lag, etc. I didn't think it would get much better than that. When the Galaxy S3 was announced and I saw the specs, I wasn't too crazy about it. I was looking for a giant quantum leap over the GS2 and this didn't seem to be it. So I figured I'd wait until around Christmas this year or early next year to see what else was out there. I was going to hold out for the possibility of the Galaxy Note 2 for Sprint, but whatever. However, the time came when an unfortunate accident necessitated the possibility of using my upgrade. Even with insurance, my GS2 would've required being sent away and fixed at a cost of $150 (don't ask). So I bit the bullet and upgraded to the GS3. All I can say is that if you're even considering getting the GS3, just do it. DO IT DO IT DO IT!!!!!! I walked out of the Sprint store with a bit of head-down uncertainty, but after a couple of days I am amazed. Even though I upgraded my GS2 to Android 4.0 a week or two bwfore, it's a completely different and better experience on the GS3. I never realized how choppy and grainy the screen of the GS2 was until I saw the glory of full HD Super AMOLED (even with PenTile which was a huge turn-off...or so I thought). I know a few people with the original Epic 4G with the PenTile display and it looked as if you were looking through wire mesh. For this phone, you REALLY have to look to tell. Just wish it was a tad brighter, but no biggie since I live indoors. SO smooth, so many new features to play with! Can't say enough about it. I love switching phones because I'm a gadgethead and love the newest and shiniest "thing", but I hate it at the same time because it takes a while to get your phone just how you want as far as settings, widgets, photos, contacs, arranging home screens, etc. You get a new phone and you have to do half of that stuff all over again.  Don't worry...it's worth the effort here. Samsung has stepped out of the box and made an incredible phone that looks, feels, and performs like nothing else out there right now and they now have a customer for life so long as they keep at the forefront of innovation! Oh, and if you're a "gadget-head" like myself, do yourself a favor and pick up some TecTiles. They're little stickers about the size of a postage stamp that you can program to enable certain functions. I just put a sticker in my car and programmed it to turn on Bluetooth whenever my phone comes in contact with it and it connects to my car automatically without touching the phone. You can stick one on your nightstand and program it to set your alarm and turn off the ringer when you touch your phone to it! How cool?!?!? And you can program and re-program them as much as you want! A little lacking in total functionality for now, but still cool to play with!

Samsung Galaxy S III Commercial Parody:[...]iPhone fans react to the latest Samsung Galaxy feature.Brought to you by the National Foundation of Chicken Eaters and Viewers Like You.

The phone is in good shape but I had to unlock it in order to be able to use it and the battery doesn't work very well, I have to charge it at least twise a day. Also, the phone only came with a charger, no accesories.

Compared to other cells this phone has a bigger screen size, lighter and android runs at a great speed on it. I am very happy with the overall performance

I now own the S4, but honestly, the S3 is awesome enough. The s4 really just has more extras than this one. But this phone works smoothly and the camera is pretty good. Both batteries, along with other smartphones, drain battery pretty quickly. The s3 can last a whole day though. Beats the boring iphone.

The issue of RAM utilization is there in all Samsung phones and just 1gm RAM is not good enough as said by other users too. Even after closing the application RAM will continue to cache the application unless you go to task manager and exit out of all application in order to clear RAM.This is a big concern, since having not enough RAM would impact overall performance of Phone as well as when you are speaking on phone.In this regard -- Quality and performance -- I vote Iphone as they have never compromised on quality.

Buy a cellular sansumg white s3 and sent me one blue.  The purchase order was specified that he bought one white and they sent another color

How I wish there were ZERO stars! I read the reviews and thought the bad reviews about refurbished phones was because they were getting used phones and people just wanted to complain. I decided to buy a NEW PHONE, from MOBILE ELECTRONICS, and received a phone with a scratched and dirty headphone jack (AKA refurbished phone). The front and back covers looked fine, but the bad headphone jack blew the cover. This is really disappointing, and have to warn you all. They will send you a refurbished phone, but they will charge it to you as new. As usual, it's always up to you if you want to buy it or not. In my case I was suuuper happy with that phone until I noticed the headphone jack. Most people probably don't notice this.

Comienzo diciendo que este tel&eacute;fono es muy inteligente, no tiene nada que envidiarle a otra marca, es ligero, la c&aacute;mara funciona excelente, todo funciona bien, la vendedora es muy responsable, porque el equipo llego en perfectas condiciones tal como se mostr&oacute; en las fotos agregadas, no me puedo quejar cuidare mucho el s3.I begin by saying that this phone is very smart, has nothing to envy to other brand, lightweight, the camera works great, everything works fine, the seller is very responsible, because the team arrived in perfect condition as shown in photos added, I can not complain s3 will care much.

I have been putting of this review for quite a while...I honestly LOVE my Galaxy s3 I've experimented with it alot and found alot of amazing things on it. My favorite however, is deffinately the motions. I love them.I ordered from the seller LilyGiftsandMoreAt first there was a shipping problem, (tottaly not her fault) which, as soon as I contacted her, she contacted them and had it fixed right away. She said for the inconveniance she would refund my shipping which I think she forgot to do but I'm not too worried about that because her customer service was amazing.I was very skeptical about buying a used phone online, but it was just as described.Any problem I might've had, I had a quick reply from the seller. I guess this was one of those times where theres just a few problems, (again, not the seller's fault), but everything was taken care of with amazing customer service.I'm deffinately buying from this seller again.

I collect Android devices, and I've used an Android phone as my daily device for 3 years. I own one or more device from HTC, LG, Motorola, Asus, Logitech, and random Chinese manufactures. I have used Touchwiz, Sense, MotoBlur, and other user interfaces. I know a thing or two about these phones.The Samsung Galaxy SIII 16GB (White) on Sprint, is the best device I've ever used. The screen is beautiful and large, the body is slim and has a great feel, the audio sounds great, and the speed of this phone is incredible. The extra NFC support and Touchwiz additions like the amazingly fast camera, and S-Voice are very welcome!My single complaint is the decision to put the power button on the side of the phone where the Volume is on many other phones (including my old Galaxy Continuum).

Although it was a gift for my wife, she is quite happy with the new phone. She already had a Galaxy SII, but she is pretty impressed with the quality and new functionalities developed in the S III. I would definitely recommend this product, there is nothing to lose in comparison to the Iphone 4, in fact in my opinion and also my wife's which has already had an Iphone, the SIII is much better. One other point that I want to highlight, is that the delivery was perfect and happened in the exact day as promised. I'm quite happy with Amazon.

We were very skeptical about buying this phone after reading the tons of negative reviews, They ranged from extremely poor battery life to counterfeit. We bought our first phone on Amazon from  SHOPEBEST , Using AmazonPrime the phone arrived the next day, It came in authentic Samsung packaging and was of the same quality as our retail bought S2's. after a short battery charge i inserted my sim card, changed the apn settings and away i went !! The phone has been rock solid reliable, the battery life is EXCELLENT, twice the life of my former S2. The phone was extremely easy to set up as far as changing the on screen language and time zones.. I was very afraid of this part after reading other reviews, but it was so simple an 8 year old could do it.. Sometimes i wonder what is wrong with these other reviewers, To sum it up the phone is very dependable, has great battery life, 3G works excellent and has a great internal WiFi card. If your tired of paying over $100 a month to the big cell companies, buy this phone and obtain a sim card from the inexpensive companies like straighttalk/tracfone and get unlimited everything for less than $50 bucks a month.. It's a No Brainer !

as a previous owner of iPhone 4S and Galaxy S2 i can say that this phone is in another complete superior league.superb gorgeous 4.8'' HD displaysuper fast 4core Exynos processorsuperb camera and on and on.you wont be disappointing with this awesome device.

TheSamsung galaxy s3 was what I thought a fantastic phone until talking on it outside in the cold and my phone shattered around edges,and a hairline crack on screen. Samsung refused to repair without charge n me. Insurance will not cover it either. They consider this incident a physical damage. These phones do not hold up in cold weather! Warning!!!!!

The product was delivered right on time (I purchased internationally), and the quality of the phone met the expected standard. The accessories are also perfectly functional.I could not keep the phone because it was not compatible with my service. I returned the product, and received my refund from mymobile7 right away.I highly recommend this phone (for what I experienced) and I recommend this Amazon seller.

The Product is Good. Portuguese language  is missing. Please as to Samsung how to introduce it...I will be completed satisfied when I have the language on it

I must say am very annoyed when sellers like bijju lies to their new and potential customers. I purchased a Samsung Galaxy S3 on November 8, 2012 based on there description mainly it stated that the phone was "NEW" box only opened to unlock! That is furthest from the truth. The phone was filled with contact numbers, several whatsapps messages and tons of email.... For a phone that was ONLY opened to unlock!!!. I am truly disappointed and Amazon should have some sort of policies to protect consumers from unscrupulous sellers like "BIJJU".  I live outside the US and the conversion rate to one US dollar is 6.45 do the math and you will see that I spend a lot of money on this phone and all I expected was to get what I purchased a NEW phone! Disgusted.....

Dont know if I am going to buy Samsung S3 or iphone 5. Iphone 5 is nice but it just look like the 4s.

I really love this phone but... its the AT&T model and its locked. I was really expecting the international And unlocked.but I didnt get it that way soo if your thinking this is international (i9300) buy it some where else.

This phone is much better than its successor Galaxy S4 if you compare the price and the form factor. The screen is only as big as should be for a handy phone and contains every feature that matters.I think the incremental changes from S3 to S4 is only to keep the momentum going in the market for the company. There is nothing ground breaking about S4. If you do not have the "latest phone" mania, stick to this fabulous phone.

The cell phone was not unlocked and I had to do it by myself, and it did not have the charger

I am not a fan of iPhone/androids/windows. I am a common phone user who likes technology.S3 has bunch of awesome features. everything has already been told but few things i found after 3 weeks of use...Very high end phone. screen is crystal clear, better than iPhone 5 (don't go with c-net review for screen they got that wrong).-down side is voice mail - if you have multiple voice-mails. You have to go through one after the other unlike iPhone where u can choose which one u wanna listen. (when u r used to iphone for so many years, its really a pain)-poor customer service of Samsung unless u take insurance from your phone provider.(Apple has been great in customer service. if you go to the store, they don't even ask u many question about your insurance if they think the phone is not working. they will exchange it right away. you don't have that option with Samsung).- Battery sucks and it is not as great as they say. its works for me though.-not a mommy/daddy phone unlike iPhone. my dad was never able to get used to it.I like gadgets and used iPhone for 3 years and looking for a change. I totally like my new S3. it needs some getting used to as like with any new gadget or software.Still waiting on Jelly bean update.Update 1/22/13Down from 4 stars to 3Notifications, email interface, ending a call to take an other call are BAD.the email interface is not impressive. some times my emails don't get sent and there is no notification about what happens to them. they just disappear in thin air.when i get a call while talking on phone, when i answer the second call, the first call is not disconnected automatically, and when i try to disconnect it, then both the calls get disconnected. that sucks especially when u have to call some one else or do a conference.Notification system sucks and few apps seem to be spam, where in my phone starts acting weird if i have those apps on my phone.no option of search for "on phone" apps on ur phone, as in, if you have 100 apps on ur phone. u have to search each page to find the app u r looking for. u cannot search for it and find it and click it.may be my problems are more with the software but still the software is in the phone.Update 5/5/2013 now 3 to 2 starsBattery is getting worse, i had to buy another battery and still have to carry charger where ever i go... last of my samsungs

i cant ask more of this phone just perfect! is a great phone compare to other leaders like htc one x or iphone android is just so smooth and give you freedom

I am so happy with this phone. Just got this phone Friday (July 20th) so I haven't tested out all the features. But I still say that it's just amazing and worth every penny. Apple fan boys beware cause Samsung is here to stay. The phone is extremely light and the display is very big and beautiful. The phone does look big at first, however web browsing, reading books and playing games is very easy due to the screen size. In addition after a while you do warm up to the size and it's hard to go back to a smaller phone. In addition the user experience is great.I had read tons of reviews and articles about problems with the battery and mic etc with this phone. However I have not experienced any of these.CNET and other sites published an article about the top 5 problems of the Samsung S3 which some of you maybe aware of...so I'll use the rest of this review to speak on those as well as some of the cons I noticed:***Battery***Battery is great. After charging it for about 4 hours or so and browsing for about 3 hours, downloading games, making several phone calls (over 3 hours in total), taking pictures, playing music and using S Voice; I got over 36 hours and counting on the phone on a single charge. I should note that I did make some modifications however by occasionally turning off WIFI, turning off Bluetooth, syncing and a couple other battery draining options. In addition Samsung has a cool power saving option that helps to maximize battery life.***Microphone***Had no problem. I could hear the other person clearly and they could hear me clearly too. There is also a volume boost option for when you are on a call and what extra volume. Pretty cool if you ask me and it does make a significant difference.***No Overheating***I haven't had that problem at all. Even with a phone case on the phone did not overheat.***Charging***Phone charged perfectly fine. Didn't get stuck or anything. And it also charged very quickly. Probably charged less than 4 hours. Didn't really time it, but after 4 hours it was fully charged.***WIFI***The WIFI connection is great. Signal didn't drop or anything.SOME CONS:1. User Manual and set up - Had some problems at first because the phone came with a printed Spanish manual. But luckily they have the user manual in all languages online and the set up is also pretty easy to follow on the phone. Several programs like S voice also defaulted to Spanish even after setting up the phone with the default language being English.2. Back Cover - Some people did complain about the back cover which I agree could have been designed better as it does give it a somewhat cheap look. However it is easy to remove, clean and who doesn't love a removable battery. I have also seen at least one pic on the web where the back cover was cracking, however I have not experienced this for myself.3. Color Saturation - Another thing is that though the camera takes great pictures, the phone display makes the colors look very saturated when compared to other phones. Will see if there are any options I can select to improve this.4. S Voice - S voice unlike Siri can open up all the apps on the phone and has some other cool features. But S voice can be a little annoying as it doesn't get what you are asking or telling it to do at times (Siri does have similar problems but not as pronounced). It also at times didn't recognize my wake up voice command (Hi Galaxy). If you ask S voice if you need an umbrella it is smart enough to pull up the weather forecast for your area. However I had some difficulty setting an alarm as each time I would say 6:00 am, it would register it as 6:00pm. I eventually got this fixed by changing how I said the command. If you also speak too slowly it doesn't pick up on what you are saying. S voice also isn't as funny or intuitive as other voice recognition tools. If you ask "what sound does a cat make?", it will ask if you would like to Google it rather than just be proactive and google it. The only workaround is to tell it to "search for what sound does a cat make". Not a major game changer; but again if you are expecting S voice to be as perfect as you see those "Andrew" Android straight talk ads, then forget it. Be prepared to repeat yourself a couple times before S voice gets it right. But as annoying as it is, it does make hands free driving and cooking some what easier. Had no problems telling S voice to make calls or send a text.***Please Note***Though the phone has Gorilla glass 2, it doesn't mean the phone is indestructible. Other elements of the phone as with any other device can be damaged from a fall. Therefore I recommend getting a slim soft rubber or silicone gel case to absorb the shock of a fall. I bought an iGadgitz Black Silicone Skin Case Cover with Tire Tread Design. It gave me a great grip and didn't make the phone bulky. Some reviewers stated that their camera lens broke after a fall. The camera lens is not gorilla glass so that can and will break. If you are clumsy like me, get a case!Again don't let the Apple fan boys and haters discourage you from getting this phone. It is a great phone. Do your own research or see if you can go to an AT&T;, Sprint, Radio Shack store etc and actually play with one.=====Update - October 13, 2013=====So I have had the phone for over a year now. And thought I would do an update.Pros:The phone is still working great for the most part and is still ahead of even the latest iPhone. So I made a very good decision there and still love my phone.Cons:* Gorilla Glass has a scratch on it...not really sure how that happened, just noticed it one day. But I am now using a screen protector.* Phone sometimes freezes and I have to take out the battery to get the phone to work normally again. Will try a factory reset if this problem occurs again.

So I bought the phone in white as a Christmas gift for my girl friend. We went to the t-mobile store to get her a new SIM card only to find out that the phone was an AT&T phone. They claim that the phone was new but that was not the case at all. Do not waist the time to purchase a phone here as it is complete bullsh...

wonderful phone, so far so cool, one of the best cellphones it could be appreciate on its dimension. thank you

It's not to often that a phone is actually used for a phone these days, but with the Galaxy SIII ([...]) it works like a charm!I've used this exact version overseas as well as in the USA and its by far the best phone out there right now. We'll have to wait and see how the iPhone 5 turns out I suppose, but I'd imagine this will still top the iPhone!Long live Samsung!!!!

This phone has marvelous features, great camera, and easy to use. But my experience proves that the carrier can make the difference, too many dropped calls and disconnects. Maybe it's best to purchase the phone from the carrier all I know is that I switched to Verizon and chose a different smartphone as a result. I returned my galaxy III and got a full refund. Thank you Amazon.

gave this as a gift to my daughter she absolutely love it!  Now if I could just get her to put it down to clean up:)

Samsung best product.Quad core processor with 1G RAM and 16G Storage.Good:Fast, clear and long battery life.Bad:PriceWi-Fi it stuck after 30 of streaming. To solve this issue you should Turn off and on.Generally:Good product.

I did purchased a Samsung Galaxy S3 last month (Aug'12), the product was fantastic and awesome..I do hope to purchase an Iphone5 next..and suppose to get a nice price from Amazon.com...

The phone was an European version but it is unlocked and I didn't have a problem when I activate it with T-Mobile. I only had to change the language but it wasn't a problem either.

my phone is a copy version of samsung galaxy s3 im not satisfied with the phone i want to reimbursement the phone not working correctly.

(1) One with a quad-core 1.4GHz Samsung Exynos processor with 1GB RAM supporting only GSM carriers (i.e. the "International one")(2) One with a dual-core 1.5GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 processor with 2GB RAM supporting T-Mobile's 42mbps HSPA+, LTE, and CDMA (as appropriate).which one you are selling???

excelente productomuy facil para manipular y la adaptaci&ograve;n del mismo permite que el celular se proteja como era mi intenci&ograve;n

good evening, I am not satisfied with the product I received, first of all the box is not the original and is defective, the team reached me without headphones, no manuals on the use of the phone, the phone looks like a copy of the original or Refurbished , so I require a refund of part of the money I spen

Phone works very well with very good battery life. With moderate to heavy use I can get over 24 hours. Going all day is not an issue.Yes, it is only 3G in order to own the quad core. The U.S. 4G dual cores will be out soon.On WiFi I can download large Flash intensive pages in 2-3 seconds. Faster than anything I have seen. On 3G it appears to be as fast as Sprint Epic 4G Touch (in 3G mode). Maybe the Sprint Galaxy S2 is faster in 4G mode but I haven't tested it against my other phone. The AT&T; 3G is reaching spots where Sprint 3G and 4G were not getting. And as a disclaimer, I am not a fan of AT&T.; Reception seems very good. No dropped calls and it is perfect inside my house (which has been very difficult for almost every other phone I have owned). I have not tested reception extensively.I pay about $140 a month with no contract for service. That is unlimited minutes, unlimited texts and 5GB/mo of data. A bit pricey.There are a couple of things I dislike about the operating system, but it is overwhelmingly an upgrade from Android 2.3.6. The camera is not quite as fantastic as I was hoping for. But maybe that is because the S2 camera is so good, it was hard to improve on it. I am talking about picture quality, not features. The picture quality of my S2 seems better.The notification system is all or none. You get beeped for a text, but also for every new email. Wish that wasn't the case.I really like the S2 screen. There is something about it, the S3 cannot top. I do like the fact the screen is bigger on the S3.One question I had was the charger. It came with a U.S. 110 Volt charger and not the European 220V. That was good to see. It is compatible with Samsung's other chargers.Overall, a fantastic phone. A good upgrade for S2 users with a few caveats. If the S2 was a 4.5 out of 5, then the S3 is a 4.7 out of 5. If you can afford it and have to have the latest and greatest, then this is it.

It nice and work fine and it meet my expectation andI am happy with it thank you I lookin more

I am so happy with this phone. Just got this phone Friday (July 20th) so I haven't tested out all the features. But I still say that it's just amazing and worth every penny. muy bueno !!!!!

I luv the phone...but one of them is giving me problem ....I need to send it back give me a number10

Phone is great except there is no documentation. The one that come with the p[hone is in French. Very awkward to learn how to operate the features.

Too much junks on the phone. They put too many unwanted applications on it and they are not removable. They put too many links at the web browser book marks and they are not removable. I try to remove them and each time it just reenter all the book marks again. Now my browser has thousands of junk bookmarks and they can not be deleted.

The distributor is very good! The phone is amazing, I have no complains on it except the screens is very delicate regarding any kind of shock, hit, knock. I had to change it and it is expensive!! But I must say it is awesome, the phone is just great!!! My only recommendation, get a strong case that will protect it very well!!!

I am a big Android fan. Never had any problems until I purchased the Samsung Galaxy S3. Within 6 weeks I have had 3 of them. Aside from getting many drop calls (Verizon) it WILL NOT work at my office at all. Can not send or receive text and Every phone call I have ever made from my office (which is in a huge service area)will not go through. It always says "no sim card" and/or out of the service area. I can not receive calls either. Additionally, I have had changed sim card 1/2 dozen times. It makes no sense at all. Verizon can't figure it out and Samsung can't figure it out. I am returning it for the 4th time. I'm done with it.... Hope everyone else has better luck. Everything else on the phone is perfect, but what good is a cell phone if it won't allow you to make or receive a call...

Switched to this from an iPhone4. Was worried about switching over to the Android platform but the learning curve with the Galaxy SIII is very minimal. All of the features are great (camera, screen, resolution, etc) but it does get extremely hot! Wonder if this is normal?

this was not a good purchase. it did not work no way to get it activated through my phone plan. very disappointed  returned to selller

Great Product! Samsung Galaxy is the best phone on the market! Works well!! No problems everything intact ! Go and make your order!!

great phone, one main issue. It was released with lots of marketing hype...and it isn't a completed/finished product.1. Allshare cast option: great marketing option for increased sales, but won't be available until late summer. months after release.2. S-voice. great marketing option for increased sales.  not a completed/finished product. still a beta product. doesn't work well.Apple is the only company that puts out products that are more completed. I never owned an apple product...always android, so i am android all the way. just disappointed in those respects.Everything else is nice. I owned the GS2, so loved it as well. a faithful samsung follower and all my electronics are samsung. including my 55ES8000 TV which didn't have descent remote, Voice/gestures extras options as well. they put features in the TV that weren't finished either.

As one of the largest online Companies in the world... you have an obligation to make sure your distributors or micro-companies our being honest and fair in their business. Amazon needs to hold them accountable. I recently purchased a Samsung Galaxy S3 I9300 from (My Wish-List). I am stationed overseas and had a close friend bring it to me. I received a phone that looked like a Samsung Galaxy S3 I9300. It was even in a Galaxy S3 box. It also had a factory screen protector that had Quad Core written on it. It was also missing the charger that is suppose to come with it. When I got back to a laptop I plugged it in and noticed it was searching for a T999 Galaxy S3, which is from T-mobile. I proceeded to take the battery out and look at the back label. It's listed as I9300 which is a European model Exynos CPU. The EMEI number matches the one in settings, about phone. The hardware inside is from T999 T-mobile version. CPU Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 1.5 dual core inside a European made frame....shady to say the least. I have no way of getting anything accomplished this far from the US. But I can do lots of damage online. I will be making a video of my phone and experience with Amazon and My Wish List. Amazon you are just as responsible. I am not the only that this has happened to, there are many. As I keep reading their negative reviews it is starting to add up... Buyer beware.....AMAZON BEWARE. It's not about the money, it's about PRINCIPLE! Amazon.... quit letting the consumer down.

The best a! xxx xxx xxxx xxxx xxx xx xxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxx xxxx xxxxx xxxx xx x

very good store is a very wonderful place to get ur phones and accessories they shipped my phone immediately i ordered it and i received it the following day....... thumbs up guys keep the good work going

I bought this phone for my wife. I owned a Samsung Galaxy S3 pebble blue. The phone is excellent, but we now own a Galaxy S4. The issue with this phone is for some reason it gave us problems during charging. The factory charging cable which also doubles as a USB cable started giving us trouble a few months later. We had to use another USB cable to charge it. I would recommend the phone.

I feel like the phone is overrated...the T9 trace is not as accurate as it should be and it doesn't give options to make it accurate, you can't use the camera during voice calls....with the razar maxx you can. I'm trying to get adjusted since someone stole my Motorola phone maybe with the software updates things will get better

The box came with the seal opened,  the Phone is no Working well.I'm not pleased and happy with this purchase.

So my boyfriend bought this phone from you during Christmas and when he got home from the vacation he opened the box and found everything inside but the PHONE. He was very patient and waited for your help but you guys just kept stalling and now you said you can't even give him a refund or a new phone!!! DON'T BUY FROM THIS DEALER.My boyfriend has every evidence to proof the phone was not in the box but you guys are very irresponsible!!

Ok here is my question! Can I use the international version whit the AT&T or T-mobile 4g (micro) sim cards? I know that the internacional version does not support 4g speeds but can i still use it whit those sim cards? Thanks

I'm glad I purchased this phone. It's sleek, quick, has a great camera,  and I love the 4.8 in screen.

you can trust the seller . the phone is very good. i love it. the shipping was on time. it was a brand new phone in its original box.  i am happy with it. thanks.

I totally love this phone! It is really powerful! I am still learning about all the cool features on my phone!The USPS sucks.. It only shows the tracking details when the package reaches the local post office... I have contacted the seller twice and she is really nice and patient!Anyway this phone is totally awesome!

The Samsung Galaxy S3 could arguably the best smart phone on the market. The Samsung Galaxy S3 can call, text, watch movies, surf the internet, take pictures, transfer data and much more. The Galaxy S3, successor to the Galaxy S2, which is a touch screen phone designed and sold by Samsung electronics, appeared in the market May 29, 2012.Lets take a look at why the S3 can be the best smart phone on the market today. First, it has an outstandingly huge 4.8 Super AMOLED screen (Samsung Electronics). If you don't know what that is, its screen is 4.8 inches diagonally across the 1280x720 pixel display (Samsung Electronics). With its huge screen, this phone is relatively big in the hand. Measuring in at 136.6 millimeters tall, 70.6 millimeters wide, and 8.6 millimeters thick, it is advised you get a hold of one before purchasing (Samsung Electronics). It is also 133 grams, almost .3 pounds, which is very light considering its large body. This smart phone comes in a sixteen or thirty two gigabytes of internal memory, which can also be expanded with a micro SD card (Samsung Electronics).It has two cameras, one eight mega pixel rear camera with LED flash, auto focus, and image stability. The eight mega pixel camera is standard, a twelve mega pixel camera would be more fitting since there are already phones like the HTC Titan 2 which has a twelve mega pixel camera or the Nokia Pureview 808 with a whopping forty one mega pixel camera. The Galaxy S3's eight mega pixel camera is so outdated. The front facing camera is 1.9 mega pixels, nothing fancy. The Galaxy S3 has a big 2,100 milliamp battery which will keep your phone running for days on a single charge, definitely a great feature of the phone. Finally, you can get this incredible phone in a pebble blue color or a marble white color.The Galaxy S3's top competitor is Apples Iphone 5, now the second best selling US phone after the Galaxy S3. The Galaxy S3 is 136.6x70.6x8.6 millimeters while the Iphone 5 measures 123.8x58.6x7.6 millimeters (Apple Inc.). The S3 weighs 133 grams verses the Iphone's 112 grams (Apple Inc.). The weight difference is due to the Galaxy S3's big body. Even though it is a lot bigger than the Iphone, the weight is relatively light for such a big phone. The S3 boosts a 4.8 inch display, while the Iphone 5 only has a four inch screen. The point eight inches makes all the difference, since when you look at the screen, its screen length is proportional to the screen width the Iphone 5's screen is much too tall compared to its width.The body of the Samsung is made entirely of plastic, which doesn't feel very high quality when holding it. Also, it can easily slip out of the hand because of the glossy plastic finish. Its battery cover is also made of flimsy plastic, not high quality at all. Spending two hundred dollars with contract for this phone, you would think it should be more toughly built. The Iphone 5 on the other hand, has a metal casing with an aluminum backing. It sure feels sturdy and well made in the hand. While the metal and aluminum both contribute to its sturdy build, there is a drawback. The aluminum backing is very easily scratched (Williams par18). The Iphone's size is also more hands friendly, its slim design makes it easier to hold and use with one hand than the Galaxy S3.One of the great features of the Galaxy which trumps Iphone's is its removable battery. So, when the battery runs out of holding its charge, all you have to do is purchase a new battery. Whereas with the Iphone, you would have to buy a whole new phone. Another incredible feature on the S3 is its incredible battery life. Because of its big body, Samsung was able to fit a big battery in. The S3's 2,100 milliamp battery will really last you a while (Samsung Electronics). I have used it heavily texting, calling, and surfing the web all day, and it can still last me two days on a single charge. Although I don't have much playing time with the Iphone 5, I know it has a 1,440 milliamp battery (Apple Inc.). Its significantly less than the Galax S3's, and not as great because it is non-removable.The Galaxy S3 and the Iphone 5 both have an eight mega pixel rear camera with led flash, high definition video recording, auto focus, and image stability. What sets them apart with cameras is their front facing camera. The Iphone only has a 1.2 mega pixel front camera, nothing special (Apple Inc.). The S3 has a 1.9 mega pixel front camera, way clearer images for when you want to take self portraits or use it as a mirror. As for the colors of the phone, the Iphone 5 comes in white or black, while the Samsung Galaxy S3 comes in blue or white (Samsung Electronics).When we go under the hood of the smart phones, one is android and the other is IOS. The Galaxy S3 runs android Ice Cream Sandwich, and the Iphone 5 runs IOS 6. If you like to customize your phone, the S3 will let you do that. On the other hand, if you want a phone that is easy to navigate, the Iphone 5 is the way to go. The Galaxy S3 can run more applications more smoothly than the Iphone can. The S3 has two gigabytes of RAM, while the Iphone only has one gigabyte (Samsung Electronics) (Apple Inc.). If multitasking is your thing, the S3 can run all of your needs more smoothly than the Iphone. Some more benefits of choosing the Samsung Galaxy S3 is its NFC capability (Samsung Electronics). It uses Near Field Communication to transfer data quickly by simply tapping two NFC capable devices together. That's instantaneous data transfer. Also, the Galaxy S3 boosts Smart Stay and Direct Call (Samsung Electronics). Using the front facing camera, smart stay tracks your eye movements and keeps the screen bright. It only turns off the screen when you are asleep or not looking at the device anymore. Now, usually if you want to call someone, you have to go to your contacts to find the person you want to call, but with Direct Call, it is as simple as putting your phone to your ear. Say you are texting someone, and you want to call them instead. All you have to do is put your phone to your ear, and the S3 will automatically call that person. Sadly, none of these features are present on the Iphone 5.When reviewing the Samsung Galaxy S3, you quickly realize that this phone is a lot different than any other phone in the market. When comparing it to the Iphone 5, they both have strong points as well as weak spots, but you can clearly see that the Galaxy S3 is better than the Iphone.

Built from very cheap material. It feels that the cover is going to break when you open the battery compartment. THE PHONE FELL FROM A COUCH HIGHT AND THE PLASTIC BROKE AND THE SCREEN SHATTERED... STAY AWAY FROM THIS POOR PHONE. FAST AND NICE TECHNOLOGY.

I'm a huge fan of Samsung Galaxy cellphones. This one is the best of course. I would like to add that this cell requires micro sim card & not the regular sim cards.

I received my Galaxy S3 on a Saturday morning, and by the end of the day it was no more useful than a boat anchor.  Let me first say that, yes, I did drop it...from a seated position about two feet from the ground.  I've had two previous smart phones(Iphone and HTC Inspire), both of witch I used for approximately 2-3 years.  I'm not a careless person, but things happen.  So obviously these phones were dropped on numerous occasions, not to mention the normal wear and tear associated with just common usage. Both worked brilliantly, and I got new phones simply to upgrade the technology.  This Samsung Galaxy S3 is literally dropped one time(yes, I did have a case), and not only did the screen crack like a spider web, but the screen would just light up green with lines all across it.  Now the actual phone still worked, but what good is a phone with a non-functioning screen???  VERY disappointed and actually quite surprised at the lack of durability from such a highly rated product.  If I had to do it all over, I'd 100% stay with my Hipster Troll Carwash(HTC), that's a solid piece of equipment.  I've never had any issues with breaking my phones, so I saw absolutely no reason to get the insurance...I've literally never lost or broken a phone.  Now because I decided to switch it up and go with Samsung, I have to wait 1 year, 11 months, and 29 days until my next upgrade.  Thanks Samsung!The only reason I'm giving this two stars instead of one, is because for the 5-6 hours the phone worked, it seemed quite nice.  Nice display, plus all the extras you'd want out of a new generation smart phone.

Do I really need to leave a review about one of the best phones in the world?  Beats iPhone...hands down!

This was a gift for our daughter. She had been using an iPhone3, which finally died. For the money we decided to help her out by getting her the S3 instead of an iPhone4. She's been really pleased, and since we live overseas and she's in the U.S., I can say the video on Skype is better than when she is on her notebook. The front camera is a real bonus! Thus far she's had no complaints or comments that she misses the iPhone.

Being an android and iOS user, I have to say that first android ROCKS.  Secondly, this is by far the best phone to hit the shelf this year.  Better than the iphone 5 which is not even out yet.  There is so much you can do.  ICS is smooth, Android Jelly Bean 4.1 is set to be released later this year to this handset.  People complain that it is only a dual core processor but in benchmarks it actually out performs the quad core international version.  Plus the US version got 2 Gigabytes of ram, where the international only got 1 GB.Battery Life:Coming from the Samsung Infuse, the battery in the S3 is freaking EXCELLENT.  I have went almost 2 days with light usage.  On medium usage it lasts me about 24 hours.  Heavy user's your going to get about 12-15 hours out of the phone.  The phone charges very quickly and holds charge great.S-Voice:Best thing yet to Siri.  In my opinion it is better.  They do a lot of the same stuff but there is some stuff S-Voice can do that the iOS Siri can not.  S-Voice can schedule reminders, send texts, phone calls, emails, etc....  Find local restaurants in the area, automatically calculate a route via Navigation by you saying directions to "This place".Overall this is a GREAT handset.  If your looking for the best device  (especially on AT&T;) to get this year, this is it.  Honestly, if I were not married and I were single, I would marry this phone.  Maybe even make love to it.  LOL.  Kidding of course.  But the phone is that freaking GREAT.  Anyone you read negative reviews on either SUCKS or they are an apple butt kisser.

I switched from iphone to this. I was having issues with my 2 year old iphone holding a charge. So when I went into ATT I specifically asked about this phones battery. The rep told me I would have no problems with this battery. She told me she carried the phone and used it all day, and when she got home she still had battery life.Well, I did not have such a positive experience. My battery lasted maybe 1/2 a day. AND I am not a heavy user. I don't have email on my phone. I use it for calls and internet. I always make sure all my apps are closed out. I also noticed the battery gets extremely hot. So I went back to ATT and they ordered me a new battery. The new battery is the same way. Gets very hot, in fact if I don't have a case on the phone I can barely touch the phone. It even gets hot while charging! The battery life is TERRIBLE!!! I am regretting my decision to switch to this phone, knowing that I will have to deal with this for the next 2 years!

the seller was great, my phone got here on time and everything.But the phone was pretty laggy especially as time progressed. And I've noticed in the past month, it has been freezing everytime I use it. Whenever I'm on my phone I feel like I'm playing roulette because I never know when it will freeze on me again.

The worst phone I've ever used. It's not user friendly and it's overpriced. I would not recommend this product at all

I want to buy the Samsung galaxy s3 unlocked but I have so many questions. Has anyone who bought the phone online then took it to tmobile to get a sim and number? That's my intention. And also will this phone work internationally ? And what about warranty s if I buy it from amazon?

If someone is calling me the phone is not ringing. The person on the other end is not hearing me at all, the sound icon is not green at all

The screen is very easily scratched. For the price of this product, it's absurd that they can't add some better protection. I've had this for about two weeks now and dropped it once. About 1/2 of the screen now has long, jagged scratches running across the phone. Gorilla Glass, my ass.If you buy this, be sure to also buy a case, screen protectors and perhaps some soft gloves to wear when using. You're probably better off not actually touching this phone, since your fingernails might cause damage. Best to just look at it from a safe distance.Update: 3/25/13 - battery life sucks balls. I'm lucky to get half a day out of the S3 (and that's with most everything turned off). The previous myTouch I had was a better phone, believe it or not.

i bought two of them, one is break the screen in the first week, another's connection is broken in the first month. besides, the contacter gave me a bad answer, he doesn't answer my questions.

I used this incredible phone for about 8 month it is really amazing...but 2 days a go the phone shutdown with any notice at all...i'lll tryed everything ,charging and changing batteries, nothing happens...well the next step was check warranty book inside the packaging , oh surprise the warranty is only valid in european states...the phone is not an International unlocked version...is an European version who does not have warranty in USA.Be carefull with this seller becasue when I comunicate this issue to them , the only answer that i got was " refer to the manufacturer " and even when I explain to them the origin of the products (clearly European carrier VODAFONE Greece, inside i found their advertising, another probe that is not an international version is from a carrier in Europe) they wash theirs hands and again solve the problem with the sentence "the only company who can fulfill your warranty is Samsung"  yes i understand that, BUT SAMSUNG EUROPE, i bougt a product in USA not Europe.My advise, buy the phone use another seller...

Most of the features on  this phone are great. The only complaint I have is the incoming volume is too low. I know a smart phone is made to enjoy the special features, but its supppose to be a good phone first. That being said, is not any reflection on the seller its Samsung trying to rush these phones out so they could get the s4 on the market. B

I got the Galaxy SIII but not the one I needed, when I searched for it I wrote Samsung s3 unlocked CDMA so as Im not in the phone industry as most of the people, I didn't know if it was the one I needed or not so when I tried to use it in Mexico (where I live) I couldnt use it. The second time I wanted to purchase the CDMA phone I got assistance from the customer service dept and  just out of curiosity I called the ones who were suposed to sell to me the correct phone and they told me it wasnt CDMA!Finally I got it at Best Buy, the phone is excelent! I'm in Love with it! but not with the Amazon help :(

Everything was OK except the users manual was in Spanish only. Had to order an English version on ebay also No memory card came with this

This phone is an OK hand held tablet... My suggestion is this... Buy a crappy flip phone to make calls and text, buy a better tablet that has 3g and 4g capabilities and get a standalone GPS.Yes, you can get all of them in this phone but the phone just does them all OK. I'm constantly getting wrong directions from the GPS or it can't locate me, the calls are dropping and text messages are getting the not sent error. The only thing it is good for is being a hand held tablet. But it would only be considered an OK one at that.I have never had a phone drop so many calls or text messages get stuck. It's amazingly frustrating have to call someone back 3-4 times in a 10 minute span to try and have a conversation.  If you get a call to connect, DON'T MOVE... you might lose it. I owned the RAZR before this and I didn't have any issues doing the same things I am doing now.If you are driving in the city you better have printed out directions. I don't know how many times I have been told that I'm on a street that I'm not or that I'm driving through a building. And I have thought that it was the app so I have downloaded other apps and same result. Better not be in a bad part of town or you may take a wrong turn.

I purchased my S3 2 weeks ago and I have thoroughly enjoyed it until this morning. The home button on this phone is really narrow and while pressing this button the screen cracked. I wasn't even pressing hard. My fingernail was strong enough to shatter the screen just above the button. This is not covered by Samsung's warranty. They charge $178 + shipping to repair it. This has to change if they want to compete with Apple. Not recommended for fat fingered people like myself or those with the index fingernail of death.

This has been the best item I've ever purchased, item as discribed by seller, pictures met those shown, excelent stuff

The LCD screen is outstanding. Camera's burst mode is amazing.On the negative end, the alarm will not work unless the phone is on or in suspended mode. My old Nokia phone's alarm will work when it is off. Need to have the phone in off mode so calls, messages will not interrupt my sleep.Google Earth will crash unexpectedly, especially when "flying" over Manhattan. When switching to different active program and back to Google Earth, 3D buildings should not have to be reloaded again. The sky above the horizon is not always smooth, tearing can be seen.

The item sent to me is the wrong color. I wrote to the seller who never replied, even after 3 weeks. The phone works excellent but the wrong color is frustrating, especially since the actual description of the item says &#34;Marble White&#34;. At the end of the day I'm happy to have a fabulous phone, but the color situation and lack of response shows zero customer care value. I'm really glad the phone worked perfectly. Something tells me that if it didn't work and I tried to contact the seller I'd be SOL.

Well two weeks of great use out of the phone. Amazing really to be sincere. But one major problem has come up. There seems to be a wifi connection drop problem going around on certain batchs of this phone. And my luck was that I got one. Already did the popular fix to turn wifi power save off but well still going on. This phone is 80% use on wifi so if doenst work its kind of a just a very expensive brick to me. Kind of sad. And this seller does not have an exchange program... I got to buy a new one since I can't be without a phone due to personal conditions... Once the new one arrives send in the old one and hope that they don't create some imaginary problem with it and make me keep both right... Lets hope everything gets solved up. Other than that amazing phone.

I bought 2 samsung s3, everything good. U can use it in Venezuela with movistar, movilnet and digitel because each one are unlocked.

I liked the product, but it started acting weird just a few days after I activated it. It restarted once by itself and a couple of times I was not able to read any text messages (I had to turn it off and then back on again). I have not returned it because it stopped acting up and it's working fine now.

This is an excellent and a extreme good looking phone. The only weak on the phone is the battery expires too fast

I'm currently on my third phone, the first two were replaced under warranty all within the first six months, one for a constant rebooting/locking problem and one for an overheating/radio chip failure issue.  The third one has now been generally working fine for about 7 months.  The only issue I get is that it will occasionally run hot in my pocket and I have to turn it off for a couple of minutes, pull the battery and let it cool or it will run the battery dead.  When the phone comes back on it seems to be fine. This happens once every few weeks or so.  It also doesn't have a simple USB storage device connection and it has problems connecting to older music systems that are tuned for generic USB stick drives.  Connects with computer fine.

I had an iphone 4..then got this phone - blew me away. I use to think Iphone was top of the line, can't get better.  It's all in the name. Galaxy 3 is by far the best phone 'experience' i have had. Love it.-Amazing speeds-Screen size is perfect for watching videos - iphone 5 you need a microscope.- Cool motion sensors- Great apps- Cheap (I got it for free, but retail is a lot cheaper than iPhone)- Comes in multiple colors and with a processor called Jelly Bean - doesn't get more awesomer (yes it's a word) than that?No CONS to list - ask me in a year.

samsung galaxy s3 is the best phone, and at least to me it came perfectly working and in neat new condition. the phone is very nice and it allso resists falls, it may not seem that way but it is that way. i have had the iphone and samsung and i prefer 1000 more times the samsung.i dont let myself go by the marketing that apple has, and i am thankful for that

This phone is absolutely amazing. It's super fast, the screen is stunning. No bugs at all that I've noticed. Easy to use ui. I am a total galaxy girl and after getting my galaxy tab and the galaxy s3, I am going to continue to purchase the galaxy line of items.

the phone was clean and working well. i love galaxy's and this was alot cheaper than buying one from a brick and mortar store.

When I put a review a while back, people started abusing me. Well Now I have used the fone and I am having the same question. Not at all sure why Samsung's best mobile that costs $700, does not feature quality materials. Craftsmanship matters !

This phone is great looking. I love the phone until the battery life starts to suck. I have friends who owns this phone and says the same thing. I am going to switch this phone out because battery life is not good..The charger that comes with it starts acting up after a year.Don't purchase this phone.

The phone is excelent and was delivered in perfect conditions!I live abroad from the US and it is working perfectly!

Delivery took 3-4 days. Had a bit of trouble at first to switch all the apps from German to English. Once I went past that, it's a great phone, really fast. My first Android phone after being a Blackberry user.Now I'm learning how to exploit all it's features and how to work around Android as a first time user.Great purchase, hooked on my S3!!

Pros: I won't list the specs, you can see those all over. This particular model (i9300) is a broad, international category. The one I received appears to be Chilean, or that set. It works great with a MicroSIM from Straight Talk on the AT&T; network with H+ data almost everywhere. The FM tuner is a nice bonus to buying the i9300 model. OTA updates work. So far no JB update for the Chilean market, but easily overcome with a EU ROM flash if needed. The phone is smooth and lag-free with the stock ROM. Having tried a Galaxy Nexus S before this, I find this well-worth the extra money over the other. The GPS is quick and responsive. I personally love the stock apps (music, clock, etc that so many custom ROMs like to replace) so I have yet to find a reason to run anything but stock.Cons: None.Other Thoughts: I migrated from a Captivate (i897) and am finding the cell signal and call quality is dramatically improved with this phone. Plays well with Straight Talk / AT&T; network in the USA.

I love my new phone im using it only thing is when I type too fast it takes 2seconds to catch up anyways I would recomend this too 1000 other people I love this phone thank yu amazon and thanks to the company I purchased the phone from works really good

Wonderful mobile I'm giving 100 percent guarantee for this product.features are very good.and battery quality was very good.camera was excellent.

It's SO cute and with high quality. Compared with iphone, I prefer S3, because of the big screen, beautiful looking and lightness.

I was very skeptical buying this phone considering I had to pay full retail price to keep my unlimited data with Verizon. I checked out reviews and 99% of them were positive so I decided to do it.  I went from a droid x2 to this and what am and amazing difference. This phone is awesome. It has everything you want and  more. It's very easy to navigate and I haven't had any problems with it. I saw a few reviews people complaining about the voice command however mine has been nothing but great. Its well worth the money and I'd recommend it to anyone! !

Very nice smartphon with plenty of apps and feature, it's a little bit hard to get familiarized with the phone intruction by moving it but is just natter of time...

As I write this review there is a line forming ahead of the iphone 5 release.  It didn't seem so long ago that the same group think was in line for the release for Windows 95.  Now that Apple is the Microsoft they fought in the 90's and in a way the IBM they fought in the 80's I felt it was time to 'think different' and try the android OS I so much enjoy in a phone.  We have an amazing Android Asus tablet in the house that just far surpasses the ipad and I'm seeing that same unlimited customization in this new blue phone.  The physical design of the Samsung nicely meshes with the features particularly the menu button at the bottom left and the return on the bottom right.  Although they use reds, whites, and blues for the colors I would instead prefer silver or bronze.One thing that is a little confusing is all the trash apps they install on the phone.  For a new convert like myself it is hard to identify the essential google apps versus the register your credit card Samsung ones.  It would be nice to start with some very basics and learn to appreciate them before downloading others. I'm really glad to be free of having to install itunes on every pc in the house.  Enduring that wretched syncing process which loves to delete any content that wasn't bought at the itunes store.  Good riddance to that.  Beyond that you have a way more powerful device that plays the role of computer and phone versus the iphone that loyally doesn't go beyond it's pre ordained phone mandate cause that is all it will ever be allowed to be.

It had lock when it was taken in Africa.

I hated, hated, HATED the Samsung Intercept. It nearly turned me off to Samsung phones entirely. So when I asked my roommate, who is a cell phone salesman, to recommend a phone that isn't an iPhone (I am never intentionally putting iTunes on any computer of mine), he suggested the S3 and I hesitated. He talked me into it, and I'm very glad he did.The phone is extremely responsive, quick to load apps and seamless when transitioning between them. The connection is very fast (I'm on Virgin Mobile and have never had an issue with connectivity) and it switches effortlessly and automatically to wifi when I'm in range of a connection I've used in the past.The available apps are great and useful, and because the memory is expandable, I just use it as my music player, as well.Battery life is surprisingly good - I easily make it through an entire day on one charge, and I use it frequently.If you're looking for a top-notch smartphone, I've never seen a better one than this.

It was expected, buy the international version phone in order to use the Spanish language and the seller not ships the model specified in the publication of the article for that reason I am not happy

Great phone ! I always love samsung phones. The features on this one are ok but the problem I have is that I have small hands so it looks super big when I'm holding it.

I received the S3., look like used before because dirty with many finger prints and packing was not same as factory pack.But there no physically damage.Worst doesn't work when I insert T-mobile micro sim which using with my factory unlock iPhone. I am busy and not follow up yet.I think is not really unlock as mentioned for the item.

I bought this product on September 16th, 2012, and one year after, it&#8217;s broken down, black screen totally. I returned it to the seller; they told me they returned it to the manufactory, but up to now, no more reply. I am so disappointed with Samsung. This cellphone can only be used for ONE YEAR, cost me six hundred dollars.  My friend bought a locked Samsung Galaxy S3, and it&#8217;s broken down too, one year after purchase. Please try to avoid Samsung, and avoid this seller neither.

The phone is smarter than I am.  It came with NO instructions or users manual, but you can download one.  The learning curve is steep, so I have years of learning experience to look forward to before it becomes outdated.  I hope I can use it in Europe also.**********It is now many months later and I have lots of experience with the phone.The main criticism I have is poor engineering design, particularly that two vital buttons, the on-off and volume buttons, stick out from the sides of the phone with no protection.  So you inadvertently press them, turning down the volume so you can't hear the phone ring, and turning the phone off when you handle it (like handing it to someone to look at a photo). It would have been so simple to protect the buttons with plastic ridges to solve this problem.I've used the phone in Mexico, Canada and Europe and it works fine (I use T-Mobile so my costs are reasonable).  The Google map function works well, so it gives me directions to hard-to-find places in cities when I'm driving.The camera function works fine.  People tell me that it takes good pictures.

Everything went as planed with the seller perfect samsung phone, it is really near the edge of technology and was at a good price.

This company is very knowledgable about their products. They are fast, reliable and will contact you to make sure you what you ordered is the best possible product for your needs.

Item was lovely they don't offer car charger and SD card though.  White phone, I would have preferred white cords and such delights.  They certainly gotten stingy from last I ordered a new phone.

Nice screen its amoled and the colors rally really nice live and sharp, also battery life and removable battery is good deal

i love this phone, everything its perfect, everything come in the box, and its works 100% perfect for the reason im always buy my thing in amazon

This smart phone doesn't support 4G LTE service. only provide H+. Do not buy it if you want a 4G LTE service

My first attempt at a smart phone & I studied them extensively before the purchase. This was an extraordinary value, I thought. And it was supposedly new.  Problem is- a lot of the 'functions' don't function. IE: swipe, tap, drag, voice mail notifications, led light, etc. It was non-returnable, and I knew that. I have managed to add apps & work-arounds to help me be able to use it somewhat. have spent a lot of time on the computer researching & it is annoying. I'm not as tech-savvy as the dudes on YouTube who tell you how tooperate the thing-- but I'm a quick learner. And mine just won't do what theirs will. I would imagine I got a fluke- Always happens to me, right? But just so you know, even if it says 'new'...can you be sure? I would almost bet a little money mine was refurbished.

Samsung galaxy SIII is a mini computer but not a phone now, no matter about the 1.4G quad-core CPU and 1G RAM, it can run windows XP on the phone. I can do everything on the phone as the same as on computer. Nice phone!

It is the international model. It works with whatever carrier. The screen is awesome. I always watch movies on it.

Major flaws in this device: It's too big to hold in one hand and operate the whole touchscreen with your thumb.  The power button gets pressed in your pocket all the time -- if you don't have a lock screen (I prefer quick access), you end up with a scrambled home screen from pocket not-quite-dialing.  And, of course, I miss the slide keyboard of the old G1, which is way better than a soft keyboard.Battery life is good, though.  I can often not charge for a night and still use it the next day.

The phone is very fast, the processor performance is remarkable, comfortable to wear and touch screen response is amazing. Navigation is excellent, good postal manager, with Wi-Fi so far have had no problems (never been disconnected) and overall behavior is 5 stars. With the upgrade to 4.1.2 the phone Jelly Bean is still fluid.

Software is in korean, does not do 4g which it should, constantly reconnecting to att&t needed to reboot twice lost everything

I purchased and received this item in a week's time through Amazon. It was in good shape and I have fallen in love with it for the one month I have used it. Amazon is trustworthy and convenient. Please visit and make your purchases through amazon.My expectations have been met and I am full of happiness as I communicate to family members and friends. The internet signal is perfect, Wi fi is OK, face book and Skype.Long live amazon.

First off, the phone is beautiful, very nice performance and battery life seems fine to me. The only thing that bothered me right off, was the plastic back; I do believe they could have done a better job on that and perhaps a few other build features. Overall though, the phone runs great on Jelly Bean, looks good and has tons of accessories out there for it.

The S3 is the finest phone in the smartphone market. (including WP,  IOS, and Anroid)1. WP-I had a WP(lumia 900) which you cannot disable the vibration feedback from touching back, home, and search. It is a remained problem in 920 as well. Nokia and Miscrosoft has been great tech company and have the capabilities to develop a customer orientated phone. So I would assume that neither Nokia and Miscrosoft want to make a good phone.2. IOS-I used iphone 4s before. Net Card is better on iphones. It has faster speed under all the connections(wi-fi, edge, 3g, 4g). However, the UI, screen size, multi-tasking is bad on IOS.3. I'm using a HTC one X. Same android OS, but Ui is slightly different. Prefer S3 UI peronally because it is more soft... Also S3 gives you more customization options.

As expected, this really a must have for everybody. Fast internet, nice design, light.....no cons so far. My best phone so far.

GuysPlease dont buy Samsung Galaxy S3. The Phone life is just or Max 5 months. I purchased in the month of July 2012, and today Dec24th it died all of a sudden. The handset is refusing to reboot.The XDA thread has 56 pages (so far) of people whose mainboards have suddenly died. The devices seem to last between 150 and 200 days before failingRead more at [...]Its a total loss to me.

Having had several iPhones over the years I had been considering trying an Android phone and after being wowed by the features of the Samsung Galaxy S3 I figured it was high time to try one after the contract was up on my iPhone 4.  After having the phone for 8 months I'm very disappointed in it and I'll cover this with some pros and cons below.ProsBright Vibrant large display!Very lightweight and slim designGood cell, WiFi, and Bluetooth receptionExcellent feature set!ConsBattery Life is Terrible! Terrible!!  Terrible!!!Using my S3 phone about the same amount of time for apps (less probably because many of the apps I had on my iPhone were not available for Android plus I got a tablet which I used a lot for casual surfing as I used to on my iPhone), phone calls, etc. as I did my iPhone I could charge my iPhone every 2 days;  with the Samsung S3 it's AT LEAST once a day if not twice.  Yes, I tried all the tips for saving battery life but I did not have to do that on my iPhones and I bought the Samsung for some of those fancy features that I'd have to turn off.Case is cheap plasticI was warned by friends of this and I did not listen.  Subjecting the phone to the same wear and tear as my iPhones (less in fact as one dark day I had dropped my iPhone 4 onto a cement floor from about a height of four feet;  not a scratch on it even though it landed face down!) after four months I was seeing cracks in the case of the S3 by the volume rocker.  As time progresses they are getting bigger and it's only a matter of time until they break all the way through and small pieces of the case come off!Poor Quality GlassTurn off the display on the iPhone 4 I had for almost 2 years and not a mark could be seen on it.  Do that on my S3 and there's a myriad of scuffs and tiny scratches.Resale ValueNone!  Based on the case and glass issues there's literally no resale value and I got top dollar for all my iPhones selling them to one of the electronics resellers online.Conclusion:  While I was blown away by the performance and feature set of this phone the cons listed above made it for me a very bad purchase decision!  Last month I finally ordered a large capacity battery which now lets me go two to three days without a recharge, but it also makes the phone twice as thick and significantly heavier.  Very disappointing experience for me with this phone.UPDATED 17-October 2013Last week the glass cracked on the screen.  It's weird because I had dropped the phone some weeks back and the screen was fine, perhaps it was a delayed reaction due to a small fracture I could not see.  I've ordered an iPhone 5s to replace the S3 and I'll soon be able to put this major disappointment of a phone behind me.Note I had conversations with Samsung online about the battery life and I was basically told to disable all the fancy features and other background processes on the phone to improve battery life.  One of the reason I bought the phone was for the features.  I shall never procure another Samsung phone.

I feel Samsung has outdone itself with S3. The screen is great, colors are great and the OS is snappy. Watching HD movies on the phone is a treat. The text is big and clear. Only downside I can find with this international version is that it does not support AT&T LTE but then I knew it before buying the phone.

poor quality and mine broke after 3 months.  Yes, it just stopped working and Samsung customer service is suck!!  After spending so much time with their CSR, they refused to replace my unit as I got the phone outside US.  Will never buy any other phone from Samsung.  Am going back to iPhone anyway as I really dont like Android.

Loved it for as long as I had it. Almost 2 years.

such an easy, quick, and efficient way to shop. loved the product and price, although it did go down in price shortly after purchase. wish you had a 30 day if you find it cheaper policy....even if just on this site and credit the drop in price. good day

LLego en el tiempo estimado y perfectamente empacado con todos sus accesorios!! Excelente telefono Que funcIona de maravilla en Venezuela

The smart phone was partially correct as listed. It was listed as a GSM cell..... but did not work on the T-Mobile Network. I gave them 4 stars because of the way they handled the refund. Communication by email was fast and informative.

The phone is really slick. It fits in your pocket perfectly. Screen is really nice and big. I feel all the surface of the phone can be easily clean, grease and fingerprints dont attached to the phone sas the iphone. The phone is really light.  Android itself feels really fresh with its user interface and vibrant display colors. A lot of Android features are super helpful and cool. I still prefer iPhone but I really think this kind of smartphone are really near to what Apple offers. Nevertheless, I have compared both iPhone 4s 32GB and Galaxy S3 battery performance and I have notices iPhone's battery last longer and it charges faster than the Galaxy S3. Overall the phone is great for advanced and average users.

I bought this phone before Christmas and immediately fell in love.  Love is not even close to how I feel about this phone.  It can do so much!  It is so clear and crisp.  The screen is an amazing size, it's so light and thin, it has amazing sound quality, the camera takes wonderful pictures.  I wouldn't even consider gettin an iphone after having the galaxy.  My favorite feature on the galaxy is swype.  No more manually typyin out each letter on a keyboard.  It is so surprisingly accurate and fast.  People with iphones are living in the stone ages with their phones.  I recommend to everyone looking for a phone that looks beautiful and can do it all.

I bought this smartphone thinking in its high performance like described in Amazon Site. It was a gift in my family, worth!! Kies don't recognize it, and in Settings you can see that is a GT-I9300 BUT with a Base Band from Canada and Kernel forcing for a SGH-I747M. I don't know what can i do with it, furthermore ins't work on 3G. This problem is similar like others persons than buy this product. What Amazon can do for solve this problem??

hiGLAD TO HAVE THIS PHONE EASY AND SMART TO USE ITCAMERA HAS VERY GOOD  RESULT  ,EVERY THING IS PERFECT.

I was stupid enough not to check that the RAM of the phone was only 1GB instead of 2 GB claimed in the product description for which I paid extra. I love the phone. But it just hurts to think that the product specs were not as promised.

My Galaxy SIII is not the international version shown here, but rather the T-Mobile version sold in the U.S.Excellent screen responsiveness, although some (not me) complain of the colors. [I'm color-blind, so the colors I see look great to me. YMMV] For watching videos, it simply doesn't lag. Load times are one thing, but once loaded, the playback is amazing.  Auto-brightness levels are too low, however.  I wish the default auto level could be reset higher. I just switch auto-brightness off and set brightness manually. Not optimal, but not a big deal. During the Olympics, I've been using both Samsung's summary app and NBC's video app.  The videos play beautifully, and sound is very audible.Speaker volume is really good although it's placed on the back alongside the camera lens, so laying the phone on its back seriously muffles sound from videos, games, radio, etc., and NAVIGATION, which is unfortunate. The protective case I have actually worsens this problem by creating a cupped area around the back speaker.Phone call volume is excellent, too, both for the sender and the receiver of phone calls.  Everyone I've talked to says the phone sounds as good as a land line, and I hear them all wonderfully well, too.Battery life is surprising for such a fast phone with a big screen, but I can go all day with my normal usage no problem.  Those who are experiencing bad battery times may be missing some of the battery saving settings, including the "power saving" button that's part of the drop down upper notification bar, or they may have a lemon.The camera takes good photos, and gives you a choice of resolutions from 640x480 (.3MP) to 8MP with four intermediate levels: .9, 2.4, 3.2, and 6Mpixels. Flash is very bright on closeups. Burst mode is interesting and can also choose the best shot in the group. Tons of built-in features in the camera app, and Android has many more available in a variety of solid apps. My biggest complaint with the camera is in the auto-focus - slow and touchy. Lens is on top of phone (portrait), but camera seems to default to landscape mode which makes finger placement a bit tricky. Phone will shoot in portrait mode no problem, which is much better with one hand.Android software is ICS-based on this phone, like that new notification bar, and most of it works well.  I've had issues with some of the widgets, especially the one used by the lock screen, not updating their readouts (weather), but I've been playing with the various personalized settings so much, it could be me. [***UPDATE: It WAS me.]S Voice is not yet ready for prime time.  It does some things well, but it's easily confused, so I just do everything myself.  This phone is so responsive and quick, it doesn't really matter to me.  Google Voice Search is my Go To app anyway.  Still works well for me, certainly better than S Voice. [***UPDATE: I finally sat down one night and talked to my phone for over a half hour. During that time, my estimation of S Voice improved.  It's still easy to confuse, but once you learn ways to get it to understand you, it can be helpful.  I particularly like how it can set up appointments in the calendar.]If you already have Google account(s), setup is easy and almost automatic. If you aren't a Google user, consider it.  Many Android apps setup immediately with Google account info.I've had an on-going complaint with Android, and specifically Samsung, with their lack of a universal group texting app that preserves threads within the groups. Apple, for one, does have this capability built-in. The ONLY Android phone I've EVER seen it work on was Samsung's updated version of T-Mobile's Sidekick 4G.  So Samsung HAS done it before. That app only works on that phone, however - but it would be a GREAT thing to add to this one. (Yeah, there are plenty that allow group sends, but if someone replies to the group message, the software does not include a way to continue the thread as a group.  The reply comes through separately and is seen as an individual thread from that person, so you have to check at least two places to figure out what's being said by members of the group - loathe it.) [***UPDATE: I've now tried several, and am currently using Whatsapp, which is very satisfying, but not free. It only works if your other contacts use it, too.  My daughters have it on their iPhones and they like it, too.]Wi-fi acquisition is very fast on this phone, and I have experienced very few drops once connected.  On a normal day, I travel between three separate Wi-fi networks, and since initially setting them all up on the phone (easy), switching between networks is completely seamless.Bluetooth works great, too.The Home button on the bottom of the screen is somewhat laggy. It seems to be "thinking" a lot when you press it.  I've been trying out several alternate launchers since getting the phone, lately Nova Launcher, and it's clear that the phone's programmers have given the Home button the ability to do different things, which is undoubtedly what explains the lag.  I wouldn't consider it a negative against the phone, but others may. [***UPDATE: I still think this is true, but I must also add that a built-in way to access S Voice is by pressing the Home button twice in succession.  This supports my theory that the button has to do some extra thinking in its programming.]I haven't been too thrilled with the feel of the case back - too slippery, but I purchased an Acase SuperLeggera case for it, and now think that was both a necessary protection and an improvement in feel. [***UPDATE: I think this combination is even more outstanding after nearly three months of use.]The phone is a good size. I really wanted a bigger screen phone, but the Samsung Note seems a notch too big for me.  The SIII is about a half inch longer than the SII, and very similar in width, while the Note is about the same length as the SIII but wider. With protective case, it still fits in a man's shirt pocket and doesn't feel that heavy there. It's light enough to easily maneuver with one hand, especially with the case I have for it.I like this phone very much, and have no qualms recommending it.  Like every phone, it's not perfect, but it's getting pretty darn close.  T-Mobile coverage in my area is usually excellent, although in some places it's missing.  I went to the ballgame a couple times since getting the phone and it won't receive anything there, which is a shame because the MLB app (which works great on the phone at home) would be a terrific enhancement at the game. One daughter has Verizon and never has problem with coverage there, and the other has AT&T; but coverage varies depending on where we sit in the stadium.  I've never gotten good reception anywhere with any T-Mobile phone there. Also, they both have iPhones.  One is a die-hard Apple fangirl who will get the next one out no matter what, while the other one wants my phone. They both prefer the big screen on the Galaxy SIII, though.Again, I wrote here mostly about little complaints; things that can affect your day-to-day experience based on mine.  I'm not much of a gamer, so I said nothing about that, but clearly this device has speed, brains, and stamina. For me, it's a keeper.

I recently bought this phone so I could get rid of my old Droid X that I've been hanging on to for years now. I cannot believe the change in Connection Speed, preformance, and battery life I got with this powerhouse.... BEST PHONE PURCHASE I'VE EVER MADE!!!

Works well, protects my phone. Looks durable.The only thing that is not so good is that make the phone bigger and hevier.

Fast shiping, item 7/10, works really great in venezuela, im in 4G, its very fast, powerfull smartphone, 2 scrachs in the bottom

I love this phone. It is one of the best phones I have ever used. The only problem is the battery, I think that is the problem for all galaxy. Anyway best phone ever

A friend of mine, who constantly changes phone brands told me that this was the best phone he ever used.This is my first smartphone and I like it.There are so many good reviews elsewhere online for this unit. I am not much of a phone person to review a phone. I'll get to learn many capabilities of this nice unit in time. Very satisfied for now.

Like the phone. Contrary to advertisement, however, the phone is locked. T- mobile will not unlocke it since ElectronicMax did not pay for it. When contacting T-mobile the rep told me that the phone is locked because of &#34;fraud&#34;. Yes, she used that word.

The Galaxy s3  arrived in 2 days in seal galaxy box everything  is original and packedbest servicethey also gave me european / american powerplug adaptor 100% satisfied&#34;

Be careful.  The international version does not have some of the features as the regular phone such as wifi calling.  The posting now says international phone but when I ordered it did not.  Samsung informed me of this when I called on the missing features.  The seller took the return then charged me a $58.00 restocking fee which was completely taking advantage of.  I give this review more for the seller then the phone but luckily enough Amazon intervened and took care of me on the restocking fee after I complained...  Love Amazon's customer sevice.

After a much-awaited launch of the Apple iPhone 5, I thought my Galaxy SII was going to be overshadowed.  Hardly. I really don't understand the hype of the iPhone 5 and I am glad I made the right choice. Galaxy S3 reigns supreme. With a Quad-Core processor, 2MB front camera, 4G speed and large screen - you can't go wrong; moreover, the battery lasts longer, than its predecessor's.

My relationship with the Samsung Galaxy S3 has so far been a fairly good one.It is the second samsung galaxy 3 I buy.

This Samsung Galaxy S3 is the Best phone I ever came across. It has all the features you can dream of and performs perfectly.Though it is an unlocked international version it has all the features specified. It works perfectly and does not need any change in the settings. I ordered this for my son and hopefully I can afford one soon. Looking forward to getting one for myself.

more or less

No problems. Nice neat box. Phone working efficiently in the caribbean. Reasonable price.  I using it now to write this review. Recommendable to anyone.

The phone works just fine, it is fast but I just don't like it.  The advertising is incessant.  I never had that on my iPhone. The only reason I switched is because I get  discount through my company.  23 months to go until the contract expires.  Also, the battery life is horrendous.  I need to charge it every night.  I hate this phone.

I'm dumbfounded on this. Like every smart shopper, I did my reviews on this phone, went to the store a few times to try it and finally 11 days ago, purchased it. Right out of the box, the phone would not get over 1 bar of reception regardless of where I am. Drove around town and found 1 spot about 10 miles away where I finally got 3 bars, but, um, my office is not there! Since my initial purchased,I've talked to Verizon countless times. They "boosted" the signal, reset it, and did some other stuff to it to no avail. I took the phone back and they quickly gave me a new one. Once again, same issue except now the phone is dropping calls like crazy plus the camera if way off. The pictures, specially anything vertical, leans to one side and/or looks like it has a "fish eye" effect. So I go back to Verizon, and within 24 hours, they sent me a new phone in the mail I'm excited, this is it,right? 3 minutes into a conversation, the call drops! So, guess what I'm doing in about one hour? going back to Verizon and chosing a totally different phone.It's a real shame, I really like this one. The screen is huge and it's easy to navigate. What a shame!If you are having similar issues as me, please let me know. I'm starting to think I'm losing my mind.ps. Nothing personal against Verizon, they have really gone out of their way to help!! THANK YOU

I BOUGHT AN S3 AND WAS VERY PLEASED WITH MY PURCHASE AS IT WAS MADE IN KOREA AS IT WAS THE BEST I EVER HAD AND NOW I WANT TO BUY A S5 FROM YOU GUYS ,BUT NOW AS IT COMES WITH NO WARRANTY AND WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHY AS I WOULD HAVE TO BUY FROM OTHER SELLERS WHO OFFER A WARRANTY AND SOME DON'T OFFER ONE.. WHY IS THIS??. THX.. MARIA W.

For me the top phones of the year (currently, June 2012) would go to the HTX One x, and this one right here. Featuring a 4 core processor it is extremely fast, and it also comes with Androids 4 series operating system which is very smooth and nice to use. Overall the phone is great, and every aspect so far has been great. Camera, speed, size, screen, feel, look, all super. Great job samsung!P.S. Love playing emulator games on this thing, currently playing final fantasy 7 with a bluetooth controller. Just goes to show the speed of this thing when it can emulate PS1 games without lag or delay.

When I first got this phone a year ago, I was all kinds of impressed with the &#34;smart&#34; side of the smartphone.  The thing is fast and the apps always work well.  The screen is great, and the size is perfect.Sadly, when it comes to using it as a phone, this thing blows.  Whether it is my parents flip phones, my sister's IPhone, or my wife's Samsung Constellation, they all get service in areas where I get zero.  And I mean zero, as in no signal at all.  The antenna on this thing blows.  And it's not just mine, because by B-in-law's S3 has the exact same problem in the exact same areas of service.  On top of that, when I do get signal, the signal blows. Conversations always contain lots &#34;What did you say&#34; and &#34;Please say again&#34; statements. Dropped calls happen far too frequently. And after a year, this problem is just getting worse and worse.I would advise anyone who needs to use a phone as a phone to look elsewhere.

This phone belongs to EU version, not the US version, so it's color pic so bad and blur. Long distance phone call is not clear. Amazon Inc. has to request to ad to specify to customer that what's version of the phone.

Until galaxy S4 is avaiable, this is the best smartphone at the moment, the only problem is the well issue about battery duration. I recomend.

I am enjoying this.  I was happy and I am still enjoying it.  I love it.  I love it very much

I got this phone and took to my carrier and they said it was an international phone so they could not activate it.  It did not specify that in the description so I was suprised and dissappointed.  But I contacted them and they refunded my money as soon as it was received.  It cost me shipping and insurance but lesson learned.  I probably would not buy a phone this way again.

its ok,it covers the screen pretty good, and its cleaning it when u close it. nice cover, see u

Technical Details3G Network HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 190016 GB storage, 1 GB RAMAccelerometer, gyro, proximity, compass, barometerExynos 1.4 GHz Quad-core ProcessorBest DROID phone on the market,WiFi a/b/g/n, WiFi HT40-Product DescriptionThis Samsung Galaxy S III (Mobile Broadband Generation 3G)comes factory Unlocked for any GSM and will work with any SIM card in the world. This Samsung Galaxy S III phone comes with all Original accessories in the box from Samsung.Qualcomm MSM8960 Snapdragon Dual-core 1.5 GHz processor 16GB of memory, and the latest ice cream sandwich operating system 4.0 from Android.Qualcomm MSM8960 Snapdragon Dual-core 1.5 GHz processor  (4G)orExynos 1.4 GHz Quad-core Processor (H+)????????????????

I mostly love my GSIII so instead of writing a novel about what is good I'll focus on the bad.  Note that the good far outweigh the bad.SoftwareAs with all smart phones, Samsung occasionally issues updates for their operating system.  With their most recent update they forced installation of several pieces of bloatware (junk apps that you can't delete).  This adds to the tons of bloatware that came with the phone in the first place.  Hey Samsung: if we want these apps, we'll download them.KeyboardObviously there is no physical keyboard which is a difficult adjustment coming from a Droid with a really nice slide out keyboard.  The auto spell, auto completion and whatever other 'smart' editors are available are just junk so you're left with a virtual keyboard where you have to poke around to hit your letters.  Fortunately the screen is huge so it's easy to use relative to, say, the iphone.Useless FeaturesThe feature where the screen stays on if you're looking at it simply does not work.  I've been using my GSIII for almost 4 months now and the feature has never activated (indicated by an eye icon that pops up) regardless of lighting except for about 5 times while not even looking at the phone.Another bad thing is the alarm clock's fancy features.  The phone is supposed to hear you say "snooze", "sleep" or a couple other similar words.  This is supposed to turn the alarm off for a few minutes and then try again.  However, my first word in the morning is usually a groan and the GSIII hears this and interprets it as "Please turn my alarm off and do not wake me again."  That's right, it not only doesn't "snooze" or "sleep", it just turns off.  I recommend not trying this feature if you really do have to get up early.GlitchesThe GSIII is not immune to freezing and occasionally requires a restart although the need to pull the battery has been rare.Be careful because if you turn on tethering (a service that costs extra) and then turn it of, you will get a pop up message frequently that tells you tethering is turned off and will bump you out of any writing you're doing (i.e. will erase a text message you're working on.)Adjusting the volume isn't as simple as the hard buttons make it seem; I still haven't figured out how to make my text messages silent without vibrating.The cameraOkay, we all know how good the picture quality is.  Let's kick it up a notch.  How about optical image stabilization?  How about optical zoom, even if it's only 10 or 20 mm?  Where is the native video editor like iphone has?Wi-FiWhile my PCs and all other connected devices blaze on my home network, my GSIII usually tells me I have a poor connection and won't connect, even with full signal.  This is pretty bad since I'm on a somewhat limited 3G plan (we don't get 4G here yet) and I don't even have the best signal for that.That's about all of the bad I've encountered with my phone.  Overall I love it although some Samsung-specific software changes would go a long way towards making this the perfect option.  I am hopeful that the GSIV will have a next gen camera and possibly even a slide out keyboard option.  Or maybe:[...](Sorry for the manual link...for some reason video reviews are allowed but picture reviews are disabled.)

phone is great but seller did not specify that it's for german market so S-Voice is in german.evrything else is great. love the phone. would be great to learn how can i change to english (S-Voice).

Didn't realize it was an international unlocked phone but has great instrustions how to use the phone and change into english.  Love the phone and fast service.

Coming to you live from the Samsung Galaxy Siii. I would first off like to say that this phone is all that and a bag of chips. Without the greasy fingers. LOL!As time goes on it know that I will not unhappy with buying this phone. It feels like this phone can do so much more than what my old droid phone could do. If you are thinking about getting a new phone is the one you should get. It is fast, easy to use and I have only had this phone for less then 24 hours. I hope that I will not have to update my post with sad news like this phone is not what I thought was.But so far I am super happy with pending my money on this phone.Update, I have had this phone for about 2 weeks now and found that I still love everything about it. How fast it is getting from app to the next and how wonderful it is to read and look up things on the web. It really is great to have the 4.8" screen. Over all I would say that this has been the best phone I have ever used. I think that if you are looking for a new phone you should consider it. Easy to use, larger screen, and it is fast. I have told almost everyone I know that they should look into getting this phone. It is really a great tool to have.

excellent phone, super fast, lightweight and comfortable, nothing to envy to its big brother the s4, I highly recommend this seller, everything was fast, not to disappoint me with all purchases I've made&#8203;&#8203;, thanks FGS Trading, from Maracaibo Venezuela

For a phone that is $700 it comes with quite a few problems. I have use an Xperia S previously and so I will be comparing the 2 (keep in mind that the price difference is about $200)This S3 phone advertise as having 1GB of RAM which I would expect to have at least 1/2 availble for use. I have about 379MB of RAM for Apps when the phone has just been turned on with no other apps running except for default apps; I constantly get errors during games after I finish checking facebook or gmail for not having enough available RAM. The total availble internal storage was 11.3GB usually for 16GB devices I would get around 14GB.Xperia S's specs stated it has 1GB RAM but I found it has 1.8GB availble when I use it and of the stated 32Gb it has 29GB Storage space available.Sometime the person I'm calling cannot hear anything I'm saying unless I hang up the phone and reset it. Wifi signals keep jumping from 1 bar to 4 bar randomly when I'm next to the router.It's weird how Samsung make it not possible to use camera while talking on the phone. If I'm on a headset or bluetooth that shouldn't be a problem for a quad core phone right?When I pick up the phone it doesn't always turn off the screen so my face would randomly activate apps/functionsIt's a nice quad core phone but the speed is not really useful with so little available RAM.

It's the perfection in Smart Phones. I 've never seen something like that. The only issue is, I received an opened box with the supposed new phone, it was used or  somebody tried to do something with my thing, I don't know.

The phone is in good conditions, but the handsfree was missed, i don' t get the hands free, so i dont like it so much

I dont have a lot to tell, just perfect to me! Do whatever i was looking on a smartphone, i am very happy.

The S3 is one of the best phones out there. I'm definitely not the best person to speak of it. Probably GSMarena.com has much better reviews on cell phones than me, that's one of many websites I use on my researches.It comes with the phone on the top, the manual right below and after opening the box you see the charger separated from the USB cable (both black) in a custom space and a pair of headphones comes with them. The headphones has the single cord and the right ear cable passes behind your neck. All together also comes the battery inside a sealed plastic to protect it.If you're coming from other Android or iPhone, definitely a good phone for the price! Totally customizable and awesome battery time, a little outdated by now but still a really good product.Go for it!

I bought this for my dad that leaves in Venezuela and he use it with movilnet and so far he love the cellphone and works fine! As all you know the only bad thing about this galaxy is the battery that runs out so fast!

I finally decided to upgrade my ancient phone,  it was so old I didn't even know the name of the model (it was like from the dinosaur times). The seller did send me everyrhing they said they were going to send.  This phone is lightweight, durable, easy to use, and very stylish. I would choose this phone over the iPhone 5 anyday.When I opened the package, I recieved the phone,  usb cable, wall charger, battery, back cover, and instrustion manual (in Spanish, but it didn't both me very much), and a pair of earphones. Everything the seller said I would recieve. Shipping was very reliable and fast, I'm glad they required a signature.The phone is very lightweight. Although the material doesnt feel durable, it is. I've dropped the phone quite a few times and still not a crack on the screen and the back cover still looks new.The phone is very easy to use,  I had it set up to my preferences within 15-20 minutes of taking it out of the box.The phone is very beautiful. The wide screen, titanium white color, the glisten of the logo. A lot of money and time definitely went into this phone. The only complaint I would have is the lack of unique phone cases for the S3. I haven't found any, so right now I'm using the flip case,  but that's another review.This phone is worth every single dollar spent on it. Like I said before,  I would recommend this phone over the iPhone 5 anyday.

The SIII is an exellent phone and more.I just get an return for every penny for this nice and usefull phone.

First of all to justify the price difference between One X and the s3 :-One x does not have 4g LTE capablityS3 has a better bigger screen with the gorilla glass 2S3 has a 2100 mAH battery than the 1800 mAH battery of the one X so better batter backup in the s3.S3 has a better front camera to the oneXS3 has Bluetooth with EDR.S3 has USB on the go.S3 has additional RGB sensor and a barometer.S3 has a removable battery and expandable memorythe various other "human" features introduced by samsung are a step ahead rather than the boring same old go with the flow feel of one xS3 has GLONASS gps compared to the traditional A-GPS of the one XS3 clearly out classes the oneX in numerous departmentsIts is indeed samsungs premium phone n hence its priced so high good things dont come cheap If u think u deserve a premium phone u wud not blindly look at the  price diff but instead would look at the additional features u wud be getting for  extra.

Love the idea of the phone had it for 5 months. Poor battery life and far too many crashes in the last month. Crashing about once per week, about to uninstall the last few apps I installed to see if that helps the problem. Speaker o the back of the phone is just a bad idea don't know why people are still putting the speakers on the back of phones.

I needed something basic but wanted to get something that I could grow into. Getting an unlocked GSM phone allowed me to use Straight Talk or a number of no-contract phone/wireless providers AND use this phone overseas by swapping out the SIM card. I've heard that the voice quality of smartphones wasn't great which was an initial concern of mine.  The voice quality of this phone is excellent. Battery life is a wonderful 2 days long. It arrive brand new in an unopened taped box and has worked flawlessly. I have friends who have the Samsung note. I do like their larger screens and SWIPE keyboard feature. But they must charge their phones after about 8 hours of use.  I never have to worry about by battery going dead during the day.  Friends with Apple phones do find their phones to be more intuitive to use. But they cost more and their usable screen size is smaller than my SG SIII.  I guess I shouldn't have been surprised when upon starting up the phone the default language was in Russian or Greek writing. But a quick search of settings  reset the language to English. As a bonus the international SG SIII has a radio app. So I can use my phone as a radio when I'm out and about. I used to always misplace my old flip phone. Now I know why people always have their smart phones with them.  This is a fantastic multipurpose device.

The phone is very good, I hope this time it comes unlocked, not as other one I bought in February that was locked and I had to pay more money to unlock it. The vendor never solved the problem.

Great phone.I have given 5 stars because I bought 2 for Christmas presents and recipients were very happy with slick design and easy access to apps. I would recommend this product for people on the go who need to be contactable at all times.

When I was told about the Samsung Galaxy SIII I was excited to hear about the upgrade. As using it for the last 8 months, I have grown to regret the change from my previous phone. This phone is good for pictures and the size of the screen, but using it as a phone and to get on the internet...It sucks!!! When I buy a phone...I want A PHONE!! I have since learned that the Galaxy SIII only has about 3 cell tower receptors in it whereas my previous phone...the Evo...had approximately 15. I will not recommend getting this phone to ANYONE...if you want a phone or use the internet!

Do not get your S3 near water cause it will be toast and you will be out a lot of money.

Last night my phone just died. Apparently this is a SGS3 known issue. However, I've called Samsung support for Latin America this morning and I was informed that because I've bought it here in Amazon, the phone had no Samsung warranty.The OS was up to date so that doesn't seem to be the problem. I didn't flash it. I didn't do anything unusual to it.I'm just really disappointed because I loved the phone and now, to be honest, I'm not sure I want to pay any more money to Samsung... I'll probably just buy a Nexus 4 directly from Google.

The Samsung galaxy s 3 as mentioned caracteristame which is dual core and according to what I have understood is quadcore, otherwise the phone mentioned here those are really the working frequency for operators I have no doubt that I will work 3G here in Venezuela with Movistar.

Awesome :) one. No problem what so ever and i gifted to this my Sister. She love it. Good one to buy.

EL PRODUCTO ESTA EXCELENTE, GRACIAS LO DISFRUTO AL MAXIMO, TODO LLEGO EN EXCELENTES CONDICIONES Y RECORD DE TIEMPO DE ENTREGA.

This is the best phone I've ever owned. It is awesome, has so many features and its smooth & fast!

It is super fast, I like the fact that the screen is so clear and big.  Have not had any problems with it and have had it for over 4 months now.  Awesome phone.

the phone was not unlocked and I could never be used to navigate in any internet telephony, a total fraud ... only receives and makes calls msg.

The ad was misleading.  It will NOT work on Verizon's service, unless it is a Verizon badged S3 (CDMA unlocked)I found this out AFTER i attempted to activate the phone using my existing SIM card.Very misleading...Now i have to re-order the correct S3 from another seller.

I am a Gadget Girl, so I change phones often and this phone hands down is the best one I have had the pleasure of using in a long time.It is ample memory and you are gifted with Dropbox space in case you need space for things that you want access to, but don't want to useyour phone or SD card.  Side by side next to my IPhone 4S 64gb running on Wi-Fi the response was quicker and pages opened in a flash.I went to iPhone this last time for Siri, well this phone has two personal assistant options and you can name them yourself and they seem tounderstand me much better.  There is S-Voice and Assistant from the Samsung App store.  Your app possibilities are endless, Google Apps, Samsung Apps, Amazon Apps and any other Android apps your heart desires.  This is one I can see keeping for more than six months.As to Hank's comments, not worth mentioning except don't try and buy a Bentley with Chevy money, you are out of your league.

Since a few months ago that I have left phone and very good, thanks for the excellent service and the high quality of the equipment!

I have had my Galaxy 3 less than a month and the screen cracked.  The phone was neither dropped or abused.  Samsung charges $179 to fix it.  What they failed to tell you is that if the battery overheats it can cause the screen to crack, or if stress points on the screen is exceeded it can also cause the screen to crack.  What the stress ratio is, they did not know.  Now I know why the store I purchased the phone highly recommended the warranty even for cracked screens.  This makes my fifth Samsung phone over the years.  However, it might be my last due to the concern on the lack of durability.

muyyyy buen producto

Simply the best phone I have ever purchased. It is the first phone I have owned that just works, and works really well. LOVE IT.

Phone: excellent.  I'm a former blackberry devotee, and was loyal to that full-keyboard for many years, despite wanting all the apps, speed, and other such features only available on iPhones and other such premium phones.  I am thrilled with my galaxy.  It offers the same ease of access to email, and many more apps.  Getting used to an android has been a bit challenging, but gets easier all the time, and has nothing to do with poor product or glitches.  I also love the camera.  The photos are absolutely beautiful.  Last note: I am using T-Mobile as my service provider; you will need to go to the store to get a compatible SIM card for this phone, as it requires a smaller one than comes with many of the simpler phones (I tried to configure it with an old SIM card from a 40-dollar phone at home - didn't work!).Seller: I bought this phone from VIVA2013 and completely recommend buying from this distributor.  It was said to arrive in 6-8 days but only took two days from over 2,000 miles away.  You will note that there is only one shipping-speed, but the product arrived quickly, in brand-new condition, and was well packed for protection.  This seller also necessitates the customer sign for the item on delivery, which is a great bonus as many of my amazon items are simply left at the door, whereas this item is far too expensive to be left unattended.Edited to add: This phone is a GT 19300.  It doesn't list this in the product description, and I was uncertain *which* G3 I would be getting.  Hope this is helpful to anyone who wanted clarification before purchasing.

We did not open the box to actually see the phones because while the phone is compatible with T-Mobile's GSM network, there was a page in the package noting that the phone would not be able to operate on the 3G or 4G network, and would instead operate on the edge network--which is (as far as I can tell) substantially slower. We purchased phones through T-Mobile and are returning these phones.

I took it to radio shack and I need my 435 back immediately this act is a criminal offence!! Thieves

It's the best phone ever out there. I recommend it. It's better than Apple's Iphone, it's better than even the Nexus. It has plenty of new stuffs.

It's a nice phone.my problem was its says unlocked but when to got to me in the Bahamas it was locked to AT&T.had to pay another $100 to get it unlocked

This worked well for only about 8 months. The charger went bad first and now the charging port on the phone doesn't work

Despite being a bit more for their discontinued date regarding software and hardware versions, I think a good acquisition. In countries suramerica you can sell at a good price.

I love this phone because it works so well and I love the feel of it in my hand. It was also affordable.

Great phone. Until now I don't have any problem. The 3g mode does  not be up all the time, but I think maybe is a problem of my company

I from St.Lucia and i ordered a galaxy s3 it working perfect but the only thing i didn't get from the phone is the memory card

I got my S3 in Amazon, by addicted to phones today... the phone was perfect, unlocked, in the original Samsung s3 box with all the accessories, it was on time, perfectly packed!!!! I was really satisfied with all!!!!I was a little scared to buy it on Amazon, because I had never order something that important!!!! but I am so happy with everything!!!thank you addicted to phones!!!

I' m very happy with my Samsung S3, every thing is as I saw by your webstore. The prize is very good and the shiping service was perfect. I recived my Samsung just on date.

the devise have problems inside it stuck, freez, make auto calls,turn off suddenly, give a black screen suddenly!!!!! problems.....I will return it to you.

I bought this phone (AT&T; network) after reading the rave reviews.  Most reviews it said it rivals or is better than the iPhone 4S.  Which is the phone I had.  I really liked the bigger screens, so decided to give this phone a shot..... That was 3 months ago.Now I want to go back to the iPhone because I can't stand this phone.  Some reviews said that the iPhone is sluggish, kind of out-dated and what not.  I don't totally agree.  It was reliable, this phone is NOT reliable.  My screen flickers when playing games, the keyboard is a crap shoot.  I can't even type a text message without having to go through and edit it.  It locks up on me and at least once a week I have to reboot it because the TouchWiz stops responding.Other than that it's a good phone.  I would just rather have a reliable phone.  And really the keyboard is my biggest issue, I am a big texter and poster on facebook.... this phone ugh I want to throw it out the window at times!So in conclusion, if you are used to android, go for it.  It is probably a great phone.  But, if you are an iPhone user who loves their phone, be wary.  This phone has way more glitches than the iPhone.

Great phone, amazing display and awesome features.If you don't have this phone, go for it; it is totally worth it !!

This phone is awesome...liked the on line guide book once I got used to the idea that I didn't have a hard copy.

Galaxy S III has a beautiful high-resolution properly-sized screen.  The phone uses fast processors and offers grest performance.  It only accepts mirco SIM card, so I needed to cut my old SIM card.  It is fairly easy to cut a regular SIM into a micro SIM.  There are lots of instructions on the internet if you do a search using keyword micro SIM.

I bought this phone to replace a Galaxy s phone. What an upgrade!! The phone is superfast and the screen is amazing. Seeing videos is HD is just beutiful

I am just going to throw out my impressions of this phone after 6 months of use. It is my first Android phone.  Battery life is abysmal and I have tried using the Power Saving mode to slow the very fast drain.  Literally, the battery goes down in 2% increments in a few minutes time sometimes.  I will look into an extended battery, but this situation is really worrying me. How can I travel any distances with such a battery-draining cellphone?  I have had to turn this phone off at times during the day just to keep it going while I am away and even then it is at the critical "almost dead" zone before I get home.The phone freezes up at times.  Several times I have had to take out the battery and reboot the phone.  The Facebook app freezes up.  Sometimes the phone just acts weird - like when it kept calling my daughter when I was trying to call other people.Not sure what is up, but if it weren't for the larger screen size and the lower price tag of the Samsung Galaxy S3, I would have opted for the Iphone 5.I am hoping that a trip to Radio Shack for some pointers will help me with this cumbersome phone.  I know that I need to install the update operating system - Jelly Bean? Not sure.More on this later.

This review is for the Verizon Marble White Galaxy S3.This is the best phone I've ever had. It's fast and sleek.Initially, I was concerned about the large size of the phone but quickly adjusted - I cannot go back to a smaller phone.  The screen is gorgeous to look at, browsing and reading is a pleasure with the added real estate.The 2100MAH battery is more than enough to last a full day with moderate usage.As for the software, Ice Cream Sandwich (the operating system for the SG3) is a huge jump from prior versions of Android. IMO, the OS matches and beats Apple's IOS in terms of fluidity. Throw in there the ability to customize your phone - there are literally hundreds of options to customize - and it's obvious why many are jumping ship from Apple and its outdated hardware/software.The GS3 is the best phone out there across any platform.  Do yourself a favor and buy this phone - you will not regret it!

I'm an Android advocate and was a happy user of the Samsung Infuse.  I was excited about upgrading to the S3.  The reviews convinced me to make the switch.  I've had the phone for about a week and although I think it has some wonderful features, there are just too many glitches.  Here are the two main issues I've encountered:1.  It seems impossible to connect the phone to a PC or a Mac.  I tried to connect the phone to several PCs, and I always received an error message about the computer being unable to install a driver.  This seems to be a widespread issue: googling this problem turns up many complaints in various forums.  I also tried to connect the phone via the Samsung Kies program that comes in a Mac version, and that also failed.  This is a pretty basic thing that you want to do with your phone.  It's unacceptable that it doesn't work.  I spent quite a few hours on the phone with Samsung tech support.  I discovered that if I revert the phone back to factory default, it can connect to my PC.  But once I've used it and installed a very few apps, connectivity is lost.2.  Less of an issue, I think it's resolved.  However, shortly after getting the phone, it was unable to connect to the internet.  I tried all solutions to the problem, but couldn't resolve it.  Then, mysteriously, several hours later connectivity resumed.I'm always nervous about being an early adopter, and I think in this case those who rush out to get this phone are going to suffer inconvenience as these bugs are resolved.PS I finally returned the phone, and this one is able to connect to my PC and my Mac.  I was careful to connect the phone and install the drivers right out of the box, before setting up any accounts or downloading any apps.  It's also a different sim card.  Who knows if it was a hardware issue or something involving the configuration of my phone.

When this item arrived I've noticed (little late) that the package had 2 seals-one upon another-which said "donot accept if seal is broken". The outer seal was intact but inner seal was broken(I could see it since the outer seal wasn't accurately pasted). Photo attached in the image section. The battery life is very poor compared to the iphone. I suspect something fishy when linking poor battery life with broken inner seal. Secondly, the price dropped within 20 days as s4 arrived. No pricematch unlike the US shops. But, I like the phone features, touch response, camera and ergonomics.

My brother bought the sony xperia s, my mom the htc one x, and I am a long time galaxy s2 user. This phone is the best by far.Most notable changes since the galaxy s2:- look and feel is better- front facing camera phone unlock- intergrated task planning to the home screen- assistive light widget which allows you to use the flash as a torch- drag to use camera (the only thing the htc one x had on the s3 but turns out s3 has it too ha!)- best photo when you use burst shootingHave had a white iphone 3gs and black galaxy s2 and the white s3 is really nice and I like the feel of it :)

not recommended phone is locked European version had to release him so he could work with my carrier. Thanks you

This thing is a total powerhouse. With specs that make average range laptops look obselete, you're essentially carrying around a mini computer. The new Ice Cream Sandwich UI coming out with this makes it even more sweeter, adding more user customization and making this phone more about YOU.The S-Voice is still pretty buggy, but considering its still brand new we can speculate that Samsung will be further improving this aspect to be on par with Apple's Siri.Google Maps actually ended up being DROPPED by Apple, for reasons I've yet to research. However as far as I know, Apple will take YEARS to make their mapping system as good as Google's. Bad decision in my opinion for Apple, which makes me lean towards the new Android phones even more.I also think this Gorilla Glass 2 hype is rather over-exaggerating itself in the community. This stuff is pretty scratch resistant to the point you wouldn't need a screen protector, but like with any glass it CAN be cracked, especially on the S III unfortunately. Dropping this thing on it's side in any way will most likely send a multitude of cracks from the impact point to the middle of the screen. Being dropped on the face or back won't do very much though. I'd recommend getting some kind of silicone case for it, NOT hard plastic (that stuff does nothing when it comes to impacts). Otterbox already has designs for the Commuter version for the S III, which features a silicone base with a hard plastic outside, which is more than enough protection.At any rate if you're looking for something with a stable Android OS (with MORE battery life than other Androids) and a lot of power, go for this. The price is definitely worth it, and as with almost all Android phones its got the expandable memory by buying a cheap MicroSD card and a replaceable battery.

I used the iPhone for two years until my contract ran out. I unlocked it, but still was not satisfied. I was still locked into the Apple system. The S3 android is more to my liking. The S3 works in concert with my android tablet and my Windows computer flawlessly. Each maintains a constant sync with the other on my home network. My wireless printer is connected to each device through the same network. Shared files are equally as accessible from either device. My library of books and magazines as well as music email etc. are available through either of my cloud providers on either device. If I had any negative to say of the S3, it would be it battery life while in use. This though is not a negative for me, but probably is for a heavy user.

El tel&eacute;fono me fue entregado en el lapso estipulado y es verdaderamente perfecto. Es una belleza de tel&eacute;fono.

This phone was in perfect condition and I would recomment it to anyone, like myself, who is against Apple products. Thank you.

I just got my s3 in the fall of 2012 and I can tell you I had a hard time choosing between the Apple Iphone 5 and this phone. The screen size and the sleek shape and size of the phone really caught my attention. I love phones that have a large screen so this phone won me over with that fact. I do own an Ipad2 so I did not want to have an Iphone 5 as well. It seemed silly to have both products while they can virtually do the same thing. I had the first galaxy that came out and fell in love with it. I ended up getting a new phone later on that was not a galaxy and hated it.  This phone has little hidden aspects to it that make it user friendly. The music linking by the touch of the back of one phone to another is really cool. If you are looking for a phone that is not the Iphone that everyone has then this is the product for you. I don't believe I'll ever have anything but a galaxy again.The con of this phone is ever since it had an automatic update the screen glitches a few times a day. I am not sure if this is because of the software update or if it is just the phone it self.

la compro fue exitosa el producto llego a tiempo  esta totalmente nuevo original  me guto mmucho el producto  que buena  compra

The screen size and resolution are AWESOME! However moving from iPhone to Android, especially on this phone is a love/hate relationship. The position of the back button (not really a button) on the bottom right corner, has driven me absolutely bonkers, as it is where you would normally hold the phone viewing landscape mode. Too many times have I been on a web entry form, only to  inadvertently touch that corner and it's gotten me back, where I don't want to be.Android vs iOS, if you have been an Android user all along it will feel great. As an iOS user, it's not as polished.Returned. Got an iPhone 4S. Do miss the big screen! Will wait for the iPhone 5 and hope the screen is as good.

When you get it registered with Metro PCS make sure they pop the T-Mobile chip in it. Works like a charm and I get better coverage with it than I get on my other phone from metro-pcs.

I would not know how well the phone works because I never got the Chance to use it. Games and Comics LLC  sent me a phone without Sim slot which was not what I ordered.and furthermore they did not agree to change it

it has been 5 days that i got my galaxy s3.this phone excellent.i cant even compare with other phones.the only problem was shippment.it came really late.that`s why i cut one star.but you can trust this is awesome phone

que hermosura de telefono incomparable, la calidad el dise&ntilde;o, la funcionabilidad estoy encantada, hasta ahora no he tenido problema gracias

I purchased for the gift, but receiver love it. I will recommend to family, relatives and friends and other people

Nice big screen and very fast web surfing.  Makes reading ebooks a pleasure. While the selection of apps are fewer, they are of better quality.  95% of Apple apps are garbage.  Doesnt drop calls like my (former) iPhone.  Like a breath of fresh air.  Highly recommended.

I went to Verizon to purchase a phone I had seen and researched. They didn't have it in stock and the Verizon store manager encouraged me to buy the Samsung 3.  I have had it for 4 months.  I do not like it.  It will just shut off at will even though the battery is charged.  Just a little movement of the phone and it opens an app.  Email account just stops receiving messages and it will say I am not connected.  I also paid 3 x as much for it at Verizon when I could have gotten it for much less from other vendors.  I was not aware the Galaxy 4 had just come out.  I received a rebate but even with the rebate it would have been less elsewhere.  Even answering it if you don't swipe it just right it won't answer.  Very easy to touch wrong icon and get something I don't want.  I guess I need to get used to the touch pad.  I had bought phones from this particular salesman before and was always satisfied.  I trusted his judgement.  But in this case I think he just wanted to sell out the Galaxy 3's in stock.  I would not recommend this phone.

Brand new in a sealed box, international unlocked version. Even had a slip of paper enclosed with instructions on changing the language.I have a family plan with Tmobile and daughter broke a couple phones. Shopping with the carrier I was told no S3's available and the S4 was $600+.  So this is the alternative.Phone works well on the Tmobile network except it's not a &#34;Tmobile device&#34; so any Android updates don't get pushed to it.  Still looking at how to get around that.Otherwise, it's everything advertised and works!

the phone Samsung galaxy s3 I buy here  the internet Is not workIng at all .I went to check it up and they say the phone is  international unlock It and the phone Is socks. that s  why the internet not working at all. so please please don't buy in amazon they don't say they true about they produce please please don't buy don't buy

Very good, works great . No complains so far . I bought it for my phone , the only problem is she doesn't get good service . Maybe it's just the carrier

3 samsungs in home all 3 have tye exact same charging issues. I sent one to Samsung and it was returned within a couple of days noting done and a notice that showed "warranty void" water damage. There was no water damage nor was the indicator red. I called to speak to 3 different levels of personnel who had no clue where I got that water damage ticket from and 1 supervisor informed me we "tampered with the mother board"  Needless to say the phone was 3 months old never damaged or wet and had a voided warranty. Be careful Samsung scams and has uneducated tech personnel.

Love my new phone. Just took me a few to get use to having to charge everyday. Didn't know data capable phones were like that.

The phone actually arrived 1 day earlier than expected, which was awesome...But I had to be out of a phone for almost a week. Then the phone was in another language (Spanish) when I recieved it and I had to figure out how to program it to English when I received it. But overall my Galaxy S3 works perfectly fine!

The tlf Meets my expectations but I'm a little unhappy that the purchase was a unlocket phone and I can not so. Tube to do an operation and pay $ 60 a page for THROUGH desblequearlo.| thank you for considering my opinion.Johan Contreras

this phone came unlocked but the software wasn't up to date and i had to pay an extra 50 US to update it

Excellent buy. Delivers what it says. This phone does exactly what it was made to do. The camera is great too.

Awesome cellphone it's all you need in a phone i don't know why people want an iphone it's fast an the reception it's good all that you expect and want

The phone got delivered on time,when it arrived it looked fairly healthy but when the phone was going to get connected the surprise came that it wasn't unlocked.

Have been having problems with charging this phone.The charging icon will be showing but the phone is not really charging,took  more than 12 hours to reach up 60%.Have been  buying chargers  yet no improvement.pls need help because  its to frustrating.

Let me start by saying this phone is BRILLIANT! Very quick and looks beautiful, and I have experienced no lag whatsoever.  The only thing I would say is that this phone is verrry fragile! I dropped it only a couple feet from the ground and the screen shattered! So overall, I highly recommend this phone, but buy a protective phone case if you get one!!

i've narrowed my choices for my next cell phone.  i would like to try a samsung this time, being that i already have an iphone 3gs.  however, the expensive galaxy s3 only has 16gb of storage.  my old 3gs has 32gb.  i've had enough of the haughty customer service i get from apple; and now, it's time for a change.  firstly, i'm looking for a company which respects my buying power.  respect.  secondly, i really need more than 16gb.  hmmm ...  i think i'll wait.  either apple will send me an apology, or samsung will push out a galaxy s3 with 32gb.  which ever comes first, wins.  period.

Much better than the Iphone 5....great features, very fast, light, the battery seems do not go for as long as I expected ...but with all of that working....

Like many of you I have been reading all of these "reviews" from people who don't own the device and was unsure on what to do and what I'd be receiving.First of all I ordered from Global Mobiles, whom I contacted twice before ordering. Both questions were answered in minutes. Phone same sealed in OEM box. There was also another box that included an adapter to convert the EU plug to US, directions on how to change language to English and instructions on how to setup APN to get HPSA+ speeds. Those weren't quite correct. If you're only getting edge speeds make sure to apply the following settings:Name: AT&T;APN: wap.cingularProxy: leave blankPort: leave blankUsername:WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COMPassword:CINGULAR1Server: leave blankMMSC: [...]MMS Proxy: wireless.cingular.comMMS Port: 80MCC:310MNC:410APN Type: leave blankIf you're a Mac user like me, make sure to download android.com/filetransfer. Otherwise the device won't show up on your computer.This phone simply put is amazing. I like iOS and I now have come to like Android. I don't see one phone as better. They both are great in their own ways. However, if like me you've been using iOS since 2007 or even the last year. The galaxy 3 definitely provides a breath of fresh air.I won't get into specs. There is no lag what so ever on the device and it is very fluid.As far as S-Voice. For the person that said it only comes in German. I can kind of see their complaint. When you first turn the device on you can set the language to English. However, when you launch S-Voice. It is still in German by default and you have to click the right arrow through several screens of German text before you can change the language. Typically the right arrow is ok/accept, so I was able to guess my way through it. Realistically though one would assume you only need to set the language once so I don't blame them. Again you can set S-Voice to English as well as other languages.The 4.8 inch screen is beautiful. Having an iPhone and iPad 3, I find this screen large enough to serve both purposes. I can comfortably browse, watch videos as well as read books.The browser is great as well. The larger screen again helps and it is nice that you can take advantage of flash.The rear camera uses the same parts as the iPhone 4S so expect similar quality. However, the camera has a ton of settings. Almost as many as stand alone cameras. The front camera on the S3 is higher quality and very crisp. One thing that I hadn't heard mention of was the LED flash. BE CAREFUL. In a completely dark room I literally temporarily blinded myself. In that respect it blows the iPhone 4S away in my opinion so I did get better night pictures.I didn't want to get too technical as for many they're just looking for a great screen, fluid OS and great browser / camera. If you have other questions let me know.

I did just get my S3 from a friend that went on a Trip to Europe.My first Impression:Case: Hmm, better than the S2 but still not state of the Art 3*Hardware: Fantastic, brilliant screen, Ultrafast processor, enough memory 5*Software: Runs stable until now. Love the nice Feature which keeps your screen on while looking at it. (Cam tracks your eyes)Runs stable and super-Fast. 5*Overall 4 *Hope Samsung will one day solve the case issue then it would be a clear 5*.

got this for my mom, her S2 gave in. and thought to upgrade her. but she complains about the quality of the pictures. though it is still very good - by far way better than iphones (iphones are absolute crap for pics) she does say her S2 took nicer pics. but overall has nice features.
