
I had this phone for 3 months already and it is fast, I have no lag issues yet. I had the Samsung galaxy indulge 4g for two years and I always had problems with it everyday. I don't have problems with coverage or data, the data on metro is faster than sprint and the other small counter parts of it, mainly just happy that I got this phone, the battery last all day even after listing music for 12 hours and I still use the internet for like 2 hours more and talk, I still have about 40% of battery after all that, I have no problems with this phone, I really enjoy having it

I choose this this rating because the seller could of stated what type of carrier it was going to work on I am out $60 dollars because it says all you need is a sims card  when I bought a sims card for it on Net 10 its not compatible it like it states.

I. LOVE..this phone. It's super fast, can hold tons of apps. Speed hasn't slowed one bit running music, searching the Web and widgets running on my home screens.i could not be more satisfied with this phone.ice cream sandwich is awesome..i live how you can customize everything!  the battery life is also a lot better than i expected..i would recommend this phone to anyone. I even bought my boyfriend one and he loves it ! Interface is great and texting is nice and smooth! My only (small) complaint is that there is no notification light on the front like all the other phones I've had. Thanks, LG for the perfect metro phone!

I was tired of my old Android 2.2 Phone so i went to the Metro PCS shop and saw the phone, Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich, Dual Processor, AND 1 GB RAM for $150? You have to be kidding me but nope, bought the phone and I loved it the second i got it. Everything is so fast! Everything from watching Youtube videos in HD from downloading Games. Also you dont need to root to get rid of all that crap that Metro puts on the phone, same with taking screenshots. The Battery life is about 4-6 hours if you're constantly using it but if you're just letting it sit in your pocket and taking a phone call/texting every once in a while the battery will last up to 8 hours. Phone is great for the price highly recommend!

I am super happy with this phone! Its a great smaller phone. Recommend to whoever doesn't need a large phone

I really like the phone. Phone came on time and in good shape. I will order again if i have too

I took good care of my phone, but the  phone started giving me problems. I took it to the store so they check out and they told me that my warranty still covers the phone. They said the only thing I had to pay $16.00 dollars for delivery. I went to pick it up, they gave me another one used. I told the guy that I was spectating a good decent one, but it just was a used phone in bad shape. Mine was like new. The other thing was that I had to paid a lousy delivery for 16 bucks!

This phone is smarter than I am at the moment.  There are more apps than I know what do do with, but it is great to finally have a phone that works well when using the Internet, shopping, etc., oh yeah, and for talking too.

Keyboard is difficult to use due to small size.Screen is too small to view email, internet web sites very well.Booklet enclosed contains very little instruction for use of settings, etc.

The seller was horrible never buy from this seller. He lies and cheats you out of everything possible he never sent me my phone and lied about it and blamed it on FedEx. Also I emailed him and called him went a whole month and heard nothing then he insulted me and was so disrespectful I have never had such a horrible experience the other ratings are all 2 out of 5 so you can see just how horrible BOOKWILD is so do not buy anything at all. He stole my money and amzon told me I waited too late so I am out 123.59 so don't be like if a seller has more than 2 negative reviews stay away trust me you will regret it for life

It was pretty used like had water damage, but again sufficient for my needs. Would I buy from this seller again? Probably.

the lg motion 4g phone is a great phone and i like it more than my old iphone 3gs.  Metro pcs is worth it !!.  The one thing that REALLY to me stands out about the 4g motion is the ability to SPEAK a text, name, e-mail etc and it will translate into text.  my typing has decreased by 80% and on a phone thats a big thing!. You do have to speak slow and its not 100% accurate, but.... it works for me and makes this phone a pleasure to use!  highly recommend this phone!

The phone woks like new and haven't had any issues with it after almost 4 weeks. I used the same kind of phone before and this is as excellent as the one I used before

This phone is better in a lot of ways then the iPhone my sister paid $800 for or the other phones my friends and relatives have that are hundreds of dollars.The only possible deficit is that I don't think you can upgrade it past the 5 gigabytes it comes with, but I've installed about a hundred programs and still have 2 gig left.Shipped fast too, got it long before I expected it.

I saw this phone on the Metro PCS website, but it was $149 up front with a $50 rebate making the net price $99.  Amazon had the phone for $99, so I made the purchase from them and saved $50.  The phone works great and is better than the Samsung phone offered at the same Metro PCS price because the OS is newer.

This is a great phone for the cash.Right now metro pcs is offering phone for $49 AFTER REBATES.This is a fast 4 G phone that has 5 gigs of memory for tons of apps and games.Tip if you hold the middle key down it shows short cuts to what you have been looking at,so if yourworking on something and get a call you can go right back to that page.the voice control on this phone works well, even when there is a lot of background noise there arevery few mistakes.When I purchased this phone I compared it with other phones I thought I wanted. This phone won hands down.I compared the phones on phonescoop.com there you can compare phones ,phone companies and plans.I bought my phone we went to visit my son who was going to buy an Iphone,within 15 mins we were headingback to metro pcs because he wanted one.We got our phones in the beginning of nov 2012 and its jan 13 2013my son still loves his phone.We noticed we can have zero bars and the phone still works.3g or 4g the phone it fantastic great buy for the money,we have an unlimited data and mins plan for $50 a month.

This is the best phone I have had yet.I was happily surprised.The only issue I have had with it, is for some reason I don't get an alert for text messages.Which started after loading my gmail acct.But I am sure that can be fixed without a problem.I highly recommend this phone.

The phone met my expectations. There were no scratches, nicks or cuts. It came in very good condition, however there was some static issues, where I had to hold the edge of my headphones for the audio to work properly. Other than that, up to par.

The cellphone is in great condition but I doesn't get any signal bars anywhere and It didn't said that in description.

I really like this phone. I bought this phone for my sister after she fell in love with the one I bought for myself a few months earlier. It's capabilities are great especially for the price.

I already owned the same phone but it broke when I dropped it and wanted to replace with the same model.  My provider no longer offered this model, so I was pleasantly surprised when I was able to find such an excellent deal.  It arrived timely and was in great condition.

Dont buy it its waste of time and money, you wont be able t o activate the phone its a virus phone.

Not a bad phone but not a great phone lasted me about a year and a good portion of that I was tranning in the army

Got the phone at the Best Buy in Dartmouth, Massachusetts about a week ago this phone is amazing for the price of only $99.99Pros:Android ICS 4.0.4Dual-Core 1.2 GHz Snapdragon Processor1 GB of RAMAdreno 225 GPU (Games)4G LTECorning Gorilla Glass5 GB internal StorageMicroSD slot (32 GB Card max)1080p Video RecordingFront facing VGA (Skype, ooVoo, eta..)5 MP Camara w/ autofocus & LED flashCons:3.5 inch screenOnly 165 ppiFinal:This phone has a lot of bang for the buck and can run very intense games like Dead Trigger and Need for Speed without a problem with a 1.2 GHz processor and 1 GB RAM plus 4G is really fast even for MetroPCS if you can over look the small screen and low-res this phone is awesome

I love this phone!  I am sometimes resistant to new technology, but this is better and easier than a qwerty keyboard.  The touch screen is soo cool!  It's easy to use and has a longer battery life than my old phone, especially if just texting or making phone calls.  The battery does get used up faster if surfing the web.  But if you have a computer, you can easily just plug the phone into your computer, using the cord that comes with your phone.  It charges in full within a few to several hours.  It's easier to pull up websites and take pictures.  And this glass is stronger than regular glass, they call it Gorilla glass.  You can also download ringtones and wallpapers, much of them for free, because of the ice cream sandwich platform, which is google based.  The platform also makes it easier to use email such as hotmail, facebook, etc.  I got this at a discount of $80, due to a gift certificate, but it is about $149 regular price.  The phone is worth it, whether you pay regular price or get it on sale or at a discount.  My sister has this phone, she bought hers before I bought mine, and loves it as well.  This will hopefully help!  :-)

Excellent very good 5 star

the phone had water damage when i got it and the 4g and sim card slot did not work properly so i had to get another new phone.

This phone is really great! The screen is thick and touch and can hold plenty of the many loved apps. Phones for me crack easily but wow it lasted through an accidentle fall down the stairs. The only reason i gave it a 4 was because I thought it would be a bit bigger.

I love it. Thank you. I hope that it work, because I will go to metropcs and apply . Thanks

I bought the LG Motion on Amazon and activated it with MetroPCS. The whole process of activating the phone and switching providers while keeping the same phone number went off without a hitch, and Metro has been excellent thus far. But about the phone:Pros:Very small and lightweight.Camera in front AND back.Android 4.0, difficult to find on a cheaply priced phone.Great reception thus far.Interface looks REALLY good, my friends with iPhones have admitted that this looks cooler.microSD expansion slot (not available on a lot of phones.5 GB internal memory, eg plenty!Basically everything else about the phone.$150 is a GREAT price for this!Cons:Comes preinstalled with lots of junk MetroPCS products that they want you to pay more for. However, all (not some, ALL) of these can be either uninstalled or disabled. to return to a basically stock Android experience.I doubt this phone will be getting Jelly Bean (Android 4.1). But right now I'm happy with Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0)Sends any text over 160 characters to an MMS, rather annoying, although you can get a different texting app to change this.There really aren't many cons to this device. If you're here reading reviews, just buy it; you'll be very glad you did!One more thing. My friend with an iPhone said, "$150? I got my iPhone for about $200, so it's not that great of a deal." I replied, "Isn't the iPhone like $700 without a contract? Because I don't have a contract, and I pay $40 a month as opposed to $90 for unlimited everything." He shut up pretty fast.

Have no problems with it yet. no crashing, no lag, just no service but thats not the phone. Thanks a lot!!

I purchased the LG Motion 4G from Metro PCS about a year ago. First, if you do buy this phone, be aware: Not all models have a SIM Card.  Mine does not have one, and my daughter's does. I thought she was fortunate until she told me, and I later read, of the problem removing it and the warnings about  possible related loss or damage to your data if you remove it and ... she did lose all her pictures after removing it.  I sent her those she had sent me, so some were restored to her phone.Regarding functionality:  I was very happy with it until I discovered I was not receiving any notice of phone messages. I had missed messages anywhere from 3 days to 7 days!  My daughter texts, so hearing from her was not a problem.I was already accustomed to the phone and its many excellent features.  To give a well-rounded review, I should include what I do like very much about the phone, not just the glitches.  The internet access is lickity-split, fast as lighting.  The email comes in very well and is easy to handle. The resolution for reading, or looking at pictures on YouTube and other videos, is clear as a bell.  I read a great deal on this phone, and listen to radio podcasts that it provides off the internet, and that is of very clear sound, and it recharges very quickly.When I went into MetroPCS  describing the problem of not getting notice of phone messages, I asked them to phone me and leave a message.  An alert came up, but I deliberately did not respond or use any function of the phone.  The alert remained in view for only one hour!  When I searched the internet, I found this problem was common enough to be written about.A problem that began in the past three months:  The talk-to-text function, which had been very good, has become very frustrating. Granted, it did better when I talked-to-text directly from MetroPCS, which seemed to indicate the problem was specific to my house. However, it had never happened all those months before.  In addition, it happened to my daughter as well, and she lives in another part of town.Another problem that began in the past three months:  We have to push "Done" after speaking a few words, and the last word will be left off until we push "Done".  If you're not already OCD, this will make you so!  What's even stranger is, the talk-to-text does much better in the morning (like me!).  Now I'm thinking "Twilight Zone".Here's something else:  Now when we send a message, it shows "Sent" but the identical message pops onto the messaging screen as if it had not been sent.  We now have to erase the duplicate or let it get tacked in front of the new message (annoying for the receiver). To get around it, I insert a character  onto the new message screen immediately after sending the message.  This phone has got me trained!A small issue for me, but possibly important for people in business or who own a business, you should be able to "Group" your contacts, but I tried it on two and could not make any changes, not even deletions.  It does well on "Search", and that would be one way around it, but grouping is a pretty nice and quick feature if it works!Trying to reach LG was of no use. The recording told me that if I would wait an hour or more, they could probably get to me.  From what I have read, people are having very different experiences with the LG Motion.

I researched before buying this phone and it looked like the best buy for the money. I was impressed with the internal memory capacity most of all. I had the phone for a week, and was loving it, when it began to vibrate continuously and then went dead. I called LG and they tried to have me do a hard reset to no avail. I then had to pay $20 to send it to Texas for repair. Three weeks later, I got it back. I spent the evening re-apping it, ect ect. Within 24 hours, it was dead again. I called LG crying. They said I would have to send it BACK AGAIN. At least they offered prepaid FedEx labels this time. It has been almost two weeks and they are &#34;still repairing it&#34;. In the two months I have paid for and owned this phone, I have had it about six days. They said they would expedite it, since it was the second time. Pfftt. Good thing I'm not holding my breath! Really LG?! Really?! At this point, it better work when it comes back or I just want my darn money back!

I love it. I Previously had an iPhone 3gs but this does so much more and is much much faster. I have had less problems then my iphone(when I first got my iphone that is there were a lot of problems). I have this LG for almost a month. It has great battery life it lasts all day, even when I use it a lot.The only problems I've had is that a few times it randomly went on silent. And once it turned off by itself and wouldn't turn on till I took the battery out and put it back.Besides that it's great. Good call quality from both ends, has a loud speaker phone which I like. Great back and front camera with flash with so many options it's great for taking pictures of fast moving people and in different lighting conditions. It has a lot of memory, 5 gigs. I love the navigation it is very easy to follow I never get lost. It can find and connect to wifi where ever there is wifi with no password without me having to do anything. Everything it does is fast even when I'm doing many things at once there's no noticeable difference.And the service has been great this past month I haven't had any dropped calls but I have had static once but I was driving and that was a 30 minute driving conversation on bluetooth.

The phone works as advertised.  For the price, you can&#8217;t beat it. The interface isn&#8217;t as simple and straight forward as an iPhone but once you get use to the shortcuts and app tools it seems to work fine.  The call quality is quite good and the size makes it easy to handle.  The carrier is Metro PCS and I have had no difficulty in contacting them for support.  The only disappoint so far is that you can&#8217;t tether the phone to other devises.  It seems that Metro PCS has recently blocked this capability.

MetroPCS is a so so company, especially with the CRAPPY phones they sell. I am confident though that if their merger with T-Mobile goes through, it would be a win-win case for both customers and the merged companies.Now to the LG Motion 4G, Folks, let us learn to appreciate the valuable things that we hardly get from companies like MetroPCS. First, don't forget that the LG Motion is the first MetroPCS phone running Android 4.0.4 which means bloatware has naturally been taken care of in the OS. With just a few clicks, you'd have nothing to do with MetroPCS's JUNK apps. Second, the phone's specs are nothing short of a decent, modern handset. The 1.2GHz dual-core processor is snappy and crisp, 5MP camera with 1080p HD recording is pretty decent, 5 GB of internal memory is a perk, the 1700 mAh battery is highly competitive with the BIG guys that cost a fortune! And the last but not the least is the price of this device. $149 compared to the other guys with similar specs is just INSANE!Now to the NOT so GOOD: The display could have been better, but then again, something must be sacrificed for LG and MetroPCS to make a little profit. After all, the higher the display quality, the lesser the battery life!In conclusion, if you've had issues with MetroPCS in the past, now's a good time to reconsider them. If you're a respecter of VALUE and QUALITY, then hope that the T-Mobile/MetroPCS merger goes through. And finally, please call a spade a spade!Thanks

it was Everything it was described.overall SATISFIED!! and Yes would definetly recommend and or would purchase from this sellar again.

This phone uses a back cover that scratches easily on day one. To solve this problem I bought a rubberized hardcase to protect this precious phone. The screen uses a very durable gorilla glass. The screen size is okay because it's about the size of an IPhone screen. The dual core processor in this phone is great, allowing you to multitask. There is very little wait time when you start this phone up. I can browse on Chrome and watch 1080p videos with little to NO lag, with the 4g lte. 4g lte is notorious for draining battery life. This battery drains fast.I personally love the front and back camera with LED flash. It's loaded with features that will keep you entertained for a while. The shutter speed is quick thanks to the dual core processor. This is the only Metro phone using Android Ice cream sandwich. In my opinion this is the most intuitive software android has ever made. The metro bloatware doesn't bother me because I can delete most of it. A simple restart solves any sort of loading problem it may have. Since I am on a budget I wouldn't dare drop this phone because from the outside it seems fragile, so I got the monthly $5 warranty. It's loaded with more features than I was expecting for the price, and all of them were done well.My Pros: the durable glass cover, fast browsing and download speeds (with 4G LTE), Camera and features, 1080p video, fun and easy to use ICS, Games have no lag.My Cons: battery life, no adobe flash support on android 4.0 and beyond, the back cover scratches easily.

I got this phone for my youngest son and really loved it and can't keep his hands off it. And the phone came sooner than I thought,  We both were really pleased with this product. Thanks!!!!!

I have owned this for phone for over a year now and I can say it is a solid phone! I am about to buy an gs4 but the phone is still in great shape after a year. I dropped it more than 15 times but still working! fast enough to play games or doing other stuff. If you need a basic smartphone with a reasonable price and pretty functional this is something to take a look at! just consider size of the display because it is kind of small compare to new smartphones that you see nowadays. I recommend this phone to a friend!

I love this phone! It's easy to use and full of fun things! I ordered next day shipping and the phone was on my doorstep within 14 hours. It was awesome! I would use this seller again and again. I highly recommend this phone!

My grandson is going to love it for his birthdayon the 17th.

I love this phone.  I also purchased a 16gb card for it so I would not load all my photos and videos directly onto the phone.  It charges very quickly.

I did my research on this phone and side by side compared to the Galaxy 3 it only lacks the galaxy's memory capabilities which wasn't necessary for my use.  Otherwise, the platform is basically the same for a far lower price point.  It's an excellent value 4G phone if you use Metro PCS service.

The phone is nice but it's a bit smaller than the new versions for LG Phones. I will continue to use it until I can find another deal on a metro phone.

I bought the LG Motion back in October and it is a great phone.Although the specs list the CPU at 1.2GHz, it actually benchmarks at 1.5GHz and rivals far more expensive phones in Quadrant testing.1GB of RAM5GB or ROM (Internal Storage) + a provision for a 32 GB Micro SD card.4G LTE which gives me D/L speeds of around 7.x MBPSInexpensive, easy to replace batteryLightning fast phone.5 MP Still and Video camera with LED FlashThe pics look a little off-color when viewed on the phone, but once transferred to your PC they look fine.This phone is packed with features and you can remove the "Bloatware" that Metro PCS puts on the phone.Millions of Apps in the App StoreNo having to use that awful "iTunes" app either.For the price, you will not find a better phone. Period. End of Story.I liked mine so much that I have since upgraded to an LG Spirit which has a few enhancements plus a 4.5" screen, but it is far more costly, but is basically the same phone, but with a bigger screen.If you are looking for a great, fast, inexpensive phone then look no further than the LG Motion.The only cons are the 3.5" screen and the screen res. isn't on par with expensive phones like the Sammy S-3, but for less than $100.00, it's a flat-out steal.Get it and you will love it as I did mine and still do, but my old eyes need a bigger screen so I had to upgrade to a larger screen at a higher cost and ordered the LG Spirit.I can't think of a single thing about this phone I don't like. Battery life is fine if you don't have a bunch of features running simultaneously like WiFi and Data, as there is an option to auto-switch to Data if WiFi isn't available for example.I charge my phone overnight, listen to music all day at work with my vast music library on a Micro SD card (Something you can't do with an iPhone) watch a few YouTube vids, make/take phone calls and maybe even take a few pics or vids and my battery will last the entire day.A spare battery is less than $20.00, so it's affordable to carry a charged spare, keep one at work or just plug the phone in if you are going to use it in an environment that has an electrical outlet. I have a charger at Home and one at Work so I don't have to lug around my charger and losing it would make it harder to charge my phone, although I have a USB cord to charge via my PCThe 1700 mAh battery should be more than enough if you turn off extraneous features that you won't/aren't using and should get you thru an 8 AM to 11 PM day as long as you turn off features you aren't using anyways.Like I said, best bang for your buck smart phone on the market.I bought mine when Metro was having a promotion, so I pay just $30.00 a month for Unlimited Calls and Texts, plus 250 GB of Data. Since I have WiFi at Home, Work and even on the Bus to and from Work I rarely go over my Data limit and if I do, Metro doesn't charge me extra. They just throttle your Data speed down to 3G which is still fast enough for audio & video streaming.I dumped my iPhone 4S along with the expensive contract that came with it that I was handcuffed to once my contract expired.I'm now saving over $500.00 a year and I own the phone and not the carrier, so I can sell it and upgrade to a different phone if I like, which is what I'm in the process of doing. With the $50.00 a month I'm saving by switching to Metro, the extra money in my pocket makes it easy to upgrade to a better phone and/or spend it on other things then paying $80.00 a month to a contract carrier just to use a cell phone.Metro - $1.00 per dayAT&T; - $2.67 per dayMonth-to-Month is the future of the industry and contracts are expensive and keep you handcuffed and locked in for two-years. No Thanks.BTW, Metro will be merging with T-Mobile this year and T-Mobile is planning on spending 5 Billion on upgrades, although the Metro PCS service is great as I never run into "dead spots" or have dropped calls like I did with AT&T; and the monthly cost will not change and Metro PCS users will have more phone choices as well, as well as increased coverage areas although I've never had a problem with lack of signal.Win/winGreat job LG and Metro PCS!

The phone has a pretty good camera, and has a fast processor that hardly ever freezes!  The battery usually lasts me all day and I am very satisfied with my phone.

This is one of the best buys out there.  I never used an android before.  I bought this one to see if I liked it and figured I could eventually upgrade.  For now, it is very good.

This phone is pretty good and I enjoy it the only problem is that i can't get 4G signal for some reason. If that problem gets solved, I'll be sure to raise the rating.

I was looking for a new phone, because I have Metro PCS.  I had the Huawei Activia... I went through 2 of them, they both erased my SD card information (and I am a hair stylist that had client before and after pics) on the phone.... all gone.I checked the reviews on here regarding the phone.... 5 stars with 35 reviewers!!!  I went to Best Buy to exchange my Huawei for this phone (LG Motion), and I have to say I am over the moon with happiness!!!  It has 5GB of INTERNAL MEMORY, and I put a 16GB SD Card in it... HAVEN'T HAD ANY PROBLEMS!!!Seems like this phone is just what I was looking for.  By the way, if you buy the phone at Best Buy, they will go looking for the cheapest price for you.... I paid $134.99 for mine!!!If you are having problems with your Metro PCS phone, and are looking for a new one..... I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE!!!

For the money this phone is acceptable. The first one I got kept on turning off on me and I went through Metro PCS hell to get them to honor the 30 day warranty. They were claiming that the phone was fine. (Yeah right).The replacement is working well as far as that problem.However, one big negative is that it's very hard to type on the keyboards compared to lets say an Apple I-Phone (all of the 3 "selectable" styles) so it makes surfing the unlimited web and texting quite a task since every other time you hit a key it's the wrong letter. Luckily it has the voice subscribing feature which helps with texts. However, without a good internet connection that doesn't work well either.You get what you pay for is the bottom line. You don't get a Cadillac for the price of a Chevy.

I think this will be my first review, so here goes:I love this phone for the price. Remember you get what you pay for. but at 150$ AND the 30$ a month unlimited (almost) everything plan(4g speed of up to 250 mb. do not use a radio app as you can use that up in an entire day.) when i have it in my hand people think it's an iphone 4s. that's about the size of it. i like the flash for the camera but it can get a little too bright in dark lighting. at full volume when playing music, the battery gets to 15% after about 9 hours of music play. the 5gb internal storage is pretty good, but i recommend getting a 16 or 32 gb if you're a gamer or have lots of videos you'd like to take with you. Call quality is amazing. Since i don't have FaceTime, i have the yahoo messenger app along with the video calling plugin. i just wish there was more content to the google play store. yes, it's pretty good for an android that can play almost all video games on the play store. all of the apps run smoothly. i'm happy with my phone. task manager and app manager help a lot, too, for killing apps that run in the backround. i love this phone. it's my first android on my budget. maybe i will upgrade to the samsung s3 for the screen size. i give it 5 stars for my first android phone. good luck. and do more research before you decide on investing on a pricey phone.

This phone would be best phone ever if screen was just an inch bigger. The power and speed of this phone is amazing..

Buyers beware!!!! this phone will stop working in the Metro PCS network by July 7th 2014 in many areas, check with Metro PCS if your Zip code is included in the new technology switch from CDMA to GSM or you might end up with a black plastic useless paperweight.

The best cell phone for the price. Great battery life, 5GB of internal memory!!!You can uninstall bloatware,Totally responsive, facial recognition, Android 4.0, front and rear cameras...This phone has it all, combined with MetroPCS low monthly bills this is the best phone on the market!!Why pay $200-$400 for a phone??after discounts and rebates I paid $50.00 ..Do the research it doesnt get any better than this.

The screen on one phone stopped working 6 weeks after I bought it.. too late to return to amazon dealer. I had to send it to the manufacturer and they replaced the screen. I had to purchase another phone at Metro pcs. So far no problems with the other phone I bought from you, my daughter loves it. 3 stars because I had to spend 15 dollars to send it to manufacturer certified mail, and spend another 125 dollars for a phone including transfer of information to new phone, until this was resolved.

this is the worst phone i have ever used or bought.  i cant even use it to call the Verizon store i bought it from TO COMPLAIN ABOUT IT.  the screen freezes in BLACK when i pull up the Contacts menu.  the screen freezes in black when i pull up the TEXT MSSG  menu and then RESTARTS.  i just purchased this phone last night at 7pm.  by 10 o'clock i had experienced such problems listed above.  every time i try to call someone, and the screen freezes, my friends text me asking if i butt-dialed them. how HUMILIATING.

Gu&iacute;a phone its great. price

Thing is awesome. I like it more than an iphone 4. It is super fast, super small, and very comfortable in the pocket which i like.

I love, love, love this phone. It boasts great features: front/back cameras, lots of widgets, quick memo, and more. It's easy to navigate through. I can link my gmail account, facebook acct, and stay connected.  Great android 4G service.

I've had lg motion for a week from amazon the phone is so awesome i feel like i dont diserve it,if i purchase another lg motion can i get a discount?

Doesn't have gorilla glass, it's standard-fragile-finger cutting-glass. It fell out of my pocket (1.5 feet) and shattered the screen to the point it became hard to see the screen. Isn't gorilla glass supposed to stay in tact a little better than that? The hardware was okay, if too many apps were running it'd freeze up and have to be manually restarted.

I've had this phone for 2 weeks now on the metro PCs prepaid plan.I've got to say I'm very satisfied with the purchase so far. I've had HTC Android devices and though HTC is of better quality this phone is very good for its price. The screen its very small. The battery is good if you can change the settings on it. The way it comes set up doesn't let the battery last more than half a day, but if you change the battery savings settings, you will have the phone working all day with heavy use, including video playback, not at the max brightness but somewhere in between.I have not tried gaming on it, the screen is too small and I can use my tablet for that. The battery seems to last at a constant rate regardless of what you use on the phone as opposed to going through battery faster if you use different apps, which is great.This phone its amazingly fast. I mean it's iPhone fast.maybe because of the size I don't know but there is no lag  whatsoever. I've opened more apps on  it  than on laptop with 2.4 GHz and 2 GB ram running windows 8 and I have experienced less lag.usually with these new phones you don't get much lag anyway, but this phone it's really above average because of the responsiveness of the screen.now I'm not saying this is the best Android phone out there, but for the price it is a great deal. Btw I typed this review from the motion using Swype on Firefox for Android.

a few scratches that were not mentioned but other than that is pretty good it does its job and cases hide the scratches

The phone was supposed to be new.  It was used with someone else's phone numbers on it.  It didn't work.  I spent 2 1/2 hrs on the phone with the cell phone company before they gave up trying to get it to work.  I turned it in to a local metro store and paid for a new one.  I will never shop on Amazon again.  That is a promise.

So much better than my Samsung admire!The LG Motion is so much faster, freezes way less, and reception is never an issue.The battery dies pretty quick, though, thats my only dislike so far.For someone on a budget, that wants a great phone, i highly recomend it.

I love this phone mostly because it doesnt live on the charger! It actually last almost all day. Maybe its because its new? we will see..

This phone works great. I have it for about a year and I have no problems. It is much cheaper than an IPhone and you get pretty much the same apps.Jen

Although the phone itself is probably fine, this product is falsely advertised as MetroPCS ready.  When I took mine to MetroPCS, I was told that the Sim Card is invalid.  It is a MetroPCS only item and not eligible to be sold by private dealers.  I was unable to activate the phone with it and was forced to drive to a corporate location in order to purchase a new Sim Card.  Any money saved by purchasing through Amazon was wasted on the new Sim Card.

works great  i do not have any complaints. would buy it again. it takes great pictures. has four g hot spot

Ensure you have 4G Metropcs coverage in your area before purchasing.  You can check this on the coverage map on their website, there is a list of cities in the bottom right hand corner at the time of writing.  In fact if you order from Amazon (not market place) they will cancel the order at checkout during the shipping address process if your address is not in one of these cities.  This device is also carrier locked so will not operate on any other network.This review was completed after applying the over-the-air software update from version (C to D).This runs on ICS 4.0.4 and is the same as every other phone with ICS.  Besides saying this is a general improvement over Gingerbread, theres no point in commenting on this operating system.  I will also not comment on the availability of rooting, custom recovery, bootloader unlocks, system restore facilities etc.  There appears to be less of a need for some of these in ICS.CPU/ OS performance/ Memory 5/5Excellent, dual-core processor (multi-task), lots of memory and fast in every respect - biggest selling point of this device and most important.  You can install and do whatever you wish with no lag.  I have noticed some rogue apps maxing out the processor occassionally but this can be caused by many factors.  You need to kill them if they do this ASAP, a maxed-out dual core processor will only drain the battery quickly and create lots of heat.Screen 3/5This has an IPS screen therefore it is rich in colors.  Its so rich that the lighter colors appeared a little washed or contrasty at first use.  In reality its simply displaying a wider color spectrum.  The screen is very responsive and smooth.Technically speaking it is a low resolution/ pixel per inch display but this is not noticeable.  The brightness toggle range isnt wide enough.  Its too bright in dark environments on the lowest setting and not bright enough outdoors on the highest setting.  Smaller is better with screen sizes but this screen is a tad too small for this spec.  This is most noticeable when typing in portrait, selecting text, or using the -+ buttons in maps.  Maybe a 3.7 or slightly larger screen would have been a wiser choice.Sensors 1/5Its difficult to swallow but this device does not have an ambient light sensor therefore the screens brightness will not adjust automatically.Even after the update, the orientation sensor sticks and spins in spatial apps e.g. Google Sky.  It is also inaccurate by a screens length and device movement isnt accurately represented in the app - oval instead of a circle.  This is coding not hardware related.  As a compass it works fine.Comms 5/5All work well on this device, also has WIFI-direct. I will not comment on 4G data performance as this varies due to a multitude of factors.Call Quality 4/5As there are many factors that influence this, im not going to comment on it via MetroPcs`s network.  When calling through Skype performance was acceptable whether using a headset, front speaker or speakerphone.  The speakerphone was a little weak though and better suited to quiet environments.  As the speaker is at the bottom it would probably be muffled if you were holding it in your hands.Audio/Video 4/5As the chips in this board are excellent,this device has no problems playing any videos.  Even though the sound level was not quite as good as beats audio on my Admire which maxed out at 85db, its a more than satisfactory 75db.  On the plus side theres a lower possibility of the speaker blowing.  As with all devices the speaker is on the back so expect some muffling depending in what surface it is placed on.  Headphone performance is exceptional (I use JVC) and will depend more on which brand youre using than anything else.  If you purchase three button iphone headphones, everything should work apart from the volume buttons.  Most if not all one button/ mic headphones should be compatible with this device, you can one click and multi-click (play/ pause/ forward track) without an app.  Use the Philips headset app to increase click functionality.  The advertised Dolby sound along with other effects can improve sound quality but only function through the headphones.Cameras/ Video 3/5Pictures and video taken during the daytime are more than acceptable.  The camera is quick and responsive and it records in HD.  Low light conditions can be rather challenging though as the sensor sometimes shows lots of noise while colors are often incorrect.  Manually altering white balance and flash settings can correct some of this.  In all fairness maybe they could have selected a better sensor and worked on the auto settings.  Its also not clear whether the geo location is ready or not as there is no icon.  The front camera is more than satisfactory for video calling/ facial recognition if lighting is adequate.  Go to google and type "cnet review lg motion" they too mention the camera noise issues.GPS 4.5/5This uses GPSONE 8+ with Glonass support (Russian system).  Its a preconfigured out of the box multi-moded system working in both network (only hot start) and standalone (Off-network) modes (Cold 20+ db, Warm 15-20+ db , Hot 10-15+ db with assistance).  It also has cache support and works in the range of 7-45 db in use.  The highest range for a portable device is about 6-50 db so you cant beat this performance.If you were to put this up against a Galaxy S3 this would beat it hands down.  In fact if you want a good GPS enabled device avoid Samsung all together.  They use their own single-moded firmware which isnt adjustable.GPSONE is the way to go.ConsTheres no AGPS for Glonass.  When warm starting in standalone mode, time to fix can be anywhere from 10 seconds to many minutes under the same conditions. Instead of a clear cache button, cache is lost on reboot.  There is no easy way of adjusting your AGPS settings.  I also noticed it sticking sometimes when using some 3rd party apps, this is most likely only a compatibility issue though.  Youll lose a few SNR/ DB if you have a case on. Last known good location/ coarse location is not available in between fixes or after reboots when using it in standalone (off-network) mode.If you wish to see a comparable LG device with GPSONE running goto Youtube and search for "LG Optimus Elite - Virgin Mobile (full review)" select "mstechify" review and navigate to 3 mins 15 seconds in the video.  This test is a hot start in network mode.Ports/ Buttons 1/5This definately has a custom board/design as it doesnt follow the standard layout for Qualcomm PCBs.The internally placed SD Card can be problematic if youre having difficulty with connecting and using it with a PC.  Even worse if you have a case on and have to continually pull it off to gain access to remove the SD Card.  At least they didnt place it behind the battery o).  Your views on this may vary depending on how you use the device and the PC youre connecting it to.It would have been nice if the up and down buttons changed tracks as with MIUI, this saves waking up the device.  This does not have a camera button as it has auto-zoom and the volume buttons act as a shutter.The Micro USB port on this device couldnt be in a worst position.  If youre a heavy user, youll often find yourself charging and holding it at the same time.  Therefore the cable is frequently moving with extra stress often placed on it as it rests against your hands.  Even without this, USB port failure appears to be one of the most common wear and tear failures on these devices.  The port should be where the power button is and more devices are now being designed in this way.  I have even seen cheap import phones with this layout.LED Light 4/5Even though it didnt appear bright enough for videos it was more than sufficient as a camera flash.  Although its a little too bright for those looking at it, the most useful function is as a flash light - power efficient too.Backup 4/5You can backup your data to the phone and some of it to Google.  I am not sure how transferrable this is to other devices though.Charging/ Battery life 4/5You can fast charge this with the wall socket or slow charge it through the computer. The USB cable could been a tad longer.A fully charged battery will last from as much as a few weeks down to a day depending on youre behaviour.  The biggest battery consumer is the IPS display.  If youre actively using  connections such as wifi/4g these will also use a lot.  The CPU will also use a lot too but only if it has a heavy load.An excellent feature of this device is that once the screen is turned off many other parts go into a sleep mode even if your playing music, saving lots of power.Internal Memory/ SD Card access via USB/Computer 1/5This is one of the worst proprietary systems I have used in several years. This review is the worse case scenario, i.e. your running Windows XP.  Functionality and reliability increases in Windows 7/8.Your drives are grouped virtually and not individually or logically on your computer.  With virtual drives you can do nothing more than view your files and copy data to and from them.  If you open or edit anything it has to copy (cache) to your computer first to open.  Not a problem with small files but try and open something large.  Functionality is increased in windows 7/8 but more restrictive in Windows XP.Virtual drives dont appear to apps on the PC so you cant select the drive or any of its files via an app.  You also cant fix the drive or obtain any property information about folders.  If your drives dont appear straight away its because with this system they have to be scanned before theyll display on your computer - be patient.Just to make matters worse performance and reliability varies from computer to computer and day to day.  We used it successfully one day while the following day we got it working just once and it was slower than USB1 speeds.  We gave up after a few hours.  Unfortunately its just luck whether you have success with performance or reliability with this system on your computer.A PC mag review of this device also revealed similar problems.  This can be found by typing 'PC Mag LG Motion review' in Google - its mentioned in the cons box and in the review itself.Overall 3/5Overall not a bad device for the price. Its certainly much better than my old Admire in many areas, but not all.  The Google (4/5) and Qualcomm (5/5) parts of this device appear pretty exceptional.  Unfortuntely LG appear to have made some poor decisions about software/ hardware and some aspects of the design (2/5). This somewhat makes it feel like an unrounded device, therefore overall it receives a 3/5.I would still recommend this as one of the best budget smartphones around at the moment but wouldnt shout about it.  Dont forget at this price point because its been heavily subsidised.  If youre just a caller and a texter, a 30 dollar device should suffice.With regards to smartphones in general, it still feels as if were 3-4 years away from mature products.  I actually had to copy this review out of a draft in the email app to a text file so I could edit it on an offline computer.  It took me an hour, it wouldnt select and copy it all in one go due to cache issues.  Then when I completed it manually, it wouldnt scroll down and the options would hang over the drag arrow, pretty lousy stuff from Google.Link to the review of my old phone. Reviewer name: Glyn, Rating 1/5http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-R720-Vitality-Prepaid-Android/product-reviews/B005VT9XE4/ref=cm_cr_pr_hist_1?ie=UTF8&filterBy;=addOneStar&showViewpoints;=0This review is intended for potential buyers only not those who have already purchased the device.  If you already own the product and have opinions of your own, instead of contending with my review or reviewing my review, please post a legitimate review of your own in the appropriate location.Btw dont buy screen covers for this, the one that comes on in the factory is good enough and doesnt come off or at least mine hasnt after one year.  I do have a case though and did snip the top part off so i couldnt catch it.

The Sim's Card doesn't work on these phones because there are no clarity of directions with metro pcs. I wish the instructions would be more detailed.

I am very happy with my new cel phone, it is amazing, very recomended for every people for the invaluable tecnology

Has a flash which my old Metro 4g phone didn't. Super fast and I just love it. The phone is able to update too.

I ordered this LG Motion 4G cell phone from Amazon because of all the great reviews. Got it on Thursday which was a really fast delivery. Went right to my local MetroPCS ($40 monthly plan btw) and had it activated and my old number ported from NET10 which took less than 5 minutes. Awesome! I learned about the Android operating system and figured out most of what I needed to know for my needs.However... Later that night, I went to use it and it was completely, and I mean completely dead. Took out the battery, waited... Plugged in the charger... Nothing. Hmm.Now here I was with my new ported phone and it does not work. Well I had to buy one locally on Friday as this one has to go back. Otherwise I would have to wait for this return and a new one to come my way back from Amazon. All this time without a phone.Anyway... The new LG Motion 4G so far works beautifully. I sure hope it stays that way, as this phone is really a fantastic inexpensive smart phone that does everything well.The fact that the Amazon product failed is luck of the draw. It happens (hopefully just once in my case). I wanted to go with 5 stars but had to hold back because of the failure.The sound quality sounds great in my opinion. I recommend it -even with my problem.UPDATE:I so badly want to give this 5 if not 6 stars!Is it wrong to love a phone and great service from MetroPCS? 4G is great and defaults to wifi whenever possible.Also, kudos to Amazon which issued me a refund (although not recieved just yet) the day I dropped it off at my UPS center. Cool!I only hope my LG doesn't die on me...UPDATE 2:So far so good after almost a month. Refund quickly received from Amazon. All good! Still love this cell phone.

Everything was good but then when I went down to get it turned on the guy told me that I couldn't turn on the hotspot cuz I had the lg connect

It was broken and it was my first time buying something on amazon and I hope it can be fix it I get a new one

I have owned this phone for about a year and it has been great has all the same functions as a more expensive galaxy phone. And it has a unbeatable camera i take the best hi quality vid with this phone. And it has tons of memory and memory space. Worth every dollar.

low price got mine in june for 29 bucks with in store rebate and I use the 40 dollar plan.  call quality isn't the greatest . but surfs the web easily and fast, battery is kind of sucky. but for the price i got this at no complaints.

Please note that I have been using iPhone 4(AT&T;) before switching to this phone.  This review is entirely based on that as I have not used any other iPhone higher than iPhone 4.The Good:*Price(Assuming you are not paying over $100)*Gorilla Glass(hard to break screen)*Dual Processor*Cheap Metro PCS plan*Icons provide more personalization than current iPhone*Very light and thin, which makes it possible using it one-handedThe Bad:*Talk and sound quality are average at best*Weak batteryThe Bottom Line:To save money, I had to say Good-Bye to my iPhone 4 from AT&T; and switch to MetroPCS.  I've cut my bill by about half and still received a phone that is decent alternative to iPhone.  My other option was to get LG Spirit, which is a bigger brother to LG Motion, but despite it's bigger size, it was more expensive and I found it difficult to use it one-handed.  There are some things that are better and some that are worse than iPhone 4's feature set.  Battery is disappointing, but you may upgrade it, as bigger batteries are widely-available.  Sony Music Unlimited app(I pay $1 a month) on Androidis better than Apple's app at this time, since on Android you may "scrub" music aka play it back and forth as oppose to current Apple's where you can only go to the beginning, so that was a plus for me as well.  iPhone had retina display and better pixels, but it did not have gorilla glass and was prone to being shattered if you dropped it.  Also this phone is cheaper to replace should something happen to it.  To each their own, but ultimately this phone was a good fit for me in the current situation.As far as MetroPCS being taken over by T-Mobile, do not let that scare you.  It will take about a couple of years until you will have to choose another phone, so your change will be natural if you get this phone now.

Im finding it hard to understand how to work this phone ( Im in my late 50's) so that might be the problem. I had a blackberry smartphone before and found that quite easy to use. My nails are too long to push the dial pad etc., confuses me.. I prefer my smartphone - sorry!  Im sure its a great phone for someone who understands how to work it

i have the lg 770 if you go to metro pc web site and you can compare phones this phone for 149.00 is better than the phone for 399.00just go and compare before you buy this phnoe for the money iis awsome

Got this phone for my girlfriends dad who hates smart phones and still uses an old flip phone.  We gave him this one and know you can't get it away rom him.  Super easy to use he loves it.

It works the best if you keep your wi-fi engaged at all times. She found some one to take the-data usage hi-alert off(don't know how), and it works great now.

I bought this on March 2013. Now, December 4th, 2013, it won't charge. and it is not the battery or the charger. I purchased  new ones and still won't charge. F great!.

I previously owned an HTC Evo V 4g with Virgin Mobile and that phone was super sluggish. This LG Motion is cheaper, but much quicker, and can do everything that the Evo was capable of doing and then some. I got this phone for $97 flat and I must admit that I was surprised that I paid under $100 for the perfect phone. Buy it now, you will not regret it!

I had a plan with another carrier that only had a 100 minutes of voice.  I need more minutes.  The plan most suitable for my use is Metropcs, the $30 plan, unlimited messages, talk and 250k of 4g data. The phone selection with Metropcs had some reasonable priced phone, but the OS used in these phones is Gingerbread, quite old in my opinion.  When I came across the LG Motion 4g LTE running Ice Cream at $150, the phone is within my budget and the operating system is close to what I wanted.  My goal was to have the new phone operating on Jelly Bean, but I didn't want to pay %400 or more for the phone.  I have used the LG Nexus 4 for a while so I am spoiled by the use of Nexus.  With Jelly Bean, I don't need to type my emails, messages, or searches as the phone is able translate my voice to texts quite well. The LG Motion after a little training of my voice, I am able to do most tasks with the LG Motion. Asking a voice question on Jelly Bean, I would hear a voice response from the phone.  On the LG Motion, I had to read the response. The voice recognition is on par with LG Nexus.Many reviews of the LG Motion, stated their calls are not clear.  I am able to hear the other party quite clearly on my calls.  So on voice, I am most satisfied about this function on the phone.  The size of the phone is about right for phone calls. On battery life, with just a few messages and emails, 40 minutes of talk, and cleaning up apps and re-install of apps, I still have had 71% of battery charge remaining at the end of the day.  I had a battery app installed with an aggressive setting, lowered the screen brightness to 25% and disabled WiFi and data when not needed. On initialing a call, the sound of the ring of the other party is not a pleasant sound. I use my cell phone to make phone calls, messages, short emails, find my car, look for place to have a bit to eat, finding my ways to and from, weather, traffic, time of cities and countries, where friends live. So the LG Motion screen size is just fine for my needs.  For reading news and articles, researching and purchasing, I use my large 24" Elo touchscreen monitor with a small form computer to perform these tasks.

Great value for the money. I paid $100 with $50 rebate. It has Android 4.0 running with a dual-core processor on Metro's 4G network.  It's compact (2.4 by 4.4 by .45 inches & only 4.7 Oz) so it fits comfy inside your pants.  Its 5 MP camera is acceptable for a budget phone. I have a 32 GB microSD card in it (bought $20 here on Amazon) so I won't have to worry about its limited 5GB available memory (which I use it mostly for apps).  Anyway, here are what I like and don't like about this phone.What I like- Great value: you can't beat paying $50 for a 4G phone with no contract.- Good performance - thanks to it's dual core processor (1.2 GHz).- Android 4.0 - many of the Metro's phone are still running the older ginger-bread OS (at a higher price)- Accepts microSD cards - I use the 32 GB card but I hear it also accepts 64 GB microSD card as well.- Good battery life - it lasted 2X more when compared to my work phone (Samsung Galaxy S3).- Front facing camera - great for Skype- Very compact & light (fairly thin as well).What I don't like- Low resolution screen - it's only 480-by-320-pixel resolution- No HDMI connection- lots of Metro's bloatware apps but that's with all Metro phones.- Speakerphone is weak so don't count on using it much for conference calls.- As with all Metro phones, you won't be able to upgrade the OS (unless you root it).All in all, its the best Metro phone for the money. I highly recommend this phone!

Wow.  The Motion 4G is DEFINITELY the best/most smartphone you can get for this amount of money. There isn't anything out there that even comes close.  The processor is fast enough to handle even the toughest of multitasking, and it's got enough RAM to run all of your apps at once without ever having to "auto-kill" anything to stay snappy.  It's an A+ phone.  My only let down with this phone: the fact that since T-Mobile and Metro merged, this phone (as it is CDMA, and Metro is switching over to the T-Mo GSM Only network structure) will no longer be supported as of 2015.  That still gives you plenty of time to enjoy this awesome phone without having to fork over all that much of your hard earned cash.The other thing that people really concern themselves with, and I am in this category, is development.  With Android being FULLY customizable to your EXACT tastes and specifications, through rooting, people usually want to make sure they are getting a phone with a thriving development community, so they can tweak and change their phone as often as they'd like.  Well, that is one thing that the Motion has that many of the other cheaper smartphones don't; development.  And lots of it.  AndroidForums has a very active Motion 4G community, with plenty of different ROMs, ports, and add-ons.  Also, the root method is simple.  A piece of cake.  And while the Motion 4G has a "locked" bootloader (disabling mods and carrier unlocking) the bootloader has since been patched with an exploit known as "Loki", allowing Motion 4G owners to bypass the security checks in the kernel, and do whatever they'd like to their phones.All in all, this phone is a ten out of ten.  It has everything you would want: speed, memory, and development.  Definitely a good choice for the novice, and the enthusiast alike.

I can't rave enough about this phone; I love this phone.  Both my husband & I have it.  Definitely worth buying.

The phone is just what I thought it'd be. It works perfectly for what I needed.No glitching or stalling. Battery life is good, wish it was better.Shipped fast  and I'm very satisfied with the results.If I need a new phone I would buy from this seller again.

I've had, and used this phone for nearly 2 months now, and it's a fast, snappy phone.ICS is a good version of android, the processor is fast, the phone is very responsive, and it's a very low budget phone..HOWEVER,The decision made by LG and Metropcs to provide this phone with a locked bootloader will severely limit the effective lifespan of this phone, by inhibiting development of custom ROMs and Kernels.  ICS isn't the latest version of android, but the choice of locking the bootloader means that no developer will be able to potentially code a version of JellyBean for this phone.  It also prevents things like CyanogenMod, ClockworkMod, and any other widely developed and supported Roms and Kernels from being installed.If the bootloader were unlocked, this would be THE BEST PHONE on Metropcs.  As it is now, I can only recommend it if you aren't an enthusiast about cellphones, or if it's the only phone you can afford.

Many other reviewers have explained why this phone is so good. I'm just here to concur, everything positive they have said I agree with, nothing bad to say about this phone.

this phone is great! im dooo glad i purchased it. i would recommend it to anyone. love love love it

metro corporate stores SUCK, the sale of this phone was GREAT!  i hope i can get the phone hooked up soon before it needs an upgrade...how ridiculous is that!UPDATE: NEVER GOT THIS PHONE HOOKED UP BECAUSE IT MUST COME WITH THE SD CARD ALREADY IN IT! I'M NOT SURE IF THIS PERSON SOLD THE PHONE KNOWING THAT THIS IS THE CASE, BUT IT SUCKS THAT I WENT ALL OVER TOWN TRYING TO HOOK UP THE PHONE AND NOTHING!!!!!! HAD TO RETURN IT IN THE END....POOR SALES KNOWLEDGE!

When I talked on Phone it would echo, and have a lot of noise.It used the old MetroPCS network.So I upgraded to the LG Optimus F3 for the $49 promotion.Got the TMobile Network, much better battery life, no echo.Much more powerful processor.In other ways the same phone, especially on look and feel.

The phone is great, my husband loves it. The only problem is the charger that was included does not work....

I had this phone for 4 years. If you want to go online and do a lot of app stuff this phone is not for you, but if you are like me and just need a phone to check email and stuff like that... its perfect. I mean it plays games, but since i use my 7inch tablet, i found playing games on my phone useless.

Had the phone now for about 2 months. I can comfortably say....This phone is a beast..Sound quality so loud and crisp, color is bold, end button highlighted for after phone calls, speaker nice and loud, pics in the worst of lighting comes out really nice, speeds superb...price $99...#morebangforthebuck

I purchased this phone within about 2 weeks of the end of their special for this phone on their website.  I sent off the paperwork for my rebate the very next day.  6 weeks went by and I never got an email from Metro stating that they got my rebate paperwork.  I called them and they asked me if I had a copy of the information I had sent.  Lucky for me I scanned it before I sent it, which I normally do.  About 1 month later I got my rebate card.As for the service, I use about 2000 minutes a month or more.  Do I get dropped calls?  Yes.  Did I get dropped calls with other companies? Yes.  I look at it like this, I have unlimited minutes if I drop a call I will call back.  Hense I'm always driving when I'm on the phone if I get a dropped call.I love this phone. I wish the screen was a little bigger, but I don't want to carry around a huge Samsung phone either, they remind me of the old Brick Cellphones of years ago.  Sure a huge screen would be nice, but that is not the main reason for us to carry a cellphone.My 500MB of 4g Data is always very close at the end of the month, but I always make it.  It is very fast.

Superfast Fast Phone...Android 4.0...almost 6 gigs of memory ...and I have had it for 2 months and have never been happier

I've had this phone for about two years with Metro PCS, It was great for the price and the plan I got it with it, saving me loads of money going elsewhere. Not tech savvy but here's my input:Pros:- cheap, looks great, does its job well (used it for calling, texting, schedule planning, and rarely the internet).- plays games and music apps well.Cons:- battery life is sub-par, I live in an area with coverage near an area without coverage, and going into buildings would quickly drain my battery.- Battery occasionally overheats to dangerous temperatures: I've had it in my pocket only to feel it burning my skin, grabbing it and immediately taking out the battery (which was too friggen hot to touch). Battery overheating happened multiple times, but only 4 times where the phone hurt to touch, only this morning seemed to be its final time.- software issues:1) Had this weird issue where if an unknown number would call me, it would first show up (as the person is calling) as one of my friends from high school who occasionally visits. I would answer it, expecting to hear from him, only to find telemarketers or wrong numbers. Have learned to just not pick up the phone when that one person seems to be calling and told him to communicate with me via other methods..2) 90% my second most called number would not work, I would call them only to hear the &#34;busy&#34; dial tone. Would call using someone else's LG Motion on Metro PCS and it would work no problem. Checked to see if maybe they accidentally blocked my number, but that was not the case. Issue is still unknown.TL;DR-  Great for price and basic internet browsing, GPS, scheduling, etc. Some wonky software issues that MetroPCS couldn't help with that were irritating. Huge issue with battery overheating (with little to no programs running) in pocket during day and while charging (eventually led to phone's death), Great temporary or basic phone, but would upgrade instead of buying again.

This is a great phone for anyone that loves to surf the web, download apps like Twitter, Facebook, YouTube,  and send text messages!! I was so happy with my purchase plus it was very affordable excellent price!!

Received the phone and activated and set it up. When testing I could not get the phone to ring. I spent more time going over everything trying to make sure I hadn't missed something. When plugging in headphones I could hear all sounds, but without, no sounds. The next day I drove to a MPCS dealer and she confirmed the phone was defective. But never fear, it was under warranty and in five days I had another. I had my old phone, so there there was no inconvenience except for time and alittle gas. These things happen. The phone is nice and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a simple to use smartphone with quality and a bargin price. When my wifes' contract expires I'm getting her the same. With Metro PCS there is alot of value and for the past few days I've used the service there were no problems. Good phone and service

I was very happy with my phone until it went crazy on me.My screen is doing what is called ghosting...I went to a Metro store and they confirmed the phone has a problem....Now I have to pay extra fees for a 35 day old phone that I bought and can end up with a refurbished phone...I still love the phone when it works but I cannot stay with the phone like that.....Beware there is no returns for LG or Metro......------------------------Updated 2nd timeSo I opted to send the phone to LG for repair.... good choice... got my issue dealt with quickly and in 3 business days my phone was fixed free of charge and sent back to me. Once received the phone was like brand new finally!!!!I had to bring to a metro store (corporate store) for them to work on my account/phone and set the 4G speed again as the LG reboot and reset erased it from the phone.it gave me some headaches in the beginning as i got a phone with problems (bought from metro website) but after all issues dealt with I have a fantastic phone now!!! starting to really feel the goodness of what it seems a great phone...very happy!!!-----------------------Updated 3rd timeI have this phone now for about 5 months and I can tell you: RUN TO THE NEAREST STORE AND BUY ONE FOR YOURSELF!!!!it has all the features you want on a smartphone these days and the price is unbeatable....the best deal in town for months to come specially if you are a new customer and get the 100 bucks cut.I can surf the internet like if i'm at home, listen to music, play games, take pictures, talk to my friends and many other cool features with this phone.DUMP THE IPHONE AND GET LG MOTION!!!you will not regret... and save tons of dollars.I just dont give a 5 star couse of the initial problems i had described above otherwise would for sure be 5 stars.all other issues like short battery life and small screen are not a big deal to me as I'm able to work around it easily.It might take you 1 to 2 weeks to figure all the features on this phone but you will have a great one once you buy it.

This is a great phone for the money. It's fast, stable, and doesn't freeze up ever. It runs apps like a dream.

I can't really write a review on the phone because I didn't buy it for me, but rather for my sister.  She said, &#34;she loves it&#34;! She has nothing bad to say about it.

I purchased this phone because my wife has the same one which we purchased new. It's a great phone. But.....when buying a used phone, be sure the seller includes the SIMM card.  That's right, my phone came without one. That fact was never mentioned in the ad.  Just say'n

This phone is very simple and easy to use for a beginner or pro to cell phones.  It performs many tasks and can do what other 4G phones do.  I am happy with this phone but just wish the screen was bigger. As a first time smart phone user, it has shown me things that I didn't know a phone could do.  It's easy and smart. I recommend this phone to anyone who is looking into getting a smart phone.

I researched online this phone and it was described as being a quality product, so I purchased the phone. I was not disappointed, and the price below other listed prices.

This phone is faster then the htc onex and galaxy s2 the phone is super fast the only down side to the phone is the speaker is not that loud and the screen is small other then that the phone is very nice for 149 out of contract you cant beat it

very good  Excellent is like new and no one notices that have used it before, I really liked this phone, I recommend you and goodbye

love this phone I had dropped my metro one which was old in water two times and after that I decided to buy a new one on amazon and could be more happier.

This phone was for my daughter. Very reasonably priced and excellent features. After I realized that I should have bought two more of theses phones from amazon instead of wasting hundreds of dollars on iPhones. Boy did I learn the hard way. The Lg Motions 4g phone is yet by far the better phone price and feature wise then the IPhone 4. Too bad amazon has raised the price on the products because I would buy two more and get rid of my iPhone forever!!

I suppose It is ok, i do have issues with it, it freezes quite a bit...and the screen jumbles around sometimes..

The phone was in great shape! Battery life was perfect, and no major damages or even noticeable wear. The price was fantastic. I am highly pleased by the outcome of this purchase.

great entry level cell phone . a lot of features . the only problem is the sound is a little distorted but not too badly .

I live on my phone so I was excited to get my first Android.  It is great and I have friends that have iphones that have nothing on this phone especially for the price.I just need a car charger so that I don't run out of battery. Compare it to the iphone and the Galaxy for the price and I would take this phone any day.!

the seller did not disclose the lack of support for this phone, took it to metropcs they dont support it anymore.needs a sim card, so went to metropcs website bought a 3 pack simcard [different sizes]none are supported by the network.basically this phone is useless, you wont be able to make calls or anything, save your money, mine is just sitting on the desk

I am delighted with my new android LG 4G LTE smartphone from Metro. It`s just the right size and weight, its beautifully sleek and smooth NOT bulky design, and ofcourse the super fast 4.0 Android system and 4G LTE connetion. I have the unlimited plan and the 4G speed is awesome. Best buy ever made, phone wise. Don`t regret. I also love that it is highly customizable and has the option to uninstall system "bloatware" without root! Battery lasts until night with normal use so that is also great, but I always carry my charger anyways. Overall a great deal compared to others in the market, budget wise.

I bought the LG Motion 4G phone the day it came out.I do agree that the battery runs down if you are using the phone constantly texting, etc.There is a power saver option on the phone.However, it doesn't take very long to recharge the phone.In regard to the $50.00 rebate, it only applies if you purchase two phones at the same time. This was a bit of a disappointment, but I am still glad I bought the phone.

i love this fone its a great fone.. its a smart fone and i recommed it to all the parents and kids out there....

The sim card for this cell phone is not on sale by metro pcs no more,will be useless buy one only if you collect them and hanger on the chritsmas tree

I received phone "LG MOTION 4G" without wall charger (missing),  not able to charge it. IT SHOULD BE INCLUDED IN THE BOX. I need to get my missing charger or will have to return the ordered phone. Can't find any Tel.# to contact customer service to discuss it.

its a little small but come to me and works fine, was a bit pricey at 100$ but it okay of a phone.

The call Phone wasn't bad for the price no scratches on the phone still look brand new. but the only thing was it didn't come with a SD Micro card. but overall i will still but it again if i had too

The phone is very handy and functional. Good processor, advanced Android version, nice 5MP camera, front camera. Good sound, you can turn on Dolby Digital if you have headphones. Very good display as well, good quality. And Metro PCS is GREAT in my very own opinion. Right now, for $55/month you have unlimited everything.

I am VERY happy with my phone. It's a little bigger than my last phone (LG Optimus S), has more memory, & very easy to learn/navigate. Only drawback, not Amazon's/shipper's fault-When I went to activate phone, Metro had it on sale with rebates, for $49, $100 cheaper than what I paid. Metro store I went to couldn't help since I purchased it through Amazon..

This phone is solid, dependable and never gives me trouble. I tried the larger version for a while, the LG Spirit 4G, but it was garbage, always freezing and working very slowly. I got rid of it and went back to this phone.

Very fast phone! It's actually faster than many Desktop and Laptop COMPUTERS out there even though it's a phone!!! I'm a Hardware & Software technician (Microsoft Certified Professional), therefore I fix, build and program computers.THIS IS CERTAINLY THE PHONE FOR THE VERY DEMANDING, PERFECTIONIST AND:* For those that want to have basically ALL of the features available out there at the present day;* For those that are "needy" and want to install and run TONS OF APPS at the same time WITHOUT slowing down or even freezing up the phone;* For those that want to watch high quality live videos, listen to radios, podcasts, news, etc... etc... etc..* For those that even want to use the phone as WIFI HOTSPOT* Etc... Etc... Etc.. too many features to list....Get yours quickly! You'll be VERY glad you did!By the way here is a short list of some apps that you might want to download and install for free from "Google Play" app as soon as you get your phone:* Kingsoft Office (FREE)* Adobe Reader (FREE)* doubleTwist (FREE and also PAID VERSION is excellent - I OWN THE PAID VERSION)* Ad Network Detector (FREE)* Mr. Number (FREE)* Backup Master (FREE)* ASTRO File Manager (FREE)* Digital Clock & Weather (FREE) Don't forget to install its widget on your screen and customize its color, shape, etc... so your phone will look very cool!* BBC NEWS (FREE) Don't forget to add their AWESOME widget to your screen* Tunein (FREE) So you can basically LISTEN TO ANY RADIO IN ANY COUNTRY IN THE WHOLE WORLD!!!* SimpleReader V.1.10 (Free)* World Newspapers (FREE) Read Newspapers from any Country in the Whole World!* Calendar Pad (FREE) Don't forget to add their AWESOME widget to your screen also!I could go on and on for hours writting this review but yes, I'm a very busy IT Professional so please don't try to contact me and get even more free advice on computers and etc... :) Consider this review and these tips as a Christmas gift from me to you. So now go grab your phone and enjoy it!Last tip: I don't like the "Google Search" bar on top of the screen so if you don't like it either and want to get rid of it, simply go to Settings > Apps > All > Google Search and disable it, that's it. The bar will now be gone. Cheers...Happy Holidays everyone!

Excellent  Quality. More Features. Better Price. Easy to Use.Very Easy Setup. Good Network Coverage. Affordable Plans Phone Operates Well 4G.

Finally had to let go Blackberry 8130 that I have had for 4 years.  MetroPCS had a fire sale right for one of their popular phones before they put this one up for sale.  Smart move.  Had they not done that, they'd have a crap load of unwanted phones left in inventory.

Great touch response, Voice text excellent, Price affordable. Operating system Android ice cream Love this phone!LG Motion 4G LTE Prepaid Android Phone (MetroPCS)

I have been without a phone for two in a half years, so I can not personally compare it to a phone.  But what I have notice, MetroPCS have moved up.  I need to learn the phone and what it can offer.  I don't know if I have a hearing problem or MetroPCS sounds sucks.

This is the best phone that I've had with MetroPCS so far.. I love it and I can't put it down.. Web browsing is fast, and so is phone charging..

I upgraded to this phone from a Samsung Admire and this (so far) is perfect!the touch screen keypad is taking some getting used to but that will come...FYI to others buying it, it DOES come with a MetroPCS Sim card, and I did NOT have to purchase a new one.  It wouldn't automatically sync to my account so I got on MetroPCS's website and had a chat with a tech and they manually got it programmed for me.  Took about 10 minutes tops.Awesome deal for this phone, LOVE buying from Amazon!!

I would have SOOOOOOOOOOO liked this to have worked for me up here in my area. Problem is THIS: in this area for any who may wonder or is thinking about doing the same thing as my butt. SAVING money on their cell bill each month/year? I was going to try and go to MetroPCS. They are the new guys around here! But. Seeing as the month to month plans need you to pay FULL price for your cell up front to get started. I figured buy a used, in great condition unlocked cell to start. And, one on the upper end. No, it may not be an S3-4. But, Ya get my point. It also is not a $39.99 Slide cell either. Anyhow. The point here is this; the phone is really nice. I could not really play with it seeing as I was NOT NOT able to get it activated. But. Oh well. lesson learned. I ended up having to give up a whole lot of money to get started with MetroPCS. ****side note. MetroPCS is a growing cell company. The store owner even drove out to my house to check the signal, as I live out in the country. When was the last time IF ANY? A cell company rep. ACTUALLY did this? I bet you won't be able to say; EVER!

ive had this phone for a while now. bought a hardcase for it too. ive had no problems ever with this phone. I paid 157 for it had it for a year and cant live without it. its pretty much a little bit of a downgraded from the galaxy 4s. but more affordable and doesn't break lol good luck with the galaxy this phone is awesome

This phone is the best; I got it the day it came out. The batter runs out fast but this is typical of an android phone, the phone is amazingly priced and works better then I phone 4. I would say if you use your phone allot on the go get extra bat or charging station. The 4g is fast on this and the 3.5 Screen is small but nice, this phone has a front facing and back facing cam. When using for Skype it is really bad Quality but when just taking Pix or Cam it is nice. Over all I will give this Phone a 4 out of 5. There could be better management on the battery consumption and has some small bugs nothing big. Over all I say buy the phone you can't go wrong at this price Phone should be at least 250. Also ask for their $55 unlimited plan that is 4G unlimited for life of your service the plan is for a limited amount of time so get this while you can!!P.SThe only reason this did not get5 Stars is because of some minor bugsand issues bloat ware from Metro. Otherthen that Amazing phone! Good Job LG

I got this phone on 3/28 after going to the metro store anticipating the lg spirit and then being told they wouldn't again be available until 4/4 which almost broke my heart. But with watching reviews and such I said it wouldn't hurt to try this phone. I am so dang happy I did I freaking love my new phone it's everything I want and need I don't regret my choice at all :)

This phone is great! Plus, with Metro PCS, if you activate it yourself, you can keep your existing number without paying that annoying $15 transfer fee that the stores charge you! It was very easy to transfer over myself. I got this for my husband and I plan on ordering another one for myself!Update:  ok, having had this phone for a year now, we know all the little quirks and faults. But I'd still give it 5 stars. Last month, LG updated the software for the Motion and it sent my phone a little crazy, causing it to constantly repeat an internal media scan, however, I found that an app I had downloaded was faulty and once I uninstalled it, that issue resolved itself. Yes, the battery can overheat, but all smartphone batteries tend to overheat with strenuous usage lol. Yes, battery life does suck, but as I always say, smartphone, dumb battery.One last thing, the only annoying thing this phone does, is sometimes, while on the charger, it will turn off for no reason. It can be fully charged, or 70%, or 10%, doesn't matter, it will just be off. This usually happens while I'm sleeping and when I wake up, late, because the alarm hasn't gone off, and notice my phone is off, I can never figure out why. Just one of it's "quirks" I guess! It's only happened maybe 5 times in the last year though, and it has happened on both mine and my husband's Motion.All in all, I will have a hard time finding a phone to replace this one when the time comes!

for the price you aint getting better 1gb of ram 5 gb internal storage ICS 4g network for $55 a month cant beat that. when activating if you have an account you can do it thru their chat service online just have the numbers from the micro sim card and the imei number for the phone  handy.  there is also root no  for the phone so you can delete all the unwanted bloatware which is great for the price of the phone and the monthly bill you cant go wrong and yes customer service is dumb as rocks but if you can not get aggravated when calling the 1 or 2 times to get activated you'll be more than happy with what you paid for.

Let's face it, $150 for this phone is a very good deal. This one comes with 1.5 ghz duel-core CPU (yes 1.5 its not a typo) . It's not just fast it's blazing fast. I've tried few HD games and they worked flawlessly (GTA III, Dead Space). If you decide to root the phone you might want to underclock it, to get even better battery life. Even on 800mhz CPU speed phone works without any issues. I tested my up time and I had about 1 hour of talk time and 4 hours of screen time at 5% of battery. I'd say it's decent battery stats.Some people say that 3.5inch screen is small. Others like me would say that phone is not supposed to be bulky. If you don't really care for huge screen, this phone is for you.Most MetroPCS Bloat ware can be frozen without rooting the phone. It's a very handy feature.Cameras are ok, I've tried front facing camera with skype and it worked well.Lots of storage. 5gb is a great addition, as long as you keep your media on SD card you might never going to have to move any apps to SD.1gb of ram is also very handy. Phone is fast and responsive because of that.The only downside of this phone is the screen, It's not the biggest and not the sharpest, but colors are are fine.This phone is so far is the best MetroPCS phone for the money.

I wanted a better phone upgrade from the Samsung admire, with 5 gig of phone space I figured I can not go wrong, I was right,the phone also has a sims card ,I use Metro PCS and it is a crap service ,but this phone is amazing it picks up 4g in my area and boom you are blazing fast off and running I thought at first the 4G thing was a joke but trust me this phone and the 4G lite is amazing and fast, I like the easy apps and also the uninstalling of the bulk ware ..out of the box this phone jumped, I had a little trouble with hooking it up with Metro they asked me where I bought the phone ,after a few attempts I was on line and hooked up Facebook works fast even away from your home service router and I can play videos on YouTube without lag, for the money this phone in my opinion is definitely worth it

I got this from amazon....and believe me guys , this is a great phone for this price range ...you can buy this without any hesitation...

This Andriod is something else! For a duel core 1.5 Ghz processor (it's advertised as 1.2 Ghz though), 1 Gb of ram, though mine has 700 mb, and is (believe it or not) a little bit faster than th S3. If you don't believe me, search [lg motion 4G vs S3]. Its camera is good but some photo can look grainy (in bad lighting, that is). But what blows me away is the price tag, ONLY $150!!! If you're on a budget like me, this is the must have phone, plus its better to pay $150 than $500 for S3 that has the same specs (except for a larger display and 2 Gb of ram). Now, I know people complain about the screen, but trust me, its really good (with colors) and the low res may be not as clear as the iphone, but lower res means less use of the cpu and longer battery life. I would recommend this phone to anybody and you save $350 over the S3!

Not only is this one of the best phones currently (Jan 2013) on MetroPCS, but it's at a great price of $149. $149 for a NO CONTRACT phone that is the second best phone on the network!!! It's only currently surpassed by the Samsung Galaxy S III which is about $300 or so more expensive. And to top it off, while the specs list it as having a 1.2 GHZ dual-core processor.  In reality it actually sports a 1.5 GHZ dual-core processor! This explains why the thing performs like a beast... on crack! A great purchase for anyone.

Phone as advertised and at a better price than MetroPcs had it.... especially like the wifi feature as opposed to always using data plan....

I bought two LG Motion phones from Metro and in a few words: Both are awesome. I would recommend it.Pros:-Very fast in the internet using the 4G service.-Many apps included with the phone.-Good reception.-Battery charges very fast.-Phone size is very good. Almost similar to the Iphone.Cons:-Battery life is not as good. It is the first android phone I have so I can't compare to other androids. Basically the battery lasts one full day and part of the night with moderate use. I had to exchange one of the phones I bought because the battery was barely lasting one day and the phone was overheating. (Metro exchanged it in 5 days).-Picture quality from the camera is fairly good. It is only 5mp.

I say greatr for a beginner, because that's what I am....glad I purchased this model....it has more than I need, but yet I find things that I'm glad I can do using it....easy to learn and like the pic's. Also I can upload pics to Facebook faster through the phone than online....Once I found out how to put the phone on battery saver I was even more impressed with it, don't need to charge as much...and keeps the charge longer.....Love being able to speak my text, saves so much time, just need to read it before sending since it may replace a word that it thinks your saying....all in all very happy with this phone....

I had the LG connect, and what a waste that was. It was glitchy and wow, even tho at the time the reviews said it had the best battery life of the MetroPCS smartphones, wow, it was terrible. I had to use a battery saver app and buy extended life batteries. and still, it barely made it through a work day.The Motion is fantastic. It's a great phone. the Dual core processor keeps it moving super fast-- i'm playing an RPG video game on it, and can easily jump off the game to browse the web or use google maps with no slow downs. This phone also comes allowing you either uninstall or disable all the bloatware, without having to go through the headache of rooting it, so no more dealing with tons of app icons you never use.The battery life is great. Works about the same as any other phone I've had, as long as you are mindful of killing your tasks-- and it comes loaded with a task manager app that makes it easy to kill your running programs when you're not using them. I haven't even downloaded a battery saver app. Very intuitive interface.As just a phone, callers sound a little muffled, but nothing too bad. My friends sometimes have trouble hearing me, but it tends to be more the network, and not the phone. ("you're breaking up").So far, no glitches to report. I've had it about a month now. It pretty much just does what it should. And if you don't like something, there's always an app out there.Hands down, the best MetroPCS smartphone to come along. and it's totally affordable. The only real problems are ones that come with being on Metro-- service coverage isn't the best, (but hey, at literally a fraction of the price of Verizon, I'll take it), and Metro's 4g/LTE isn't as fast as Verizon's-- probably the service signal, frankly, but it's totally fast enough if you're not trying to win some webby award with your phone.If you're on Metro already and want a smartphone, buy this one while it's still cheap. And if you're not on Metro yet, then consider your pros and cons of leaving ATT/Verizon in terms of bells and whistles to cost value, and some minor inconvenience around signal issues, and let that be your deciding factor, because this phone is good enough to be comparable to most of the other android phones on other networks.

I had this phone for two months and everything was working fine. Suddenly I began having problems with notifications.  First people was text me and said they called and it went straight to voicemail every time. It just plain wasn't ringing.  I took it to Metro and they reset it and then not only was it not ringing but but now it wasn't letting me know when I had emails. I didn't even have a notice on my computer screen I had emails let alone ring. I have had it back a total of 15 times and they fiddle with it and tell me it is fixed and it isn't. Now I can't send pictures in a text or text into mms.  It won't send once I hit mms even tho I pay 65.00 a month for service. One worker there told me this is normal behavior for the motion. He is probably the only one telling me the truth.  Not once have they offered to exchange this phone.  Before this phone I paid 464.00 for the LG Esteem and it had so many problems they exchanged it for a used phones 4 times over a years time and each time it was a used phone with previous problems.  Finally they told me the phone was junk and I should buy a different one which it how I ended up with the LG Motion a year later. I would not recommend this phone to anyone. I must say Metro workers are experts at looking at a person like this is the first time they have seen this promlem with their phones.

Though the phone is slightly small, it's a pretty good phone to have, very fast, battery life is great, no lags.Wanted this phone so bad and was a HUGE upgrade from my old phone...never again will i buy such a terrible like the Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G ever again!

I am not an Apple fan. Mostly because I'd have to switch over so many things and I can't afford their products  and raise a family.

Thank you 4G! I love this phone. I actually bought the same phone for my Husband last November and had secretly wanted it since! Well it was time to upgrade from my HTC Wildfire (which has half the capability of this phone) This LG has so much internal memory and I love how you can add the micro-SD card (up to 32Gig) for added space. Front and rear facing camera are nice to finally have and they are good quality too. I am Very happy with my phone! I bought the LG Motion Diamond Panda Bear case to keep it protected in style too.

Hard to beat for the price .....I've had for a year, no problems. Camera is better than I expected for the price.

Got this cellphone set about 3 weeks ago and love it for most part. With $55/month plan, this set can be everything one may need. The design is slim and stylish. The 5GB internal memory is quite a space but I had to get another external memory card for data plan and contacts storage. The 5 MP camera is not the best but okey for general photography. During the day, that is. Even though it has flash, picture quality is shit in low light conditions. And, oh, that front camera is horrible! Video quality is okey, too.The part (in the cellphone set) where you insert USB to charge seems very cheap. I already have lots of scratches around that part. The most disgusting part is the battery life. I was about to return my set solely for this reason but my mom told me even her iPhone4S' battery wears out way too fast. So I kept it. But I have to carry my charger even when I'm off to school.But hey, with that price tag, I think I should not expect much either. I've given rating of 3 out of 5. I mostly use it to surf web when I'm not home and it does the job.

This is a great 4g phone to pop your 4g cherry with because it offers all the elements needed for a basic user, and as always android customization is AMAZING.I bought this phone for my husband to use when needed, he mostly listens to and downloads music from the phone or watches our tv player app. The main thing I was concerned about it for his large hands to easily be able to maneuver. For sure this phone has a large enough keyboard for a man in both positions, not have to worry about the all touch concept...the screen is too large for me when put into landscape position even, which is a great thing for my husband who is 6'6 and used to suffer from fat finger texting all the time.i am a geek, much more than my husband, but we both have knowledge of android os and common fixes in software glitches. the phone has glitched once or twice as ALL PHONES DO! once or twice or a few times maybe. and a simple battery pull resolved the problem. the amin issue i have with apple by the way.This phone has all the features you want if you are looking into the technical side of it. basically all it is missing as far as new technology goes is Near Field Communication. It has 4g hotspot works super fast but uses a lot of metro pcs data when streaming video or other high data usage activities, be careful. the phone receives and produces wifi. Comes with all the apps you will need and some you wont :) Bluetooth, and something like 8 gigs of memory internally with another memory card slot available to add on. the sound quality is great and works with music volume equalizer app to boost sound more. Google chrome works on the phone, and so much more is buried within the framework of the phone that make using it an absolute delight!it's been used for the last 6 months and no issues to complain about.

its a great phone, the ice cream software is a lot better than gingerbread.  A must have.  only thing  I really didnt like is the battery life, my phone drains about 10 percent an hour.

I love the phone - the design, the gorilla glass, the quality...  The one thing that frustrates me a lot is how quickly the battery drains.  I don't know if I have a bad phone or what.  I've had it for about six weeks and I had to buy an extended battery for it just to make it through a whole day.I usually put the phone on the charger when I go to bed at 11:pm so it charges overnight.  When I am ready to leave the house in the morning 7:30 I'll pull it off the charger and have the phone with me, but I don't actively use it.  I'll get maybe one or two calls a day - most of which are brief, so it's not the talk time that's killing the battery.  I don't spend a lot of time texting or using apps.  I have the Wi-Fi and GPS turned off to conserve battery.  Despite that, around 5:pm I'd get the signal to plug it in if I was using the standard battery.  With the extended battery it's much better, but also much bulkier and I had to improvise on a case by cutting vents into a cheap silicone case to accommodate the battery bulge of the thicker extended battery.Bottom line...  it's a good phone but unless my phone is defective and unique, I wouldn't recommend it to someone who doesn't have frequent access to a charger.  Does anyone else have issues with the battery life?  Or is it just me?

I could not even activate this phone. It's not in my area. It's a nice phone but where I live  just couldn't , was disapptted but I did return prodUct and was refund. Thanks to amazon.

I am on a budget and wanted to buy a good phone, an iPhone was out of the question as I don't like contracts. This phone is great, I am very happy with my purchase.

I waited 3 months before deciding to give it 5 stars. The best part I love on this phone is the HD video recording and sound. My kids play sports and the playback from the phone is awesome as well as from a laptop. The battery life last about 3 hours under heavy use (playing on-line constantly, or recording in HD), but recharging is super fast, when battery level hit 7% it took 26 min to charge to 100%...The speed of 4g depends on your location but when I have it using wifi it is blazing fast, it is also great without wifi using straight 4g..It does have a lot of built in apps I never use but they can be disabled in the 'apps' setting. I have downloaded Hulu Plus, Netflix, and Amazon apps for watching videos and I never have a problem with playback even without a wifi connection. I am very pleased with the phone and the monthly bill.

I just switched from Sprint with an HTC EVO to the LG Motion 4G and got a nice bonus... my phone has the 1.5ghz cpu instead of the 1.2  It turns out LG has been installing the 1.5 dual core cpu in this phone and has not updated the specs sheet. I ran full benchmarks on it to be sure and they all verify it is running at 1.5ghz.  Hello Metro, $55 a month unlimited everything plan rocks!  The 4g speed is good enough to steam slacker radio, tune-in radio, and pandora without any buffering everywhere I've been.  I can browse the web, use youtube, netflix, and view my webcams from home all very fast.  Overall I give this phone and the metropcs servce 5 stars.  (just the screen is not as big as my old phone but for the parallel reduction in monthly cost + no contract I'll take it !!)

this item is just as described. I was researching this phone for about a week  , i liked the reviews. great phone...

I love this phone.I love it so much I ordered 2 more for my husband and daughter.No complaints.

Even with the power saver(the power saver that came with the phone) on all day and limited use I can't make it through a day with 1 charge. Poor placement of usb. Fix those 2 things and it would be a great budget phone. I set my power saver to come on immediately but it never would come back on after shutting the phone off so I disabled it and installed juice defender made a big difference

You get what you pay for and this one was at a great price so every penny counted. Few things  nowadays are as advertised, this is an exception to that statement. Worth every penny compared to other phones. Full of features with a CPU powerful enough to run it and enough memory on-board to keep you happy for a long time. It has accurate GPS that does not depend on 4G or cellular connection to work accurately. It has 4G where there is 4G. It has a fairly responsive touch screen if you keep it clean. and android is android what else can I say. I was glad to rid myself of my old touch screen cellphone.

I was new to the whole smartphone concept and I was also overwhelmed with the choices of phones and what to expect from each. I decided to buy this one - now I love it. It is easy to use, the whole menu is a piece of cake to navigate through. I was amazed how quickly I learned to depend on this phone. Screen is big enough to see everything, battery holds through the whole day and I finally enjoy texting.

Has the speed, But it has 156 PPI Screen (HORRIBLE), A VGA front camera, And a yellow tinted back camera. And roughly about a 3'4 screen.

Love it!  It has all the features that I wanted and it was less expensive than buying at the MetroPCS store.

I've had it for over a year with NO PROBLEMS.  I lost my LG and bought the Samsung Exhibit.  The Samsung SUCKS compared to the LG.  Luckily, my friend found my LG and I will be switching back.  The LG is fast, has lots of memory and has cool graphics.  I recommend this phone.  You will love it  :)

This phone is great! It meets all my needs. I've had other phones with bad phone quality or poor internet. The picture quality is great and the sound too. I've already told my sister about it and she's getting one too. Will definitely recommend this phone with the great and affordable plan through Metro PCS.

I had been meaning to switch to Metro PCS, but dreaded a few things, such as bad customer service, not so nice phones...etc..etc.  But I'd been paying $70/month with Sprint for pretty much the same thing I can get from Metro, so when my coworker made the switch.  I decided to research good phones from Metro and looked here and found great reviews for this LG Motion.  And with their super cheap $30/month (available in store only, the cheapest plan online is $40) for everything plan, that's a huge savings of $40/month, just by switching.  The cost of $149 for the phone will pay for itself in less than 4 months of savings.  Now I got a phone with great Navi feature (which is a must for me), got the Facebook working, had a hard time connecting using the FB/Twitter/IM app combo, so I googled and found that just going to facebook.com, I was able to download fast and set up my FB up and running.  Oh, did I mention that this is my first smartphone ever and also my first prepaid cellphone??!!  So far so good, I would have paid something similar with Iphone, but dreaded the high cost of available plans with those carriers with 2 yr contracts.  Now, I have a great new phone, "love the voice to text feature!", cheapest plan ever and hopefully I won't ever have to deal with customer service people, with this great new phone, I'm thinking it would be a long while, if I ever need to speak with someone. Just had my phone for less than a day, but will update more if I have something to share. Loving the monthly savings and great, smartphone!  Would highly recommend to anyone who is tired of contracts and still wants everything in a plan.

I've had it for 2 weeks now and it is such a great phone! I love it! For the price it's really unbelievable all of the things it can do and how fast and easy it is to use! The latest version of Android is very intuitive - this is my first android device. I have an ipad so when looking for a smartphone I considered that first. But the iphone is considerably more expensive overall- $100/mo data rate plan on most carriers. For $55/mo with Metro you pretty much get unlimited everything which is such a good deal.Now for the phone...right off the bat I synced my gmail and facebook contacts (facebook app is kind of slow, but still great on this phone). Very easy to join contacts if you have repetition across your google and facebook contacts. Very easy to look up contacts, dial numbers, put on speaker, access dialpad when talking. Easy to text & email. I love that you can flip the phone to make typing easier by gripping right side of the phone. It can be a little too sensitive but having a case helps with the sensitivity. You can flip phone over to silence incoming calls or alarm.There are so many great features on the actual calling aspect alone of this phone I could write two more paragraphs!Youtube is great, very fast and sound quality is amazing. Web browsing is great on google chrome and easy to switch between windows. I love the google maps and local feature, full with info and easy to navigate and pages load very fast.I absolutely love the visual voicemail feature Metro has though, it makes checking your voicemail easy! Other apps Metro put on it don't seem that great like the navigation. But with google its not necessary anyway.Battery does tend to go quickly. But so far has been able to last a whole day while watching 30 min of youtube, emailing, taking pics, browsing facebook. It charges very fast when off, less than an hour I think or a few hours (from 0% to 100% full) when on.So final word this is such a great smartphone. The price is great and so is Metro's data plan. Yes the screen resolution is not as sharp or the screen not as big compared to an iphone or galaxy, but I love that this fits easily in my hand and doesn't break the bank.

I had a Samsung galaxy s3 somebody stole my phone nd I order this phone to me is the same thing as the galaxy

could not get a better deal, the price went up since i got it few weeks ago but still a great quality for the money!

Love this phone. Good price!! I wish the screen was bigger. Otherwise it's a great purchase. The 5GB internal memory was a big pro.

I've been with MetroPCS for quite awhile and can say this device is it. Like everyone has said its fast, but the memory is what sold... Over 5 GIGS! Internal! I'm sorry but I had no idea how nice it is to have that with a dual core and 1gig of ram and ice cream sandwich! I had the HTC Wildfire S and this thing is like comparing a Prius to a BMW. I'm not sure if other owners know this but the LG system lets you DISABLE OR UNINSTALL BLOATWARE! (use the app 'Application Manager' to UNINSTALL APPS it keeps the apk on its own but not running means no update messages, TO DISABLE go to normal settings and 'Apps' find app open settings of it like you would to uninstall and it will say'Disable') Oh and you can screen capture with the already installed Quick Memo app. And the front facing camera is 1.3 MP which if pretty much the standard for the higher end phones also. Back lens is only 5 MP but it gets the job done. Both front and back work fast and clean, and it even does 1080p video... Not like my camcorder but impressive still.By the way it lasted me fine all day when I worked, hence not playing it solid hours on end, besides it seems to charge pretty quick regardless. This phone is all kinds of awesome in a small package.

I originally purchased this phone September, 2012, not long after it was introduced.The good: Metro PCS had an unlimited everything plan (truly unlimited with no throttling once you reach certain amounts of data usage) for $55 per month.  Once they merged with T-Mobile, I thought this would be a great thing.  However, the coverage is quite limited.  As long as I'm in a larger city in West Michigan (Kalamazoo, Grand Rapids, Muskegon), I have decent 4G signal.  Ann Arbor and Western Detroit has 3G.  Leave Michigan, and you're lucky to have the Edge network.  Indianapolis - Edge.  Tucson and Phoenix - Edge.  SLOW SLOW SLOW.The display is nice, and the phone is small, making it easy to tuck into a pocket.  I did drop it once, onto a concrete floor, and nothing happened.  I had a cheap, 49 cent plastic case on it.  I was pleased that the screen didn't break.The bad:I purchased this phone TWICE from Amazon.  The first time, I wasn't able to activate it.  I signed up for a plan online, then attempted to activate by calling in through the phone.  It wouldn't work.  Finally it connected me to a customer service rep.  She asked me my name, couldn't find me in the system.  Asked me my phone number - which I didn't know, because I never got one.  Asked me the serial number of the phone, couldn't find it.  To get my money back, I had to file a dispute with the credit card company because MetroPCS had no record of me at all, even though they had charged my credit card. Returned the phone to Amazon and reordered another one a few days later (should have learned my lesson the first time).  Second phone: got it successfully activated, but never could get 4G service.  Went into a MetroPCS store, who entered the serial number into the system, and found that it was an illegally obtained phone!  I purchased it new from Amazon.  MetroPCS claimed it was a diverted phone, and was not supposed to be sold.  I purchased one from them directly, and returned the second phone to Amazon.The ugly:Battery life.  If I don't use the phone at all, I can get 4-6 hours out of a full charge before I have to plug it in.  If I use it for anything related to the internet, I get about 2 hours out of a full charge.The camera takes lousy pictures.  If you're more than 5 feet away from the object you're taking a picture of, it will turn out badly.  If you try to zoom in, forget it, the picture will be junk.  If you take a picture of the landscape and never look at it anywhere but on the phone, it will probably be ok.Sound quality is bad - either for playing a video or listening to music.  Don't even bother.  Use headphones if you must use it for that.Voice quality is horrid - people always complain when I call them on this phone.  I can't hear them well at all, and they say I sound like I'm in a vacuum.It's really too bad - I wanted to like this phone, but I can't.  I spent $150 for it when it was quite new to the market, and I see that was wasted money.  Maybe I can use it as an ipod or something.  I suspect not - when I first got it, it wouldn't do anything until I activated the service.  Oh well.  Sprint offered me $10 to sell it to them... maybe I should take it and cut my losses.

I absolutely love this phone. The features are so much better than ask the other phones that metro carry. There are nothing that i don't like about this phone yet. So happy i got this phone

Awesome phone. Metro is great, no contracts. I am based in S.Fla. I do not have any problems it at all.I had been out to Texas. In the middle of the state,middle of no-where and I had used my phone without any problems.My family has their cell phones with 'the other large companies' and they pay a small fortune for their services.They are very impressed with Metro's services and low cost. They wanted to switch to Metro. it's not available there. :(Metro start services in Texas! Needless to say I'm very happy with all of it.Thank You Metro!

Calls consistently drop after about an hour and a half of call time. Other than that the phone seems to be satisfactory.

Just left Straight Talk for Metro PCS to take advantage of their new $55 (fees and taxes included) unlimited everything plan with no data caps or throttling.  Straight Talk's terms of service strictly prohibit streaming of audio and video.  If that's not a problem for you, it's a great deal, but let's face it, a smartphone begs to take advantage of these features.I purchased this phone and it is an amazing deal.  You get a great phone at a great price.  The phone has no lag at all and offers everything one could ask for in a compact package.  I have used phones with larger screens and was surprised at how satisfied I was with the size of this device.  It is compact, sleek and a joy to use.  In my experience, the battery life is excellent for a smartphone.  Also, the phone is easily upgraded with up to a 32 GB micro SD card.  The size of smartphones are getting out of hand; that's what tablets are for.Metro PCS call quality, texting and data exceeded my expectations.  The LTE data where available is more than fast enough to do whatever you need without any hiccups.  It is certainly faster than what I have experienced on Sprint, Virgin Mobile and Verizon's 3G networks.  Also, I have to say that Metro's customer service on the telephone have been top notch.If you have good coverage in your area of use, you can't go wrong with Metro PCS and the LG Motion.  Together with the great new unlimited plan, we all win.

I was very skeptical from buying it as I've always bought from the provider, but everything was as if I went to there website. I am happy that I did my purchase.

this was a GREAT phone when i first bought. i got it for $50 brand new from a metro pcs store. i think its insane that it now goes for $200. short of going for a samsung galaxy series phone this is the best metro had according to the phones specifications. dual core processor. 5mp camera. front facing camera is 1.3mp. it does pretty much everything. i wouldnt buy it for 200 at this time however. it was made in 2012 and went for 150 less back then. but ive had no problems with this phone and 2 years later im still using mine. im even writing this review on this lg motion!i plan to keep it and continue using it after i get a new phone (ie itll still work on wifi!)

I researched every phone available on Metro considering quality, value, and battery life. This has my favorite blend of the three.

The Best phone ever made by Metro PCS. This phone doesn't need to be rooted at all and it has 5.59 gigabytes of memory that can be used by the user. You can even disable apps that you don't need especially bloatware.

After owning theSamsung Admire Prepaid Android Phone, Grey (MetroPCS)for almost a year, I figured I'd upgrade 4G style. I thought about purchasing the Coolpad Quatro , but it did not come with a lot of internal memory. Not to mention, it did not receive good reviews. However, I saw very good reviews on this website and on YT and decided to purchase. For you Android users, I'm going to minimize the basic features and get down to its primary features.CAMCORDER: The LG Motion also comes with a 1080p HD camcorder. Amazingly, it has many features as a basic camcorder, as well as a Dolby Surround sound option, during playback. Headphones must be used, though. After trying this, I must say that the resolution shows surprisingly good.CAMERA: The Motion's camera has a new front facing feature, which means pictures can be taken, while looking directly at the screen or taking pictures of something or someone. Not to mention, the camera is 5mp with an LED flash. The combination of both makes for outstanding pictures.FEATURES: The phone has Gorilla glass, which is very tough to scratch and break. This should be a very good feature for those of you, who are careless with phones. What's even better is it comes with a screen protector. I still recommend getting a hybrid plastic/rubber case for maximum protection.The LG Motion didn't get the name, just because. It comes with a quick 1.2 GHz dual core processor. This makes for very fast web browsing and non-buffering video watching. Each time I go to a website, I am just shocked at how fast the speed is. I also watched a movie on Netflix and I felt as if I was watching a hand-held HD tv. The resolution was second-to-none.Speaking of motion, this phone has some intriguing motion activated features. For example, if the alarm is set, no need to press a button for the snooze. Just turn the phone on its face and the snooze button is activated. Also, when browsing the web, the user can zoom in just by tilting the phone forward.ICE CREAM SANDWICH 4.0: This is just newest version of operating system of the Android phones. In a nutshell, the phone has features that the other Android phones have, except more enhanced customization for users, such as web browsing, emailing, texting/voice input, etc.IN-CALL POP-UPS/OPTIONS: I love the pop-up screens on this phone. For example, I can talk on the phone, and when I receive a text, the pop-up screen will show me the message and who it is from. Not to mention, I can respond to a text, while I'm talking. Of course, the pop-up can be disabled. Naturally, we talk with the phone to our faces. Well, I noticed the screen goes dark, when this happens. However, when I took my face a couple of inches away from the phone, the screen illuminated and I had the option to end the call, place on speaker, use the dial pad, Bluetooth, mute or go to contacts. On my previous phone, I had to tap on the screen and choose these options. Another cool in-call feature is the quick text for unwanted calls. For example, if someone calls and you can't or do not want to answer the phone, a quick text can't be sent. I saw one that said, "I'll call you back in 15 minutes."INTERNAL MEMORY: The Motion comes with a whopping 5gb of memory. That is just phenomenal on its own. With that being said, I have downloaded several apps, pics, etc. I am STILL in the MB range, as far as used memory goes. Also, this camera can hold SD cards for up to 36 GB of memory. Wow!QUICK MEMO: This is one of the most unique features of the LG Motion. This can be accessed by using the pull-down notifications bar or pressing the up and down volume keys at the same time. Users can send memos via text message or email by the use of their finger on the background screen or choose the notepad screen. This feature can put a person in the mind frame of Windows Paint.For all of you 3G Android phone owners, if you want a fast and reliable phone to upgrade with, look no further than the LG Motion.

i had this phone for almost 2 years now and i can say it was worth every penny ive dropped it so many times with no case and it still works perfect love the camera and pretty much everything else very happy with this phone even though i might need an upgrade already

my ex husband needed a new phone and i saw this online, it came with a sticker on the back but it came off easily.

Well, I never hesitate to point out flaws in a product, but honestly, I can't think of any!  I've used this phone for the better part of a year, and am very pleased with the results.  In fact, my wife and I BOTH have this same smart phone.  (I let her go first, so that if it turned out to be a &#34;dud,&#34; I wouldn't be stuck with a lemon.  But don't tell her I did that.)I bought a cheap case for my phone, just to protect it a bit.  Have never had any problems with the display getting scratched, or anything like that.  The power charger cord fits correctly, and is plenty long enough.  I've noticed that it charges up from the wall about 1% per minute, so that it would go from dead to fully charged in about 100 minutes.  I'm sure that's not exactly accurate, but just to give you an idea.  One funny thing--after being fully charged up, it makes a little &#34;beep.&#34;  Well, if you're a light sleeper, that little beep can be annoying.  So I put mine on silent, but perhaps there's a way to stop that beep.One suggestion that is true for all smart phones--occasionally power-off and restart.  It is tempting to just let it hibernate, and never restart, but like all computers, it really needs to clean-out memory and start fresh.  I do this about once per week on mine, and that is good enough.  If computers were really perfect, that wouldn't be necessary...The battery life is pretty good, as long as you don't constantly use it.  When I am hiking or biking all day, the battery will still have enough juice at the end of the journey.  But if I am constantly taking pictures, using the GPS, etc., then it will not last the entire day.  For that, I always carry a small, external battery backup (you can get one on Amazon for about $9.)All in all, a great product, and with the recent operating system updates, a very reliable device.Highly recommend!

I had MetroPCS for sometime with their 3G network services. Should have stayed with the older phone, with the 4G I am always getting throttled speeds or roaming at various places I work. This phone is really great, to bad someone else (another service) didn't put it on their network. I guess I am one of the unlucky ones to get stuck with less then decent service. When T-Mobile takes over maybe the spotted roaming and throttling will stop.Update: The speech to text is even worse. The phone does not process the action, MetroPCS's server does which is then sent over the carrier services. If you have a poor connection, spotty service or none you will ether get silly conversions of "Good Morning, how are you" to "Gold corns, halo'balo" or a notice of "Unable to connect to server". Another frustration is when the speech convertor system shows "Getting ready", I guess it has to do with the spotty service.Update 2: Into second month and still not much improvement. I think in one more month the issues of dropped calls, loss of connection for data and delayed IM's and email will result in looking for another carrier. As I stated before from 3G to 4G and it all went to hell. Sorry MetroPCS, you lost a lot of customers when you signed the deal with T-Mobile. You are loosing another one soon because you can't perform like T-Mobile (yet). Would knock it DOWN another star is I could.Update 3: Well, we are done with MetroPCS(POS) as of March 2013. The continuing "a network error occurred", "data lost", "no connection available", "unable to connect via server" on and on and on... Phone calls OK, everything else is just useless. The saying modified - you do NOT get what you think you are paying for. To add insult to lack of service their tech support are idiots! Things like "You must have done something to your settings" or "I think you need to reset your phone" are canned responses by people sitting in cubicles in cheap labor of the Metro Empire. UGH!Good bye MetroPOS. I am NOT one of the lucky ones to have a phone with you...Strikes:1.  4G spotty2.  4G is throttled at times3.  Speech to text is a crap shoot4.  Always end up hitting the language key when wanting to use the numeral key5.  During certain times of the day web pages load slow, causing that irritating "flip" or "jump" as it loads.6.  No flash ability but then that's Adobe and Android makers fault7.  Some places there is no signal8.  Screen with menu bars jumping up and down when browsing (maybe a setting?)9.  Screen could have been about 1/2 bigger or so10. Calls once picked up other party can not here me.Runs:1.  Phone is fast2.  Apps run smooth3.  Cameras decent4.  Calls decent (when service is not spotty)5.  Screen is crisp6.  Memory7.  Menu8.  SIM card (though its not a true SIMcard)

I love this phone, great price, great size, I can take screen shots without an additional app, nice amount of memory, I love this phone

Good phone, good 4G service in my area, fast phone with fast service! I LOVE IT! If there is decent Metro 4G service in your area, you will not be disappointed with this phone.

I purchased this phone from MetroPCS in late April 2013 for $200.  By June, Metro announced that because of the merger with T-Mobile, they  were switching to the GSM network.  This phone works off the CDMA network.  Thus, by the end of this year, this phone will be completely obsolete, and there are no other carriers who will take this phone.  I feel Metro totally ripped me off selling me this phone because of this change over.As for the phone itself, it is a good phone and my very first smartphone.  I have really enjoyed it.  I just wish I could keep using it.

The LG Motion was a great 2012 phone that has been replaced by newer 2014 models that are designed for the new MetroPCS/T-Mobile 4G LTE network.Neighborhood MetroPCS stores are having a sale on 2014 4G LTE models until March 1st, including the LG F6 for $79 and the LG F3 for $49.The Motion was a great choice in 2012. However, in 2014 MetroPCS stores have newer phones that are much faster and at a better price.

My daughter wanted an iphone for her birthday and I told her about this phone before getting it for me.  Of course my words did not convinced her, nothing was "cool" enough for a teenager than the latest iphone.  I was ready to pay her older sister every month to add the little one to her AT&T plan in order for her to get the iphone.  That was until I brought my LG Motion home and she played a bit with it.  She said I want one and I had to drive back to my local Metro store and purchase a second one.  We couldn't be happier with these phones.  ICS, 1080 video recording, 5 megapixel front camera, doesn't overheats and decent battery life and dual core cpu running at 1.5 ghz (yes the first batch of these beasts are running at actually 1.5 ghz by AnTu Tu Benchmarks instead of the 1.2 ghz advertised by Metro) no wonder this has been flying off the shelves.
