
it is not an unlocked phone. it is AT&T locked phone. It does not work with any sim GSM carrier. Not what have been described

I am enjoying the phone and the features I have managed to use already, but I have to say I am some what disappointed by the frequency of which I have to charge my phone. It could be jus me or I have to get used to the battery usage for smart phones but I some have to charge the phone after 8 hours of use and the most I have done is used whatsapp. Other than that than it works great and the keyboard is fantastic. App could be better doa.

This excellent this nokia 900, fully unlocked and this is their main actractivo. Unfortunately not included headphones is always better that all accessories are included

This product performed well, all tho When i received this product it had a definite microphone sound pic up issue, The seller totally and gracefully took care of me 100%. Seller was positive and very understanding, thanks again. Product had some great qualities. If anyone is doubting windows 7.5 or 8 on windows phone don't hesitate! Windows mobile is 100% better than years ago!

As other feedback says this is Not a factory unlocked phone. It's an AT&T phone that they unlocked and sold. I did not get any headphones.

because it has at&t logo and hangs alot plus screen black out :(!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! waste of money i feel sumtyms arggggggggg

Loved this phone,easy to use, fast and 2 day battery life.  Quick note-1st one I recieved had battery issue-wouldnt turn on

Phone's good as described. However cannot be turned on normally due to battery drained out, I had to open it & boost it.

I purchased this phone after carefully researching my next phone purchase.  I was tired of Boost and Virgin Mobile and the terrible service they provide and their watered down phones. Don't believe anyone who tells you the phones manufactured for these prepaid services are the same ones that are released to contract carriers. I had the EVO on Virgin Mobile and Samsung Galaxy on Boost and they were nothing like the same phones given to my friends from contract carriers. You get what you paid for.After receiving this phone I can truly say it is one of the best purchases I have ever made. I am as left leaning liberal as they come and it pains me to give the thumbs up to a major corporation, but the fact of the matter is that Nokia is a superior company to Samsung and HTC and AT&T; invented the phone and has the largest 4G network. So when combined these two companies have created an untouchable product. This is my first windows phone and I can say that the OS is unbelievable. People choose Apple and Android b/c they are inherent Microsoft haters. However Microsoft powers the world whether they like it or not. This phone works smooth and the screen and looks are top notch. It never hangs or needs rebooting and the features actually work the first time you click them. The back button on Android is a joke there is no telling where it is taking you. When you press the back button on this phone, you go back to the previous screen. Isn't that a notion??? The camera is not the best in the world even though it is a name brand camera, but for goodness sakes it is a phone - who cares. I have also read the reviews that say the phone is &#34;locked&#34; to AT&T; and this is not true. Yes it says AT&T; on it but it works on any GSM network. Not too mention, I put it on AT&T;'s Go Phone prepaid plan so I am getting 4G LTE unlimited talk and text for $60 per month, and they sell the prepaid cards at a million stores and gas stations and you can setup your account online and AT&T; even takes e-checks. I am done with the empty Android promises, locking phones, freezing screens, and inferior battery life that the Boost and Virgin Mobile phones provide. I don't even have to charge the phone every day and I talk over 5000 minutes per month. I will admit there are some apps like Mapquest and Google Maps that I miss from my android phone and AT&T; charges for their navigation service. I will also admit the screen is no where near as brilliant as an I Phone or Galaxy or even the upper end Nokia. But I will gladly trade that for a phone that works everywhere and that does not freeze every five minutes. And I have invested $200 in the phone and I am paying $720 a year for 4G service on a great network and I don't have a contract and I can still sell this phone on Amazon a year from now for $100 or $150. Compare that with spending $500 or more and having a contract and spending $100 per month for unlimited. There is no comparison. I do regret I could not afford the Lumia 928 but for what I am getting I am grateful.

I recommend it to every good team, in every way I hope q buy it has everything you need to be satisfied by the buyer.

This is my first venture into the Windows Phone arena. My initial high hopes three weeks ago are now replaced most days trying to decide whether I should try to stick it out or cut my losses and get an Android or iPhone.I love the look of Windows Phone's UI and the integration of your photos and contacts into almost every corner of the OS is somewhat charming.That being said the gimped Windows 7 apps (Spotify) and complete lack of some of the most popular apps from the marketplace (Pandora) make me miss the days of my iPhone 4 and even my 1st gen Android.Technically the phone lags, and the apps often crash. APN settings will work one minute then stop the next, forcing you to reset the phone.The camera on the Lumia 900 is fantastic, sadly you will be hard pressed to find a quality photo editing app in the marketplace.Overall the technical drawbacks of the Lumia 900 coupled with the now out of date Windows Phone 7 OS make it difficult for me to recommend this phone to more experienced smartphone users.

its not pakd wit accessorys.and combaind wit other brand items(like charger is from htc)i hope amazon will care about it

it says unlocked but its with ATT, and I don't like the quality of it...THEY HAVE TO GIVE WHAT IT DESCRIBE WHAT IT IS..

The SIM Slot was Tampered. Had AT&T; logo and had to unlock the device manually.Had to do a lot of unnecessary work with the mobile as the it was not as mentioned in the description or the photo.I wouldn't recommend Amazon to any of my fiends, I had a better experience with BestBuy.com and Ebay.com.Even the Sim slot was tampered in the top , I was helpless as I wanted to return the device but as I did not have a backup phone and was travelling out of town for more than a month I am forced to using this device.

Lo traje a colombia y funciona excelente, no tengo nada que quejarme muy buen equipo, muy serio el vendedor. Y ademas llego a tiempo

Its ok but I don't what happend with this cell phone especific with the whatsapp application the messages are delayed for very long time.that is why I score with 3 stars.

I bought a hot pink phone cover and the pink color rubs off when you hold your phone for a while. It even stained the inside of my pants pocket. I contacted the seller, but no answer from them yet.

This phone is great and good quality but when I got it it wasn't unlocked and it was locked on AT&T

very nice phone works very good  and looks very nice but is not factory unlocked and I did not get any headphones.

Cell did not have the headset and I have no found one. Headset for this kind of cell are expense

I think this guy is a swindler.He sent me a charger that wasn't the one for this cellphone and headphones differents too. He did not say that all that stuff were cheap.

Almost all of my favorite phones have been Nokias (N900), even the cheap ones that were usable (C3).  I was hesitant to give up my E7.  As I have used it I have come to appreciate the durable nature of the Lumia 900.  Windows Phone 7.8 has all the apps I need and is great on Net10 4G.

It was almost new but very disappionted when it was opened before it arrived anf headset was gone from th ebox. I did receive credit back though after i mailed amazon which i really appreciate that,

Changed from an Iphone to this phone and I am glad I did. I love the larger display. Learning the windows system has been tricky but fun. The hardest part for me was finding the right software at the marketplace to use to change the network settings.

Such a GREAT PRICE for a Lumia!, considering the exorbitant prices we have here in Venezuela in matter of phones, it was a great deal!. I've looking since days for this phone, and I see the price is still dropping, yet the phone is at a good offer!. As the title says, it is unlocked. Worked perfectly fine Thanks!.in Venezuela, at Movistar, even when arrived, in three days detected an upgrade. Just bought a micro SIM, got phone line changed, and is perfectly working!.

This device sold by Open Group Wireless will be in the Att box it is unlocked and brand new!!  Only down side is os version is older with "Zune"  installed as a music player!

thaks very much the cellphone is awesome.but i dont know if the cellphone work with location of venezuela....?i need to know....

This a very nice phone, it takes great pictures and videos. Of course the app store needs to add a lot of applications we have like in android and the iphone market. Another thing is that the phone only has 16gb internal memory with no sd card expansion. I bought this phone for my mom and it really is a nice phone, resolution is very very nice on this phone, I just wish those two things weren't a problem and even I WOULD CHANGE TO WINDOWS8.

THIS IS A AMAZING CELLPHONE.. YOU'LL FINE A LOT OF APPS AND A LOT OF THING TO DO IN IT. I SUGEST IT AS ONE OF THE BEST CELLS I EVER HAD..

Did thorough research for our budget when my Verizon contract was up and decided switch to T-mobile which has unlimited plan without a contract.There are tons of reviews on line, some are good, some are bad, you really need to read them thoroughly in order to get a clear idea. We had iPhone 4, yes Lumia 900 display & back camera are not as good, but it is a well design cool phone with a much bigger screen and a lot of features. We got 4G, LTE, plenty of apps (free), phoning quality is great, LOVE the hands free voice command! ( we've tried call, text, search on line ... With our voice, worked very well!)We got two of this phone, unlocked AT&T; version, activated them with T-Mobile micro-sim card, works perfectly! It is almost funny there is AT&T; logo on our phone but we actually using T-mobile service. Hidden secret! :DWe are still trying to discover all the feature, will definitely update IF there are any problems.So at this point, we are extremely happy with our choice and strongly recommend it to you if you are looking for an great unlocked phone which is not pricy Lol.--- update: it does has problem with MMS. Which means with text message, can't send or receive photos. If U google 'lumina 900 MMS problem', U'll find more info. - didn't find solution to solve this yet, and it is not a small problem. But we do still love this phone. For U, if MMS is a huge deal for U, don't get this phone until U can get confirmed info. that prove Nokia fix it or with your carrier won't have the same problem.

The phone was delivered in perfect condition. My only issue is that it did not come with headphones..which are standard now! Also I was kind of disappointed with the fact that I cannot put my own ringtone without getting a migraine over the process to do so! Very disappointing Nokia! Other than that...I am satisfied.

Sometimes the phone hangs while receiving or ending calls and then shuts down for a long long long time. It has to have specific head phones that only work with windows os. And when you go buy head phones at stores, obviously the sales person won't let us  pop up the packaging to try out and find out that it works on this phone. So ended up buying couple of them and none of them worked. But it does not say anywhere that this will require specific head sets and the universal ones do not work anywhere here.

Nice phone. Feels solid and responsive. Just  in the media lacking some integration for social network... I can recommend this for those looking for prepaid.

Product was just as it was advertised and my daughter LOVES her new phone. Great purchase. Would recommend & buy from again.

I purchased this unlocked WP7.5 phone for my mom and she was initially reluctant to use a smartphone. She adapted to it within a week and enjoys using it and seeing pictures of her grandkids and listening to some of her favorite artists. The OS is perfect for her because the tiles are big and she can easily access the weather, banking, pictures, etc. Had I gotten her iOS or Android with their small icons it would have been more of a transition for her to adapt coming from a non-smartphone flip phone. For the price it was worth it and I'm now looking to graduate her to WP8 this Xmas. The build quality is excellent as Nokia is known for that. If the phone is at a bargain price and you want to get this for your kids or parents just to make calls and access a few programs then I highly recommend this model from Nokia.

First of all the phone can work only with AT&T so it is not unlocked. The picture of the phone on amazon doesn't have AT&T logo in the top right corner. I got my phone with a logo and it doesn't work with Tmobil though it says unlocked. Returned.

Phone was working just fine until battery decided to not take AC charge at all and was left stranded at the airport looking for loose change to make a pay phone call. The attempts to charge the phone lasted two weeks after that but with no results.Very disappointing device since it is only 6 months old. Would not recommend.!!!

Nice sturdy phone and great camera, but limited to WP 7.8As a Windows Phone, it does pretty much everything you need in a smartphone from email, to web surfing, social media, games and taking pictures. It's an all in one package, and Live Tiles are pretty cool!I would recommend a newer Windows Phone, WP8 added much more features to the Windows world. It's totally worth checking out

Before I comment on the product, I must mention that when I received it in the ATT box with the ATT logo on it I was terrified the phone would be locked. As it turns out, the phone is unlocked. No issues there. Also, I'm not on AT&T.; I'm on Simple Mobile, which runs on TMobile, so my comment on 3g/4g speeds will be non-existent.1. Fantastic reception on the phone so far. Where I couldn't get reception in the past, I get a strong signal on this phone. Many people blame reception solely on networks, but obviously phone reception plays a part.2. Enough apps for me. I'm not a mass appeal games freak, so I'm not going to lose the plot at the fewer games available, and, heaven forbid, needing to pay $0.99 for Angry birds. I can get all the other things that I want, either the same app as Android or by a third party that fulfills the same function (was on android before this)3. The battery life is ok. It lasts through a day and then some, of course depending what you use it for. I use the phone for calls, some surfing, apps for a range of thing from weather to my Sonos to the kindle.4. Fantastic price. I know Lumia 920 is out but I also know a one year old model is young enough to be relevant and old enough to receive the shipment of the model without the initial launch quirks.5. Xbo smartglass works well, which isn't a big deal but it's a nice convenience when I'm watching netflix on the xbox from the bed.6. Stable. Actually stable.7. The ringer volume has a huge range. That was an issue with my last phone. I like the range. 0-30.As time goes by I'm sure I'll have more to add and maybe it'll show itself to be a dud (though I honestly hope not). Maybe some day Tmobile/Simple Mobile will add the required frequency to get 3g on this phone but I have no issues with Edge for what I use the data access for and I'm mightly pleased with this pretty piece of mobile technology. When everyone had Nokia phones, I never had one, so I'm surprised that I've gone there with this, but they did a good job. I hope they survive the slump they're in because they make good phones.

lacks commercial invoice Rest everything and so far excellent Shuttle not much else to say my thanks for the product but I would appreciate q porq send the commercial invoice is to be sent

It is everything that I expected it to be. It is easy to function and Great camera too. I love the flash. I only with that I had an up to date computer so I can sync my music. And for some reason I can not get youtube to open the desktop version. The mobile YouTube doesn't show most videos and loads slowly... But the good outweighs the bad BY FAR. Best phone I have ever had.

Its AT&T unlocked cellphone but who cares it works with the network am using. And am already starting to like this phone. Cellphone looks great and for me its better than my problematic ex-droid phone.

The quality of the sound is not the best, because it's too slowly, but for the rest is very good.

Had to unlock the phone which was hell it didn't say that it's locked to ATT in the description  cotme a lot for a code almost the same for a new one what a ripe ooff

This is an At&T; unlocked phone, not a fabric unlocked.All the box and some apliccations are connected with this brand. Some issues with data connection.Its better to pay a little bit more and get an fabric unlocked model and you wont be bothred with at&t; logo all time that you turn on this cell phone.

Bought it for a friend, he is very happy with this product. Very nice quality, still have to test it for some weeks before writing a full review!!!

I buy this phone for my wife. The cellphone works mind, very beautiful, The Operating system works perfect. The only thing, you need the zune software to share and copy files.

The Nokia Lumia 920 is a refreshing change to all the other smart phones out there. The windows operating system is rather different from what I'm used to but it was a good change. Windows is simplistic yet quite attractive. Doesn't have as much apps as the Android which is what I had before changing to the Lumia but it's still a great phone.

Stopped working - all the features and phone OS is working but people cannot hear on other end. There was always a problem with speaker and today it completely broke. It could be that the specific product was defective or may be because I did not buy from Nokia/Amazon but was from other vendor[Tablet Distributors] from amazon site.Its not even been a year since I purchased the product and it doesn't work - did not expect this.

Did not even turn on.

I bought this phone in October 2013... I haven't used it because it was a gift to my sister but she didn't want it at the end and I had to sell it. But, when I tried to see if it worked, etc... I saw that it was pretty fast, it's Kind of big for me and a bit heavy but is Beautiful! I proved it with Movistar in Venezuela, I didn't try with another company but I'm sure it might work as well. Sadly is not Android!

Its a wonderful phone. Maps are amazing. camera is superb even in low light. All features are good except it slightly overweight

My brand new nokia lumia 900 (I had it for just 30 days)  died on me all of a sudden! I lost all my numbers, pictures, info... Interestingly, I could not send it back because it all happened the very next day after I could return it!!!! Never had a phone experience that bad!!!!

Is a good phone, I liked, but it price uped and for that price I bought a moto G, is better.

IT IS AN EXCELLENT PHONE, VERY GOOD PERFORMANCE, WORKS WELL IN 4 G, CONNECTION TO INTERNET QUICK, IS A TEAM THAT I RECOMMEND TO OTHER BUYERS

Turn it on only once, after that it died, my return time expired.. so i'm screwed with this piece of plastic

not new, it was used or refurbished.. It had some scratches on the sides and the screen was not in the level it should.. it was like glued wrong.  The box was a fake Nokia box with the wrong design of the letters &#34;Nokia&#34; also the charger was a black cable and a whte connector when it should be all White.

Ordered 3/1/2013 Today 3/27/2013. HAS NOT SHIPPED YET?? Are you trying to sell something that you do not have any stock of?Please address this or don't waste my time.HM

I bought this phone a few days ago.alright I have only owned Nokia phones.i like the design n hardware of the phone but with android or even Symbian belle would b great.i really thought the battery life would h better but it barely lasts the day.if u browse or always have WiFi or phone provider data on...u will barely survive.with the free gifts u get,the headphones don't work.looks like they cost .01cents.a change in PS for me would be good but WI does...not sure.overall its a good phone,its fast and the size is perfect.os improvements is what's needed and I don't think Nokia and Microsoft are going to update this phone past wp7.8.if improvements come along,review will be updated.

I needed a phone and after reading some positive reviews, I thought I'd give it a go. Purchase went great, got the phone in two days, as promised. Opened it up and tried to turn it on...and nothing. Figured it was completely dead so I put it to charge. Two hours later, STILL NOTHING. I've tried pretty much everything: holding the power button for almost 30 seconds, soft reset, hard reset, also tried a couple of other internet suggestions; nothing!  Looked online and found that this was a regular occurrence with the Nokia Lumia phones. So disappointed, as I was looking forward to using it, but I guess that's what I get for buying a used phone. Will be returning tomorrow for a refund!

the blue tooth of this phone is not working. also the battery less than 15 hours on few use. and this phone only 10 days left for Nokia  original one year warranty. I am going return this phone.

The only thing I like about this phone is the Nokia clear black display, I hate everthing else....it cannot Bluetooth, it requires Zune to sync music and videos, Zune is awful, you can only play mp4 and WMV videos which has to be managed by Zune, u cannot use the phone as a storage device ( I miss android), its sooo difficult to transfer data on and off this phone its impossible and I'm a advance user. ...stay away from this device, a word to the wise....oh yea, the camera is very poor for a 8mp, very poor, the phone over heats and becomes unresponsive and I have to cool it down by placing it in the freezer, the 1.4 GHz scorpion CPU is terrible......

I find that Nokia phones overall provide excellent features. This Lumia in particular is very easy to use, has a modern design and, the best, the price is very good.

it is okay. but it is not the same product with the one which i pirchased for my brother. some issues are missing.

the picture icon reflect many little pictures fromdifferent friends, very interesting.easy to use. Nokia 900 gives big screen, 4g, dual lens camera...better.

i think price is normal. Ordered,when i recieved phone was bad.Box not original.Inside box not any manual book,earing. Only had carger.Phone looks used. Dont enter to market in anywhere.Dont reccomended  - - - -

It is a product that met the expectations, speed in delivery, good price, works well, I recommend it. I hope to buy. Thank you so much

The apps that  are available works to perfection, however I have not been able to download or Bluetooth anything thus far,, and some features are not available outside of the U.S.A. Its still by far an outstanding phone suitable for the office people and students

I bought it for my wife as a present for our 19th anniversry. She just loved it great connectivity and applications!

I bought this to give it away and the person that received it really liked it. I have you recommend other users to buy it.

el equipo funciona perfectamente en venezuela 4g con movistar muy completo  ademas es bonito las band son 850/1900/2100con sus accesorios

Let's say you don't charge your battery and then you need to make an emergency call.  So you plug it in and have to wait 15 minutes while windows hi-jacks the boot sequence to ensure there's enough juice to boot the system.  Forget the call you just have to wait!

yo this phone is really good its gsm unlock just like it say. i brought mine new so there where no sractes or scuffs, or dents. it come with everything. as for the att apps you can just delet those and download the office nokia apps. for me my phone calls havent been drop or anything. i have simple mobile and the speed is 4g i get coverage basically everywhere i went last week. for those who dont know simple mobile is basicaly tmobile so if you have tmobile then your good. you need a mirco sim card.  i heard that it doesnt work with most head phone, and let me tell you that is a lie, i have skull candies and ipod earphones and it works well with it

It is very hard to charge, I can't speak without the speaker on. It's really hard to use. I thought it was a new phone but the battery is really poor

people are talking about data plan and / or wi-fi settings, but it worked fine with my old samsung phone.

This phone fits my requirements of (1) GPS voice turn-by-turn navigation, (2) Simple to operate and (3)  Affordable.  The phone works well with T*Mobile.

I feel cheated. sell the product as it is unlocked and I communicate with them and not give me a solution. amazon may not stain his image with such vendors

I just bought this new cell phone through Amazon website from JOYCELLS. Opened the box and noticed that the headphone and data cable were missing. The box was just simply a carton box and it doesnt look geniune at all. The handset had some scratch at the back near to the camera, was an AT&T phone. I wrote to Amazon and they helped me with all means they could. Thanks to Amazon.

The phone is beautiful and system is cute, but very hard to deal with. I gave up trying to add music into it. Things just don't work. Photos get spread into folders that I never created and they can't be managed. Contacts don't let you create customized labels. Tuff, but cute.

Omg! I so love my Nokia Lumia!Better than my android.I was a die hard fan of samsung galaxy but now am head over heels with windows phone platform.I gave it 4 stars because of just how hard it is to get it set up.It took me forever to :1.Get my new windows live account verified.I kept getting an error to check my inbox to  veirfy my account and no link to this day has ever arrived in my live account to verify it.That's a downside to Microsoft.After a little googling I realized it is not an isolated case.When you first sign up put an alternate email (gmail,yahoo) instead of phone for verification.The verification takes forever to arrive but once you get it you are good to go and download your apps.2.Set up the the phone to receive and send pictures!I am on one of those cheaper phone  networks AKA SIMPLE mobile.There are no clear instructions anywhere on how to set up the phone to receive data and picture messages(supposedly simple mobile/T-mobile says they have no way to set i up).I almost returned the phone because of this but lo and behold again google came to the rescue.After a few clicks and trial and error:before you do anything download the Nokia app :&#34;Network Setup&#34;  follow instructions for the other windows phones.Also under settings--&#62; Cellular---apn=simple3.Haven't been able to pair with my Honda CRV bluetooth Hands free link yet.Honestly I haven't been in the car long enough to fight this battle so this may just be a user error.Besides the above the organization of the phone is just awesome.Fits perfectly in my jeans pockets.Haven't had issuses with the battery going out (and am on it 24/7).I go a full day without recharging unlike my samsung had to do it every half a day.Having everything in one place makes collaboration and keeping up with my peeps a breeze.I have to add the price I got from Bayshine store was a steal!Go get the phone!Windows is on a good track.

This phone is awesome. It works well and has amazing features. the only downside with buyng a windows phone right now is the app store. not many apps to choose from

Good phone for the price. The screen is amazing you don't need screen saver, the colors are better than Samsung.Things that I don't like: You can't share images or files by bluetooth, Nokia said that there is an application, but it is not for Lumia 900.The batery life is good, because some applications works in second plane. You can talk, navigate and heart music a lot of time.People comments good things about strength of materials.However, As I said in the beginning, Good phone for the price.

I'm really an apple iPhone fan, so I bought the phone for my girlfriend and she loved it. It's beginning to grow on me myself.

I purchased my phone new at an AT&T store, not through Amazon. This phone is not as intuitive as others. Granted I'm used to the Android system and iPhones and have never used a Microsoft operating system on a cell phone. First disappointment was that some apps are completely inaccessible, including Amazon mp3 which I'm sure isn't the most popular app out there, but if you've invested any money in purchasing music throught it, it's a pain to no longer have access to that music through that app. There is no place to access downloads. Once something is downloaded, it is filtered into what the phone decides is an appropriate place. Bank apps download into the "Wallet" app installed on the phone. Others of my downloads have simply disappeared into the phone somewhere and I've had several people search for access to them to no avail. This includes apps and documents. I've had this phone a week and already it is doing.. odd things. Today it decided to randomly fade the screen's brightness from well lit to almost invisible (regardless of the amount of time since I'd last touched the screen and on a full battery) and then fades back to normal, repeating the fading in and out multiple times. On other phones I've used, when you use the internet and then close out to do something else.. take a call, use another app, check a text, you can open the internet back to the page you were just viewing... not with this phone. It goes back to your starting bing, google, whatever default page and if you hit the back button it just closes the internet. Also, if you receive an incoming call from someone not in your contacts and want to save the phone number to your contacts, there is no way to do so??? I'm not completely incompetent.. I've selected every possible option and there is no way to directly select that phone number and save it into contacts. It requires you to select one of your contacts' names from your newly created hotmail account (unless of course you already have one) to save the number under. If this person isn't in my hotmail account already, then what? Too many mandatory steps linking to hotmail. I'd rather just have the ability to synchronize without having to manually do it every time I want to do something simple like save a phone number. These things may be able to be worked through, but with hassle. The phone looks great. It's operating system is just, like I said, not intuitive and even during this first week of being on a new phone high, I'm already becoming disenchanted with the phone. The reason I chose this phone is for the Microsoft Suite's amazing functioning on this phone. I've tried using Word and Excel with other phones and it was possible, albeit annoying. Using Excel on this phone is amazing.. almost better than my laptop. So for someone regularly needing that ability, this phone may be worth the other issues. I would say I like the phone, but considering all the other options available at this price point, I may return it. Don't be sold on the camera either.. if you get the sales pitch on it you'll know what I'm referring to. I tried to take a still pic of a plant (nothing moving, me or the plant) and it continuously came out blurry.

So I purchased this product and the very same day, 2 hours later I sent it back. The phone was in perfect condition, the phone looked amazing and beautiful but my issue was it doesn't let you download free music and it barely has any apps. For someone who uses their phone for more than talking and texting this phone is not for you. Rethink getting this phone if you love music also.

This phone gives me so much. It is highly competitive with my Apple ipad in performance and applications.I judge it very excellent in performance so far

I bought it for my mom to use it abroad, but it arrived locked to AT&T and she can not use it now!

What can I say, it is nokia again, with this hardware, it doesn't work well because of stupid windows. Bluetooth doesn't  work. Forget multitasking. You can not receive calls from skype and tango if they are not running in session. Camera is fine but not good as iphone or samsung. What you give is what you get, if you want a simple phone, you can buy..

Apps selection is limited and what are available usually don't work well.  My bank doesn't have a deposit app for Window's Phone so I get to visit the branch to deposit.Interface is not as intuitive as Android.Texting will not deliver media content for some reason.The camera is baaaad.  You need to adjust the settings for every type of photo - almost like the old manual SLRs.  Try zooming and your picture becomes so grainy that it is embarrassing.The phone does work great - nice and clear and strong signal.  Ten times better than my previous HTC.Battery life is good.

The cell phone was purchased under the condition of being unlocked, after it arrive to my home I could see that this cellphone was At&t locked. It will no work with my carrier. So be aware when buying from this seller.

At first my wife did not care for it much but after getting some use out of it, she prefers this over her Sony Erickson. She said the photo taking is not as good as her older phone but she is learning to take better photos as she uses it more. She loves the tiles and it is much better getting mail. Doesn't have as much aps as some of the other phones but more and more are getting added daily. One thing she could not get over is how much faster this phone is compared to her Sony Erickson Arc S. She definitely recommends

This item was promptly returned. There is no mention that this is an AT&T; phone, and the picture does not show a brand.There are several programs and features that only work on the AT&T; network, so I do not recommend if you have t-mobile.Maybe someone who knows how to monkey with the software could get it to work better, but I wasn't about to deal with it.There is no mention of the phone being AT&T; unlocked, and the picture doesn't show branding, so I assumed it was factory unlocked. Which is not the case.

Love this phone. One feature I like most is that it can be used as GPS without having data plan. Just download the map of any country you want into phone and use it as GPS. Remember without data plan it purely works as GPS and it will not show any traffic updates and  One feature I did not like is Expandability of Space. You cannot put additional memory card in it. Mine is 16 GB and that's what i need to adjust with.Initially with I bought this phone panoramic was not available but with download of Nokia software now it can be used to take panoramic pictures. Design is modern. So far I did not have issues. As know we may not have as many apps as android but common on day to day life how many do you use ?

The product didnt come in a genuine Nokia pack. The data cable that came with the pack was of cheap quality and doesnt look like from Nokia. there was no user manual provided. I ordered a white phone but the accessories were black in color. For me it looked like they arranged for the accessories. I had to return it.

it's very clean, without any thing which shows that it has been used even once. the mobile itself is great, but i have another windows phone mobile, it's Samsung focus i917, i think its screen and colors is better than the Nokia one, but in games Nokia is better.

Great phone..I love it...app are really cool...you can do a lot of things ..especially I like Panoramic pic apps...pictures and movies are great too..

good afternoon friends I want to meet the problem is happening to me! since just eh RECEIVED equipment and has some problems he seems to have problems with the horns and I can not listen to people who call them my I have not put the phone on speaker and they listen to me I want to know that occurs ! because when I put my headphones if I listen but do not rest!THANKS and agraderia them to give me a respuestaa see that could be done in this case?

It is a cel like a computer it is wonderful you must  try to apreciate it i love to use it

It is a good phone, a little confusing at first but is easy to use once you get the hang of it.

Its a pretty sturdy phone as for the feel. I havent used it sufficiently for knowing whether it works without a glitch.
