
This phone is very good, fast and looks amazing! It is my first smartphone and I am satisfied with Sony Xperia Sola. I was very impressed by the quality of its camera, the photos looks very good! The size of its screen is perfect, it is not too big so it can still be used single handed. Recently, I could update its android OS to 4.0 version. The unlocked phone works perfectly outside US, I can use it in Brazil with its full functions (including 3G network).

I got the phone over a month ago. I've got to say its a pretty nice phone for the price, it leaves nothing to wish for. It's about the same size of an iPhone 4s. I like it that it is slim and actually fits my pants pocket. Battery lasts about a day when you use the wi-fi connection, browser, and social media. Camera quality is nice, the only thing I'd argue about is the LED flash light which isn't very helpful if there's no good lighting. The phone works fine, at a nice speed and its easy to handle. The only trouble I've had so far is that about 2 or 3 times the keybord has got kind of stuck and wont write, but then the failure will correct itself after a few seconds wait. Also the Wi-fi range connection doesn't seem to be so good, but its not really a problem.

This phone looks great on paper, and it even looks great in your hand, but it's slow, even if you root the phone and replace the stock ROM. My old Virgin Mobile LG Opimus V was much faster than this, and it is closer to the low end of the scale hardware wise. If I hand't read the hardware specs, I would have guess this phone had a 600MHz single core ARM chip in it, not a dual core 1GHz. I will give the phone credit for having great audio for music, but that's really the only good that I can say about it. If you can afford something better, get it.

After upgrading to ICS I don't have problems with any wi-fi networks. Sound quality is decent both with the loudspeaker and when using headphones. Video is played smoothly, even in HQ (well with this resolution there's no point in anything higher than 720p). Design is slim and strict which I really appreciate.The only minus is the camera, the shot quality is not good compared to my previous phone, Nokia N85.Also there's some system problem with in the settings/applications: 'running' tab give an error and closes settings.Hope it's gonna be solved soon.In general I would give it 4.5 stars.

Though this is a very nice phone, it would not connect to a secured home wifi network, though all my other devices do. It did connect to unsecured wifi hot spots. I worked with Sony but they could not help resolve this issue. So I chalk it up to a software bug in their firmware. Even upgrading the Android software from Gingerbread to Ice Cream Sandwich did not help. I returned the device for credit. I gave it 3 stars since it is a nice phone but without access to my home wifi it is downgraded from what could be 4-5 stars.

Upgrading to Ice Cream Sandwich was done in no time, and it was up and running rather swimmingly afterwards.  Fits better in my smaller hands than one of those big smartphones.  A snazzy little phone that's good for the technically average.

Love this phone, hate my network. To let you know how much I like this phone I have kept it despite my network, Virgin Canada, not being able to recognize it as a smart phone. But since there is wifi almost everywhere it has not been an issue for me, and when it becomes an issue I will just take it to another provider

Got this phone and updated to ICS.After the update, The phone became useless,First i lost WIFI signal,Then was not able to make a call Cause the number pad did`not show in the Screen.Tried to Fix  with Sony Companion Software, No deal.And The Call Quality is Below Average with this phone.The phone itself looks Great, Good Feel in hand, Screen is great too.But if you cannot do basics things with it, It`s Useless.

great phone everythings was perfect, the smart tag very usefull, batery life is prety decent, the best thing about the phone is the camera

I recived what it was published, in time. Excelent cel phone. Good for use in Argentina. Would buy again any product

I'm giving the phone 3 stars because actually liked it a lot, until like a week ago when the PC companion gave me the option to upgrade to ICS (Build 6.1.1.B.1.10).Battery life is not great but that was to be expected, and it is not much worst than any other smartphone on it's class.The problem was with the ICS upgrade, now the phone is laggy, pretty much anything I do now takes longer, a bunch of popular apps are working terribly now, latest Instagram does not work (it shows half black screen when trying to take a pic) Waze won't even load (it used to work great, when trying to open a link on facebook it will try to open it with youtube! (I'm talking PDFs and websites!)I already tried a factory reset with no improvement.Even the keyboard is laggy when typing a text message, hopefully Sony will be able to do something about this in a new built? (not sure on how it works, I'm new to the whole Android thing) but for now, if you are planning on getting this forget about ICS on 6.1.1.B.1.10

I got this phone so I could buy an affordable phone without a contract and it was one of the cheaper phones with the promise of being upgradeable to Ice Cream Sandwich (a newer Android version than the Gingerbread it comes with), and because it had a dual core processor, FM radio and expandable memory. It's exceeded my expectations with fast performance. My carrier (Consumer Cellular) helped me set it up. The ICS upgrade has not been released to my phone yet but I haven't seen any big reason to upgrade--(I'm usually reluctant to take an upgrade unless there's something it will let me do which I can't do already). It is available online if you're willing to search a bit you can find instructions online.I use the phone for phone, texting, listening to podcasts, following news, GPS navigation, social media. The one thing missing out of the box is a good speed dial/voice dial but I was able to add these from Google Play.The camera is fine in good light but not so good in low light. The flash isn't very strong. There is no front camera. But of course if you want these features you can pay a bit more and get them. Since they're not that important to me it's great that this phone exists at this price point.

This phone is excellent, beautiful design, very thin, excellent resolution, super fast, has everything one would expect from a Sony. I congratulate you.

I chose this product on the recommendation of a knowledgeable friend and it was a great choice. Many functions, versatile, light weight and upgradeable. Have not been able to barely put it down since purchase. I would and have been recommending it to many friends.

I already complained about theis problem in the Amazon in a few days. Then the representative from the Amazon told me to send the item back. But I am not in that place to send it back to amazon. And according to me it is not possible to send it back. So in this case I didn't get a satisfied service from the end of amazon.

gran producto , buena compra . . .  estoy fatisfecho con mi compra y las funciones y rendimiento del equipo

This phone meets my expectations. Everything in it works fine so far. the shape and weight make it easily manipulable. the only thing i didn't like about it is the lack of a front camera.

Basically, the phone is the best you could get at this price rangeThe xperia homescreen is different enough to give you a slightly better android experience.The multitasking is absolutely marvelous, minimum stuttering (not annoying at all) and it's quite compatible with a lot of the apps in the play storeGaming is definitely a plus on this device as it can run several intensive games like asphalt 7 with great performance!Overall I think you just couldn't get a better phone at this price range a definite buy

Absolutely horrid phone. Terrible battery life, you'd have to turn off 99% of the features to achieve a less than decent battery life, and I mean on standby mode.Touch is screen is so bad that it is a joke. The only noteworthy feature is the camera.I bought a $29 phone and it is a 100% more reliable. I won't even bother selling it since I would not wish this phone on my worst enemy.Sony should stick to TVs and that is it. I remember buying a Sony laptop around 1999 and I had the same terrible experience with that as well.I'll never buy a Sony product again, well except for a TV, I do love my Sony TV.

realy nice phone working good camera super picture clarity internet conection verry fast overall good performance and friendly use.Disply is super

excelente telefono, corre todo tipo de aplicaciones y juegos sin ningun problema, el sonido es muy bueno la camara excelente, actualizable a android 4.0.1

So this was to replace the too small tipo.  I got it, charged it, turned it on, it went to automatic update to android 4.0 and lost everything.  It won't even go to a start up screen.  Just the Sony logo and then an error code.  Sony doesn't help. Hoping I can return it, but nothing but problems with this xperia line.

This is not the best smartphone in the market but it surely get the job done. Really good response and nice unique feature of touching the screen &#34;without touching it&#34; .. XD..!!! Great deal.

It had all the functions I need , and it is easy to navigate, Looks nice and very presentable, great phone !

Agent Jason:  Once one of our devices get physical or liquid damage the warranty get lost.it was the answer went I ask my warranty because the phone is dead after you took some pictures under water.Agent Jason:  I can suggest to try sending the phone to a 3rd party repair center as the phone no longer have warranty with us.It is a water proof phone without warranty when you use it under water!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Debating on what type of smart phone to get - I chose this one based on other reviews.  I've had the phone for a month and I think it is visually appealing, easy to use, had a decent price-point, and works with my cell phone plan.  I like the size and weight, compared to an iphone it is quite a bit lighter, which I like. I believe another review didn't care for the back cover, I purchased the Incipio case and it is perfect for me.  The screen is easy to read and well-lit.  The android system has been pretty intuitive and the documentation that Sony provides is very easy to find, read and understand. The downside (and I think this is any smartphone including the iphone) is that you are charging a lot - at least daily.  I haven't tried out the smart tags yet, but am looking forward to using them.  It has some nice features built-in such as the swipe to text and voice to text.  I have an ipod already for music so I have not tried using it for listening to music, however Sony provides an application to store music and other media on a pc similar to using itunes and makes it easy to transfer and update the phone.

Everything is good! just missing a secondary camera... And it would be the perfect cellphone...Its a excellent phone. :)

The seller had a problem with the warehouse and it took a little longer to get the phone, but he did everything he could to make it right and really took care of us.  We would work with this seller again in a heartbeat.  My daughter loves the phone, she has replaced her .mp3 and her old digital camera with this phone, It's perfect for her.

This was actually a gift for my wife, she had an old nokia, those that look like a blackberry, and this sure was a huge improvement. She goes in every day on FB, Pinterest and all sorts of sites, got notifications, messages, updates. This was just the perfect gift. Good looking phone, great price. Im still waiting for Sony to release the android 4 update for this one, but should be coming in the next few months.

I don't understand why, but my phone won't turn on. It turned on when I first got it, but when I turned it off myself it  turned out that it doesn't turn on...

The first phone arrived DOA.  Make sure you buy one with a warranty (Amazon sent replacement next day).This is a good solution if you want a low cost smart phone.  It uses a Micro-SIM card (adapter included) and with the $50 unlimited from NET 10 does exactly what I wanted = No more $120 a month to Verizon.  Facebook mobile App is great.  Camera (with flash) is VERY NICE.  Call quality is good.  Email perfect.  Speed for web browsing is OK.Overall worth the $$$

Liked the call quality and signal  even in a building. Camera was good at taking macro shots. Battery average. Build of the phone is average. It came with these smart tags which you can use to pre-program certain commands (e.g. airplane mode and set alarm for bedroom, normal mode and show calendar for morning mode, etc.) to your phone after scanning the tags. Dig the glove mode feature with which you can use the touchscreen without actually "touching" the screen and comes in handy whenever youre wearing gloves or if your hands are wet or dirty, and you just simply have to place your fingertips within a few cms over the touchscreen and just do "airswipes". Actual screen is very clear and easy to read. Sound is nice.Update: I updated two weeks ago to Ice Cream Sandwich despite some reviewers expressed regrets but I was really relieved and happy to find out that the update made my Sola even better in some areas: resolutions more crisp, camera resolution better, and most apps can now be accessed more easily. Apps that have been previously accessed now automatically terminate after several minutes of non-use which helps preserve processor commitments, ram load, and battery reserves. Maybe it helped (per my updating habits with my previous mobiles) that after updating to ICS I immediately did a complete factory reset to restore ICS to its "virgin settings" which possibly cleaned out inefficient Gingerbread remnants and unnecessary old app gunk.  HOEVER, I did notice that after the uodate, the phone became more sluggish, call signal weaker, and battery now really bad. I contacted Sony since it was under warranty to ask thenm to simply try to do something about the weaker antenna and mailed it in (my expense) and when it was returned to me a few weeks after, nothing hs changed.I wonder what is happening to Sony. Not only are its products becoming increasingly of inferior quality, its customer service is awful.

No much point in commenting about the hardware specs of this device: they are public and you know what you're getting beforehand. Suffice to say you're getting a medium priced cell-phone with all expectable addons (GPS, FM radio, digital camera and so on) and that the device is aesthetically beautiful. More on the hardware later anyway.It's the software which is not in line here. I came from a middle-priced Samsung (Galaxy ACE) and was supposedly "up"grading to this device. It might have been an upgrade from the hardware standpoint, but definitely a downgrade on the software side. Android's not to blame, because both devices came standard with Android 2.3. It's the manufacturer's customization of the OS what makes the difference. A few examples:-- Destktop: You can't add/remove main desktops. 5 is all you have, no less, no more. Also, you can't jump from desktop #5 to desktop #1 without passing thru desktops #2, #3, #4. My previous Samsung allowed me both to add/remove desktops as I needed them and direct jumping from the last desktop to the first in both directions.-- Lock screen: There's the usual "lock" screen to which you can add a password for additional privacy, but here's the problem: when you grab your phone and it's obviously locked, you have to both unlock the phone (slide the lockpad) AND write the password. Two steps instead of just the single step of writing the password.-- Under-desktops: well, I made up this name as I don't know how to call them, but I'm referring here to the wallpaper-less desktops in which you can find all your aplications. There's no limit to these (theoretically) as they are progressively added as you install new applications. The number of these can easily increase and normally the latest apps are to be found in the latest desktops. Now, here's the flaw: Each time you do anything in, say, underdesktop #7 (like putting a shortcut in one of the normal desktops) you go back to underdesktop #1. So, if you want to place 6 shortcuts of your latest installed apps in one of the main desktops, well, you'll have to navigate 6 times from underdesktop #1 to underdesktop #7-- The above is a standard for everything. Whatever I could do with 2-3 touches in my Samsung, I need 6-10 touches in this Sony.-- 3G control: you can turn on/off the 3G, but you can't limit the connection speed. "Why would anyone want this?" you might ask. Well, 3G at maximum speed is also a maximum battery drainer. For 24/7 online applications like WhatsApp and others that consume little bandwidth, you don't really need full-speed 3G (aka HDSPA) and you can save battery by limiting your connection to 2G (EDGE). Again, Samsung allowed for this possibility.-- Text editing: selecting, cutting, copying text to carry between applications could've been easier-- Contacts. In my Samsung I went to the contact list. If I slide a contact to the right, the phone automatically called that contact, if I slide it to the left, the phone prepares an SMS. I can't do that with this Sony, I have to "get into" the contact, then select the action. Not a big deal apparently, but when time after time you find yourself touching the phone a great number of extra times, it's a pain.-- Last example: GPS. It refuses to work unless you grant Google the permission to track your steps, which implies an internet connection (besides the privacy concern). To some out there this may seem natural, perhaps they think the GPS hardware is somehow interwined with Google Maps in such a way that they can't function separately. The truth is that they are distinct things and there are apps out there (Navigator for instance) which allow use of the GPS without an online connection. Well, big-bro Sony has crossed out this possibility in this phone.Now, I'm not saying that my previous Samsung was better, nor am I endorsing this brand. Had I not have the previous experience I probably wouldn't have noticed all of the above. But the truth of the matter is that I have it, so the comparisson is inevitable and Samsung made things... I don't want to say "easier" because that's subjective, but I will say a lot faster (shorter, less touches per action). On the positive side I will mention the camera and the radio: both apps are great in the Sola. The camera has plenty of modes you can use, including 3D pictures, swipe panorama (you can produce photo-stich like 360 panoramas without ever using any extra software). The FM radio is very nice and intuitive, far better than the Samsung.At this point you might ask: why not upgrade to Android 4.0 (or 4.1)? Well, there's plenty of reports about this system being a battery drainer and for me, the cellphone has to endure a day under moderate use. Sony is also very cautious on its webpage about this "upgrade" operation, not endorsing it but rather offering it on a tone of "well son, if you really-really-really want 4.0 then follow these steps... [...] ...and be warned that there's no turning back option"Enough of the software now. I took some time to comment on it because it's often overlooked, but it's ultimately what you'll be interacting with most of the time, it's what's gonna make your everyday experience with the phone. If the camera takes 3Mpx or 8Mpx photos is secondary.But for the sake of completition I will now add specific comments on the hardware:--Battery: I find claims of the battery not enduring to be exagerated. First off, you need to understand that these devices may still be called "phones" for historical reasons, but they are actually computers. At such size, it's a miracle that a dual-core @1GHz processor can endure 10 hours. Now, if you careless leave the GPS on, Bluetooth on, 3G *AND* WiFi on, set the screen to maximum brightness, and on top of this you upgrade to Android v.4, don't expect the battery to go along with your ambitions. But if you play it conservative and turn on only the features you specifically need at each moment (including 3G *XOR* WiFi) battery will be acceptable. By this I mean that you can leave home with a fully charged phone and return at night with the phone still performing.--Videos: I've played 720p movie videos and I can notice they are right on the limit of this phone's capabilities, but they play ok. Filming in 720p is also possible but expect some jitter (both recording and playing back), especially if you record to the external SD card, and super-especially if you keep "face-detection" ON while you're filming.--Camera button: this supposedly dedicated button, as many have already stated, is a practical joke (maybe a hardware easter egg from Sony?). Utterly useless. Why? Because you need to press it so hard that its very purpose loses all sense. What's astonishing is that it isn't necessarily a design flaw. It's not that the phone doesn't "detect" the press until you go too hard. The phone actually detects your pressing rather quickly, but it does something akin to fixing the focus, but it doesn't take the shot. You're expected press further down (5X harder) for the shot to be finally taken. Some digital cameras (Canon's for instance) have this functionallity in which the main button has 2 positions: focus and shot. The problem with the Sola is that the force you have to exert to reach that 2nd position is so violent that you succeed at the expense of shaking the camera and/or hurting the tip of your finger.--Camera LED: Can't be taken too seriously as a flash, but to be honest I don't know any phone that does. On the other hand, when used as a flashlight it's very intense. I've used it a lot in real situations and it delivers.--Camera (overall): hard button aside, the camera itself is powerful and takes beautiful snapshots (and as I've said, the camera software excels).--Speaker: there's a powerful speaker on the back of the phone; powerful and also aesthetically beautiful.

Just got into my Sola, on T mobile, so the 3G is a tad slow. but everything else works great. no problem with Wifi, or Bluetooth. Highly recommend the Sony experience.

Really best smart phone by Sony. So fast, great screen. Android phone lover ever. Thanks you sony. Thanks google for android

The phone could not turn on after I turned it off.I tried all the techniques to no avail.I don't recommend it to anyone.

This is a very good entry level, mid range device. It is not going to blow your mind away, but it is good enough to get you through the day. I like the design and some of the special functionality like the floating touch and the fact that you can use it with gloves on. The camera is very good to be a 5MP sensor. The only con that I find with it is that it doesn't have a front facing camera. Very speedy no excessive amounts of stuttering, lag. Very good product from Sony.

This is one of the most best cell phone! I really loved! Is faster, easy to use and has so many good things to install!Thanks a lot!

excelente inversi&oacute;n, para Venezuela la tecnolog&iacute;a 3g con movilnet es mas que excelente, lo recomiendo muy buen celular y buen precio,..

floating touching screen and the nfc technique are so cool! I love its appearance so much! But the only pity is that it cant be changed the bettery.

Lovely phone. Got it as a gift for my uncle. He loves it. Everything was packaged nicely. :D :D :D

el tel&eacute;fono que quer&iacute;a y lleg&oacute; en perfectas condiciones. the mobile that i wantedd, i recived in good conditions (im no good with english)

As usual, SONY always surprises you positively.It's an excellent alternative to other phones like Galaxy S2 and S3.Good option.

Bought this phone as a gift for my mother, and she loves it! this is her first smartphone and she's having a great time beating those little pigs from angry birds. The phone is very responsive, it came with Gingerbread installed and will probably stay like that since there's no need to upgrade to ICS. The screen looks very nice, great sound, had no issues connecting to wifi as others have reported, the nfc tags are a great addition, all in all a great purchase.

This is a wonderful android phone...Screen: Stunning video quality! Bravia Technology BRAVOOO!!! The bad thing is, sometimes the screen gets frozen and it's pretty delicated as well, I had to buy a screen cover.Camera: It's a very good one, it takes pretty colorful pictures. It won't work as desired at night and it's not friendly to take photos to yourself chilling with friends or so...Awesome design: Light and neat.Android: I don't like the fact the screen will switch by sliding just to one side (left, at the app storage room) mmm... My father owns an Ace Plus and the screens will slide at any side at any moment...I like the fact you cant move the Connection Setup Screen everywhere... It's freedom...In the other hand, Sony please, read this: You should have an app manager more easy and efficient in order to improve the use of the capacity of the phone, sometimes it gets "stucked" by all the apps that just can't (or don't know how to) close... I added an App Manager but not feeling comfortable to give access to an unknown developer that responsibility.Audio: It has a great music player, the 3D sound is awesome, although if you use some earphones but, for apps like Voxer is sort of difficult to really use it because it's not louder enough so, it's better to use chat systems like Whatsapp...I know some people may not understand why if I'm writing this hard review am I giving 4 stars then?... The answer... I like Sony and I'm giving them my confidence to develop a really awesome product so, this is my gift to you guys! (SONY) Hope it might help you to improve your android phones... If you do so, WATCH OUT SAMSUNG AND APPLE... Sony can become a PAIN IN THE BACKGROUND!!!

I bought this phone to replace a iPhone4 and it does just that.  I actually prefer the industrial minimalistic qualities of the phone.  It definitely gets better reception than my iPhone did.  I constantly have more bars on T-mobile in the exact same areas (like my living room).  At first I didn't think the camera was any good, but the settings were all wrong so that was an easy fix.  I feel solid about my decision to replace a $500 phone (unlocked from Apple) with this $250 one (also unlocked).  I will be able to sell the iPhone and even make a profit.  I don't mean to make any fanboys mad, but it has all the apps I use (Pandora, ESPN, Instagram, Twitter (integrated), and Maps (Google's is way better)).  The killer app is driving directions.  I don't like where the industry is going with bigger and bigger phones, but this one will last me a while.  As a plus, it was nice to see it in the Skyfall movie.  Ok, so it was the bigger brother to this phone, but my friends don't know that!

First off, I don't believe in a perfect phone. There's always going to be a few issues, and the problems with this phone are (so far) relatively small.PROS:The first thing that stands out is the resolution, the graphics look great! Everything is very crisp, sharp and bright. It is MILES ahead of the iPhone 5. The battery life is pretty good, I use it very heavily and I only have to charge once a day. There is a good amount of internal memory- and room for a micro SD card. There is an overwhelming amount of pre-installed notification tones, ringtones and alarms to choose from. Mine came pre-installed with ICS, (I got a used one from Amazon warehouse) and I really like the new look and feel to the OS. The keyboard is very responsive and easy to use.  The speakers are great, speakerphone calls sound very clear and loud.CONS: The biggest one is the glitchy pattern swipe lock. Sometimes it works okay, but most of the time I have to so it over and over because the line will be dancing all over the place. I have looked for a calibration screen to fix the issue, but I couldn't find one. It is only a problem on the pattern unlock screen- otherwise the calibration is fine. I'm also not happy with the changes they made to the SWIPE keyboard. I loved using it in the past, but they updated the looks. Now the line showing the letters you have swiped is significantly bigger than in the past. It obstructs the view of the keyboard. Also before if you manually typed in a word that doesn't exist in the dictionary and it was auto-corrected, you just had to click the word and select your original spelling to change it back. For some reason that doesn't exist in this phone, and you will have to delete the word and retype it.Over all I'm happy with my purchase for the price. I couldn't find whether this phone needed a SIM card or a micro SIM card before and had to wait until it came in. If you're wondering it takes a regular SIM card.UPDATE: It has now been less than a month since I've had this phone and it is completely unusable. EVERYTHING is slow. Waiting to open texts, dialing numbers, turning the screen off, looking through contacts- takes 30 secs to load. It often doesn't load at all and freezes. Since you can't remove the battery and take the poor phone out of its misery I have to stare at the screen for thirty mins while the phone tries its best to figure out whats going on, then it'll finally restart itself. I would not recommend this phone to anyone, I'm very unsatisfied with the money I spent and the quality of the phone. I would like to uninstall ICS, but apparently that is an impossibility. I have lowered the review from 4 stars to 1.

I got the phone  and the one thing I noticed was that when I'd make a phone call, I could not hear the person on the other end. So I always needed my headset. However, I over looked that and continued using the phone, but then the phone started freezing and eacting extremely slow. Maybe it was my particular phone, I don't know, however I am not a fan.

The phone is amazing, i recommend to buy it, great camera, software, is really fast, the only bad thing is the battery, however i believe that all the android phones are like that,  enjoy!!!!

When I first bought this phone, I really did like it. The camera quality was really average, but everything else was okay, so I was pleased with my purchase. I've had it for a few months now, and I can only call it JUNK! The phone is super slow, it seems like the camera is getting worse, and today I couldn't even get it to come on! I'm looking for a new phone right now.

I bought this product to use in Venezuela and works perfectly !!!! At first I really wasn't sure to get it because the many complaints about de battery and I got it for a month and I think is OK. I recommend this to everybody :D

Yet  to do the update to ICS but I love it so far. Its not like the nexus 4 but it fits easier in the hand and pocket and is a solid buy. Might notice occasional lag, but I've got very few  apps running so thats forgivable. Combined with the smartwatch, its a potent combo.Update. I've used it for 2+ months now and have returned it, but asked for replacement. and this is what I notice.- Phone lags. Horribly. I uninstalled almost ALL my apps, phone was running bare bones, Erased SD card, have NEVER played any games on it, the only media I have is news apps. The phone still takes half a minute to load, the camera a full minute and the music player.... this is the kicker........... 7 minutes. And my SD card had only 30 mb of music!So I did a factory reset, as per the advice on the sony support forums. Except it didn't work. The phone is stuck on an infinite start up loop and after wasting 3 hours on trying to fix this, I'm sending it back. Very frustrated.I'm really tempted to say never again to sony, but I've used Sony all my life. I still have a stereo, a walkman and a discman from Sony.That caused me to give them 1  more chance. Hey, maybe that piece was faulty. It happens.Will try the replacement piece and update. Hope it works well, or I'll return it and never buy Sony again.Update :The pc companion didn't work on the phone either

When this phone arrived I was impressed on how fast it was and found the build quality to be amazing. However, after putting in my SIM card and using it for a little I quickly discovered major issues between the phone and my service provider AT&T. Getting MMS messaging to work was a nightmare. I'm pretty sure launching a space shuttle has less input codes. After spending 30 mins on the phone with SONY xperia help line nothing was resolved. I then called AT&T to set up an APN to attempt to get MMS to work properly. Hour later and nothing. Apparently the phone was built for T-Mobile and Sprint as well and for one reason or another AT&T could not properly register the phone to allow to receive MMS. Another issue that I noted immediately and many others have as well is the WIFI. It drops every 10 minutes if that and puts a big ! mark in the corner of the phone every time it happens. Extremely annoying to say the least. Sadly I am returning this phone. At first seemed like a real nice phone but after using it for an hour or so it wasn't able to do what I needed it to do.

My wife love this phone. She already has a Android phone but she now prefers to use this one since it is so good looking.

In a world of super-sized smartphones, this one bucks the trend. The phone is right-sized, and with a dual-core processor and 512MB of RAM, it's smart enough for me. Call quality is fine, and the Bluetooth sync for streaming tunes from the Walkman app is crystal clear. Yes, the battery is small, but, if your not a phonaholic, it'll last all day. Kind of a bummer that Sony has decided not support a JB update for the unit, but, hey, I can live with ICS; I'm rather certain xda will develop a JB-like ROM for this processor, and if I ever get a hankerin' to root and boot, I might give it a go.Oh, and, the unit is damn good looking, too.

Bad conditions. Reviewing the item I discover that part of the main board is broken, specifically on the SIM card pins. Did not send the Smart Tags mentioned on the description of the Item.

I got this phone last year and after all this time of having it all i can say is that his performance sucks, i expected more from this phone, performance is bad after installing a few games and widgets the phone start to slow down or reset by itself, i installed a memory meter app and it looks like the phone always try to use a lot of memory for standard apps no matter what.Camera is good its like the standard HD camera for smartphonesPlaying games is quite good but sometimes you are going to have issues while playing due the memory usage problem.Vertical keyboard is too small so probably you'll be pressing the wrong keyill stay with this phone until i get money to get another one probably an iphone.

i just loved this phonee!! its awesome =)))!!!  took like 3weeks to arrive to Venezuela but it worth..! &#9829; cam is so good :)

muy rapido el envio, el telefono es perfecto! funciona a las mil maravillas, muchas gracias! recomendado totalmente, nada como un xperia de sony.

I love android and Sony is a great brand, but I thought it would come with Gorilla glass just like iPhone does. For my surprise the plastic got scratches on the entire surface after only one day inside my pants pocket. Should at least come from factory with a plastic protection film. Upgrade for new Android version was easy. Easy to configure VoIP too. Android rocks!

UPDATE (FINAL):  I have returned this device.  It had problems not being able to connect to WPA2 WiFi networks, and had a low battery life.  I got over this by buying USB cables and extra plug and downgraded my home network to WPA.  I updated to ICS which should have fixed this.  It fixed the WPA2 (see below), but added more problems.  After updating to ICS, WiFi is constantly turning itself off and when surfing the web in Firefox (since Chrome is so slow it is unusable) will lose WiFi and say Offline (even though I do have 3G coverage).  The phone is no longer able to connect to my Google Apps email account over ActiveSync.  Now the phone will constantly freeze up on simple tasks like checking email (app says No Mail and then finally shows the messages that were already there), Firefox or other apps turn black and then freeze.  My biggest problem, is that when I am not on WiFi, sometimes it will just not give data access to certain apps (for example I get Network error on Amazon app, but can go to Amazon.com in Firefox, although the keyboard will not type in the search box on some sites (including Amazon), so my ability to check prices on the go is destroyed (this happens sometimes, and restarting sometimes will fix it).  However, when doing small tasks and trying to surf the web I constantly lose WiFi and get Offline or No Internet Error.  I contacted Sony about downgrading back to GingerBread (which had its problems but they were livable; through exterior changes) and they said I would have to send it to them (which is not practical).  I really liked this phone it is a nice looking phone and worked well.  However, these problems are adding up and are getting worse, I tried really hard to make this work, but it just is not working and its problems are making it useless (I try to get to a computer over using it, which defeats the problem of a smartphone).  I also wanted to mention that the phone side of the ICS update was ridiculously slow.  Receiving a call would make the phone ring, but the screen would not light up.  After about two rings the phone would light up and you had to hurry and answer before it got sent to voicemail.  The phone app on the device is also very slow, just scrolling through contacts or dialing (pressing numbers) would be slow to react and occasionally pressing a number would not do anything and all of a sudden it would just blare the sound for about three seconds (like if you held it down).  A phone is not to useful if it is slow to just make and receive phone calls.Below is the original review; it covers many aspects (good and bad) as well as the problems.  However, the problems in ICS are significant and make it unusable (constantly losing network and freezing using simple apps).  If you decide on this phone I do not recommend upgrading, or at least waiting for Jelly Bean (which might never come, due to the time it takes for upgrades from Sony). -- I really did like this phone, but these bugs are too much!UPDATE: ICS has been released.  I was able to plug into Bridge for Mac and download ICS (availability is by country, and some may be able to get OTA update depending on carrier). However, I have been having some problems with this update.  First, the phone would not update without me doing a repair (which does a clean install), which is not a big deal, since clean installs are preferred by me (this was a problem with Bridge not the phone, if you are using PC Companion you might not have this problem).  First off, I really like the new interface!UPDATE: I have found that having Glove Mode enabled causes the phone to respond to my cell phone case (Belkin belt sleeve for iPhone).  Making it occasionally unlock and interact with the case.  I have also found that the screen now stays unlock after a BlueTooth call (since I had to disable security to have lock screen alerts), and that the case interacts with the phone launching apps.  I think the phone needs to go back to sleep after a call (if previously asleep), I might have to reenable security and just not have lock screen notifications.  -- I wish I could have both like in Gingerbread....UPDATE: I have found that the WiFi issue (not working with WPA2) is gone.  However, I have found that a new WiFi issue is present that will work then stop periodically throughout use.  I have found the problem seems to be with Wireless B, if you have a wireless router try setting it to Wireless G, Wireless N or mixed (I had it on Wireless B/G at first).  I set it to Mixed and it now works perfectly, and I stay connected all the time.UPDATE: I have found a problem with email, when using a Corporate account (Google Apps for Education), I have to accept the Remote Management Rules; however, once I do and the account is added emails will come through and everything appears to work, however, all emails are White (blank) except for header (who from, who to, and Subject).  All emails in this account are blank, if the account is setup in Gmail app it works fine, or if setup as IMAP in Stock it works, just not as ActiveSync in Stock Email.  I believe the problem is with the Remote Management.  I have tried several settings from the Google Apps Control Panel, and nothing makes it work.  I have emailed Google to see if they will remove the mobile management feature from the Google Apps account, and am waiting to hear back.  I guess if I cannot get it to work I will have to use IMAP, although that is a waste of battery...  If I find a solution I will post it here!UPDATE: Google Chrome is unbearably slow on this phone, I switched to Firefox and it seems to work better.  Chrome has some neat features, but it is so large and slow it is a nightmare to use, Firefox works great (better than stock, as far as speed).The interface is great, the menus and options looks great!  When i first started the phone after updating to ICS, the phone background was changed, it was the ribbon, but did not feel right, it only moved when you scroll, not just by hovering your finger.  After digging around I found the old ribbon with floating touch interaction, go to Settings > Wallpaper >> Live Wallpaper >> and it is Cosmic Flow (you can change color by going to Settings from that menu) -- The Theme setting will change it to that scroll one, but you can get the live one by going to Cosmic Flow.The lock screen is improved (and worse at the same time).  You can now access the camera from the lock screen, and if you have Pandora or other radio playing you can go to next track from the lock screen (swipe the clock to the left; used to you could only control the built in music player, now it is whatever is playing).  Now, the lock screen is worse, because you now have to choose to either have the swipe (where you get those features) or to have a lock on it (pattern, PIN, or password).  You cannot have both (use to you would swipe and then pattern), now if you have pattern on you see it when you hit power button.  Also, if you have anything other than swipe, you will not see notifications in the lock screen.  For example, if setup you can see emails (who and subject) in the lock screen above the slide, and then you can know who the email is from without opening the phone, now if you have a lock screen (other than slide) you will have to always unlock.  I like being able to see at a glance if something is important, so I took off security and have slide, but I wish they would have kept the Slide then lock type (I should not have to choose between ease of use and security); although remember, I cam from the iPhone and am used to that layout.The menus are nice looking and apps just look better now.  I like the app switch (hold down home) and the slide them to close them, it is very nice!The Walkman app is very nice and has a nice look and feel to it.Chrome is now on the phone.  However, Chrome has been ridiculously slow, and using it freezes this phone to where you cannot interact with it, until you are able to kill chrome.  The Stock browser is not that much better.  I also, find that when using Chrome or Stock that the Wifi icon will disappear and I will get the No Internet Message in Chrome or Stock.  I am going to reinstall Firefox and see if it is any better.  So far browsing is a nightmare.The email app is greatly improved (and also loss a little), the new options are nice and the ability to remember safe senders for images are nice.  You can also choose which account to send new emails from, from the message (use to you had to open that inbox, or it would always use default account).  However, there is no way to default to Combined Inbox, and occasionally simple messages (just text) will be completely blank on the screen, I will have to use the computer to see the messages, because the Mail app will not open them (well, it opens them, just does not show anything).  You can also no longer zoom out to see the entire message from the screen, the app zooms in to where it thinks it is best and you can not zoom out (you could do this in Stock Mail app in GB, but never in Gmail app).  One good thing, is now when you see a message on the phone's lock screen and you open it on your computer, it will remove itself from the lock screen and stop flashing the green light on the phone (used to all messages would backlog on the lock screen and then when you unlock they would go away, now they go away as you open them elsewhere (like on a computer). -- Great improvement!The phone's performance, is adequate, sometimes it runs great, other times it gets so slow I cannot use it, and have to restart it.  It has crashed on me once (where all of a sudden the Sony logo pops up and the phone reboots).  I have also went to Shut Down phone and it restarts itself (makes me think it crashed while shutting down).Battery is not that great, using Chrome for about 10 minutes drained the battery by 10%.  battery was not that great before, but it seems worse (I am not using the battery saver thing, since it turns off networking when sleep, and that defeats the purpose of a smartphone).The ICS copy/paste and text alterations are really great, and a lot easier to use than that hold and wait system in GB.NFC is also improved and you can do more with NFC, although I do not like the new icon in the top for NFC, it is large and takes up space in my already overfilled bar (battery now has a percentage gauge that I cannot turn off).I am still trying to improve the performance of my unit with ICS, I really like the features and use, but right now Internet browsing is horrible.  I am going to reinstlal Firefox, and play with it and see if it is better.  There are so many great changes, but then there are these compromises you have to make which really take away from the greatness.  I am happy with the upgrade, and after some more fine tuning, it should be better.  I will keep you informed, and hopefully the problems I am facing will be fixed by an update.Here is the original Review (note, this is in Gingerbread, see above for ICS related items):So this is my first Android smartphone, I have an iPhone ever since the iPhone 3G was released (had iPhone 3G then iPhone 4), so switching to Android was a big change (my iPhone 4 stopped working, and I felt it was time for a change).Firs off, I looked at the Xperia U, but the lack of Micro SD card slot, made me come up to the Sola, since the built in 8GB (only 4GB usable same on U and Sola) was not enough to even hold my music.I also, like this phone since it is the same size as the iPhone 4 (almost identical), this one has a large screen, but the body is identical (just a mm or so larger).  This was important to me since it means most of the iPhone accessories work with this phone, like my holster and my sport armband, this phone fits in perfectly and since the headphone jack is on top it matches the iPhone.To let you know I use Straight Talk here in the USA (Bring your Own Phone, AT&T; Based Micro SIM; from my iPhone 4).  I also purchased a Micro SIM adapter for this phone, since it used a regular sized SIM.  However, once I got the phone I found that I did not need it since the phone included a Micro SIM adapter.  The SIM card slot on this phone is a very open slot under the back wall so you do not have to fear too much about it getting jammed (I would be nervous using an adapter if I had to slide the SIM card deep into the phone).  Also, the Micro SIM adapter included with this phone had a piece of double sided tape that would stick to the Micro SIM and keep it in place, so it getting jammed is not much of a problem (I have no issue using my Micro SIM in the adapter included with this phone). -- It was a great bonus to have the adapter come with this phone!  Most do not include it and I wish I knew it was included before I purchased one, however, the fact that it came with it made this phone great!I set it up (if you are using a prepaid network do not use the APN setting down loader (from Sony in the phone) since it will not find it (at least for Straight Talk, it tries to use ATT).  Once I got the phone setup I went to Settings and added my APN and MMS settings from the Straight Talk website and it worked perfectly (3G/EDGE and MMS all worked).The floating touch one of the feature of this phone is neat to play with on the home screen, but really only works on the stock browser.  When viewing websites that have mouse over events this feature allows you to hover over the phone and the site will react as if you are mousing over it.  It has some neat uses on certain websites.  But over all except for playing with the scrolling ribbon on the home page it is not very useful, Sony says they hope to make it a bit more useful in future releases.  However, it has promise!I also found that WiFi was easy to setup, however, it did not like my WPA2-PSK network, so I lowered it to WPA, and it worked perfectly.  This is not an issue with the phone, but with Android (since you will find it online all over the place about others having this problem regardless of the phone), if you downgrade your home network security it will work [the problem is the wifi looping through Connected - Connecting - Obtaining IP - Disconnected constantly].  Hopefully this will be fixed in Android Ice Cream Sandwich or Jelly Bean.The phone has a great looking display responds quickly (no dragging) and looks great!  The design that Sony gave this phone is gorgeous and the Sony interface is beautiful, the phone has a nice music player from the lock screen (scroll the lock screen clock to the left), and has a slide to unlock like the iPhon, or slide to Turn Sounds ON/OFF).  You can also set a pass code or maze lock on the phone.  Movies play instantly (on the SD card) and look amazing, that Bravia engine greatly improves how the video looks!  The camera takes great pictures and video and it has a bright flash that helps low light pictures.  The phone has some neat features like auto smile camera (takes photos when it sees a smile automatically) and auto face focus.I use Gmail and Google Apps for my email, and found that using the Stock Android app works the best (over the Gmail app); I found that the Gmail app cannot scroll out to see large emails (with images), and notifications just work better on the Stock email app (where I can see the from and subject of email on lock screen).  Messages works great and the phone app is nicely formatted.  I tried the Stock web browser, but decided to go with Firefox (will probably switch to Google Chrome when ICS comes out).The NFC tags were not a big deal to me, however, I have grown to find them useful.  I put the two that are included with the phone (Red and Black), on my night stand (on the wall above it), then when I go to bed I tap the phone on the Black one, it turns off sounds and launched the Alarm app [when sounds are off the alarm will still go off], and then when I wake up I tap the red one which sets the phone to Loud Sound. -- Just to note, the phone has to be on and unlocked for the tags to read.  I have found this to be a quick way to go to sleep and wake up, without having to manually do everything.  However, the tags can do so much more, so there is a lot of use you can find for them and they can control many aspects of the phone!The phone also paired easily with my Car (Ford Focus [SYNC]), however, I had to try twice to get it to take the pass code, but once it did the car downloaded the phone book and worked perfectly (no Text messaging through the car though, although the iPhone could not do it either), however, call waiting and call hold worked.As you can see this is a great phone, it works great, it looks great, and is easy to use.Now for the reason the item lost a star:The sound is not that loud coming from the speaker.  I believe the main problem is that the speaker is facing out from the back of the phone.  Therefore the sounds are not going toward you, instead going toward the back.  I wish the speaker was facing you or was on the bottom.  You may find it easier when using speaker phone to hold the phone with the screen facing down.  I also, have found that if the phone is laying on books or some other non hard material the speaker becomes muffled and is hard to hear, so I found to always leave it hanging over the books, or to keep it in the holster (I can hear it fine from in the holster).  The headphone jack is on top and supports standard headphone jacks, the phone includes a pair of Sony in ear ones, but the in ear kind have never fit inside my ear.When I put the phone in my belt holster, I found that when using the phone (Bluetooth headset) when sitting down would constantly go to call fail.  After testing and experimenting I found the problem.  The antenna is at the top of the phone, thus when I would sit down the phone would press into my stomach and then when the phone was pressed against my stomach the antenna would be blocked and I would go to no Service.  FIX: A quick fix I found was to always put the phone in the holster head first (top of phone in so the base of the phone pressed into my stomach).  This fixed the problem and it no longer when to no service when in the car.OK, so I learned to live with the antenna problem by putting in the phone upside down in the holster.  I then found another problem.  BATTERY!  I found that the phone would not last the entire day, so I started researching and found that if I turn down the display it would help, it was on 100% with Auto on, so I turned it down to about 30% with auto on and it still looked great and was super bright.I found many people recommend a Task Killer, however, my knowledge of LINUX would make me not want to use it since, I know that Android is automatically handing processes in the background and interfering will probably cause more battery use for the apps to restart in the background later, so I do not use a Task Killer.In the end I have Wifi, Cellular Data, Auto Sync, Bluetooth, GPS, NFC all on; Push email; and have display at 30% with auto brightness.  I now get about 10 to 16 hours on a charge.  It depends on my use of the phone, I find that making voice calls drain the battery the most, and if I make voice calls for more than 1 hour on a day I will probably only get 8 hours.I wish that Sony gave it a bigger battery, but for the price this is actually a pretty good battery life compared to other Android phones.In the end, this phone looks, feels, and works great!  I am very happy with this phone.  I get my push everything and it offers most of the apps I used on my iPhone.  I learned to live with putting the phone in upside down, and that fixed that first problem, and the battery issue seems to be a problem with all Android devices.  If this phone had a larger battery it would have been better, but for the price I can learn to live with it.  I can charge the battery with my USB port in my car, so I am going to get a USB cable for my car (to keep in the glove box), for emergencies when my battery dies.  I will also add a charging station near my desk to get a charge whenever I am at my desk.  This phone works and looks great, there are a few flaws I found, but for the price I can learn to live with them.  I am happy with this phone and would recommend it.  Sony did a great job with this phone, and the features and feel of this phone make it a great phone!Sony also gives you PC and Mac software for troubleshooting this phone (clean install of Android) and the ability to transfer images, music, videos and everything else to and from your phone.  I use Mac OS, and found this software the best way to add music since I can add playlists from iTunes to the phone.  The software can be downloaded from Sony Mobile's website.  The music player on the phone is also pretty sweet and can download all the music info for you (cover art, and metadata).Also, if you have a problem with the phone Sony offers pretty good support, they offer US phone support (they have it for all different countries, but I only used the US number), the wait time is a bit long, but the people are knowledgeable and will walk you through any problems.  They also offer Chat support which I find to be quicker for small questions (this info is on the Sony Mobile website).The phone also comes with a few apps you may want to uninstall (like a game store, and a few music stores from Sony), to uninstall click the little squares symbol on the bottom left of the phone and hit the red X over each app you want to get rid of.  You cannot remove them all, but you can easily remove some that you do not need.  The Music identifier program that Sony gives you is really nice, so you may want to give it ago.I know this is a long review, but making a phone purchase is a big deal to me, and I spent a lot of time doing research before purchasing this one.  If you have any questions on this phone let me know (comments) and I will try to help.  It is truly a nice phone, and a few flaws were not enough to make me return it and I have been enjoying it greatly since I got in the habit of it (it was tough switching after having an iPhone for so long).  Also, when you get this phone don't forget to install the Amazon App Store, they give you a free app a day, and a couple of days a go I got Angry Birds for free, so they offer some nice apps for free!Also, to let you know Ice Cream Sandwich is not available for this phone yet,  Sony says it will be available this year, so hopefully it will be here soon.  The current version for this phone is Gingerbread, however, a build approval for this phone's ICS update as been approved so it should not be long (hopefully).UPDATE: After seeing other reviews, I thought I better clarify that the phone has 8GB of internal space.  However, like all phones (if you ever had an iPhone you know when you buy a 16GB model you can only use 13GB for data) the OS takes up quite a bit of this, so after the Android OS and all of the software that is added you will have about 4GB available.  Internal Memory (last option on the Storage section in Settings), is for Android and is not for holding user files.  This will change constantly and will be cleared when the phone is rebooted.  The benefit of this phone over the Xperia U is that it supports a Micro SD card, so you can add a Micro SD card and add a lot of space to it.  Sony has listed that this phone has 8GB and 5GB available to use that means that 3GB is just for Android and software (although I find that after Sony apps and Android it uses about 4GB), and as you upgrade to newer Android OS and install more apps that will be even lower.  This true of any phone.  On my phone after installing all of my apps (about 30 of them [games, financial, reference, video streaming, and music streaming and utilities]: I have 3.76GB of available space on my phone and total space was 3.98GB to start with [after upgrading to build: 6.0.B.3.184].  I put most my movies and music on my Micro SD card.UPDATE: After seeing the other review about battery replacement, I thought I better add a little more info on the actual battery.  This phone has a removable back cover for adding a Micro SD card and the SIM card, however, the battery is NOT changeable.  The battery does not come out and if you need it changed you should send it back to Sony (either through Warranty or general pay per incident support).  This is identical to how iPhone works, the battery is not changeable by the user but can be replaced by the manufacture if needed.  However, just to mention it, since some people will, there are (like everything) a way to do something that was not meant to be.  You can find plenty of videos and tutorials on how to change the battery, however, you are not suppose to and it will most likely void your warranty.  This phone's battery is not meant to be changed it cannot be easily removed and is meant to be changed by only Sony.  However, like the iPhone it is possible to do it yourself, however, there are great risks and other than issues with warranty you may damage the device if not done right.  I would not recommend changing the battery yourself; plus it will probably be hard to find a replacement battery since Sony does not sell them (I personally do not like using non manufacture parts in my devices), and the risk of damaging the device. is not worth the cost of having Sony change the battery.

Despues de leer maravillas con este modelo de Xperia, les puedo decir que es super rapido comparado con otros equipos de esa gama, tiene buena memoria interna, lo que te libra de estar limpiando el cache molestoso y eso, me gusta la camara es de excelente resolucion, los 50gb que regalan al descargar BOX. Bateria con un duracion aceptable y muy buena en modo uso extendido. Es super genial y comodo el uso de Smartags te hace ahorrar muchisimo tiempo activando funciones del celular.  Me encanta la Pantalla HD que tiene aunque esperaba algo mas del sonidoQue no me gusto:  el boton de la camara hay que presionarlo demasiado para que active la funcion, cuando usas el swiftkey la linea para el trazo de las teclas es demasiado grande y resulta incomodo (deberia tener opcionar el tipo de linea que se desea visualizar), se calienta rapido con el uso de juegos (juegos sencillos) y la aplicacion para uso del automovil es pesima en comparacion con aplicaciones que ofrece incorporada otras marcas.En definitiva es una buena compra para los amantes de smartphones, he usado otras marcas en gama media y puedo decir que esta ha sido la mejor opcion.After reading wonders with this Xperia model, I can tell you is super fast compared to other teams in that range, has good internal memory, which frees you to be annoying and clearing the cache that, I like the camera is excellent resolution, the 50gb that give the download Box app. Battery duration with acceptable and very good use extended mode. It's super great and comfortable using Smartags saves you a lot time activating cellular functions. I love the HD screen has but expected more soundI did not like: the camera button should be pressing too hard to activate the function when you use SwiftKey line for the stroke of the keys is too large and is uncomfortable (opcional should have the type of line to be displayed ), heated quickly with the use of games (simple games) and application for automobile use is dismal compared to other embedded applications offered brands.Definitely a good buy for fans of smartphones, I've used other brands in midrange and I can say that this has been the best option.

Just like the title says, don't buy any Sony phone if you value your money. Sony has TERRIBLE support once they sold a phone. I'm not saying Sony stinks, but at least Sony Mobile does stink. Sony makes beautiful phones, but don't let yourself be lured by that, since you will not receive the support you deserve for your money, and that's more important than how your phone looks.This phone was sold with an old operating system (Gingerbread) with promises for future updates. The Ice Cream Sandwich update came in very late, several several months after Google launched ICS. If that's not enough the update was bug RIDDEN. The phone is unusable, it's embarrassing to use in front of others. Starting a call takes minutes, picking a call takes several seconds, SEVERAL as in enough to lose your calls. Sony has already announced it will not update the phone to Jelly Bean and has not provided any bug fixes either. This history of lousy support is the same for all of their handsets. They will sell it without the latest Android, then they will update it once to the following Android version (the one it should have launched with) and then they forget about it.Please do yourself a favor and do some research in their support forums ([...]) you can see the myriad of faults that all of their phones have as well as their lousy support by yourself instead of reading about it. Customers are told to wipe their phones in order to "fix" known software bugs, this will obviously not fix it because the problem lies in the software they put in the phone, which will be the same after you wipe it. So they deny bugs rather than fix them and don't care what type of bugs their customers are facing because they are busy launching new phones that new customers will buy instead of making their previous phones work and satisfying their current customers.Their updates are also very very slow, there are customers of this phone that as of today have not received their ICS update and are still running Gingerbread.Not a single Sony phone has launched with the latest Android and then received Android updates for at least 18 months as they are supposed to.Please value your money and your time and get any other brand, Samsung, HTC, Motorola, just STAY AWAY from Sony, or your will regret it.

It powered up fine the first time, although the battery wasn't really charged, the phone was lagging quite badly already.Decided to let it complete its first charge.When I came back hours later, the phone was dead. Tried removing and replacing the battery, no chance.Completely dead, the battery I believe it was.Seller didn't even refund me the return shipping despite being its fault.

The phone is very solid. Nonetheless, it's a bit misleading when Sony claims that it has 8GB of memoryMemoryInternal phone storage: 8GB (up to 5GB user-accessible memory)RAM: 512 MBExpansion slot: microSD, up to 32GBWhen you you actually look at the memory distribution on your actual phone you'll seeTotal space 3.98 GB, Available space 2.48 GB and below it is mentioned as Phone Memory Available space 1.62 GB.Nowhere it shows that the total space is 8 GB!!! It turns our that only half of those 8GB are available to the phone's user.

This phone is very good, is fast, can play 3D games and has many more things that are very good, allowing four fingers on the screen

very good phonegood performanceGood design performanceexcellentexcellentexcellentexcellentexcellentexcellentexcellentexcellent excellent excellent excellent excellent

This is a very nice phone. I love it the only thing is that it is quite small compared to others however it has all the tools and functions as other phones

The phone has a solid, industrial feel and fits perfectly in the palm of your hand. The battery life is perfectly adequate (contrary to what some people have said), it is easily upgradeable to Android 4.0 (ICS), and is a joy to use. After hours of shopping I determined that this phone would get me the most for my money. I wasn't wrong.

This Smartphones it's great! Because it's very fast for the navigation, the aplications are funny and the software is responsible

A smart phone for people who don't want things they will never use. It is about the same size as the Iphone 4S and at 1/3 the price (no contract). The screen is beautiful which makes watching videos great. It will work with AT&T; or any of their MVNOs. The best part is that it has a micro SD slot. Few other phones of this size have the slot.Lacking a front camera but that doesn't matter now because data is no longer truly unlimited. The Ice Cream Sandwich update is due anytime now so if you want a small, up to date phone without a huge price tag, this is it!

The phone arrived within a week. It worked instantly when the SIM card was inserted. Excellent phone for the price. The android OS allows for enough availability of useful apps. Simply love this phone and you will too; won't be disappointed. Excellent seller!

good sice, its light, fast web browser, good screen, easy to use, and with some things that make this phone a very good smatphone, but sometimes freezes and restart specially when I listen music, but I really recommend itSaludos desde Costa Rica!

simply is the best of the best!, excellent phone for entertainment and work. It is practical, stylish and comfortable to use

This is my first smart phone so I can't really compare it to another smart phone but based on my own subjective experience I would have to say it is a pretty good phone. It's small but sufficient for my own personal use. I'm not on the thing all day long and don't require a bigger screen but I can see how a bigger screen might be better for some. I should add though that the resolution is very good and videos come in bright and clear as well as pictures. I use the MP3 function quite a bit and this works fine. Sound quality is good but I am looking to invest in a nice set of earphones. Battery life could be better but it is a small phone and small phones have small batteries; you get what you pay for here. Overall I would say that I'm happy with my purchase. Phone functions the way it should and I haven't had any problems with it.

This phone was supposed to be temporary until I could upgrade to a better contract phone, but it continues to surprise me, and I won't let it go! I've been eligible to upgrade for months now, but see no purpose, the phone I have now (the xperia sola) is the best!Why I got the Xperia Sola-I had an Atrix 4g, and the touch screen digitizer broke repeatedly and I had to replace it a lot. So I wanted to get a phone with a more reliable build quality. After doing some research I'd found that these unlocked Sony phones were built tough, and I really had no idea they were built this amazing!How it holds up-I work outside everyday in Las Vegas, doing landscaping and labor work, so I needed something that could handle extreme conditions. The Sola holds up VERY well. I fell in a pool with the phone, and my first instinct upon getting out of the water was to take the battery and cards out of the Sola. But as you know the Sola has a built in battery, so I thought I was screwed. I WAS WRONG. I put it back facing up without the cover on the dashboard of the work truck for an hour, then like magic IT TURNED ON FULLY FUNCTIONAL. EVERYTHING worked as it did before. I've read that some of the xperia phones of water resistance, but even if its not stated for the Sola, it holds its own.Battery life-Like I said I work outside all day, from 6am-4pm, so I need something that can play music and keep me in touch throughout the day. I can listen to the FM radio on the phone all day and have 20% battery leftover that can keep it going until midnight with light/moderate use. Amazing battery life compared to my old phones.Hardware-3.7" screen is the perfect size. Camera is okay. FM radio is awesome. I've never had any problems with the touch screen digitizer. Buy some screen protectors though it can get scratched up pretty good. Dual core 1ghz is perfect, and I do web development on the go. The NVIDIA video processor makes everything look swag. RAM is sufficient, onboard storage is good too, but I popped in a 32gb expansion which works great.Firmware/Software-Firmware blows away other manufacture/stock firmware. So much that I didn't even TRY to unlock the bootloader and load custom ROMS, and I love custom roms. It's perfect stock. I'm running gingerbread but they make it look like ICS, you can update it manually but i've heard it slows it down (it should work fine if you clear the caches and flash a clean stock before updating though).>> Walkman music app is so sick I love itCall quality/ Signal strength-Carrier im using is AT&T;, and you can plug the sim in and make/recieve phone calls, but to use the internet/mms you need to input some server addresses to settings.For entering APN settingsGo to Settings > Wireless and Networks > Mobile Network Settings  > Access Point NamesThen hit the physical menu button to pull up the hidden menu with the option of add APNGoogle your carriers APN data or copy from a friends phone like I did lol

It looks and feel great, but it has a Wifi problem. If you search u can find a lot of report that sony firmware for xperia has this issue, and there is no repair.If you got luck, u can ask for refund. Unfortunally, i'm from Brazil and just bought the Xperia Sola in my trip to USA, so i can't ask for refund now...If u think in getting this cel, i recommend the Motorola Atrix 4G. It feels even greater, has 4" LCD and it's as good as this xperia.

First off, I'd like to say that I didn't really want to purchase a Gingerbread phone. Sony however promised an update to ICS for the Sola, and so I decided to get it and wait for the update.The phone worked decently on Gingerbread, but please understand that this review was based on the premise that Sony promised me an official update to ICS, and THAT is what convinced me to purchase the phone, otherwise I wouldn't have.Having said that, ICS has slowed down the performance of the phone significantly. Simple functions like dialing and receiving calls have started to take an eternity. I've tried everything (short of reverting to Gingerbread, which would defeat my purpose of purchasing the phone, and is a confusing task in its own right for the technically challenged) from task killers to custom roms, but the performance is still poor.It's led me to disable a lot of simple features I purchased the phone for, like widgets, live wallpaper and certain apps that run in the background (like Viber).The memory management is poor, as at any given time it averages less than 50mb, and that's thanks to the task killer.The camera (both before AND after the update), takes about 5-10 seconds to take a picture (trying to auto-focus), all while the poor subject has to bear with the LED blinding them. Most pictures with flash ends up with a lot of squinting eyes.I have a backup phone, branded Alcatel, which uses Gingerbread, that runs about the same speed as my Sola now. Of course, it's less than quarter the price. I'm just saying this for comparison sake.I find it hard to recommend a phone where updates (official ones at that) should be avoided.
