
the tracfone prepaid card does what we need it to do we have had them before.  and it works for me.

This phone is what I needed for emergency use and fits the bill for that purpose only. Found it much more economical than the many many bundled plans offered.

I really like this phone it sounds good and gets good reception pretty much any where i go and I live in a remote area with poor cell service most people with more expensive iPhones or whatever have a hard time with there phones in this area unlike this phone that works like a champ and will work fine I also picked up a lg 840g which is a nice phone but dose not get as good of reception as this phone the only downside to this phone is it is only a double minute phone I wish tracfone would make a triple minute flip phone then this phone would be perfect.i did not buy this from amazon but I did buy from tracfone because it was cheaper,also I am not vey happy with amazon making there free shipping at 35 instead of 25 looks like I will be using eBay and other sites more then amazon due to them increasing the free shipping charge on ordering to 35.

After trying several different styles of phone I have gone back to the flip and find it to be the best for my needs.  Does everything I require and I can drop it in a purse without worrying it will take on a mind of its own.  I have no problem with the camera and suggest that those who do might try reading the material that comes with it.  Solved my problem.

I had other phones, sliders, and the ones that were easy to text from.  They would constantly dial when I had them  in my purse, so I elected to get the flip phone to protect from autodialing.  This connects with my Bluetooth easily and I never autodial again!  It is well worth the small amount you pay and the keypad is big enough so your fingers don't overlap on the other numbers.  I love this phone.

I bought this phone to have a basic phone, and that's what it is. Very easy to see and operate. Nice display that alway's has yourremaining minutes and service day's on it. I set this up on line in about 15 minutes with no problem and realey like the doubleminutes: works great.  If you want a basic phone this does a good job.

I bought this phone for my mother. She was fed up with Verizon and the high costs for something she only used a few times a month. The final straw was when they sent her a new phone with no battery or back included. When they finally sent the missing parts the back didn't fit her phone so she sent everything back and cancelled her service. That was about eight months ago and they continually send her a bill for over $200 for something she couldn't even use.I bought her this because I want her to have a phone for when she is out so she can get in touch with me or anybody else if she needs to. The cost was right and you can't beat the double minutes. She went ahead and paid for the one years worth of service time and wound up with well over 1200 minutes for talking for what worked out to be about $10 per month.

phone part works great but am unable to send or receive pictures. at least it works in wisconsin- last one I got from local store and it could NOT be activated in wisconsin

This basic phone (with camera and a few premium features) was exactly what my wife desired.  The price was teriffic.

HANDLES EVERYTHING I NEED IT TO DO AND MORE. VERY GOOD VALUE. USE BASICALLY AS EMERGENCY PHONEIN VEHICLES, HANDLES CALL FORWARDING VERY WELL.

I purchased 2 of these phones and the reception is so much better than any other I've had with tracfone service.  I only wish I could read messages on the external screen.  Overall, I would recommend this product.

As others have noted, the back cover will not fit. Amazon sent me two more units and they had the same issue. I guess no TracFone for me.On the plus side Amazon has completely taken care of me. Great company to do business with.

Great phone so far (have had it only 2-months)Fantastic keyboard, good resolution display, great battery life, immediately syns to the service signal when turned on.  Even has an 'easy to use' camera.LG is now on my list of 'Quality Stuff'.

I've finally found the perfect phone for me. Being an &#34;old timer&#34; at 64, the screen is big enough to see who's calling, and the buttons are big enough to use comfortably. I'm even learning to text! Even considering getting rid of my land line phone!! VERY happy with this purchase.

Bought this for my mother-in-law as she did not like the touch screen phone we had given her.  She loves this phone.

I'm looking for a basic phone - voice and an occasional text.  Nothing fancy.  I use 100-200 minutes per month and the big carriers have nothing for a low usage person like me.  No contract, pay as you go.  Comes out to about 12 cents a minute.This is a CDMA (Verizon) Tracfone phone. I used to have a GSM (AT+T) Tracfone, which was also a LG.  This phone has better coverage, fewer drop-outs, and fewer &#34;no services&#34;.  Huge improvement.  Much better in rain & snow, too.  Rain + snow really killed the signal strength on my GSM phone.Good:Big buttons, very good sound quality.  Very good speaker phone, I use the speaker phone a lot for voice mail.  Easy to use.Not so good:Ringer could be louder and the (free, included) ring tone selection is poor.  Have not tried purchased ringtones.Tracfone activation is a major pain.  I've activated 6 or 7 Tracfones in the past three years (for me and others) and only one has gone OK without a 20-30 minute call to tech support.  Transferring a number from one Tracfone to a new one makes it even more of a pain.  But those are Tracfone problems, not problems with this phone.5 stars for the phone, 1 star deducted for Tracfone activation.For those of you with battery cover problems - it's not at all obvious which way it goes on, try rotating it.  Very easy to mix up top and bottom.  I klutzed with it for a while before getting it right.

I love it but unless I am wrong and not that I would use the camera feature that much but, I do not understand enough about transferring a photo from the phone to say my HP Printer with e-print or to my lap-top? It would appear that you can send it to another cell phone but I would rather be able to sent it to my printer or at least my computer. The phone I like very much and would recommend it for others like me  ( A Dummy) that do not care for or want a smart phone.

Purchased one of these for each of my parents.  They had to have a tracfone that uses cdma service, not gsm.  It picks up very well and has a camera too.

we hate cell phones and needed one for emergencies.  This gives me 800 minutes and the cost will be about $100 a year.  Beats any other plan when you don't use a phone much

I ordered this for a friend who is hard to please when it comes to trac phones.  She was most unhappy with a Samsung I got herlast year.  Held my breath until she got this one.  She loves it!  Easy to use, large numbers, easy to master the instruction book.The only complaint was with trac phone headquarters that took four to five days to get it turned on.  The phone, tho, is great.

Love the speaker button on the front and the bigger numbers. Great reception andalmost all of the features I want!

I had to glue the back on.I don't know if I could get a better phone for my phone service .I don't like the way the back go's on..

If you want a phone that is just a phone but does have a text feature to it and caller ID but withouta monthly fee and yearly contract then this is the phone for you.  I love it!!

Had searched a long time for a phone my husband could use anywhere.  I discovered the secret, p/ns with a &#34;C&#34; work with Verizon towers and that is the area serving us.  Now he has access to me, wherever I am, wherever he is and he has a camera option.  Buttons are big, good for seniors, and phone is sleek and trim, compact.

Reasonable basic CDMA prepaid phone at a great price.  Double minutes for life.  Call quality and coverage (under Verizon's network) are top notch in my area (Pittsburgh suburbs).  The phone is a bit bulky for its features, but it has an easy-to-read, sharp main display (220x175 pixels) and a monochrome outer 96x96 pixel display for time, date, caller ID, signal strength, battery level etc.  The VGA camera is nothing to write home about.  It features Bluetooth for headset/ handsfree operation, pushes contacts and calendar items, but with its native setup it does not allow to send pictures or sounds/ ringtones via Bluetooth - they need to be sent via multimedia message.  Customization options provide all the necessary settings, some basic tools like 5 alarms, stopwatch, unit converter, calculator, tip calculator, world clock.  It does charge through a micro-USB port, but doesn't exchange data via USB.  The glossy black case and display are fingerprint and grease magnets.  The keypad (including the navigation button) is backlit which helps at night.  Speakerphone works well, so does the very minimalist web browser.  Interestingly this phone features voice commands for dialing and picking contacts from the address book which is unseen in phones at this price point.I read several reviews stating that the ringer volume is too low.  It is easy to add a well-recorded MP3 ringtone to the phone's odd generic set and thus alleviate these woes.The issues with the back cover are not real either.  It is a bit tricky to get it placed correctly:  Hook in the tabs at the top of the closed phone, push the cover towards the bottom as far as possible without breaking the tabs off.  Then clip in the bottom tabs.  The cover sticks out about 1/16 inch over the top of the phone.  Gently SLIDE the cover towards the bottom of the phone, and it will stay in place, held by the four tabs on the side of the cover.  They are designed to fit in the L-shaped grooves of the phone's body, and the cover snaps into these grooves.  To remove the cover, push it towards the top of the phone by 1/16 inch, then lift the bottom of the cover.  It is easy to tell when the cover is in place - it matches the phone's body curve.  If it is not snapped in the grooves it will stick out at the top.Overall, this phone does its job well, but its lack of USB and Bluetooth data connectivity did cost it one star.  I previously used an LG420g (TracFone on T-Mobile network) which, for the same price, was able to push and pull files via Bluetooth and USB.  I bought the LG235C because of the very spotty voice and data coverage of T-Mo in my area.

It is the phone I have been looking for...it is easy to use, large numbers, internet capable, and has a camera. However, I basically use the phone and the rest is frosting on the cake.

The phone was defective. I had to return it to Tracphone.  The phone was replaced and seems to work great.It has more features than I wanted, but that is a plus.  The phone was received in timely manner from the vendor.

I love everything about the phone with the exception of Camera. Why is there a camera, when I can't upload from it to my Computer. Bought a USB cord which fits but will not let me upload images from the camera to computer. Anyone have an answer to this?

This phone is easy to use, easy to see the key pads.  This phone has a very good connections to the network.  Does not drop calls. I would recommend this phone to anyone.  Be surer your buy the model no. LG 235C  which will connect to the Verizon network. Make surer the last letter in model no. is a C. If it is a G you get connection to AT&T and you do not want that.

I was so glad to get this phone after having the LG touch screen which I hated! Its' exactly what I wanted; basic, easy to use and because it has a flip top, buttons don't accidentally get pushed as it did with the touch screen phone.Only problem is it stopped working after 1 1/2 months. Luckily Amazon gave me an extension on the return time. I ordered another from Tracfone.

This is a simple easy to use phone. Flip top prevents the phone from turning itself.  The menu is intuitive. Great cell phone especially for $20.00.  Tracfone offers a honest pay as you go service.  I have never had an issue with this company.

After several phone calls with Tracfone and finally with LG, it was determined that as others have reported, this phone can sometimes be delivered with the incorrect battery cover.  It appears to fit, but will not stay locked on.  I decided rather than return the phone and hope that the package contains the correct battery cover, it was easier to epoxy the cover in place.  My decision was based on the probability that I would never replace the battery, but simply buy a new phone.  I did call Amazon and report this issue and they indicated that they would be happy to ship a replacement phone, but the epoxy route solved the problem quicker and easier.  Porting over my existing number did not even take 24 hours in my case.  I'm giving 4 stars because of the battery cover issue.  It's a great phone for the money.

I have no need for the whole electronic world to be present in my phone, so this phone was just what I was looking for - a device to make and receive phone calls.

I bought this phone as a replacement for my LG 200C, which served me well for over 4 1/2 years. I've been using the LG 235C for a month now and so far it's been an excellent successor to the 200C. Not only was the price ($19.99) right, but with double minutes, this phone is a steal! For a lowdown of all the pros and cons of this phone, here goes:PROS:* Unlike most of Tracfone's flip phones of the past, this is a camera phone with an external call window.* This phone uses CDMA technology, which means it's a Verizon Tracfone.* Signal reception seems to be much better with this phone than the other phones I've owned and used in the past, including my 200C, which was also Verizon-powered.* It has a sleek, sophisticated design and a highly configurable interface, which gives you the options to choose bigger and more elegant fonts than the standard fonts.* A fairly wide selection of ringtones, including an old-fashioned telephone ringtone.* A wide selection of default wallpapers.* A Speakerphone button which turns the speaker on and off.* Excellent battery power.* Internet access.* Some very useful apps, including a unit/currency converter, as well as updated versions of the good old calculator, calendar, tip calculator and world clock apps that are standard on almost every phone. These apps can be very handy while traveling!* A sound recorder.* Bluetooth access.* And more.CONS:* The games included on this phone are demo versions which only allow you to play a few moves before asking you to purchase the full version (It costs 21 units per game). Unlike most of the older Tracfone phones, there are no free games on this phone. if you like to play a few card games on your phone while waiting in the doctor's office, you might want to keep this in mind.* In standard mode, the volume isn't quite as loud as it should be. If you're in a store where the overhead music is cranked, some of the default ringtones might be impossible to hear if there's a new SMS or call. If this is the case for you, you'll probably want to turn on the speaker.* No instruction book is included with the phone. However, a PDF version can be found online.All in all, if you're a lightweight cell phone user who just wants to use the phone for what it's intended and have a little extra functionality on the side, this is the phone for you!

This phone delivers great performance for the price. Easy to set up.  Great features. Web site easy to use and understand.

After reading reviews from others on this phone, I decided to order it. And I am very happy with it. It is easy to use and has a good volume for listening and also a good volume for the ringer.

This was just what I wanted.  I was able to call up and have my minutes and service time transferred from the phone I lost to the new one.  You can't go wrong using TracFone

If you want the manual for this phone go to the tracfone home page and browse all phones.  Click on the view details link with this phone.  This will direct you to a page where if you scroll about half way down you will see a "Download Manual" button.  This does not have some features like an MP3 player, a SD card, or apps but you can briwse the web, read email etc.  I opted for this phone because it is CDMA and uses the Verizon network, which gives me more coverage in the rural areas that I live in.  All or most of the other tracfones are GSM.  You can look at their manuals just like I describedabove for looking at the manual for this phone.  Some tell you if they are GSM or CDMA but another way of telling is if they mention a SIM card they are GSM.  CDMA ones don't have a SIM card.  My biggest complaint on this phone is that the battery seems to run down even when I leave it turned off.  I'm an emergency or while traveling user only so I like to leave it off and ignore it for months but you can't do that with this one.  I still really like the phone and it takes pretty good pictures, although you have to email them to yourself and use some of your minutes to keep them or see them better.  You just have to make sure you charge up the phone before you are going anywhere you might need it or just charge it up every 2 to 3 weeks just in case.

We bought this Tracfone for my mother-in-law because the nearest cellphone towers were Verizon. Her current cellphone used AT&T towers and she had to go outside to make or receive cellular phone calls. At one time, I considered installing a Wilson Repeater antenna system in her house, but the initial $200+ cost was too prohibitive. This LG 235C (C suffix utilize Verizon towers) is a great fix and is simple enough for my 82 year old mother-in-law to use.

got this for my father who can only use a large flip phone with really big buttons, big screen, big font and a simple menu to navigate to contacts, recent calls and voicemail. Also the voice clarity has to be loud in order for him to hear well. This phone has all these features. thank goodness, i've been looking for a while. The only short coming is that the ringer isn't as loud as the LG revere (dimensions 3.78" x 1.95" x 0.72") but it's not a big difference. I have the net10 version of this phone (LG 235c)- they are exactly the same. If you want to buy a manuel for the cell phone- like my father does ;) I recommend that you call LG and ask for the manuel for the LG envoy. It's the same phone. I also googled the LG envoy to look at the phone before I bought it. There are a lot more videos to see that way. It's all too complicated. I hope this makes it easier for the next customer. All in all, it's a great phone for someone who is older or someone who wants a simple phone with exceptional call clarity. Glad I found it.Last but not least, for the record, some people say this phone has an mp3 player (something my father will never use). I don't see it. There is a sound recorder and play my sounds player, not a traditional mp3 player. It does not have a n sd card slot or a standard 3.5 jack for headphones (only 2.5) so I have no idea how you might add sounds like songs to that folder. I guess it might be possible from the net or some other way I don't know. I hooked the phone up to my computer and installed the driver and I wasn't able to see folders like you would with an sd card. Maybe it's me but I haven't a clue.Enjoy, it's a nice phone. In fact, the main display is 2.2 inches!! That's bigger than the LG revere which is only 2.0 inches. My dad loves the bigger screen. Although, he would prefer they never update phones as all, lol.Most important, this is a CDMA phone which means it uses verizon towers. I have read it is GSM. That is not true (regardless of whether it is tracfone, net10 or straight talk version) it is CDMA and uses verizon.O...one more thing the phone I bought before this was the LG 220c which is a nice phone but very tiny (dimensions 3.50 x 1.80 x 0.7). The LG 235c is much, much bigger and the sound quality is much, much better (dimensions 3.8 x 1.9 x .7).I'm very pleased with my purchase- finally!BTW: LG 221c is the same phone without the camera.FYI under comments: here is the link to the back battery cover instructions.....

I would have given it 5 stars except like several others I found the case to be impossible to master. I watched the video that one kind person provided the link for and still couldn't get it to snap completely closed. I don't know if I'm the defective or the case is I gave up. I ordered the phone because I was going on vacation and would be traveling alone in somewhat isolated area so I didn't have time to wait for another one. That said the phone has great reception, is simple to use, and has excellent volume.

If you are looking for a basic cell phone to have on hand in case of emergencies, this is the phone for you.

I am not a big cell phone user.  I hated paying a large monthly cell bill when I wasn't really using it; however, I do want the convenience of having a cell phone when I need it.  Tracfone provides all the service I need for about $7.00 per month.  This works great for me.

Was paying $50 per month with Verizon for 30 to 40 minutes of use each month.  The service was good but it was costing me over $1.00 a minute.  I Decided to get a pay as you go plan.  I choose  At&T's $0.10 per minute plan which worked great until I tried to use my phone in Wyoming.  I had bars on the phone but could not access any service.  When I returned to Utah I was informed that with the At&t Plan I only had limited access to the AT&T network.  I learned that even though my phone was capable  of accessing the network, AT&T restricted me from it's use.  I was told I had no access in Wyoming or Nebraska and limited access in Nevada and Idaho.  I investigated other plans and decided to try Tracfone.  It works great for me.  I have used it in Wyoming, Idaho, Arizona, Nevada, Texas, and Colorado.  The LG 235 C phone is all I expected and holds a charge much better than the AT&T phone did.  I am completely satisfied with it.  It has been a great savings to me.  All I need is a phone to use for mainly emergencies.  This system works great for me.  I am getting the same phone and plan for my wife when she uses up the remaining AT&T minutes and then we will drop AT&T.  She uses my phone when we are in areas where her AT&T phone will not work.  I now have much better coverage than I had with AT&T and am spending $3 to $8 an month for phone service instead of the $50 per month I was spending with Verizon.

I ordered Tracfone LG235C but FABUCELL through Amazon sent me LG 236C, I was very disappointed,  I could have went next door and got that Tracfone for less than $15.00 if I wanted that one, but now I got charged $69.99 plus shipping which added up to $74.98, I was very upset.

My original phone did not receive signals in all areas we traveled.  This LG 235C has not failed us yet!  Love it and the Bluetooth, which allowed it to be hooked into my car's hands free capability.  Also love Tracfone since I don't have a free government phone and don't talk all day.  Sure beats contracted costs.

I live in rural Florida in the winter and visit Montana in the summer.  This is a GSM phone that works on the GSM system which has better coverage that a regular tracfone in these rural areas.

This is a cell phone upgrade for my husband and he loves it! This is perfect for someone who does not want all the gadgets but a basic phone with a camera.

We think this phone is excellent for our needs & we also get very good reception all over with it.

I like it. I had the old Samsung $10 model. It kept going on in my pocket. this doesn't do that. only problem is this one doesn't seem to hold a charge as long

The buttons on this phone are just the right size for my fingers, being 6'4&#34; tall and having large hands.  I like the fact that I can easily change the volume and disable sounds with the exterior buttons.  There is even a speakerphone button in the keypad, which is especially convenient for voicemail calls (my Samsung t245g wouldn't let me enable speakerphone (using the menus) when using voicemail, for some reason).The ridge around the perimeter of the 235C is large, which allows one to easily flip the phone open, even with wet or greasy fingers; very useful for mechanics. The screen is large and the graphics are high resolution and pleasant to look at.I bought this phone because my previous tracfone, Samsung t245g, is a GSM phone and would cause a pain on whichever side of my head that I was using it on.  I would feel nauseated after using the t245g for as little as a few seconds.  I found out after getting that phone last year that GSM technology uses much more radiation to transmit than CDMA, which this LG 235c uses.  I wanted a CDMA phone for this reason.The first cell phone I ever had was an LG CDMA flip phone, with Verizon as the carrier.  I used that for three years before wanting to switch to Tracfone to save money on my phone bill.  Too bad I didn't know enough about the different technologies involved, otherwise I wouldn't have gotten the cheapest phone available from tracfone (the t245g).In All, the LG 235C is a great buy for the price.  It's the right size for me, has the features I want, and doesn't make me feel sick when I use it.

This phone would have been good if the back on the phone would have gone back on! The back would not go back on no matter how we tried. I returned the phone for a refund.

Good Price with Double minutesCould not find this phone localWorks in some fringe locationsHave had for several months ... All Good

I read some reviews and thought that by now they must have fixed this problem. No, they haven't. I'll be returning it. :(

Fast delivery works great would recommend to others that need a phone without a Sim card, if you live away from cell towers.

Let me preface this by saying my main phone is an iPhone 5. I love my smartphone but I've had a TracFone for years as a backup line while traveling and also for things like Craigslist, eBay, rebate forms etc. I've had TracFone for over a decade now and have tried most of their phones.I bought this LG 235C because I was looking for a simple phone with good call quality. I don't need internet on my TracFone and will only text message rarely. This phone fits the bill exactly! I previously had a keyboard phone but found it cumbersome to use it as a phone since the dial pad on the front was so small.Pros:- LONG battery life (I'm going on 7-10 days and it's still on 2 of 3 bars!)- Excellent reception- Large screen- Large keypad- Great sound quality + speakerphone- Has bluetooth so you can use a wireless headset or hook it up to your car- Has picture messaging so you can send/receive with friends and family- Price!Cons:- Text messaging is S-L-O-W but doable- Internet is extremely limited (don't buy this to surf the web)- Loaded with double minutes for life instead of triple minutes for life like other TracFonesBasically, this is your perfect basic phone. If you mostly call, and do a little text messaging, this is ideal. I'm impressed with this little phone especially for the price.

I much prefer this phone to my previous LG 420G.  This phone operates on the CDMA network (as does Verizon) which gives me stronger performance.  Also, the buttons on this phone are slightly larger, and with dedicated &#34;space&#34; and &#34;back&#34; buttons, typing anything  is much more convenient.  I've only owned the phone for about a month and I haven't yet explored all its capabilities, but so far I have no complaints - particularly considering the price.

The sound quality is not what I hoped for and the camera is awful. Wasn't expecting a great camera but expected it to be better than it is. The sound buttons on the side are very irritating. Every time I pick up the camera I unintentionally press the sound button on the side of the phone and it beeps. Very irritating.

Good price,Easy to purchase, Quick delivery, Good looking, Simple to set-up, Works great in an area that the previous Motorola did not.  Verizon carrier instead of AT& T.  Well pleased  in all respects.  Long, long life battery.  Our family car was a 1929 Model T Ford.  If I can set it  up and make it work without a grandchild in the house, any one can!

product as described...purchased this one to replace an older lg220c tracfone that was in bad shape...this one seems to have better reception per the signal strength bars on the phone...we don't use it at our house because we live very remotely in the middle of no where colorado...mostly used while traveling on the roads away from our place and on trips...

The back cover keeps falling off!  It was loosely attached inside the packaging, but will not &#34;click&#34; securely into place on the back of the phone.  (Bad design)  My husband just secured it with black electrical tape, since he only carries it with him to camp for hunting season.

The LG 235C Tracfone screen has good visual clarity of the information displayed.  Because I have a vision disability, this improved screen clarity is a pleasing upgrade from my older Tracfone from 2007.  Tracfone is excellent for a person such as myself who seldom uses a cell phone but wants to have communication available if needed when away from home.  For many years I have appreciated the flexibility to buy a very small inexpensive 1 year plan and have the units/minutes bank of talk time roll over as long as necessary until an occasion when making calls is needed.  My only complaint is with the divided cell phone system in our region that requires carrying both a GSM and a CDMA phone to have coverage in the various rural towns.Warning - Do not buy a Samsung T245G Tracfone if visual clarity of the information displayed on the screen is important to you.  Several weeks earlier, I made the mistake of buying a Samsung T245G Tracfone.  The screen information was so difficult to see that the phone was useless for me, and it also makes a bad impression for Tracfone.  Fortunately, I was able to return it immediately to the retail store for a refund where it had been purchased.

I like the features on the phone BUT the battery cover is a joke.....won't stay on!!! I wouldn't buy another lg cell.

I figured how to get the back to stay on. you start putting the back on by starting to slip it on from the bottom of the phone moving it up until it fits on. The trick is to then move it back down slightly while pressing and it locks it on.

Great Product great buy!!! Works very well. Nice and thin fits in your pockets without the bulge.  Great reception in remote areas...

I am not a sophisticated user. It is a TELEPHONE! I have loaded the phone book. The reason I bought it was to get better coverage in the mountains and it succeeds wonderfully. TRAC did not gave good coverage where I live with all he phones they had listed as available. A friend had the same problem and learned of the LG 235C and told me. I had to order From Amazon but Trac activated it and it works great!

The phone works great. I can't however find a way to back up the contacts to a computer for security, or to transfer them to a successor phone. Same problem for transferring pictures. I've tried a USB cable, and downloaded LG drivers, but I can't "see" either device on the other. There's no micro SD card in this phone. Tracfone's forum has a discussion of this problem but no resolution. Tracfone's strategy may be to make everyone email pictures to themselves, to rack up the minutes.Another minor problem is that the case that Amazon recommended for the phone: "universal cell phone flip case fits most prepaid phones" is about a half-inch short of covering the phone. I'll be returning it.

What's not to like: nice sized keys; bluetooth; nice speaker with the button on the phone front; cool dark blue background when making calls with letters you can see really good; nice controls. Nice looking, too, and the perfect size for those little phone pockets in our purses. The price is great as well.

This is a good phone. It's small and compact ,because of the flip. I would recommend this phone to anyone.

This phone has many great features, however the back will not stay attached to the phone. I have tried, and tried to affix it, but it pops off as soon as the phone is opened. I suppose a piece of tape, or silicon caulk would keep the back on. But, I bought a NEW phone and should not have to tape/glue it together. I will be returning this phone this week. What a shame that LG would produce something like this and &#34;Proudly&#34; put their name on it!

i bought this phone for a friend and i think they love it. they seem pleased with the new phone

Bought this cell phone for my husband b/c he broke the screen on his. He loves this cell phone b/c it is a little longer in length than his other phone and more comfortable in his big hands.

We just love this phone. Has extras we will have to try. We usually just use a cell for when we go out, but this one is so much fun to use. Very easy, and the reception is fantastic. Never lose a call or have &#34;dropped&#34; calls on tracfones/LG. LG is a favorite electronics brand in our home. Very nice looking, and well made. Love tracfone, it is perfect for our needs.

First, the deal-breaker.  Annoying enough that if I had known, I would not have bought this phone.  The large, slightly raised volume buttons on the side of the phone are exactly where, when holding the phone, your fingers will naturally curl around and grip.  So, I am constantly accidentally pressing the volume buttons every time I touch the phone, no matter whether I'm grabbing it up off a table, fumbling for it in a bag, or talking on it, it's pressing those buttons.  Irritating.I like the larger font and the large screen, definitely.  But that is all.  In spite of the larger screen, the space seems somewhat wasted, because it only allows you to choose larger font sizes for the numbers which show while you are dialing.  Nothing else.  You cannot make the font size larger for names of contacts, or displays, or text.Previously I had an early version of a small LG Net10 phone, which I bought so many years ago that I expected this to be an upgrade.My previous phone had a camera on it that I didn't realize was actually pretty decent, for a camera phone. I assumed a next gen phone would have at least as good of a camera.  Not the case.  The camera on this LG 235C version is the worst I have ever seen on a phone.  Extremely poor resolution, almost no color, poor lighting - so terrible that it might as well not have a camera.With this phone I can no longer reliably talk in a moving vehicle- it frequently drops the calls.  I switched from Net10 to Tracfone with this purchase, but since one is owned by the other, I wouldn't have thought this would make any difference in the signal provider department.  Maybe it's not the phone, but I can't say I had this problem with my previous phone.I was looking forward to being able to glance at the time without having to flip the phone open and power it on. But the power has to be on for the outer display to work.  So, I still have to flip it open and power it on.  Sigh.I do like the speed dial, and that was easy to program.  Speakerphone works pretty well.Overall, I hate the button design on the sides of the phone.  I cannot recommend this.

my biggest complaint is that you must email pictures if you wish to print, share, or save other than to the phone.  Tracfone does not have internet access in all areas so that makes that impossible unless you are in an area that has access.

I purchased this item to replace a $9.95 tracfone.  The phone itself functions slightly differently than the first one, but I am sure they all do.  The photo feature is a bit lame, but the owner can get off one quick emergency photo, followed by several slower photos.  I have a real camera for real photos.I appreciate the larger keys.The only problem was transferring over the phone number and minutes.  We were told the transfer would be immediate...if we would accept a new number.  However, since I wished to retain the original number, the procedure took more than a week and I lost about 400 minutes.  That's life.  Hopefully, the double minute feature will make up for the loss.In short, an adequate low cost cell phone.

Unbelievable.  Customer service somewhere overseas, so phone link is usually poor, and language is a problem.  Service people stick so closely to their script, that they are completely dumbfounded when something does not adhere to the script and are totally useless.  So far my phone isn't even activated - it's been two weeks of back and forth, so I can't comment on the actual phone service.  If I actually get up and running (and I've read many places on the Internet where people just give up and can't even activate the phone!), I dread what will happen if I have a problem.  Good luck if you do try this service!  Plan to spend hours on the phone working things out.

Phone works as described, good productCharger does not fit recepticle in car - too loose - please replace !!

I rarely use a cell phone, but now and then it is useful and I am glad I have it. I can get a card with 60 minutes, doubled on this phone to 120, which is good for three months for about $20.00. It is easy to handle and easy to use.

I Love my trac phone, it gets reception where my Sprint phone could only wish it could. I don't care about all the B.S. the other phones have on them, i need mine to make calls when i need it to period.

I ordered this phone for my father, after he ordered a different phone and couldn't get any reception (Tracfone Samsung T301G Slider with Triple Minutes for Life! (Tracfone)).  The reception at his remote area in Northern California with this phone is fantastic.  Especially compared with the Samsung T301G.  The Samsung was dropping calls, his signal strength went from 1 bar to none!  With the LG 235C, he has 3 to 5 bars most in most of the same area, and he doesn't get dropped calls.Another thing about the LG 235C is that it is very simple to operate.  The menus and prompts are very intuitive.  And, my dad had no problem putting the battery cover on the phone.  He told me that it was simple, all you have to do is read the instructions.I highly recommend this phone, my dad loves it and he has had many Tracfones to compare to.

Nice hefty feel, not cheap.  Large buttons so hubby feels comfortable using it.  All the features my LG vx8300 has so it is very easy to use and get familiar with.  Gave 5 stars for the phone and even though Tracfone service took some finagling to get existing wireless # ported over they were courteous and things went along rapidly.Following troubles:  Website just quit instead of giving me a track # after I typed all the info in, had to call customer service where there was no record of it.  They promptly got me set up and the number was transferred in just a few hours (hurray).  But then when trying to activate with the # they gave me to type in it hung up so had to  call customer service again(!) but he got me going and all works just fine.  I was a bit disgusted that when he had me make a call (to my home phone I was using so got busy signal) it used up a whole minute! Ugh :-(  considering it was a busy signal I shouldn't have lost a minute.  Maybe they charged me a minute as didn't hang up as soon as got busy signal?  I was on the phone with customer service at the same time so didn't react too swiftly.  Also the company answered quickly to questions I posted on the forum which was a nice surprise.  Overall?  I am quite satisfied and when I added minutes it went smoothly.  Thinking of getting another Tracfone and dropping wireless carrier all together.For those who could not get the Cover to Stay On, I couldn't at first either until I realized I was trying to attach it upside down!!  Turned it correct way and it snapped in place and stays on just fine.

If all you need is to make a call, then this is your phone; cheap to buy and receives a great signal level. The battery life is long and the call clarity is good unless you are using it on speaker phone at higher levels. Bluetooth works well with my car and to move contacts.

I just received the phone yesterday and haven't had a chance to use it yet. I do like the design and the reviews are generally positive. However I am one who also got one where the back cover won't go on. The cover was off the phone in the package. There is a do-it-yourself fix, but with a couple of cautions. You need pretty good fine motor skills and vision. Also you could damage the back cover and might void the warantee? Not for the faint of heart, but I couldn't resist the challenge.There isn't really a manufacturing defect, just a lack of refinement. Actually the plastic casting tolerances are amazingly precise. I took a look at the tabs under a strong magnifying lens. There are 3 tabs on each side and 2 at top and bottom. There was nothing obvious--no burrs--and they did appear to line up properly with the slots on the phone they slide into.The fix is to take a sharp, pointed hobby or utility knife and just slightly soften the edges of the tabs to make them slide more easily into their slots. The plastic is soft. Good lighting and magnification will help. Just do a tiny bit at a time and test the fit. If you are too aggressive you could damage or cut off the tabs. It's not the easiest thing to do, but only takes a few minutes. The cover will then slide on and snap into place just as intended.I hated to think of returning an otherwise functioning device just for the cover, but I also didn't want to have to tape the cover on either. Really, LG needs to supply covers that slide right on in the first place,

The phone has good sound. The functions are easy to use and I have gotten good reception everywhere a verizon tower operates.

I have 2 of these and 2 of the 800 series also. These phones use the Verizon towers and the 800 uses the AT&T towers. I live in the mountain of NE Georgia and that makes a big difference with reception.

I loved this phone. Got it in June of 2012 and today it just totally died. No dropping or banging occurred, it just died so beware it won't last long..... 6 months makes this a very poor quality phone. I have had my Motorolla since 2004, so will just go back to that. Sad... I was so liking the bluetooth too.Update: my 13 year old son suggested I take out the battery and put it back in and that did the trick. I'm glad you commented so i can change my rating! Thanks! My name should be clueless technically mom of 2 :)

My husband wanted a flipphone with a good weight and good features.  The contact list display is better than his last phone and has a good choice of ringtones.  It also has the updated charger connection, which fits many other electronic devices.

just wanted a prepaid cell phone, no contracts, no bells and whistles just a phone to make calls and recieve calls this is it. dont think i will have this for long probably when my minutes expire will give this to someone in the family,also the the back cover didnt stay on maybe it was for a different phone because the grooves didnt fit and click together just fell off, so i had to use tape to hold it on.well for over 20 bucks not a bad phone

This is a good basic flip phone ordered for an elderly parent.  To be used for voice only and only in emergency.  One touch dialing and vmail setup were easy.  Big numbers on key pad, good clarity on screen, REALLY excellent voice quality, easy navigation through the menu system.  FYI, the carrier where I am is AT&T.;  Add FYI:  you can find your carrier via web utilities by entering your zip.  Downside:  1)  ringer is a little low, even on the highest setting and 2) manual that comes with the phone is poor, however you can find one online via LG's website.Easy activation and minutes activation through TracFone website.Arrived 1 day ahead of schedule, on the air in less than 1/2 hour from opening the package.Painless process.

This is a nice phone that takes pictures and all.  We like it and its price was good.  Thank you!

i got this for my hubby for christmas. he need one. n he loves it. it had every thing he need on it. ty

I bought his phone before reading any reviews, and did not purchase this from Amazon. However, I am having the same issue with the battery cover not fitting. I haven't even activated the phone and am already frustrated. Not sure what I'm going to do yet, but again, not satisfied, and wish I had read reviews first as I usually do.***EDIT***I just raised this to two stars because it is FINALLY working now, and will in the end, save me money. However, the activation process did not work correctly for me the first time. I transferred my previous cell phone number to my new phone, and received an email giving me the directions. I followed those to a T, and received a voice prompt saying my phone had been "programed," (not "activated.") The last step is to make a phone call, but my phone was saying NOT ACTIVATED, so I was unable to finish the activation process on my own! I called Tracfone, and will say that their customer service was decent (besides the fact that the lady had a thick accent and was slightly difficult to understand.) I had to enter 3 sets of long codes into my phone, and it is FINALLY working now!As for the back of the phone, I had to tape it for the time being, but will be making a phone call to have them send me the correct one. Although, for a $15 phone, I obviously did not purchase it for looks.

Nice phone, large screen.  Meets my needs nicely. Back is difficult to assemble. Instructions need to be more explicit.  Have used it now for 6 weeks and am quite pleased.

I considered the LG product cause I have a LG Trac Phone . Its similar to this model. Everything is good about it except I couldnt keep the back cover on it. I super glued it as I messed with it for a half hour to try and keep the cover on the phone.

Very happy with my LG 235C phone.  It has no problems I have service everywhere!!!!!!!!!!!!!Better than the last phone.  Easy to use and program.Love it in my car.  The Bluetooth is so clear.I would highly recommend this phone.

I spent a long time on the landline with Tracfone, entering code after code before the phone would even register. A day later they finally got it to work. Despite that it seems to be a useful little phone.

The ring and vibrate option  did not work. The volume is not loud enough in the ring only  mode etc.

good basic flip phone that won't dial 911 by accident when in your pocket.battery lasts a while, takes a beating.

Just what I needed. Getting to the age that I need the bigger numbers. Received the order on time and was just what I wanted.

I purchased two one for me and one for my wife.  We spend very little time on telephones.  These phones are replacing our land line and the cell we use for travel.  Should save between $20 and $30 per month on telephone cost.  Had no problems with activating the phones but I read the instructions before trying.

I don't talk on the phone much, so this is perfect for me.  Gets great coverage all over the Northeast, as far as I can tell.  Simple phone for a simple person.  :-)  Very easy to buy more minutes also.

It is not for you if you text a lot due to the keyboard not being a QWETRY type or you want to impress your friend with the latest gadget. But if you want to make a phone call it works fine. Because of the clam shell design you won't have to worry about accidentally making a call and having 911 get upset with you. The buttons are large and the phone is easy to use and uses Verizon lines which get the best connection in my area.

works fine. I can see everything on the small screen, can punch buttons. will go for a smartphone next time though. pictures with camera okay.

A great product for a reasonable price.  It fulfills my basic needs for mobile communication for a very acceptable annual fee.

I downgraded from a smart phone and was apprehensive that a simple flip phone would not meet my expectations for a way to get and make phone calls, get online and receive texts.  I am impressed with this phone - it meets and exceeds my expectations and needs.  It is a good size, keeps acharge for a long time, has great features such as ringtones, address book and speed dial.  Trac phone service appears to be very good - I usually have 2-3 bars in the rural areas and 5 bars close in towns.  My smart phone (Verizon) never gave me recption that good.Good buy - you should not be disappointed.

The phone is really nice. Its nothing spectacular. The only issue I have with it is you cannot see who is texting you before you accept the text message or not. All it says is "1 new message." After you click view, then it displays the name and number. Hopefully I don't get too many spam texts.

For the price, the phone does what I need it to do -- make occasional calls.  It has a jack for a headset and the menus are understandable.  The sound quality is fine.  Text messages are out of the question with the keyboard style.  If you send lots of text then you'll want something else.  The camera is a joke.  I checked to make sure there still wasn't protective plastic over the lens but couldn't find any.  Maybe there's something wrong with my phone's camera but the images are laughable.  They look like thumbnail images that have been over enlarged.  Too bad as I wouldn't mind using the camera now and then.

I previously had an LG 420G Tracfone, which was too small for my hand, and had an ambiguous shape -- difficult to tell by feel which way is up. The LG is slightly larger, has a more distinct top and bottom, a larger, brighter screen, better battery life, and a better menuing system. There is also a dedicated camera shutter button on the left side.My only minor complaint is that if one chooses the monthly calendar display for the home screen, the calendar obscures airtime information; on the 420G, the calendar is smaller and higher on the screen, leaving room for airtime information.

I have two phones...both from Tracphone.  I love both phones AND the Tracphone plans!I have a phone called The Big Easy and this one called LG  235C.  They both work great and have most of the bells and whistles that the waaay more costly phones with ALL the bells and whistles have.  I think I paid about $29 each for them.  And I bought a bunch of minutes 5 months ago and both phones doubled the minutes without any input from me.  Imagine the Gall of those inanimate objects to do something like that.  It's almost scary!  :)

I bought this phone by mistake thinking I had put it into wish list.  I got really lucky.  Its operation and reception is much better than the more expensive phone I already owned so I transferred my time and minutes to the LG.  So far I am really pleased as I just need a basic phone and use it only for traveling.  Hope it has long term reliability as it is perfect for now.

Phone operates just fine, reception and voice quality is good. Features are as advertised; easy to program and set up. Only negative -- Plastic clamshell covering battery compartment is very difficult to snap into place.

Greetings, I purchased this as a replacement phone for my husband.  The camera works great and is very easy to use. thanks, A.S.

This is a great phone for people who just want a basic mobile phone. I purchased the phone with double minutes for life. I use the phone's blue tooth feature in my car and it is very convenient. I also occasionally use the Browser function, and you can Bookmark URL's for faster surfing. The phone has the usual most-used phone features, Contacts, Voice Mail, speed dial, Calendar, Alarm Clock, Voice Command, and a camera (I do not use the camera).My first phone lasted about six months, then the screen died - turned mostly white and was unreadable. Tracfone was contacted on the hard-to-find 800 number (888-251-8164) and agreed to immediately replace the phone under a one-year warranty. The replacement phone arrived in 5 days with a postage paid return envelope for the nonworking phone. The procedure for transferring my telephone number, unused minutes and my expiration date took about two hours over the 800 number. It also had to be done in two sessions. The steps necessary cannot be done at the Tracfone web site. They must be done by a customer service representative over the phone.The replacement phone is working perfectly. When  phone is replaced you must manually reload your Contact list, and reestablish any blue-tooth connection. I hope the replacement phone will last longer than six months.I have been a Tracfone customer for several years. You can't beat the price - $20 for the phone, about $8 a month for the service including 800 minutes (double minutes for life), plus unused minutes carry over to the next year. If you are not addicted to using your phone every minute of the day, this phone is a bargain.

The back cover for this LG235C came packed with a UN150 cover. LG says that is wrong and the reason the cover will not snap on. Looks similar.We have asked for a replacement from Amazon, BUT a number of the reviews tells us that the wrong back is a common problem with this phone. Obviously, if the replacement comes with the same back, it too will be useless.

I had tried a couple different phones for my husband when his old stand-by died, but none worked, until I discovered this phone on Amazon. It has a wide, strong hinge, easy-to-read numbers and screen, and the single digit speed-dial is terrific for a man with large fingers. I liked it so much that I ordered one for myself! And the best part is that it is a Verizon phone, which is about all that works in our rural area. Thanks, Amazon!

Best Tracfone I have ever had,no dropped calls, excellent clarity.Have had this for two months now and it is flawless.

I wanted a Verizon based cell phone based on their wide based coverage.  I was a Verizon customer in the past and didn't have any issues.  All that was being sold at WalMart and the other local stores were AT&T; phones - phones with a &#34;G&#34; model number.  Even the Tracfone website only provide me with &#34;G&#34; model cell phones, so I was forced to by online.This is a great little Tracfone with Double Minutes.  Bluetooth was an easy setup.For the amount of time that I use a cell phone this is all that I require -- plus I'm saving a lot of money over my old Verizon plan.

The display is of a nice size, and I really like the volume of thespeaker.  I don't hear real well, but, even with a lot of background  noise the volume is more than adequate.

The phone works and it has quite a few minutes, the battery life is not good, dead in 2-3 days

needed cell phone for a special trip..don't like cell phones, this is first I have owned...It works for what I needed it for...Now has sat unused for 2 months..

The phone certainly meets my needs and wishes. The screen is big enough, and maneuverability through setup and use is easy. I do recommend this phone. I do use it for some texting, but not much. I would recommend the manual be a little more detailed.

GOT FOR MY HUSBAND WHO IS NOT VERY TEC SAVY. THE REALLY LIKES THE SIMPLICITY OF THE MENU FEATURE, THE FLIP OPEN, AND THE QUALITY OF CALLS.

This is the second Tracfone I've purchased for my mother, who incidentally is 82 years young. The Motorola I bought her in 2006 finally just played out. After shopping around, the LG 235C seemed to be the best choice for her. It's a very friendly phone for seniors who want an inexpensive and simple to use non-smartphone. It's easy to navigate the menus; the buttons are relatively large, and it's a lot less expensive than a Samsung Jitterbug. (GreatCall plans are more expensive, too; almost twice the basic annual cost and 25% fewer minutes.) For pay-as-you-go service, with double minutes for life, a hardware cost of $19.99, and better than average area coverage, you just can't do much better than Tracfone.One or two people wrote that Tracfone's customer service was bad. I used them a few years ago, and I don't remember it being any more difficult than Bank of America or AT&T;'s customer service. All of them can be frustrating at times. However, when I activated this phone, it was a simple matter of going to Tracfone's website and following the prompts.One other thing, after you have "Activated" the phone, set it aside for an hour or so. It takes Tracfone's system about that long to complete the activation process.

We're full-time RV'ers and primarily use iPhones on AT&T;'s and T-Mobile's networks.  However, sometimes we find ourselves in remote areas where Verizon is the only cellular coverage and we can't risk being without a phone in case of an emergency (medical, mechanical breakdown, etc.) so we bought this phone and a refill with one year of service to fill that gap.Even though I couldn't survive without my iPhone, I really like the simplicity and quality of the LG 235C, along with Tracfone's service and pricing.  It's an incredible value!

We purchased a CDMA Tracfone (LG 235C) from Amazon because we could not get Tracfone to sell this one to us directly.  They would only sell us a GSM phone.  We had checked with local folks that their CDMA service in our area was actually superior to the GSM service with which we were not satisfied on our old phone.  We had to call Tracfone to have it activated and enter a string of codes to get our remaining service and minutes transferred to the new phone.  In the end it all worked and the service is better, the signal is stronger, the battery lasts longer and we are quite happy.Delivery from Amazon was prompt and &#34;too the door&#34; in spite of Tracfone.

Bought this for Mom, ended up using it myself. Just now she decided she'll use it now that I've got a new one. This is a good phone.

I bought this phone in November and was happy with the phone until this week, (3rd week in Feb), The battery was lasting close to a week before needing recharging, now it needs to be charged every day.I only use this phone on a limited basis and was hoping to get at least a years use out of it before needing to replace.Defiantly do not reccomend.UpdateAfter a note to Amazon asking what I could do to get a replacment battey I was directed to contact LG. Since this is a Tracfone LG directed me to Tracphone, after 20 minutes of phone calls I finally have a new battey being shipped to me free of charge from Tracphone.

I buy the $20.00 cards which give me 120 minutes (double minutes when I bought the phones) and 90 days of service. For $80.00 a year i have reliable cell service with no extra charges. We spend about 5 months in the US every year, so these are good for us. We don't constantly hold these in our hands like some people, but they are a good reliable phone when we use them. I wish they were available in Canada.

My wife lost her phone and since she uses it only for emergencies this fits her needs just great. If you want a simple phone you can't beat the tracfone ptoducts.

Phone is a nice size yet compact enough to not be bulky.  I have found that covers for the LG Envoy work perfectly.  I gave this phone 5 stars because of the features it has and the great clarity when making and receiving calls.  I didn't want to base the review on miniscule things that really don't matter.  I will mention; however, that the pictures of the phone appear to me that it is a matte finish, which I would have loved.  It is not....it is shiny, just so you know.  There are some very nice and inexpensive covers that can be purchased from several companies that will take care of that little detail.  Also, the LG phone I had before had wallpaper that had a little animation with it (nope...not a screen saver).  This phone does not have that, nor am I sure it is capable of that feature.  I'm also disappointed with the ringtones and the alert tones that come with it, and it seems to me that downloaded ringtones are never loud enough.  Anyway, performance-wise and based on the screen size, I have no problems with this phone.  Nice, plain, functional....exactly what a phone should be.

I've had a cell phone since the bag phone days, and this is by far the best one for me.  I've had every type out there even a smart phone but I love my flip phone best.  Could be because I'm 76, but this one works best for me.

I bought this phone because of the amazingly low price and the speaker feature, it's great but the speaker and the ringtones could be a little bit louder, the Motorola flip top I had was a better quality, if I hadn't lost that phone I wouldn't have bought this one.

This is extremely frustrating - the back/battery cover will not snap on nor stay on.  I refuse to have to tape it on (like another reviewer said they had to do...)in order for me to use this phone. Amazon, PLEASE ADVISE!!!!

I like the size of the buttons on the phone because I am able to see them better.  I have not bee able to keep the back on the phone.  I have a new phone with tape on it to keep the back on it.

The phone works as described. It has reasonable reception, easy to hear and use. I would recommend this phone to anyone wanting a tracfone.

I would have rated it excellent but I travel a lot and found I have little or no signal in many locations in central Florida.  Other than that, I love it.

Purchased as basic contact cell - didn't want contract and didn't want data plan.  This phone arrived quickly and set-up/activation was easy (used the 1-800#) and found it to be VERY responsive.  Used to activate and to add minutes.  For first time users of this product, package comes with a charger and a booklet of promo codes for adding bonuses to the double minutes plan.  Once you have activated your phone (which comes with 10 airtime minutes) you can order additional minutes on the phone itself.  It was easy to set up my contact list and activate voicemail.  The number pad is viewer and finger friendly.  Not crazy about the default ring tone (only one option) but it works and you can reportedly add new ones of your own if you want to bother.  Not a texter phone as there is no qwerty, just number pad but if you are proficient, number keys are friendly to text typing.  Sound is excellent.  Basic set up guide but it gets you going (up in 5-6 minutes)  Feels sturdy (have owned LG flip phone for years and this has the same good hinge).  Per other reviews back is a bit touchy but patience and a gentle touch will get you there - no need for tape.  - Took tips from another reviewer to get back on and they worked:  (1) hook in the tabs at the top of the closed phone, gently push the cover towards the bottom without breaking the tabs off (2)clip in the bottom tabs (3)Carefully SLIDE the cover towards the bottom of the phone, and it will stay in place.  You'll know when it is in right because it won't stick out over the top and will stay in place.  A little effort...but for the price???

Just purchased the LG235c Tracfone and am being told I don't have access to the web browser and can't send pictures as well.  Is this a Tracfone issue or the local carrier (US Cellular) problem?  I purchased the phone from Tracfone after checking which phones are available for my specific area and am very disappointed I can't seem to access these two features.  Any advice from anyone on which (Tracfone or US Cellular) I should be expecting this service from?

I picked up this phone because I heard good things about them.As long as the isn't defective there isn't a problem. The major problem is service.I get my phone, it works, however, there' isn't a phone number attached to it and it's not in the menu.I called Tracfone and asked them what it is and they are not allowed tell me.So, they will send out a new phone. I asked for an overnight delievery. They wouldn't do it. I had to wait six days before it showed up. I activated it and all was fine until I had to send my first text.  Guess what? The phone has a message saying I don't have a balance for texting.  I have 20mins left on my phone.I call them again. Between waiting and talking to a person who made me enter code after code that didn't work I was at the hour mark.  Finally, she told me I will have to get a new phone again.  Now, this is where it gets fun. I've been talking for an hour and the phone I was using (a seperate one) was about to go dead. I told the person what was happening and she did nothing to hurry and finally my phone went dead and I lost the call.  I done for the day and decided to call back the next.The following day, I called and told them how I we got disconnected. This person wanted trouble shoot the problem with me again. I asked, if she had the records from yesterday so we wouldn't have to go through an hour's worth of trouble shooting. No dice. At this point I lied and told her my phone wouldn't turn on which elminated trouble shooting.  Once again, I will get another phone from them.Received it, and I've spent the better part of a day trying to activate it. This required 6 phone calls (call backs) twice I had to hang up. It doesn't help that their call center doesn't have people who can enunciate properly.My advice run away from this company their service is a nightmare.

I am not good with technology but with this little toy i have so much fun. Every day i try a new feature and i am so amazed what i find.GREAT PHONE AND GREAT PRICE!THANKS

I purchased this phone yesterday at my local Wal-Mart for $20.00. A co-worker of mine has one of this same model, and I felt compelled to get one as an upgrade from a Tracfone I purchased two years ago. So far, the phone has done very well, performance wise. I had read reviews that this phone (LG 235C) looks almost like the 231C, which came out a couple of years ago, but this 235C phone is a little bit larger in size than the 231C counterpart. The camera takes sharper pictures on this phone, whereas the 231C took pictures that were pixelated. The ringtones on this phone are very much the same as on the 231C and 220C models, but there are several others added on to the 235C. There is a ringtone that sounds exactly like that of a corded landline phone, and several new sounds. The Internet access is great, and has games you can play. The main screen on the inside is slightly larger than that of the 220C and 231C models. External screen is just a black background with white information on it when in standby mode (whatever wallpaper image you have will only be on the inside screen). The charging port is on the lower left side, whereas the 220C and 231C phones had it on the bottom of the flip. Anyway, this is a great phone, and does quite well. It makes and receives calls and sends and receives texts the way it should. Call quality is excellent, and the the volume is very much excellent at level 5 (the highest). Highly recommended? Yes. For roughly $20.00, this is one of the best phones out there.

We don't get very good service nor do we use a phone much so this one really fit the bill.

This is for my son who has a tendency to lose his phones! Great price & very dependable phone. And it came in a very timely manner.

This is the second prepaid phone we have purchased. The first was a touch screen model and it is okay but we actually like this one best because it is easy to use and has gotten better reception than our more expensive one. It is a basic phone for getting calls and sending text messages and that is all we need.

bought this phone as not satisfied with L G 800 G because it kept locking up, a deficiency recognized by tracfone. Went through the process of transferring minutes and phone number to new phone using internet. Failed to transfer.Called tracFone and finally got a tech rep who spoke very poor English.  Had me enter 7 different 7-10 number codes after which phone still didn't work.  Gave me a case number and told me to call next day. Called next day gave case number and was transferred to different dept. at which time i was disconnected..called back asked for a supervisor whose english just as bad.  After checking number of bars had me enter two more codes and phone finally worked.If you look at all the reviews it's trac phone service, not the phone

Really like this phone.  It does everything I want it to do.  I can make calls from my home, which I was not able to do with other phones.  I would strongly recommend it to others.

Best way to control your spending.  I only need mine for emergencies and this is ideal.  Don't have to charge the battery every day, holds charge for a long time.  And I buy my minutes thru Amazon so I look for the best deal, double or triple my minutes.

Works for Me.This is a good basic phone that gets very good reception in our area. It has enough features but not too many to make it hard to use. I would recommend this phone to people who are looking for a good basic phone.

I received the phone in record time.Works great, just as advertised.Have added minutes, no problem.Thanks,Carroll (Buck) Rodgers

I wanted a simple flip phone with camera for Tracfone on Verizon's network.  Tracfone doesn't sell Verizon network phones in my area, because we also have a strong AT&T network.  However, when I travel, Verizon has better coverage in some areas.  Note that AT&T phones have a G (GSM) at the end of their model number, while Verizon phones have a C (CDMA).

A very nice compact, basic phone with more features than we need for the low volume calling that we do.

I love the large numbers on this phone.  I do not need all the bells and whistles that come one some of the other phones, but this phone has everything I need. The battery lasts a good while.The only drawback is the quality of photos.  I have not been able to have much success in that area.

Like the ease and use of the phone; like the double minutes.  But ... do not like the fact that Tracfone gave me someone else's phone number and I keep getting incoming that doesn't belong to me.  Learning from the callers that the person they're trying to reach &#34;probably changed numbers&#34; and the calls are slowing down but the big problem is with Tracfone.  First they lost my original number and &#34;couldn't get it back&#34;; then they assigned a &#34;new&#34; number not in use.  HA!  That's what they say.  As for this particular phone itself: clamshell design protects from accidental dialing; majority of connections are very clear; small and easy to carry.

For the price you can not beat it. I live on the outer edge of sell service, a lot of friends with expensive phones can not get a signal here but this phone works good. It is a very good working basic phone with good features.

I bought it because it rings loud I am not sure I am getting double minutes Because  I am out most of the t\ime.It rings loud.

After reading all the reviews I was not sure this phone would work. It works fantastic. I get reception even in tunnels. The only problem is you will probably have to go through trakfones technical assistance. If you can get past that, this phone is worth every penny. My wife also has one and she also loves it. I have had trakfones for about 10 years and this is by far the best.

Pros: I got this phone for my mom for Christmas.  It's her first cell phone and as she's getting older she is traveling more.  The buttons are large enough for people with RA can operate it with ease.  Putting it on speaker phone as well as voice command is just a button push away.  You can access internet with it as well as bluetooth, but i don't think she'll ever use those options. FYI, it also works with hearing aids.  I highly recommend it to all the older generation that just need a cell phone in case of emergencies.Cons:  Because the volume button is on the left side of the phone,  my mom has a tendency of hitting that every time she opens the phone.  I'm sure with more use she'll get used to opening it without hitting that button.
