
My old phone's camera stopped working and the battery needed to be replaced, so I decided to just upgrade. I'm very happy with this phone overall!

This is a good beginner smart phone. I ended up getting these for my entire family.Pros:Android OS is great.Call quality is good.Internet speed is good.Camera quality is fair.It's a Samsung (total fanboy).Cons:2 GB is not enough memory. The bloatware alone eats up most of that.Voicemail widget is just awful. Expect to receive any messages two to three days late.The phone has some &#34;quirks.&#34; Two out of four of our phones sometimes arbitrarily reduce the volume to nothing. Turning the volume up does nothing to fix it. Ironically, cranking the volume down and THEN cranking the volume back up fixes the issue (really weird).Believe it or not, despite the length of my cons section, I truly do feel that this is a good phone.

Although I have yet to go through the whole manual the features on the phone make it easy to navigate even though i'm not that tech savvy.

really like this phone, holds charge for most of the day before recharging. screen is large enough to use without my glasses. im not a phone person where im always texting but with phone i find myself doing so. I try to buy my girl friend the same phone but you were all sold out.

This phone has many positives, and equally as many negatives.I am a former Samsung Galaxy III user, and the Rush has a very similar interface to the Galaxy III.  In fact, the Rush is like a mini Galaxy III (without 4G).  The Rush has a clear, vibrant screen with good resolution, smooth and fluid scrolling, and no lag.  It's speed is good, and the screen is responsive.  Coming from a Galaxy III, I do not notice any deficiency due to lack of 4G.Now, onto the negatives.  The BATTERY LIFE is abysmal.  You will need to employ the power saver function, in addition to installing a battery saver app from Google Play.  Even then, the phone does not hold a charge well.  I am a light to moderate phone user, and I find that I sometimes need to recharge my phone mid-day, even after charging it all night.  There are many reviews across the web that are consistent with this issue...seems to be a widespread problem with this phone.I got it on a good sale, so I'm going to live with it for awhile, and then eventually upgrade to a phone with better battery life.  Do I miss my Galaxy III?  Yes, a little.  But I don't miss being tied to a contract.Also, as with any Boost Mobile phone, be prepared to deal with lots of bloatware, marketing ad pop-ups, and Boost notifications on the phone.  As you work your way around, you will eventually find ways to disable many of these notifications hidden in the respective settings menus.Another peeve I have is the stock keyboard.  It's too small and cramped for accurate input or texting.  I have looked into other keyboard apps in Google Play, but haven't found one to my liking yet.If you decide to purchase this phone, make sure you get a phone case that provides a little bulk and grip.  There are not many good cases available for it.  You can find the best variety on Amazon.  But because it's not a &#34;premium&#34; phone, there are no premium cases on the market.If Samsung could resolve the battery issue, this phone would have a lot of potential as a budget Galaxy phone.  If you are prepared to deal with it's deficiences, then I can recommend it if you are able to get it on a good sale or promotion.  However, I cannot recommend the phone at full retail price.

If the Boost Mobile service appeals to you, and if you're looking for a lower-cost 'starter' Android phone, then you might want to look closely at this one. Activated easily and worked fine straight from the box. 2GB of built-in memory. Takes 32GB add-on SD Card (MicroSDHC, not included). Runs Android 4.0.x (Ice Cream Sandwich). Apparently (needs confirming?), Android 4.x does not allow moving of apps to secondary SD card (bummer) and some PC-based sync-ing apps cannot see 32GB add-on SD card but the phone (and Android 4.x) can see the card and it's easy enough to store music and pics and videos on there once you get the hang of it. I have backlight on high, etc., and that drains the battery a bit faster than it would for some folks. It took all the Google Play Store Android apps I threw at it (Microsoft Office -compatible app, Amazon, Wal-Mart, Netflix, HBO-Go, Xfinity-TV, sync-to-Outlook contacts/calendar, etc.) - about 2 dozen total - and still have 1.5GB of 2.0GB main memory still remaining. I'm an older guy just graduating to Android from an old 1G/2G flip-phone and I spent 2.5 days customizing and getting really, really familiar with it all, but the effort was worth it. A few minor warts here-and-there but all-in-all a solid 'starter' Droid phone for the money. Mebbe I'll graduate to something higher-end in a year or two, but this gets me started. :-)

Great phone for someone who is looking for basic funtions and usage. I had it for a year and half and did not mayor problems. I have upgraded to new phone bacause I was tired.

I abused my phone and it held up very well. The only issue that I had with it was it reset if I used it for a long time or had too many apps running. I am a fan of having a small phone and this one is small. With these phones they are a very low price so you can not compare them to the iphone or the top line samsung phones. For the cost you get a phone that does everything the fancy phones do it just may be a little slower though. My wife payed twice as much for her phone and it lasted for 4 months while mine lasted for well over a year.

I am a boost mobile customer and i was in need of a new phone . I look up. Boost. Phones here on amazon and choose this one because it was less expensive than the other gallaxy phones and the reviews werent bad. I was in love with the phone until a month later i realized this phone dosent save anyrhing to your sd card. I have to manually move all my downloads to the sd card and its not fair. I also installed the move app to sd card application and you cant.  Postives is its loud. Battery life is ok. The id pack is cool.  Other than that dont rush to get this phone

This phone shuts off in the middle of a conversation. Or even when it's just sitting there. The calls are not dropped calls out of range, the phone shuts off completely, all power is lost.  I do not recommend this product unless you purchase it from somewhere you can return it.

I have had this phone for six months, and it started out just fine.  I was reasonably happy at first....  Not great reception at my house, but that would not be an issue with the phone, just the service.  Now the phone has lived with me for 6 months it has a mind of it's own. Random applications will start up, like angry birds for no reason, no one has touched it. It shuts off again, randomly.  The list of random start ups: calls a random contact, shuts down, ends calls, starts games, opens the weather app... I could go on, but the phone thinks it knows when I want to do things, but really it doesn't. It really is taking the smart phone title a little to far.  The map function has started parroting itself.  A lot of crazy things have been happening with this phone... Oh also the phone stores all apps on the phone's tiny memory, so if you add 5 good luck.  I am not a crazy app adding lady, I think I have added ten, and the phone keeps telling me it's low on memory.... I am so over the Galaxy CRAZY rush.... If you are reading this thinking it can't be that bad, um it is!!! RUN away save yourselves!!!

FANTSTIC DEAL FOR A FANTASTIC PRICE WHAT A GREAT DEAL. PRODUCT IS GREAT ESPECALLY FOR THE LOW PRICE ID BUY ANOTHER

Phone works prefect ..it was a brand new phone havent had any problems..wasnt refurbished didnt take long to get to me

For the $$$$  it was a great buy.  Camera is great, works EVERYWHERE....  Basicly I love this phone. It is the prefect size too.

Meet all my expectations, value for the money. I dedefinitively like Samsung' products. I will recommend it. It is an excellent phone.

I had a Samsung Prevail and while it was an okay phone, it had a lot of annoying quirks. The touch screen was not consistently responsive, particularly the phone keypad (the "End" and "Speakerphone" buttons) which is downright unacceptable. There were also a lot of other annoying little things I wasn't crazy about, but there are too many to mention. Last week I dropped it and the screen went black, so I bought the "Rush" as a replacement.WHAT A MAJOR IMPROVEMENT! I wasn't particularly excited about purchasing this phone in the first place because I really wanted the "Venice" which is about $80 more expensive. However, since it was an unexpected expense, I opted for this phone because of the price and decent reviews. I expected this to be like the Prevail, only newer and shinier, but it's not even in the same species as that thing! It seems that Samsung took notice of what was lacking with the Prevail and made changes accordingly. All the things that I hated about the other phone have been remedied here and I am so happy about it. It is such a responsive, intuitive little thing and I couldn't have been more surprised. It is so much more sophisticated and user-friendly than what I have been used to. Other than a bigger screen, I can't imagine how much better the "Venice" could have been. I'm sure it's also an amazing phone, but for the price this one is just great.

it was the best purchase i have made absolutly love have had no promblems at all i would highly recommend it

Fast delivery, easy on-line activation services, I am very satisfied with my purchase this phone is very convenient and it serves all the purposes just what I need it for.

It is a very nice phone!it has a lot of features.It messed up a few times on me though.Eventually I will be getting the next best Samsung.:)

I've had a couple boost mobile phones and none were very good.  The two rush's I had would get very hot when talking on them and had really bad battery life.  Boost customer service was the worst and very unhelpful.  This is a case of you get what you pay for.  Spend more elsewhere and get more.

I've had this phone about a month now and I would not change a thing.  Thanks for a pleasant transaction.

This phone do not have a place to insert a sim card and I would like to return it for a refund.

The Good- Okay I received it within a few days!! for this price this phone is AWESOME!!  It has so many features and some free apps that are pretty cool. I have the Magic Jack for my house phone. So I downloaded the magic Jack app and now when I run out of minutes I can still make calls on the Magic Jack app. If you connect it to a Wifi you still can use all your apps without any minutes.  This phone is better than what I expected. You just have to have the phone in your hand to see what Im talking about. Its kinda heavy ( which is what I wanted ) not light at all. Its not huge but its decent size. When I watch movies on my Netflix they come in so clear! The volume is loud. when you play music its louder than what you expected. Its a really nice phone! I totally recommend it!!The Bad-  I got a bad phone! My phone does not charge correctly. I have to play with it to get it to charge. The screen freezes up on me from time to time ( which drives me crazy!!)The battery life is okay. I mean I go on my phone alot so it runs quick. My sister has the same phone for a couple of months before me and she has had NO problems at all.Amazon said I could send it back and get a new one but I dont have a printer to print out the postage label to send it back. I spent alot of money on the phone covers here on Amazon. I recommend you get the 3 in One Armor Case w/ Stand.Makes the phone look different and the cover is hard. But it has a strong stand.  But I still love this phone!

Does more than I would ever need it to.  Lots of features that work great for me and lots that are more than I would use.  Happy with it.

I love my new phone!  Works great. Would recommend this phone for someone looking for a not so expensive smartphone

My phone stated glitching up on me so I needed a phone that would not cost too much. The phone ran about $130 and I got it for less then half. No issues at all and now with my update I have Jelly Bean. Keep up the great work. Thank you.

I don't like the phone and the instructions booklet is not very explanatory. I have  a problem witn the voice mail and it's hard to know who called or missed calls. I bought a phone for $30.00 to do and receive my calls.Thanks for Asking

Typical Android OS, plenty of customization options, very responsive, fast, and easy to use. Bought this for my mom who wanted a smartphone with a reasonable monthly plan and she loves it. Great entry level smartphone.

I don't get really good reception I think I am going to try the Htc Evo or Samsung galaxy s3 I have people who have them and say good things about them

This phone can not hold a call for more than 10 minutes, sometimes drops calls after a few seconds. Trying to reconnect is ridiculous. Keeps going to voicemail...yet does not alert that there is a voicemail waiting. Takes an average of 5 tries to reconnect. Will not receive photos sent from other phones ever. Text messages take a minimum of 12 hours to arrive, if they arrive at all. Will not receive codes to activate phone number from sources such as Paypal or Ebay. Impossible to carry on a conversation with this phone. Had far better reception with $14.00 &#34;non-smart&#34; phone. Do not buy this. Is garbage. (experienced phone user, also own iPhone 4, iPhone 5 and have had cellular phones consistently since 1993)

Bought this phone for my husband. The quality and sound is great and this phone has a lot of nice features. Didn't expect all this for only $50/mo through Boost Mobile. I have a contract with another carrier and i'm paying more than double. I may need to rethink my phone plan.

Definitely not a top of the line phone. I was a bit disappointed. My first cell phone was a Samsung and I loved it - monochrome screen and all. It kicked butt over some of the &#34;new&#34; color screen phones that were coming out at that time. This one, however is behind the times. Overall a mediocre phone. It will do in a pinch, but I miss my HTC evo and hope to get another once my financial situation gets a bit better. The screen lags from commands, it gets hot from the back way too easy. I will say it does hold up to falls pretty well. Like I say, it will do in a pinch.

I purchased this phone for my nephew. However, when we attempted to activate it, it stated the imei is already in use and now Amazon tells me that it's outside the return policy guidelines. What a waste of money. I'm furious because no phone and basically money went for naught.

Like another user stated,I'm the type that does not need all the bells and whistles but would like to upgrade to something slightly better. This phone is it,better internal memory and speed..better camera and everything about it is a step up. Get it now,best for 74.99.

I love this phone! As a matter of fact im typing on it. This phone works on wifi out of the box, no activation needed. I have had this phone for three days, and it has been amazing. Ive played angry birds, temple run and other games without a problem. I did run into a problem with snapchat though. 70% of the time when I tap on the app, a message comes up saying that snapchat can* t open the camera. It doesnt happen when im replying to someone though. Anyway this is an amazing phone. I looked under the refurbished section on amazon and found a * new* phone for $35. No one evef told me you could get a good smartphone for $35. The front anf back facing cameras take decent pictures if you have good lighting. I highly recommend this phone.

Got this for my grandson and he loves it. No problems . Fast connection too. Would recommend highly. Very reliable and affordable.

I bought this phone at a reduced Christmas rate.  I was switching from one of the major contract cell phone carriers to a monthly plan, I did not want to spend hundreds on a phone and then find I was unhappy with the service. It has been a win win situation  and love the phone features and camera very  easy to use and battery life great. Great value for the price recommend highly.

I just purchased the Samsung Galaxy Rush for my daughter. I must say this phone is hands down far better than the ZTE which she didn't like. ******FYI: just a tip if anyone ever has problems w/their smartphones as many do. Performing periodic PRL updates should help clear any issues.

Just got the phone today and it's been hours just setting up accounts so I can download just 3 apps and they are still downloading.  I think I'll like it once it's got some basics but getting it going is a pain in the butt if it's your first smart phone.  I give it 4 stars for benefit of the doubt.  It is real touchy though, easy to get things moved around and just a slight touch will remove you from what you're working on.  And I thought texting was a pain with a flip phone with solid keys.  These are so tiny, it's easy to hit the wrong letters over and over.  If it came with a mouse, keyboard and modem, I'd be done with this.  lol  I'm just old school I guess.

it a pretty good phone. it gets the jobs done but sometimes the processor is a little slow so it might stutter from time to time. also sometimes when i tap on something i have to tap it twice or three times, also could be because of the processor. other than that like i said it gets the job done, its a great intro phone to learn how android OS's work and a good entry level smart phone. if you can spare the money look for something with a slight bit faster processor.

I turned this phone on, and added it to my boost account...... the phone works well and even works with my chromecast..  i recomend this product

Meets and exceeds all my expectations. Great sound, great apps and love the look. Can quickly access the internet and social media.

Great phone easy to use screen is easy to see and I like the option of voice dialing when needed

With no fault of the phone itself the boost mobile service was a problem one after the other. I cannot make a decent judgment about the phone. I do believe in Samsung Products.Faride Helms

Awesome little smartphone

I think somethings wrong with this phone it slow and freezes this  phone sucks  I will never buy another phone like this again

I can't hear on this phone. The volume on this phone is very low, even on speaker. The phone moves slow and it glitches alot.

I love my galaxy rush. I love the programs of it and the way the apps are on the screen. I love the music player. The only thing I probably get annoyed with is the keys on the screen are so small and texting can be so hard when you are in a hurry.

I'm not sure if it was a combination of boost mobile service and the phone being bad quality or just the phone but everything about this phone sucked.  It froze up alot and alot of phone calls never came through on this phone.  And alot of times I was unable to get online with it.

Don't ever get this phone. My screen doesn't work anymore, because I smashed it for being a piece of sheeit. I feel good about smashing it. Others can feel good about it too.

mean da buggah dis faka so good i wen dakine chrow em in da wata and wen still work 10 stahs.

My old phone could hardly do anything.  It didn't have enough space for mobile facebook, or even Opera Mini.  So it's exciting to have a phone that can do all the things that other people's phones do.  It is plastic and doesn't feel expensive -- well, it's not expensive, which is another big plus.  Putting a case on in makes it feel much sturdier and substantial.  I am very happy with it.Update:  I have found that putting the Boost ID on it reduces battery time significantly.

sucks sucks and sucks some more drops calls no bars never by it again oh did I say it sucks

Even though this phone is not the top of the line in the Galaxy series, I am extremely satisfied with it.  I received my phone about a week ago.  It is my first android after being with Black Berry for about 3 years.  There are tons of free apps that you can download in the android market.  I don't think I will ever be as bored with this phone as I was with the BB in terms of the apps that are available and appealing to me.I was concerned about some of the reviews I read, such as, poor call quality.  I have not found this to be a problem.  It is still too early on to know if there are any real problems with this phone but I'm really enjoying it so far.  Also, you can't beat the deal - while Amazon is charging $99.99 for the Samsung Galaxy Rush, the Boost price range is $99.99 to $129.99 - depending on their offers.

COMPRE UN SAMSUNG GALAXY ANDROID DE RUSH Y ME ENVIARON UN PRODUCTO ERRADO, ME ENVIARON  UN KYOCERA HIDRO, ESTE PRODUCTO NO LO PEDI...... ESTOY EN VENEZUELA Y ME LLEGO EL ENVIO POR BUZON . ME SALE MUY COSTOSO DEVOLVER EL PRODUCTO

I bought this phone early last year when my long-term phone plan had expired. Ever since then, I've been using this phone for everything- email, voice, text, and pictures. The best features about it are its ability to play movies, music and books from the kindle app that I had installed on it. Overall, I'm very satisfied with this phone. Would highly recommend.

The phone freezees up and it gets hot when I'm on the phone or on the interest. Very unhappy customer.

Very cheap phone and it's good as cheap phone but the problem is the phone don't have SIM card slot but I think there is SIM card hidden into the phone so that's big problem but it's good phone so I will give it 4 stars

Loved the phone but had to return it , we do not get service here for that phone . DISAPPOINTment

this is my first smart phone and it had the best reviews for the money i was willing to spend but so far i love it! battery is decent, about the same as most phones. everything works, no problems so far, i've only had it a couple mths. just keep the apps from running and be sure to keep blue tooth, wi-fi, etc off except when needed

this was a gift and she's thrilled it has a front face camera

I'll keep this relatively short. Ultimately, I would not recommend this phone or Boost mobile (I was a customer for almost three years)Pros:- This phone has a good swype keyboard (not all Samsung phone's swype the same way)- Light, slim designCons:- Boost mobile - their network is terrible, for $5-10 extra per month, I'll take a Verizon prepaid. There are data limits with Verizon, but I am mostly on WiFi anyway and don't get near my 1gb limit. Plus, Boost throttles the network so bad, it makes having unlimited data pointless.- Both my Rush phone and my wife's Rush had really poor audio, I think it was actually the Boost network. I could record my voice and play it back, and I sounded normal, but during an actual phone call, people were constantly complaining they could not hear me (even while I was practically shouting). This happened with two different Rush phones on Boost. I even sent my phone in for a warranty repair when it first happened, Boost took almost three weeks to fix my phone and guess who still had to pay for a full month of service?- Somewhat slow at times, not the network, but the phone itself, like knowing when to bring up the keyboard, or opening an app- Durability - two Rush phones died within 18 months, the one lasted just over a year.

It was wonderful. Love how this is a cheap alternative to the galaxy s2. Only one problem. My charger port stopped working after two months. My it's just me.

It is a great phone, and the best part I pay $55 a month, whereas I paid $90 with tmobile.

My 12yr. old loved this phone. It was great for her!She wanted a touch screen and this met her needs.

THE BATTERY LIFE SUCKS THIS PHONE IS A PIECE OF JUNK PHONE FREEZES I WILL NOT BUY AGAIN THEY SHOULD TAKE PHONE OFF THE MARKET PHONE DROPS CALLS

I've already got a phone so I was just looking for an inexpensive media device that I could use in the garden and while waiting in the doctors office.I got this idea from @iyaz who bought it to put on games for his kids.I thought it might also be nice to compare the GR against my iPod Touch.(iTouch) - Version 3 I think.- It comes with 1.8 gb free to add apps and movies, but I bought a 16 gb microSD card for around $11 to get more space. I put all my podcasts and videos on the card.- Although I don't want to "Activate" the phone, every once in a while it keeps trying to do this and I'd like a way to turn it off.- It  appears that I could make Emergency Calls with this device if needed.- Battery - standard micro-usb rechargeable and replaceable. Nice!- Camera - two very basic - but it does have a flash. You can switch from the front to the rear facing camera. It has a dedicated camera button on the side to quickly take pictures. See the picture below for results - it's only a 3 megapixel picture -but still ok for such an inexpensive device.- Connecting to the computer - the first time you do this, it takes a number of minutes to install the drivers. After that, it's very quick to plug it in and drag and drop files. This capability is one reason I prefer this device over the iTouch. You have to use iTunes to move files with the iTouch.- Flashlight - much brighter than the iTouch since it has the flash capability.- Keyboard - it's better than my standard Nexus 7. Has number and letters together.- Size - approximately the same screen size as my iTouch although a bit thicker.- Skype - this device does have front and rear facing cameras. I've installed Skype and will test it out.- Sound - fairly loud for its size although I'll usually be connecting this to my Jambox or ear phones.- Video - I just watched Netflix and the quality is fine.I prefer using a stylus especially since this device is a bit small.- Apps seem to install easily. I usually choose them on the computer and have them automatically downloaded to my device.Summary - WOW! I'm impressed and so far can't find anything negative to say.You could certainly activate and use this as a phone, but I use it as an inexpensive media device and I'm very happy.

This cell phone is amaaaaaaaaaaazing! When I tell you this phone provides the very same if not better features and capabilities as my son's LG Optimus L9 or my Samsung Transform Ultra. I purchased this phone because I dropped my old cell and broke the glass screen and was looking for a better but affordable cell and so far so good. I really like this phone.:)

Great phone for the price(89.00).I use it for calling,texting,checking email and for a handful of apps.Decent battery life and quick enough downloads.Does not freeze or drop calls although sprint service not the greatest. Solid entry level Android phone.

I PURCHASED THIS PHONE IN MARCH. IN MAY THE PHONE JUST STOPPED WORKING. TOUCH SCREEN WOULD NOT WORK. CALLED AMAZON THEY TOLD ME MY 30 DAYS WERE UP SO THEY COULD NOT HELP ME TO CALL SAMSUNG. CALLED SAMSUNG THEY GAVE ME A RUN AROUND. TOLD ME TO TAKE IT TO BEST BUY AND THEIR TECHS. THEY ARE TECHS ALL RIGHT. PLUGGED THE PHONE INTO A COMPUTER AND TOLD ME IT WAS OUTDATED AND THEY COULDN'T TELL ME WHAT WAS WRONG WITH IT. ASKED THEM COULD THEY FIX IT THEY TOLD ME THEY DIDN'T HONOR THE WARRANTY. HOW IS THAT AND THEY ARE A SAMSUNG DISTRIBUTOR. CALLED SAMSUNG AGAIN THEY INFORMED ME TO RESET THE PHONE BECAUSE IF I SENT IT TO THEM THEY WOULD DO THE SAME. SO I DID! WIPED IT CLEAN! STILL NOTHING HAPPENED. CALLED SAMSUNG AGAIN THEY INFORMED ME IT WOULD TAKE 14 DAYS TO REPAIR AND THAT THEY COULD NOT JUST SEND ME A PHONE BECAUSE THE WARRANTY COVERS ONLY LABOR AND REPAIR. I TOLD THEM WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BUT THIS TIME THEY WOULD HAVE THE PIECE OF CRAP THAT I HAD. SO SENT THEM THE PHONE. AFTER 11 DAYS I GOT THE PHONE BACK. THE REPAIR RECEIPT SAID THEY REPLACED 2 COMPONENTS AND THE TOUCH SCREEN. WELL THEY LIED. I TURNED ON THE PHONE AND HAD 2 HISPANIC VIDEOS ALREADY SAVED. SO WHAT THEY DID WAS TAKE MY BOARD AND REPLACED IT WITH A BOARD FROM SOMEONE WHO WAS HISPANIC. AT THIS POINT I AM COMPLETELY AGGRAVATED. I CALLED THEM AGAIN AND TOLD THEM I WANT A NEW PHONE LIKE I SENT THEM. THEY KEEP TELLING ME THAT I NEED TO TAKE THE BATTERY OUT SO THEY CAN SEE THE SERIAL NUMBER...DAH IF I DO THAT THE VIDEOS WILL DISAPPEAR..IT HAS BEEN 2 MONTHS THAT I AM GOING THROUGH THIS. I HAVE RECENTLY FILED A BBB AGAINST SAMSUNG AND AM DISAPPOINTED TO FIND OUT THAT AMAZON SENDS OUT REFURBISHED PHONES PACKAGED AS NEW. IF I WOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT I WOULD HAVE NEVER PURCHASED IT CAUSED THEY LIED ALSO. HAVE LOOKED AT WEBSITES TO SEE IF I CAN AT LEAST SELL IT, NOT! CAN'T GET A NICKEL FOR IT. DON'T THINK I WILL TAKE MY CHANCES AGAIN ON WHAT IS SUPPOSE TO BE NEW.

This phone has everything you need.  Decent camera, front face camera for chatting, large screen fast  connection.  I am beyond overjoyed.  Thank you.

I had to get a new phone for boost mobile, due to the fact that the &#34;free&#34; android phone they were giving out started over heating for no apparent reason...This phone was my replacement, and although it's a some-what cheap android phone, it's worth the price. Also the phone can be upgraded to jellybean 4.1.2 which makes the phone so much better!

Crappy phone. Total waste of cash. Drops almost all my calls (I have to precede all my conversations with &#34;incase I lose you...&#34;) and the ones it doesn't drop, I have to chase a signal.This. Phone. Sucks.

Cannot download hardly any apps before it continues to say, &#34;Low on memory&#34; andI had a 16m\g card in it. So I returned it. I am very disapointed

This is my first smart phone so i cant really compare it to other smart phones.  Keeping in mind that it's a low end inexpensive smart phone it's good.  It works well and I like the size of the phone.  The talk volume is louder than most of my prevoius phones.  It fits in my pocket well and I forget it's there.  That wouldn't be the case with a larger phone.  At times a larger screen would be nice, but then you have the downside of a big expensive phone.  When I look at it next to an iPhone 4 it's about the same size.  The battery life could be better (I think a really heavy user wouldn't make it a whole day on 1 charge) although I think this is a common complaint with smart phones.Bottom line: if I lost it tomorrow I'd buy it again.

I love this phone.  Great price with lots of features.  The apps and website are outstanding.  I love the games too.

I have had this phone for a month now, no complaints, and it came with a bonus, loaded with Android 4.1 ! It is advertised as 4.0 so the upgrade was a suprise, I have my apps and music on it and hasnt slowed one bit.

I got this phone last minute because my old one (rest it sole) was breaking... it freezes every one and awhile but thats ok ... I dropped it ion the water and it turned right back only i blow dried it to get the speakers to work again and It worked like a charm.. very loud and I love It!!! Music options are great and it's fast . Get hot spot too!

I bought this phone cause I was going threw Boost mobile and I wanted a android..The audio quit working and it says it doesn't  have an sd card in it?? I would not recommend this phone to anybody!

It was a gift for my son. It's his first phone. He loves it. You made it simple to purchase, the price was great and I love the ability to track my order. Looking forward to shopping with you again.

I ordered these as christmas gifts for me and my partner. This is our first foray into smartphones and she and I both love the phones. It makes me curious about more expensive phones, but this serves our purposes fine. The best part is that it is at a proce point that allows us to feel little stress about the phone, because if we do lose them or break it's only $80 to replace! Defintely worth the money.

Update: 22 Feb, 2014:Someone has rightfully pointed out that my review is much more about Boost Mobile, and not the phone. So, I should try to fix that.However, since I only had the phone for an hour, I don't think that any rating I would give the phone (good or bad) would be worth anything.I should have pointed out in the beginning of my review, that this review is really about Boost Mobile, and not the phone. Since you have to get this phone for Boost Mobile, I feel this is the right place to warn about Boost Mobile. I'm sorry that I can't provide any more insight into the phone itself.============ Original Post ===============Boost Mobile is UNBELIEVABLY bad:- 2 days ago I signed up for what I thought was a Pay-as-you-go plan (it was called a "Daily Plan")- yesterday I discover that they're charging me every day even if I don't use the phone!!!!- I have emailed them 4 times and spoken to 4 different people to try to do the following:- cancel my service- turn off my auto-replenish from credit card- refund any unused funds ($41 of $50 paid)- bottom line:- a rep was able to cancel my auto-replenish (I was not able to cancel it myself... nor, did any of my emails get it cancelled)- a manager told me they have no way of refunding my unused funds. Instead I must just wait until the funds get used up (Sherry, employee #WD221097 told me this, and also told me that there was no one above her that I could speak to)- my credit card customer service rep set up a conference call with me and "Janis" from Boost Mobile. Janis refunded my $41 and was very helpful.So, I would be very careful about doing any business with Boost Mobile. Of course I also had much of the normal aggravation that we expect from a customer-ignoring company: recorded messages that don't have the "cancel service" or "speak to a rep" option; one rep after another that treats you like a 3 year old; managers that can only say "I'm sorry, that's our policy".If you do find yourself in dispute with Boost Mobile, don't forget to try your credit card company... they were very effective.I did try the phone for about an hour the first day: it seemed like a nice phone. I liked the small size. It's not as fast as my Samsung S2, but it was acceptable to me. Note that you can't bring this phone to another network provider (I'm not quite sure why... I think it's just a business agreement between the providers... not a technical issue).

So I've had a real lot of phones and a lot of android based phones, and I always hated the way the battery could never keep up with the phones potential, so then i went back to a dumb phone for a while until the Galaxy Rush caught my eye, believe me when I say i research things to death, which is what i did here as well. This phone is sleek, fast, works exactly as described and best of all comes with a large battery for it's size, which is the perfect size by the way, everything about this phone is simply well made and executed, and I found it on sale at Radio Shack for 79.99 sorry Amazon do yourself a favor and try it I was so pleased with it.

We purchased this phone for our son. It was perfect. This phone has everything he needed and it has been very reliable.

it has the brilliant screen,lightly weight,easy to activated and used.the apps very useful  and necessary with samsung apps and googleplay inside.the battery also medium ok.very easy to interact with the apps and the phone.it also have the front-facing camera and rear camera for you to chat video and shoot the picture! :)!!!

one of the best phones i ever owened and boost moblie is the the way 2 go. GREAT% coverage and the best muonthly plans

The battery for this phone does not hold a good charge or last very long. Very disappointed in the quality of it.

This is my first Galaxy phone and I'm impressed with the features and will definitely recommend this to friends. I don't think I could ever go back to a regular android phone after having this phone

This phone is excellent for my current needs and it syncs to my other Samsung devices, tablet 2 , smart PC. I would buy it again for sure

Phone did not meet my expectations. Bought this phone for my mom for Christmas and was so excited to give it to her. It only lasted about two weeks before it started giving her problems. The volume keys would not work correctly, speakers were horrible,  and it would only let her receive certain messages..bottom line is I ended up going to an actual booast phone and buying her a different phone. Would not recommend.

GREAT ANDROID PHONE GREAT QUALITY BUT IM ROUGH ON ALL PHONES I HAD THE PHONE FOUR MONTHS I NEED A NEW ONE

I have been using an Iphone  3GS for about a year.  I switched to boost and purchased a Samsung Galaxy Rush because my reception was poor.  I thought that getting a phone 2 generations newer would be nice.  I was wrong.  This phone is unbelievably slow.  It takes a long time to load any app or even switch to phone mode.  The app icons are small and the texting interface doesn't leave any room to read previous messages.  Settings randomly change themselves.  The phone hangs up on people in my pocket and sends them unwanted messages.Recently the phone unexpectedly entered &#34;EMERGENCY&#34; mode and got stuck there.  I had to do a complete wipe-  I lost all of my apps (not that many) and all of my contacts and settings.It won't even work properly with google maps / navigation.Earlier today a movie just started playing while the phone was in my pocket.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE..unless you are a glutton for punishment.

But I absolutely HATE this one!!! it has so many glitches, it freezes up, and it takes forever to load the phone screen, I have been in situations where I needed to make a call very quickly but have been stuck waiting for this phone to load. I cant wait to switch it out with a new one!!!

Bought this phone for a friend in September. It is less than 4 months old and the phone stopped working.  It keeps shutting off and will not stay on even when reset to original factory settings.

the rush is definitely a step up from the prevail but it likes to shut off and restart for no reason. other than that I can't complain. I would probably recommend getting a better phone if you got the money

I am an android developer and needed a phone to use for development purposes.This is a great phone. The hardware is fantastic, the sound is perfect, the screen is responsive, and it works well for every thing I need it for. I would highly recommend this phone for any one looking for a small android phone that can fit in your pocket, run some applications, be used for development purposes, or JUST to text message. It does every thing and I cannot recommend this phone enough. You won't go wrong with this little device and even if you have no interest in ever poking around in the android software development kit... It is STILL perfect.Just buy it! =)

I had major trouble answering the phone when I received a incoming calls. I would press to receive the call and the phone keeps on ringing until the caller hangs up.I called for help with the problem and the service person couldn't resolve the problem.So I called Samsung, they told me to ship the phone back to them. So I did so on Friday September 20. 2013 for repairs. Now waiting on Samsung to repair of replace phone and ship back to me.

My husband and I both got this phone. We have always had pay-as-you go phones, because we have never had the desire to be under contract for cell service. We also refuse to pay a ridiculous price for a cell phone.To tell you how frugal we are, this is the first Smartphone that either one of us has EVER owned! We were ready to up-grade, but we just refused to pay $100 or much more for a cell phone!I found this phone on here brand-new for $49.99, so we decided we may as well give this phone a chance because we needed new phones and replacing the phones we had would cost about as much as this phone, if we replaced our phones with the same model we were already using!We really weren't expecting much for the low price so we were very pleasantly surprised! These phones are FABULOUS! My sister has a $400 Galaxy S3 and in my opinion this phone is just as good and does just as much!Unlimed everything for this phone is $55 per month, plus tax.This phone can have LOTS of apps installed and not slow down. It is perfect for surfing the web, watching movies, playing games, checking in on your favorite social sites, playing music and so much more! This phone is like a computer that will fit in your pocket! It is perfect for the things that we need to do online, which is great because we have no use for paying an internet bill since we have these phones! There are LOTS of FREE apps for this phone, and that includes popular game apps such as "Candy Crush Saga" and other popular games from social sites!We LOVE this phone! We are so happy that we each got one. In my opinion you will not find a better Smartphone on the market at a price like this!!!

I have had this phone for a week and it is light, has all the important functionality through android OS, and the sound quality is great. Only thing I would like to see improve is the camera quality (only 3.2MP) but I was willing to compromise due to the price.Very happy and satisfied. Do not miss my blackberry or iphone.BoostMobile is very easy to activate. Yet to fully experience quality of service, but "no contract" is a great thing.

Bought for 11yr old daughter for Christmas. Boost Mobile made it easy to activate, keep her same phone number and provide an unlimited talk, text & data plan at a great cost. Actually, switching from her AT&T account, we pay less and she gets more. Good coverage as we traveled between Kentucky and Florida her phone kept a signal and battery charge. Clear calls and average picture quality. Would buy again & definitely recommend

I Love this phone, Good internet, great sound, wonderful apps, shipped fast with no problems starts up good, had to make a samsung account tho which was weird. 5 Stars

It's a bit confusing but as soon as I get to know this phone inside and out; I'm sure that I'll love it.  I feel so old :).

I love the phone and am working hard to learn how to use the phone..i am not tech smart and I have never had a phone with this much stuff on it..i envy the people who can just pick of up a phone like this and use it for me its been a learning experience and I am liking the phone more each day!!..

The galaxy rush is a less expensive introduction to the world of phones as miniature computers. It is relatively easy to use (with some help from any available teenager ) and for a baby boomer like myself  is not at all intimidating.  I love having easy access to the internet  and it can keep you pretty good company playing games or browsing while waiting. I feel I got a lot of bang for my buck.

This phone is very good , it works as is advertised , I have it  for more than a week and it works perfect , I recommend it you will not be disappointed. I did not find nothing wrong !

Ok I've had this phone about 3 weeks now.. Wanted to use it and get the feel for it before I just gave it a (GREAT!!! review** I had the ZTE Warp about 30-days before I sent it back and got the Galaxy Rush.I liked the Size of the ZTE Warp better than the Galaxy Rush, the Galaxy Rush is much smaller.**I sent the Warp back because it kept freezing & self starting on me "a bit too much"**** Now the galaxy, I do Not like that it won't send my emails "sometimes" (sometimes it does, sometimes it doesn't) I hate that!  I get a message after trying to send an email that says "Sending FAILED" ?why? IDK...**It has froze on me a few times and or self started a time or two but certainly #so far#, NOT as much as the Warp did.**Oh #this happened for the second time last night# my phone rang #I had an incoming call# and I was NOT able to answer it, b/c it was FROZE so I had to restart it before I could take an incoming call. This has happened a couple of times where I could not take the incoming call (for whatever reason) I had to restart the phone.**I DO like the Front Facing CameraI DO like the voice textI DO like the "chrome like back" #or appearance#.I DO like certain Apps that I can get on the "Androids" that are NOT available to BlackBerry usersI am a previous BlackBerry user of approx 5yrs# This #these# are my 1st Androids---I DO miss my Blackberry, but like the apps of the androids)PS: the manual for this Galaxy Rush do NOT tell you how to do a single solitary thing. It's gives you all the basic elementary information like ---> this is the Power button, ---> this is the camera lenz etc... well F'n DUH...i'm taking my battery out as I type this because it's going UBER slow. Could be the slow network at my place of work but still.***Also I have NOT been able to use UberSocial on this Galaxy Rush #if you're a fan of that app# (I've tried Ubersocial, I've tried HootSuite, I've tried TwitterDroid) they won't work on my phone, I have to use basic twitter and I can't even use twitter longer, they have to be exact 140 charac or my msg won't send!! #rollseyes#.***This phone is REALLY IRKING my NERVES #screaming# it gets to a point that NOT only will it NOT send OUT my emails that I try sending but I have to keep resending the darn text messages because it keeps saying "failed" to send message to: &lt;--whomever I was trying to send it too--->*I SWEAR I miss my BlackBerry this is some BULL SHIGGITY!!!!!!!!!* Had I known I'd have to deal with all this Bull Shiggity I would have Just kept the Samsung Warp I got it cheaper #on another site /refurbished# / and it was bigger which was a PLUS + PLUS!!!!OK now posting this review I haven't had it 30-days yet I think I might send it back and get the warp back and save myself $78.00 It's a good phone. if I could I would have given it 3.5 stars ... I mean it's a good phone, (has it's good points) but Dang --- it's not BAd-- but it's not all good#have it a while# then post your review**I did buy a 8gb sds card**I can't send it back b/c I threw out the box and everything it came in ;(My review is in NO way a bad representation of the Boost Mobile Network. I love boost have been a customer for a few years now. My plan i'm down to $40 a month Unlimited emmpf can't beat that with a baseball bat.. (I love it)Well that's "MY" Review....

GREAT PHONE FOR THE PRICE.I RECOMMEND THIS PHONE.  IT WORKS GREAT. THE ONLY THING I DISLIKE IT TAKES TIME TO TURN ON.  BUT OTHER THAN THAT IT WORKS GREAT!!

I bought this phone to replace the Kyocera Hydro which has some glitches.  I must say I DO NOT regret this buy.  The Samsung Galaxy Rush is a well made cell phone with great features.  It is a very sleek looking cell with a slim profile.  For just having a 1 GHZ single core CPU it runs pretty smooth.  I like all the customizations you can select.  If you cannot afford the higher end Galaxy series this is a great entry/mid  level phone.  Thank you amazon for a great  bargain!

After reading reviews on Amazon as well as boost mobile's site, I'm satisfied.  The phone is the anti &#34;big phone.&#34;. It's smaller, but doesn't feel small.  I'm a 6'1&#34; guy with big hands and I have no problems texting or sending emails. Battery life is decent. Android 4.1.2 is a vast improvement over gingerbread. Nice customizing capabilities.It does have quirks, ut what phone doesn't. One odd one is that draft emails don't appear in one account. Otherwise an all around good phone.

Such a great phone! I can do so much on this smartphone. I love it! I could more stuff on this phone then my tablet. The price you cannot beat. I recommendthis phone to friends without smartphones all the time.

Bought this for my husband who has always been a stickler for the old flip phones.  He loves it.  Wasn't difficult for him to get used to at all.  The dual camera is a great function, now I wish I had this phone!

I bought this as a replacement phone for my son. He had another one and really likes the way this one works.

This phone has been able to handle the abuse from my teenager! It's been dropped several times and it keeps on working!

I got this phone for my 17 year old daughter and it does a great job for all of her social needs!

I just got my Samsung Galaxy Rush about a week ago almost, and I love using it! I can do all the same things I can do with an iPhone with it's front facing camera, like skype, and tango, or even viber! I love my new phone!!!!! Long lI've android! Lol Actually I'm going to correct myself. Not only can this phone do everything that the iPhone can (Not including Siri)  but you can so much more! Having this phone or any other android will allow to have full ability to customize it to fit your style or tastes! Say you want a different font or theme on your phone, unlike the iPhone you can change it to however you want it to be! Android is that good!

I love it its cheap phone bill and its a great phone its holds everything from apps and movies ibgo everywhere in the USA with the phone and I can Skype with family

As big as the first iPHONE, it's one of the best phone on the market. And for the price, it can't be beat.

This was a great phone for a great price! It was a gift for my boyfriend and he is very happy with it! The touch screen is sensitive. It is small enough to carry comfortably and big enough to watch your favorite you tube videos!

Not the Latest but Works Fine. Bought one for my wife 7 then had to get another for my son. Both love it but its only 3G but worth the price.

Well, this is my first touch screen android.  I read lots of reviews before making this purchase and this is the ideal phone for newcomers to android that does not want to commit to expensive contracts and phone expense.  I've had this phone for 2 months and it has never froze or any kind of malfunction.  My boyfriend has an Iphone and this little Galaxy Rush makes him want to purchase a Galaxy 4.  My ten year old son, a gamer,  says the screens have good, quick transition and he thinks it runs very smoothly.

VERY NICE  PHONE. BOUGHT IT FOR A CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR A FIRST TIME ANDROID USER. EASY TO MANUVER. WILL RECCOMEND IT

I choose a 5 stars because the phone worked great and it was in the condition as described and overall I really reccommend this phone.

I can't argue with the price for the phone and Boost mobile is so far working out fine for what I need.

First I should mention this is my first upgrade in 3 years,I'm not one of those idiots who has to have the latest or the best phone I can afford.  With that said this far exceeded my expectations for a $50 smart phone. Call quality is great. Screen size is perfect for my uses. Came loaded with some useful software as well as the basic bloatware which is had to avoid.Accessing the web in 3G works for my needs just fine and faster than expected. I don't watch movies on a phone so it might not work for those who do such things,but than again maybe it will. It is WiFi capable so your not stuck on the 3G network anyway.Boost is a great carrier I've used for years and would recommend them over any contract plan. Sprint Network so I've never had coverage issues anywhere I've lived.Bottom line - Yea a lower end phone and you could spend more for something higher end,but for what you get for the price you can't go wrong!

Yes I would buy another :)  This is my first touch screen.  I have really enjoying learning and using these cell phone.

This is my first smart phone and I am very pleased with it.  It seems to do quite a bit of stuff. Works well with home wifi.

i like the way it is working fine, it is my first android phone but so far i have not had any problem with the activation or the using of the phone

I absolutely do not recommend this phone to anybody. So slow, camera takes literally 5 seconds to take a picture. I had this phone powered on for only an hour and it kept updating over and over.

I received this gift from my husband for Christmas and I absolutely love it!!! I purchased a warp myself and within a couple of days I returned it. I wanted a great phone with all the benefits of the bigger phones that everyone is carrying these days, but in a smaller size. Got it!! I absolutely,positively love this phone!

I use to be an iPhone junkie.. And thought that was the only phone/device I would every desire.. Well in a turn of events my iPhone was stolen from me and a new HTC android I was testing out... So I joined the Boost Mobile family and went back to a basic phone w/ a querty board... UGH what a change that was... I stuck with that little gem for over a year, until I decided it was time to go back to a smartphone. After attempting to find a Galaxy 2 for $100 and failing I finally decided to snatch up this Samsung Rush for $99 from the boost mobile website. My phone was shipped to me w a $20 Google Play card which I still haven't used to this day!.. I can't be happier with this phone, especially now that I know how to work the voice activated GPS feature! This phone is light in weight so I suggest a sturdy case to protect it I have a black EMPIRE case which I purchased right here from Amazon... and I have dropped my phone many times and its still rocking and rolling. I text, I check my bank account, I take pics (cam is great), I constantly surf the web.. I couldn't ask for more. I pay $40 a month w boost shrinkage plan... and I get all the features I would IF I were still w AT&T paying over $120 a month!!! I'm Elated and very satisfied and you will be too!

Very happy with my phone. It came in a Boost Mobile box (unopened) and with all the bells and whistles.

For the price, this phone is the best! It was my first smartphone and I couldn't be happier with it.

Before I ordered this phone for my fiancee I called the retailer and was told that she would get it in 3 days tops. I never received the phone in 3 days. I waited 5 more days and no phone arrived. I found this same phone in my neighborhood for $110 so I brought it. When I finally received the phone in the mail 17 days later, I returned it. As per the services of the phone, I found it to be no diferent than the Galaxy II and III. It has all the same features. The only diference is the size of the phone. This phone doesn't freeze up as more as the Galaxy II and III. So far its ok because my fiancee takes good care of her things. She values what she has.

I bought the phone for my 19 yr old and he is quite satisfied.  He had this model phone once before, but it was dropped and broken.  We have no complaints.

I was a little apprehensive about buying a smartphone, thnking that it would be complicated and hard to use, but this phone is easy to use and so far, I have had no problems downloading & using apps or even just making calls or texts.  It also takes GREAT pictures!The only downside is the size of the screen,  it's small, so the images/links/icons are too ... I had to get a stylus in order to use the keyboard & other icons.  And my reading glasses!  :)I'm also happy so far with Boost's service.  I have a full 3G signal everywhere I go in town.

It seems to have everything a Samsung Galaxy II has and having a blast with it. Still trying to figure a few things out but is working great.

this is a good phone for the price is sellingfour and I will highly recommend it

I have had many Androids.This was a graduation gift for someone.  I played with it for a day.  This is a real nice product.  &#34;A&#34; Grade

Got this phone during christmas sale and it is such a good phone, very glad i bought it. First smartphone I have owned and getting to know it is easy and fun. Good screen size, takes great pictures, sound is good also

This phone was very nice at first, very fast and not glitchy at all.. But then I downloaded a few apps, and put in my contacts and now it freezes alot.. I wouldn't buy anything similar in the future.. It is great as just a temporary phone though!

My son really enjoyed this phone and he is 14 years old. Good starter phone for any teenaged child with touch screen capabilities, and 3 G network accessibility. Has good customization features for ring tones and wall papers as well.

just left Verizon and i couldn't be happier with boost. its actually better signal/ service for about a third the price of Verizon. i cant say enough about how terrible Verizon is. Drop the contracts, and get this cool little boost phone. the phone is much better sized than gallaxy s3. it actually fits in my pocket and tends to have better signal, internet, and battery life than my sprint gs3.

I am very pleased with this phone. It has all the features i need .connection is fast with greast service on the sprint network lets me use the web anytime i need.

I didnt get this off of amazon but i do want people to know its a great phone if youre on a budget. The only reason why i didnt give it a 5 is because sometimes the phone will shut off and turn back on randomly which doesnt really bother me cause its rare and doesnt happen when im in the middle of something. I bought this when it first came out so it was a little more expensive but has served me well. The battery life on this phone is incredible. It lasts all day which is a big step from how long my galaxy prevail which would constantly have to be on the charger for me to do anything. The phone is easy to use and is quite customizable. Be warned though: if you plan on downloading media or apps on this phone GET AN SD CARD! This phone does not come with one and only has 2gigs of internal. Im using the one that came with my prevail. The sound quality of the phone is good but sometimes low on a call. Other than that it is totally worth the price to get this phone. I love boost and have been with them for years. This phone is a great buy now that its cheaper. :)

I purchased this phone for my wife as a Christmas present. As soon as she opened it, she said this is what she's been wanting. The ease of use with this phone she loves and clarity is perfect. Would recommend this for anyone that is looking for an android phone. The price was good for a phone of this kind. I'm even wanting to buy a phone for myself, this same kind. Thank you for making this a great Christmas for my wife.

This is a decent phone for the price. As they say, you get what you pay for and this is no exception.  This phone is not the most sophisticated but it gets the job done.Pros:No contractInexpensiveMakes Phone CallsSends & Receives TextsSurfs the InternetBattery life is good with light useCons:Screen resolution not very goodBack cover is flimsyApps can not utilize added external storageOnly 3g data speeds

Good five star phone.works just as good as the more high price phone its good.I got my self and a love one this phone.

The phone is all that I hoped it would be. Works like a charm. Battery life is good, able to read mail and surf web without a problem. I like the fact that I don;t have a contract.

This is my first android phone and it met my expectations. I would recommend this to anyone looking for an entry-level smartphone.

I love this phone! It works exactly like i thought it would and its fast and easy to work. I really love the widget that shows how many apps are open and using the battery :)

I bought this to replace a Samsung Galaxy Prevail.  It's so much better than the Prevail.  Better functionality, more memory and better battery life.  I am so glad I traded up.

yes the phone was all that and more.thank you amazon, and Samsung for an amazing phone.i'll make sure to shop again and inform all my friends.

Five Star. My Daughter loved it. She has everything that she needed on the phone. Thanks Amazon. This was a gift well loved.

If you have teens that want a smart phone but you don't want to pay a fortune for the phone get this phone.  It can't perform like a galaxy S3 but it performs similar to a galaxy S2.

Nice phone. Swype actually works better in this phone than my last android. Applications open up quickly. The camera/video can take photos from either the front or rear view. The video has a great option of choosing regular format vs. message capable. I can now take a quick video and email or text it without worrying that the file is too big. Built in flash and flashlight. Has a note pad/sticky note feature that I love too. Nice factory ring tones and alert system. Light phone. If the phone goes into luck mode and a message comes in, you can unlock the phone by swiping over the message logo and the phone will open right up to the message. Very convenient phone and the cheap phone plan make this an exciting sale.

Had the phone for 2 months and it hasn't ever been very good. Shuts off by itself randomly, the screen gets stuck randomly, and it doesn't turn on at all half the time. The phone is painfully slow. Sometimes you think it has frozen but it is just loading. Save your money on this and spend a bit more and get something better.

thx so much amazon i love this phone good deaal my peeps are jealous i'm so glad you exist real talk ;)

NICE PHONE FIRST SMARTPHONE FOR ME. EASY TO USE BUT NO ADOBE FLASH PLAYER IS SUPPORTED BY THIS PHONE. FOR THE PRICE YOU ARE GETTING A GOOD DEAL.

I bought this for $90.  Nice phone, but with many issues.  Shuts off on itself often, even when in use.  Dials numbers in phone book even when screen is locked (but in pocket).  Apps routinely freeze and crash.  Samsung produces nice phones but Android far from being up to par with the competition.  If you dont mind restarting phone or taking the battery out a couple times a day it's worth the trouble.  If not, run man

I love this phone it has so many features just like any samsung phone its amazing! It also has Iphone style texting so I rarely mess up text, highly recommended. I personally love it. Its been just as good as my other smart phones

I am really please with the Galaxy Rush.  The best part is the internal memory.  I had the Galaxy Prevail and it just didn't have enough internal memory for the apps I downloaded.  The Rush has plenty.  I have downloaded quite a few apps and I still have plenty of memory left.  Happy, happy, happy.

I never got it wet, dropped it or abused it in any way, and the speaker stopped working. No sound for the ring tone or speaker phone function. A great way to miss every incoming call. I've only had it a couple of months. It just got past the 30 day warranty. I'd say avoid it like the plague. 90 bucks down the toilet.

I had to return this phone due to it's sluggish response.  Do not recommend.  Save your money and go for the GALAXY.

I needed a small carry around phone. My BlackBerry was just too primitive. I wanted a low cost small Android device that I could also read books on, which you can't do with the BlackBerry 9120. This phone exceeded my expectations. Lots of ram. Plenty of room to hold many apps. Snappy processor. Four stars only for low resolution screen and abysmal 3g performance. But I didn't buy it for Web browsing. A solid buy from Samsung and Boost Mobile. Oh and it's pocketable unlike the giant high end phones.

She adores this phone, compared to another touchscreen phone she had. I seen this phone on the boost mobile page. imo it looks well built, the mutli-touch screen was really responsive, surprised me for being a cellphone. Phone didn't lag one bit, or bog down when a few apps were running at the same time. But what sold me on the phone to purchase for her was the fact it had WiFi. which gave her the option to be able to check her important stuff on a hot-spot at a coffee house or restaurant without pulling out her laptop for a quick jot on Facebook, and her other social media without being required to have a data plan with boost, or sprint. I'm not so much a camera junkie, she seems to be a picture-holic :p. Seemed to have a fairly decent quick camera for decent photos. Nothing you can consider to be &#34;professional&#34; but functional with a few or several quick-shots to share with people on Facebook and her other social media outlets. I wish i had more to tell you about the phone, but that seems to be the &#34;only details&#34; I could pry out of her from the excitement. I'll followup in a few months and see where this phone pans out. As it's a &#34;new hype&#34; for her, this may change drastically in the future with extensive usage. For now it's a 5 star rating.

I upgraded from the Prevail to this one.  It didnt come with a manual and I had to print out 182 pages in order to use it.  Has more memory than the Prevail.  Getting used to it and had a hard time syncing my accounts to phone.  I wish it came with a manual just came with a starter guide which was little help.

This is a temporary phone for me as I attempt to shield myself from the monthly bills of the major carriers. The phone does everything as advertised, but it does it slowly. Whether you find yourself going through multiple email messages or trying to update Facebook, you will will watch the little wheel turn as the phone loads. Is it the end of the world? no. For the price of this experiment I am happy. It has a purpose and a market and it depends on your needs. Is it for a power business user? No. It's OK, not great, and provides value. Would I buy it again? probably not. If you are in the market for a phone that's easy to use, and easy to read your email on, this is right for you.

It's a pretty good phone I would definitely recommend it. The seller was pretty good 2. So definitely think about getting this phone because it's a pretty good one everything works just the way they say it works The only downside is that the resolution of the screen isn't the best but it will do.

This is actually my husbands phone but I like the size. It's a bit smaller than the iPhone. My husband like his new phone.. Not much more to say about it

The phone works well.  Had to replace a broken boost phone and did not like how they added $5 to my shrinkage plan.  That's like a $30 penalty over the next six months.  Be careful in selecting phones if you have a shrinkage plan already.

Gave it to my daughter for an early Christmas present.Her first smart phone. She seems to really like it so far.

I'm new to boost and ordered this phone last week. I don't like that it didn't come with some features that a phone should come with so I had to find and download an app. U can't use the web and talk at the same time I'm not feeling that at all. I don't like that I have to keep hitting refresh on everything. Also when on the web u have to double tap to view a website.

This was a really good phone.......at first. After a month I had to do a factory reset and have had to do 3 more since. The phone freezes all the time and shuts down and restarts at the worst times. Very irritating.........

The battery life in this device is great considering it's a full-fledged android phone - GPS, messaging, 3G/WiFi, video, screen rotation, touch, Swipe, two cameras, video, etc. - that, combined with auto-backups to Google services (which you'll have to hook up partially by yourself) and syncing, it does everything my gf and I need.It's also priced well.  There's no reason for us to purchase a phone that costs as much as rent, when we can have two for less than that, with no contract and a very reasonably-priced unlimited data plan.

I really like this phone.  It isn't so big that you can't put it in your pocket (very close to the size of an Iphone).  My only complaint is it makes sounds for no reason at all.  If you disable the &#34;system notification&#34; sound then it's quiet but you don't know when you receive a text.  I have to mute it or it will wake me up all night.

I would not recommend this phone AT ALL!!!! It freezes A LOT, the apps are slow, it restart on its own often, and every time you play games on it you have to keep restarting your phone because the games will make your phone freeze. Some times I don't even get calls and texts. It's a horrible phone. Everything you can think of is wrong with this phone

the phone does not work in Venezuela. be possible to return the equipment by other released and gsm. would be willing to pay money difference.

I gave this cell phone to my son for Christmas. He loves it. Worked great on a trip from San Antonio to DFW and back. Works inside well. Sound is excellent. I liked it well enough to order two more for my wife and me.

DISAPPOINTING. This phone does not allow you to move the new downloaded apps to the external sd card. This limit the available space in the internal memory and then the amount of apps you will be able to download. The sd card is only for media storage...

works perfecty, great signal and i dropped it several times on accident without any change in performance (one time, the battery even fell out)

And when I try to text it goes wacko!!!It will close down my emails and go to another site or sometimes it will shutdown.

I like this phone and the case i purchased for it.  For the longest I was using a outdated trac phone but decided to upgrade with a cute simple no contract phone and the Galaxy Rush was a great purchase.  I don't talk much on my cell but it is good to have and cannot wait to hook up the blue tooth in my car.

I love the phone and the many terrific features!  It is fast enough for me at 3G, has two cameras which take very nice pictures, and I am just overall pleased.  It is a good purchase and I would recommend it.

this phone works great, the sprint/boost service is not so great. i like the 4.0 opt.sysm i had the 2.2 before, this is so much better

The Rush was a very good 2012 entry level 3G phone that has been replaced by Boost's new 2013 phones with high speed 4G LTE for Boost's new 4G LTE network.Bottom line: as of October 2013, anyone buying a Boost phone should ONLY be looking at the new 4G LTE models.If you read "one star" and "two star" reviews, you will see people complaining about their Rush "freezing up". That problem is caused by filling the internal memory to the brim with apps and not moving apps to the SD card. "Phone Freeze" can also be caused by just one "bad" app, and the Google Play Store has THOUSANDS of bad apps. When you install a new app, install just one each day. Use that app for a day and verify it works well and causes no problems for your Rush. App freezes your phone? Just uninstall it. If you download five apps a day and your phone freezes up, you don't know WHICH app is misbehaving.The Rush has a smaller screen than most 2013 "Super Phones"...it is the size of the screen on the Apple Iphone 4S. For reading email or news on the web, the Rush's screen works very well. Want to watch Netflix movies? You probably will think the Rush's screen is a bit small.Samsung makes tough phones. Odds are, your Rush will survive a fall onto a hardwood floor. But, why take chances? Buy a dual layer "hybrid" case with a rubber inner layer and a hard outer shell. Such cases are light, but tough enough to protect your Rush against a fall, even onto concrete. Search Amazon for cases using terms such as "Hybrid" or "dual" or "fishbone" to find the dual layer cases.WARNING: Boost Mobile uses the Sprint Network, and Boost phones do NOT "roam" to other networks when you travel beyond the reach of the Sprint "home" network. Boost Mobile has a strong network in America's 40 largest cities, and along the major interstate highways that connect those 40 cities. But, there are ENTIRE STATES not served by Boost Mobile...also NOT served are most small towns and rural areas. The Boost Mobile coverage map enables you to "zoom in" on the block where you live and where you work to verify the availability of a 3g signal in your neighborhood before you buy a Boost phone.

my daughter said she likes the phone and it's better then trac phone and it don't lose a phone call

This Phone doesnt respect privacyor safety not everyone uses a calender in there email but this phone requires it. if you have ever been stalked or your email was hacked you know how dangerous putting calender events out on your email it allows you to be tracked. people can hurt you this way.Samsung expects you to trust email addresses to hold your events securely and i dont like someone telling me who and when to trust when it comes to the safety of my family. There is a calender in this phone and u should be able to use it without an email account. This is disrespectful to there costumers and very intrusive i should be able to have an internal calender and use it in my phone but its a feature in my phone that i cant use but need badly. I expected more from a company like samsung. I am a first time smartphone user but these phones dont seem to smart. They have alot of features but using them requires compromising your safety, privacy,and your decision making concerning keeping your info secure and private they make decisions for u Like u have to an account to use your calender when you shouldnt have to all phones should give u a chance to opt out of email association to your calender but they dont care obviously. if i use that feature i will feel watched and looking over my shoulder to much i have been hurt and stalked i am not paraniod it just takes a dangerous situation to make people alert and samsung should respect this all of there phones should give there costumers more respect than being so intrusive and controlling putting the calender in front of my face but forcing my to compromise myself is controlling and wrong considering older phones did give you an internal calender some people want to sync email some dont but both people and choices should be respected. if u are a private person you wont like this feature. Another thing that is wrong is that when you there is an option to show birthdays never use this feature especially if your contacts are synxed because others cant take your identity your birthdate is what makes that possible so please dont compromise your family

I am very happy with this phone. I have had Boost phones for several years and I have not had any problems. I really wanted to upgrade to a smart phone, but not break the bank. I was very glad to find this one. I think it stands up to some of the more expensive phones. The camera quality is good and I really just like the whole set up.

First the delivery was awesome, received within the number of days indicated. This was a xmas gift for my daughter and she loves it. My daughter has no problems conecting to the internet like her previous phone. LOVE LOVE  ( LOVE IT) SAYS MY DAUGHTER. THANKS AMAZON WILL RETURN TO PURCHASE OTHER ITEMS.

Man after a while the volumed went weak where I couldn't hear much unless i'm in a very quiet area. I really hate this piece of Garbage!!!!!

I bought this phone for my girlfriend, and she just loves the thing. It does just about everything her laptop does, except burn a Disc. There are so many features & things it does, that we are both still trying to figure out all that it does. Neither of us are tech experts, but even for us it's easy to figure out. I would definately purchase the phone again if needed.

By today's standard it's an old phone and not able to keep up with the newer smarter phones.  I know someone that has same phone and she didn't have the same problems I was having so idk what the deal was

I am really happy to have gotten this phone for my brother in law he had a old phone that did not even have a lcd screen thanks for product!

I've been wanting this cell phone for soooooooo long & now I have it!!!!!!!!! Hints why I've given a FIVE RATING!! #aMUSTbuyitem

THIS PHONE CAME TO ME BRAND NEW I DID NOT NEED AN UNLOCK CODE, WHICH I SORT OF FEARED AFTER I PAYED FOR IT. THIS WAS NOT THE CASE IT WORKS PERFECT AND IT WAS SUPER GOOD DEAL. OH, IT ALSO GOT TO MY PLACE WITHIN TWO AND HALF DAYS. THANK YOU

Fast as dual-core phones had a ZTE awe great camera had a 5 megapixel camera truer color tent speakerphone almost as loud as ZTE awe frunt camera 1.3megapixel good color two call quality very good microphone picks up strong if when tipping a message letters in window don't delete space then delete all phones glitch and freeze even the iPhone Google it lest with android phones all you have to do is remove the battery put back in to fix iPhone you have to go to stores for thim to fix this phone has same features as the Samsung galaxy 3 as other reviews on line from Samsung galaxy 3 oweners beware most newer phones ice cream sandwich.jelly bean.kit Kate won't move eney games or apps to sd memory card there are a few smartphones brand's that will move apps and games to sd like LG but Samsung phones won't always research online the phone your interested in Google it and surch it on other surch engines and YouTube it ask tec at boost and other stores before you buy i got this phone because it had most features i wanted and meet my bugit $2499 before tax little over with tax has lot's features as Samsung galaxy 3 let u find thim out was very surprised at all it's features wow big bang for your money buy from Amazon not boost mobile only give 14days on new and preowend phones but with preowend phones boost charge a$10.00 activation for used phones only free activation for new phone with boost there's no roming fees no drop calls there nation wide if git insurance git from boost mobile if phone needs fixing boost insurance will send a envelope to return phone if get insurance from stores you have to return to store with ether you can take to local store beware of virgin liers and thefts stold over $52.00 from me and Sprint back up there thefts beware of metro pcs thay have a law suite for charging fake fees 7/14 they charge$3 for pay with live person and$2 pay with automated system and do charge tax and 911 extra above $40 you don't findout till your with um lest boost don't play those games thyll tell you the tax and fees you pay usaly only state &tax and metro pcs won't back insurance thyll come up with a reason to reject your insurance and want you to buy new phone boost usually will fix your phone plus metro Ben know to still money out your account with out your promistion only if choose boost pay manually 7days early so git shrinkage don't do auto boost if bank don't pay um on time you don't get shrinkage Google problems with auto pay or reboost boost mobile not perfect but most trustworthy no contact cellular companie out I've resurrected thim all boost mobile only one true unlimited all cellphone companies have a data limit boost Will only trotted you when truely go over data limit others do before and may cut you off lick strat talk this phone has good battery life to I've seen worst buy this phone you'll love it if you don't expect miracle you'll love sum people can't be plesed ?????

Reasonable quality and performance  for the price paid. At times some application notifications will interrupt a call but I am still getting familiar with it can not blame it 100% on the phone.

I thought that I was ordering a 4g phone. Been considering returning it for another phone. In fact that was what the ad said it was.

I had the samsung prevail which was good for a while until there was no memory left and it was the slowest phone ever - crashing all the time, restarting on it's own, locking up, etc. THIS PHONE IS 100 TIMES BETTER. I have so many more apps on this phone without even purchasing additional memory. Great phone!

i like this phone..Not alot to complain about except the lack of directions given with the phone.basicaly they cover how to get started on the phone...but not things like how to move and store things like pics from text messages oe multimedia messages. I still cant get my blue tooth to connect with this model phone and there is no trouble shooting for this in the manual either.i have a plantronic bluetooth.  The apps were easy to dwnload although i dont have a need for all of them....This phone clearly was made for people that have a wrking knowledge of android phones and their apps.

I purchased this for my Nephew for Christmas.  He absolutely loves it.  Easy to use and perfect for a teenager.

i got this phone from amazon paid for brand new got refurbished well the first day out of the box it wasnt working right so called customer service hour an half later got it reset o what ever thy do an it was working grate loved it fast lots of apps but months later started acting up so called back to find out its refurbished so its to late to send it back now but still gets the job done but shuts off every now an than by its self....

My first android phone phone and i like it. Pretty quick and easy to use. Does what i need and does it good.  Recommended for first time smartphone users.

phone in a small fast navigation takes clear photos comes with all accessories a person hundred percent recommended excelente good
