
I really like the Windows OS and the Nokia line after only one day with my phone.  The 900 is great for the most part.  Difficult to set-up the unlocked phone with prepaid carrier, but doable.  The phone itself has a nice look, is dense and operates smoothly. However, feels slick in my hand and almost dropped it many times in the first few hours of handling.  I also think there is much wasted space on the front face at the top and bottom, that the screen doesn't use.  Wish it had a 4.5 or better yet a 4.7 inch screen. Also, Nokia needs to adjust the Windows (tiles) to maximize the size to cover the entire screen...too much wasted black space around the edges of the actual screen (not the glass) itself.

Nokia Lumia 900 Black Factory Unlocked, this smart phone blocked three times since I purchased it. The LCD screen does not work.

lo compre por sugerencias de varios usuarios ademas siempre he comprado tel&eacute;fonos nokia espero que este modelo sea tan bueno como los anteriores que he tenido

great phone, works well a few problems not many apps and when hold it sideways (for youtube and such) it randomly pops up bing or this really annoying thing that said &#34;try to say call mom or say find a diner&#34; cant figure out what it is or how to shut it off and you cant get more text tones(or I just haven't figure it out yet)and you have to use zune to update&#60;add photos from your comp to phone and add music,cant drag and drop like android ..but other than that works well nice size screen nice pic quality easy to make calls and send text nice audio quality and its external speeker is pretty loud

excelente telefono, ultima generacion, lo recomiendo al 100 porciento,  la entrega llego en el tiempo justo y ahora lo disfruto al maximo

The phone I received is actually locked by at&t; and not unlocked as it says. I asked the seller to send me an unlock code, but he would not respond. after reading some of the comments, I realized that I am not the only one that have been fooled by the phone descrption. Since I am in Angola, West Africa, it is not feasible to send the phone back, therefore I bought an unlock code for $46.6from [...]. It took 10 days to get the code, but the good thing is my phone is unlocked and working pretty well.

What I like about this phone: the back camera- stalker quality. the durability. It has dropped, had stuff drop on it (freshly brewed coffeepot for one....) and survived to tell another day. The downsides: product glitches- at least every other day, no instruction manual, a defective pair of random headphones- how can I use headphones where one wire is at least half the length of the other??? And the factory unlocking.... it's a pain in the arse to have a phone locked to att. If I had known that would have been the case I would have brought a friend's old one and called it a day. The volume seems to be permanently low- I make calls like I'm in in an old cellphone commercial. Oh and apps? They don't like windows phones. In short buyer beware.

I got this phone for presenting it to my dad.I highly recommend you guys to go for Lumia phone's if you are looking a phone for durability.If it accidentally falls from your hand i am sure it can withstand the impact pressure when compared to samsung.

The device came without original packaging. The pack they sent me it was unopened. There was a sticker on one side with the Nokia lumia IMEI and other codes. The pack itself wasn't a Nokia LUMIA Ppack that you would find in google search. I mean the BOX wasnt from nokia for sure. There were no manuals or the connectivity cable in the pack.

I work in the industry, so I get hands-on with all the flagship phone. That being said, the 920 is simply the best for an endless amount of reasons. My wife and I replaced our previous flagship phones, (from other platforms), and now absolutely love the 920.I think it's pretty sad how the media will completely ignore the superior innovation that this phone has over the others, just to help promote the other name brands.Think for yourself.  Experience for yourself.  And, don't be afraid to make the change.Good luck, folks.

Even though unlocked for all network, cannot download apps if not with the carrier the phone was originally made to. Very bad experience.

muy buen producto, excelente vendedor, entrega rapida y efectiva, el telefono me llego en excelente condiciones, agradecido por tan buen servicio

Apps are limited and need google apps need to work here. Transfer even on windows machine very tedious process. Finally gave up

its just the perfect phone for the nokia lovers. the phone texture is of high quality and comes with accessories

"The Metro UI" - interface is simply amazing!! But Lumia phone is little bulky, and no upgrade to windows 8 mobile.

It is my favorite phone. I love it very much. wishing to get the next model. I love it. I love it . I love it.

I bought this product and within three months have gone and bought a new phone because the phone sucks. My husband has at&t; and the unlocked phones are at&t; but yet it still doesn't work. I contacted the seller and got blow off!! I am so disappointed by this experience and recommend everyone look at another phone for your needs!!! I have attempted to write a review for the seller but my computer won't let me.I AM ONE DISAPPOINTED CUSTOMER!!!!!!!!!!

Very Used Phone ! Be aware for the next buyers ! ! !  It's not what you expect from this Nokia Lumia..

The product arrived bad, i feel so bad for this, i want to change for another cellphone, but i import to Per&uacute; , it was imposible.

Everything was like it supposed to be, on date, time and a beautiful product. I love it, thanks -! .

OK, so I own the Lumia 900 and have since the May release date.  While it is a stylish phone of good build quality, you cannot judge a book by it's cover - which is the only place where the quality of this phone shines.  It's pretty, but.....So, Microsoft made a phone that is already obsolete, cannot use ANY instant messaging applications or multitask properly, and has numerous flaws that are just add up to a frustrating experience.  Not to mention that suppliers and third party companies are avoiding the Windows phone platform almost entirely.  Go to the electronics store and try comparing how many accessories you can find for all the other phones with what you can find for the Lumia 900 - it's beyond sad.  And the software!!  I had a Blackberry that ran the mobile MS Office applications with better functionality and feature-set than the MS hardware, MS software combination of the Lumia.  And MS owns Skype but wait, wait... nope, it doesn't work on the Lumia. (unless you disable your screen from timing out {dead battery} and keep Skype as the running app on the screen {switch to another app and Skype logs out}) Running one app works fine, but how smart is it to install an instant messaging application on a phone that cannot run instant messaging while you're doing something like, let's say, looking at the home screen of the phone to see what time it is.  Pathetic.I'm a sucker who used to have faith in Microsoft products, so I gave this phone a chance and believed all the fan-boy hyped reviews.  Repeat - I am the sucker.  Please, don't join the crowd of disappointed people who are now wondering if they can find anyone stupid enough to buy a used Lumia off of them so that they can escape to the capable platform of Android or, dare I say it, Apple (and I hate Apple).  If you love a pretty box and don't care about functionality - go for it, but if you actually want a capable smart-phone please save yourself before it's too late and forget this phone ever existed (like MS already did).

All accessories attached were not original. The computer connection did not work and the headphone and mic are so bad.The telephone freezes if you try to work with it while charging. The charger is not original either.

they offer this item for new and its not new at all..IT IS NOT NEW. A lot of old pics in phone memory dating from 2010

Phone purchased as a gift and so far working well. Recipient Happy and hopes to enjoy phone as long as it lasts.

I am really happy with it. Fast and realiable, it is a very good intro to the Windows Mobile OS. A little bit heavy, but that also is a good point since  I am always reminded that it is there

I believe the lumia did its best despite there're few apps useful & I do need to set up the 4g my own instead of automatically done by others brand. Anw, ATT fone use Tmobile is complicated & lumia did do the job well

Phone runs really smooth, gorgeous screen, resolution, very good camera, battery life is pretty good, the only thing is the app store, not enough apps, and if you head droid before and love Google stuff, the you have to improvise

Not factory unlocked!Box is not Nokia, neither the charger.Brings a car charger and a coverI do not recommend you buy this product!I will try it soon to check what else is strange

All I have to say is thank God I am replacing a 900 because this came with no instruction manual! I just received today so I can't write more of a review at this time

Exelent product just as shown and described on the sellers page... it also works perfect.. its exactly what i expected...

The phone came on time, it is exactly as shown. Right now its working quite well. Its a little bit bigger than I thought.

I am pleased with the phone and wireless extra is willing to support you with any problems that may occur.

works greatgreat customer servicein love with the phonegreat battery lifegreat great great great great great apps

The phone may simply stop charging in few months. If you don't believe me, google &#34;My nokia lumia 900 won't charge&#34; and find out yourself how many people are having this issue. In addition your nokia may not have a warranty in the US.Please don't waste your money.

GREAT PRODUCT I AM LOST FOR WORDS IT WAS EVERYTHING I EXPECTED AND MORE. ANY PHONE FROM NOKIA IS GREAT THATS MY OPINION

The phone is great but people complain that they do not hear me well on the other side. Do not know if the phone I bough have problem or not. Also the phone turn off immediately although I made the software for 1 min.

good but not enough no ext memory can be installed . not too long battery flash is useless at night  very bad picture at night.

great phone , great appearance, easy to use and strong phone indeed. i love the window phone compare to iPhone i had

The phone is a very solid build when I first have it. But then two problems came:1. The front face camera leaks dust and now it has accumulated so much dust that the camera is not usable.2. The proxy sensor issue where phone immediately goes dark during a phone call even if I am not near the phone.From the little research I have done, the above two problems are very common issue and have no resolution. And I have contacted Nokia, and these issues are not even covered in warranty.I am very disappointed. I will go get myself a new phone after 4-5 month use of Lumia 920.

This is excellent. I love it and it is just the kind of phone i have been longing for. You cannot beat the physical look. It is superb and has everything you ever want in a phone. NOKIA for life

Great! I loved it :)I like how it processes functions, how it looks, screen is wonderful and even better than iphone 5's screen no argument. Apple are pioneers in smart phones yes, but NOKIA is getting there strongly.

I'm not going to write 10 paragraphs, but this phone is great. Its super easy to use, fun, super fast and I love that it has internet sharing. I use it for my smart tv.

I love this phone, it is good and faster.Easy to use, I would recommendt it for everybody and anybody!I am inlove with my Nokia, perfect!

The design is pretty cool but other than that the phone is a piece of crap; after plugging in some earphones to listen music the sound and the speaker stopped working, troubleshooting the issue I found that many people are having the same issue and that Nokia, Windows or AT&T; are not doing anything about it to fix the problem.hopefully I can get a replacement or at least have it repaired. I do not recommend this specific model at all, perhaps other models are ok but I will not buy a WP anymore.Hope this works for other people thinking about buying this crap phone.

Switched over from the iPhone and am extremely and pleasantly surprised with this phone so far.  Very fun and user friendly.  The only thing I don't like about it is the Windows Marketplace, which isn't as good as the Apple Store and how large it is.  Much bigger than I imagined it would be.

I hate this phone, if i know windows 7 os mobile not supporting most of Apps like Viber, line ect. i never waste my money. so be carefull never buy windows phone.

This is my second L900, I sold the first one with a good margin and inmediately bought the same model as I'm convinced this covers my needs.I'm impressed with the attention from the seller (MobileTronix), they shipped my order inmediately even when I ordered near COB. Item arrived two days later without any issues or unwanted details. On the contrary, they even included a car charger and a case.Phone is properly unlocked (as advertised), brand new, AT&T; branded (nothing's perfect, right?) and it got earphones even! (the first one included only the charger).I'm very satisfied with what I got for my money.

Really nice for its price and function efficiently. Its battery last for a long time. it has nice sensitive touch screen. Above all, it is fabulous

I'd been a wm fan since win ce - wm6 then I switched to something else. I used to love wm so much for its apps availability & freedom. This one is a little disappointed to me for my apps choice.If you were spoiled by BB or iOS, you're not going to like this thing.Else,The good: sexy and fast, good cameraThe bad: Battery life sucks so bad. It only last me for a day, so if you plan on going somewhere without power source, please bring another phone as a back up.

I owned this phone and there's a glitch, water range but beside that i love it i just ran it over with my snowboard and it has a scratch and it works fine, no sd card im going to stay with Nokia i have the windows 7.5 but waiting for the 7.8 will be soon. I live it and i had a iPhone up to a 4 and a couple of androids.... This phone takes a beating and all the scratches go away fast.

I am not a fan of this product and had to return it due to the fact that the first time, the phone was not truly unlocked, and the second phone I received could not hook on to t-mobiles 4g Internet network. I ended up paying the return shipping for the phone. Very unhappy. I would not recommend this item for someone other than an AT&T user.

Es un excelente aparato cumple con los requerimiento que yo necesito es un  equipo muy bueno lo recomiendo ,Gracias Buenas Noches

I have no idea how good or how bad the phone performed. The Add that you had in your system was unclear and did not state clearly that you could not use it with Verizon. Just put which phone service that your products can be used with. It is stupid to make that information not available.So my review is based on your company falsely stating that the phone was unlocked.And I was aware of the fact that Verizon use CDMA vs what every ATT and other use.

I was good at that price, It works well but if you have been using Android, you need to go through manual 1st bse this is Window Operated smartphone, it has some differences.Enough space for storage, but its skin(glass and housing) gets dirty  quickly

I want anyone to buy from this seller, make deals, and if the price goes up, do not send the goods .. is a malicious and vile person ... no one can give anything buying him this person as the goods will not Directions .... and it's not about the money, but because you told and the person you are going to give thought to do what ...

SOUND QUALITY IS POOR. THE PHONE SEEMS TO BE BRAND NEW. THE PHONE IS UNLOCKED  BUT DUE TO THIS MODEL(AT&T) LUMIA 900 MY PROVIDER (T-MOBILE) WAS NOT ABLE TO MAKE THE PHONE RECEIVED OR SEND PICTURE MESSAGE. BUT THE CAMERA ON THIS PHONE IS GOOD. I RETURNED THE PHONE AND WILL RATE EXPERIENCE WITH THE SELLER SOON.

I purchased it from TABLET DISTRIBUTORS and really disappointed. This phone is defective, mike, speaker doesn't work. battery life is extremely low and phone reset on its own.

I did a fair amount of research and finally I made the right decision to go for this Nokia 900. Actually an IT friend who ordered this Nokia for his IT Department workers recommended this Cellular phone to me after I told him what features I was looking for. I really enjoy using this phone especially the Windows based software. Ideal for storing the information that I require and very user friendly.It is an ideal travel companion.There will be many occasions where I would not need my normal camera as this cell takes excellent photos and stores them easily. I will not hesitate to recommend this unit to anyone, especially as it is very cost competitiveness.

The phone came without earphone and it is NOT factory unlocked!!!! I really want my money back. Don't buy it!!

i CAN NOT UNDERSTAND WHY I WILL ORDER FOR AN ITEM WHICH IS TAGGED FACTORY UNLOCKED AND WHEN I EVENTEUALLY RECEIVE IT, IT IS A LOCKED PHONE. AM SERIOULY DISAPPOINTED IN THE ITEM AM SEARCHING HERE HOW TO GET THE UNLOCK CODE... HELP OUT IF YOU WISH. I HAVE HAD SERIES OF PHONE TAGGED UNLOCKED AND YET I RECEIVE LOCKED PHONES AND AGAIN INCOMPLETE PACKAGE LIKE THE CD AND EARPIECE ARE MISSING. EVEN THE MEMORY CARD OF ITEMS ARE ALWAYS NOT INCLUDED. WHY??????????????????

I bought the Lumia 900 on AT&T; when it first came out.Likes:Operating system. It's easy to use and responsive.Battery life. Goes on and on.Screen.  It's bright and big.Dislikes:Operating system.  This phone has the old Windows phone 7 or 7.5.Apps.  There are not a whole lot out there.  And there are few if any new ones.  Whenever I go to the 'Store,' I see the same old dog apps that have been there for the last 1 1/2 years.Camera.  The camera initially worked well, but the lens has become cloudy - and I've taken good care of this phone. As a result it is unusable. Not only are pictures and videos no longer possible, but the phone's scan capability has been rendered useless.  I can no longer scan bar codes for price checks.I'm stuck with this thing for another 7 months till my 2 year contract is up.What a disappointment!  Not so much Microsoft's phone system, but Nokia's product quality.

BEAUTIFUL THE PHONE AND SOLVED THE PROBLEM WITH THE RELEASE ... RESPONSIBLE PEOPLE FORM VERY VERY FAST AND EASY RESOLVED THE PROBLEM THE THANK RECOMMEND

Hvac80 is a professional online trader. We have settled the difference amicably and I would like to do more business with him in the future.

i dislike the phone which i got ///  is there any possibility of exchanging my phone//  if so it would be appreciated///I TRUSTED AMAZON BUT, I GOT AN USELESS PHONE .. ITS WORKING PROPERLY

very good

I give the five star rating, because what I saw in the catalog was actually what I was sent, I liked the performance on the date of delivery and recommend this product and seller. It is an excellent product to recommend.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE; it is not factory unlocked as advertised. the phone came before time and i was excited tot try it, but i was really disappointed, the screen sense of touch is too slow. even slower than most older touch screen phones. the wifi does work only in some places i don't know the reason of that. even at home i can't get it to work. the apps are so poor. the phone is not factory unlocked. it is an AT&T unlocked phone, so good luck if you wanna make it work under T-Mobile or similar networks. i don't really see why the seller need to lie in his add since the Phone has the logo of AT&T on it and all the Apps that AT&T instal in there phones, also good luck if you wanna remove AT&T apps. plus i bought this phone as new, and i received a used one. i am returning this phone today.

The worse cell phone which i have had before, the phone works very slowly also internet works slowly too. N

I wanted to like it, I really did. I just purchased a new Win8 computer and figured I would upgrade my phone to the Lumia 920 in the spirit of homogeneity. Let me tell you that doing so was a HORRIBLE idea - where to start.Weight - this brick, I mean phone,  tips the scales at a cool 185 grams, compared to the 133 gram Galaxy S3 or 140 gram iPhone 4S. When asked why it weighed so much, the salesman told me it was because the phone is made from the same composite as is astronaut helmets.  Nice - I can now sleep better knowing that if the Mayans are right, at least my Lumia 920 is prepared for its journey through the cosmos.To all my skinny jean wearing hipsters, you and this phone simply cannot be - the sheer size and mass of it make it a nightmare to carry in regular sized pants, I can't even imagine the kind of dances you'll do to get the Lumia in and out of your jeggings pockets. This brick could be a safety hazard if one of these crazy youths tries to rob me on his way to Hot Topic, though my Lumia could possibly double as a shield, or even a weapon if I decided to shotput at my assailant.Onto the UI - wow, anyone who says the apps are incredible must be kidding. Moving past the fact that google refuses to create apps for the Win8 OS, none of the apps that are built for this phone are designed by their actual developers. Facebook is a Microsoft app, Whatsapp doesn't even exist, the Pandora app is a blog about the music on Pandora - sweet, nothing satiates my hunger for The Jonas Brothers or Biggie Smalls like the words of Joe and Jane Smith as they opine on hottest 1950's Christmas album. What few games they do have, i.e. angry birds, looks like they have been shrunk down from a tv screen onto my phone. The aspect ratio is atrocious, not to mention that for me to download anything, I have to use my Hotmail account that I opened and retired when I was in fifth grade - which may be a real selling point for the hipsters as eclectic/old school schwag is all the rage these days.As per the screen size ... the phone may be huge but a good portion of it is cannibalized by the bezel , again probably some brilliant innovation necessary to make the phone more functional as I use it to fend off attacks but not when I want to compose documents in MS office, which is a function I will NEVER use on my phone.But our friends at Nokia were smart enough to include a wireless charger, this was a HUGE plus, I find that plugging my phone into the wall while I sleep at night is cumbersome AND tedious. Corded phones chargers are so 2010 - what are we still using the rotary phones here? Think of all the extra things I can do now that I don't have to plug my brick into the wall! At about 6 hours of battery life, I know that whatever charging device I get is going to get plenty of love.So that's it, this phone is horrible. Anyone who says otherwise is either crazy, or is finally making the upgrade from their Razor flip phone. Keep up the good work Nokia, you've successfully kept old school by giving us those old school features we expected in 2005.

&#304; bought this phone last week. first it's AT&T device but unlock you can use by any simcart second it's not in the orginal box third Phone is not in the original cover. cover was only plastic. fourth you can not update to windows phone 7.8 because at&t is not supporting yet. Seller didn't say anything about AT&T i was thinking its a brand new original ( to everything ) device but this is only device one reason for buy, price is very less.

I had the Nokia Lumia 900 2 weeks before a line appeared down the middle of the screen and every call from that point forward had an echo.  I contacted this Seller to see if they would let me exchange the phone for one that works.  They refused.  I will never purchase from this Seller again.

The product was supplied on schedule.My reservation for this Product is that IS NOT fully FACTORY UNLOCKED! Some functions (BLUETOOTH, INTERNET SHARING) are not working, they are locked to &#34;att.com&#34;The product is very good and has become a mobile office of a sort for me, within the very short period I own it!I recommend the genuinely FACTORY UNLOCKED to all international buyers outside United State of America.

received the equipment and never lit, I thought it came fully discharged and discarded with other chargers actually burnt wine team, plus it did not bring handsfree or a user's manual, I am very upset about the teasing after me to trust in you

this phone is defective it doesn't work any comes messed up I can't believe I paid for this crap.it broke down on me the first day I got it and I had to send it to a repair shop..this phone is literally no good please be aware of it.and the sender is crap I got it from a bull crap sender

the product sold to me is very faulty. I haven't been able to charge it since I bought it. I am very disappointed cos I bought it as a gift for someone.

The phone is not unlocked. It is from at&t. I cant get it to work with another carrier. I am feeling so disapointed.  How can i do it?

I just bought this phone a few weeks ago and it is gorgeous. The screen just blew me away and the OS is very fast and user friendly. This is the first time I try a Windows phone and I have to say that it's been a wonderful experience.

With practically nothing running in the background--no apps, no wifi, no bluetooth, no live tiles, nothing, and very light to light use (one or two phone calls a day and that too for not more than 10 mins per call and two or three text messages a day), the battery drain is significant. average battery life is 12-14 hours.So before you buy a Lumia 900 you must carefully think about the battery drain even if the phone is sitting idle.

I picked up this phone last Friday and everything about it has been amazing. I have been an iPhone users for the past 6 years and have grown tired of being locked into Apple's ecosystem. I enjoy the 920 very much and that camera is truly amazing. Definitely a great buy!!

I have received the Damaged piece with Mike and Speaker problem from CELL LAUNGE and without knowing it I havegifted it to someone outside of US.  Later I came to know that it wasn't working and I started approaching the Amazon and Cell Launge.  But they said that they can't accept returns fron any other country other than US.  But I expect either Cell Launge has to accept it or if Cell launge's presense wasn't there and Amazon exists then has to accept on their behalf.

First of all the delivery of the product was late. Coming to the device, Phone looks as if it is being refurbished by the seller. Nothing else comes with it, just a phone and a charger. Not to mention a pathetic packaging.Lumia 900 is an old product now and unless you are a lumia freak and money is a constraint for buying unlocked lumia 920, I wouldn't recommend anyone buying this phone while plethora of other phones available in market.

This is a steal at $188 and similar feature worse looking Samsung selling at more then $300 at least.. It was a no brainier for me and I loved the value i got from this buy... Windows apps are smooth and I have all the apps I need.. People should not have complains that there are not enough apps on windows...The build quality is awesome and looks bettering hand even compared to iPhone 5 that looks cheap..

Nokia is Nokia, good performance, battery, front camera back cameraI get a new package time chose the colorrecommend for those who need a windows phone midrange because it brings the version of windows phone 7.8

I just got the Nokia 920 with Windows 8 and was super excited to use the new interface and work with the phone because there had been so many good reviews.  But then we did a comparison up against the iPhone 5 and the Nokia bombed.  Pictures from iPhone much sharper.  The streaming interface for Netflix on iPhone much better (on the same network).  The calendar (now this is a software not a hardware issue) was difficult to use - I use a lot of calendar functionality.  Now it was much cheaper than the iPhone for sure and the Windows 8 UI is awesome - so much better than iPhone.  But if you need pictures to be crisp and good and need slick video - iPhone, iPhone, iPhone - but if you want to spend a little less and have less apps but have nice integration with outlook and xBox - definitely get this phone.  Oh also we noticed after working with the phone for awhile it really started to get hot.  I am taking it back to ATT today - only had it for one day - I'm sad now.

it was defective. charge can not last for even one hour. the device was too big and heavy for me. functions were not user friendly. I didnt like it at all..

Let me start with the good, the camera and the apps are good.  However, his phone is a fluke. I began to use this phone just over a month ago and several times the phone just  freeze up and power off like it has a mind of its own.  Today, for more than two minutes, I could not tell what was happening, the screen was black it would not turn on even though I did not turn it off. Then it powered back on all by itself.  I bought this phone unlocked so I could use it without a contract. I think it is still connected to AT&T because the carrier I am with is unable to unlock the section where I can get picture text. I would not buy another one since AT&T seems to have a monopoly on them.  I was wondering if I can go into their store so they can tell me how to unlock the picture text part of it. I believe it would be better to buy a phone that is not connected to any carrier and there would be no problem.  I get drop calls in places where people with the same carrier doesn't them so I have to blame the phone. Because of all the problems I have with this phone, I would not recommend it to anyone unless I just happen to get one with a fault. The reason I bought it, is because I love the Nokia brand because they are usually last longer than others but now I have second thoughts about them.

Not a bad phone overall. Windows still has a ways to come. Still impressed even though it's an older phone.

The phone is defective, there is a problem with the phone voice receiver.When I Call someone using this phone when getting a lot of disturbance.the headset given with this are not working properly

excellent fast and very efficient phone camera sometimes distorted can not fix it and I had to sell but to rest well

College students tend to forget their papers at home and turn up to class empty handed but with this phone you can do all of that (except print from it) I myself dont forget my stuff but it is always good to be prepared. I simply love this phone because I like sturdy things and this phone feel indestructible! I have dropped it twice already and I dont even have any scratches on it!

This is an AT&T phone so some of the features couldn't work. This is not a Factory unlocked phone. You can make and receive calls with it but nothing more.

Just received my phone yesterday...and I love it!! It arrived on time which is a plus and was fully charged. Slipped in an AT&T micro sim and I'm up and running with no problems. For anyone wanting this phone it's best to check out Youtube first for a full reviews on the phone before buying. I also clicked on the seller's reviews as well to see what I might expect, and I had no problems with them either. I was skeptical at first to purchase this phone due to the bad reviews. But after taking the time to actually sit and watch the reviews I knew what I was getting before it got here. Even still I didn't expect this phone to be as nice as it is. I got home last night and it was in my box and I haven't been able to put it down yet!!! The only thing I didn't like though was having to use Zune for my music player, not a deal breaker though. Love how Facebook is integrated, I really don't have to download the app to access it. All in all this has been a great experience purchasing my first unlocked phone!!!

everything is top notch. The built quality, hardware, camera, fluid UI, and a great software experience.Only short coming is that it has fewer apps than iOS or Android, but all the significant ones are there.

Nokia Lumia 900 Black Factory Unlocked is good just i have one note , it is not factory unlocked it is unlocked by AT&T but work with all sim cards .

The phone came bad, every time you activate the bing search like voice commands, update and restoration factory defaults and nothing remains the same desepcionado of this purchase.

This device is really amazing, with lot of possibilities. It has a very speedy access to every connection demands. I am very satisfied with it.

muy bueno excelente equipo con todas sus funciones c&aacute;mara excelente conectibidad excelente muy buen tel&eacute;fono y el precio muy bueno

This is totally frustating as though I have paid for the new one and extra shipping cost it arrived at me as a used one which is contradictory with the add heading.  Now I have wait without any cell because of this rubbish.

Excellent product. I'm in Venezuela and I received my phone before the expected arrival date and in excellent condition. The cell  it's really Unlocke. It has wonderful Nokia apps already installed. It's the best phone I've ever has. Thankssss

buy this phone thinking it was unlocked it is has the logo of AT & T, This is a scam. NEEDED AS RELEASED, cheated me .....

Every thing else is perfect but i was really disappointed with the market place for not having most of the common top apps.. If you are a heavy gamer too then this phone is not for you. But other features are great

perfect product.but take note that its an AT&T; branded unlock phone which is not stated on the product description.I live in Abuja Nigeria and its a superb phone for adriod and BB users.my biggest setback is I cant transfer my important/official sms messages from my long used Nokia N95 8G phone to this phone.Overall , I'm very satisfied.

First the device is not factory unlocked, is simply a A & TT unlocked with a box that is not original with just a charger. Second and more important the device is not working no sound function And do not even listen when I speak or I speak. I totally disappointed. It seems a telephone rebuilt and not new. I want my money back. Charger

I recently purchase this phone from this seller. but it is locked to at&t; and shipping package doest not have any acceseries associated with this phone except charger ie not headset, sim ejecting tool, manual, no warranty and nothing.It is used phone. i advice not to buy this item.

When I first got this phone I was really excited after hearing so many good things about it and all the nice features it has. However it's had a lot of problems and the store I bought it from on Amazon made it out to be a product made for the U.S. but it wasn't. As such there was no warranty on my phone and when it started having a lot of problems I had to return it. Amazon was really helpful in this as it was a couple months past the return date and they still gave me a partial refund.Nice Features:Camera: I love this camera. Takes beautiful pics especially up close photos with the macro setting. Colors always come out perfect in the daytime, but in any low light the colors come out really off.User Friendly: I do really like this about the phone. The tiles are fun and easy to use. I really liked the ability to shrink some of the tiles so that you could fit 4 in the place of a big tile, but this quit working on my phone after I was forced to restore it.Dislikes:Windows ''Marketplace:'' As windows is just starting out there aren't really any good apps. There's no good map app for one.Cold weather: This bugs me to no end. Any temperature below 60 degrees causes the phone to black out on the bottom half of the screen. If it's anywhere near 60 dark lines show up on the screen. You can still use the phone if you know where to click, but the blackened part is all pixely and it takes forever for it to go back to normal.Text/Pic Messaging: I bought this phone to use with Net10. I had to search around everywhere to find the correct codes to enter to get text and pic messaging to work but I finally found them. It worked for a couple months but then it just stopped working. I could send and receive texts, but I could only receive pics, I couldn't send them. It was really frustrating since Net10 technically doesn't &#34;guarantee'' pic messaging so they wouldn't help me.Overall, I was really looking forward to this phone, but it's really disappointing how much quit working. I don't know if just my phone is defective or if this has happened with a lot of people. But it really wasn't worth the money I just wish I would've figured it out while I could still get all my money back.

I can say I was truely deceived. The phone was described as Factory Unlocked but I was shocked to discover that the phone is locked even as I write this review. I wrote to Amazon and they gave me back $25 for each of the phone for me to unlock it in my local. The issue  is that I have not been able to do that.

a really a bad phone!  Tellme&#34; speek feature lauches for no reason!!!!!!! Search lauches for no reason !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! not even can earn one star!

granite its a good phone but it lacks tons of apps and games.. o only use yahoo mail, Facebook and youtube and it has them but i was not satisfied with the windows store at all

it has been locked again i think as was not promised. so not good i strongly oppose this seller so

This phone is fake. People don't buy it. This is a good fake but it is fact it is fake.It is not original Nokia lumia 900 seems like it's china's fake.  Be careful People dont buy it.

This phone is excellent. It was a Christmas present and arrived very quickly. Much faster than I anticipated. It was in perfect condition. Very pleased!

The phone came in a small box that was marked with a fake AT&T logo and it has no OEM packaging nor the booklet that contains the SIM chip, the instructions on how to operate the phone, put in the memory chip, etc.  On the inside of the box it says&#34; The cellular phone contained herein DID NOT emanate from the OEM, and no representations nor warranties are made as to the source of the origin.  But in the ad I bought from, it said that the phone is NEW, FACTORY UNLOCKED.  Hmmm, curious.  Then the phone MAY be used or new or a refurbished model restored to operable condition.  Bottom line.... is this a NEW PHONE with a valid AT&T / Nokia warranty?  The ad doesn't say any of this other stuff / B.S. in it.  That's unfair.  I like buying from Amazon too.  I will try the phone out since it just got here today on 29 JAN 2013.  But I'm worried.... is their a &#34;CARFAX&#34; for cellular phones?  :(

It keep charge only for 2 days if you use it fair...some software are not well supported the rest is okay..CHARGE IS THE BIG PROBLEM

fantastic

It is not fully unlocked. Nokia and Amazon should look at this. I feel being cheated. Returning it wont be easy as I live out of USA

The phone didn't charge since day 1. It was very dissapointing receive a phone that does not charge and that it says factory unlocked but as in reallity is only an AT&T unlocked cell, it even seemed refurbished, I wouldn't never buy from this supplier ever.

Switch to Lumia is the new logo from Nokia and you should not wait to do it.WP is a Great OS, i even dare to said is way much better then iOs or Android, it is not only friendly and easy to use but also have a more elegant and modern presentation. This device comes with the version 7.8 which is like using the new Windows Phone 8, so you do not have to worry about the updates.About the hardware: It is an amazing device, in this range of prices you would not find anything better.I am using it in Costa Rica with Kolbi operator and it works like a charm!100% recomended!

I have received my order but I was amazed to discovered that the ear piece was missing. Please I want to know the reason why the ear piece did not came with the Nokia Lumia 900 because the description of the product says its a new product

The phone was and still is great. I am happy I purchased it. I will be back for other needs.

the phone has a dent and wouldn't even charge! 718 phone customer service was horrible when it comes to return!

I sincerely  apologize for my previous review regarding the phone been unlock, I was at first having problem using it with a different carrier. Just figured it was actually me not turning if off/on when switching to a different carrier. So am sorry for that review and hoping to more business with you. Thank you!

The phone is overheating.  Added to that, it has to be charged very often, like every 2 hours or so.  I would appreciate it if someone can tell me how this situation can be rectified.  Can I have it returned and/or replaced?  Please advise me soonest.

open group wireless sells defective electronics! my battery died in this phone in less than 3 months. buy from anyone else

It's a decent phone with a good camera.  I've enjoyed the operating system as a change of pace from iOS and Android... if I were rating just the phone, I would probably give it a 3 1/2.  Unfortunately, I have to give it a lower score than that because of the deceptive marketing on this item.  The phone I received was not unlocked, and on closer inspection has AT&T branding.  I bought it from DailyCelluar, and I believe that they intentionally lied to me to scam me out of additional money.  I would leave this negative review with them, except that too much time has elapsed for me to do that.

Bought this for a colleague at work, and it malfunctioned out of the box. There was no audio from the receiver, like it was stuck in headphone mode. You had to pinch the top part very hard for it to function normally. Phone was sent back and a gift certificate was issued.

They said its new but I found scratch on back. Even when I made call I couldn't hung it. Its horrible experience.

I was disappointed because the items were not new  they were used  even though amazon stated it was new . The phone was to expensive it should of been new

First of all, if you have a few hundred bucks to spend on a mobile phone, please do yourself a favor and buy a phone that does not irritate you every time you use it. When you try to use the phone (taking pictures, sending an sms, watching a video), it either flips to the bing search engine or tellme (Nokia's version of SIRI) pops up or the screen is minimized automatically. All three of them are annoying and render the other features of the phone useless (although I must say tellme is the most irritating). I have researched the problem and it is not an isolated case. Hundreds of other customers apparently have the same problem (check out the nokia forum [...]) The bad news is that there seems to be no solutions to these problems (although some people have reported that using headphones will make these problems go away). In any case, my next phone is definitely going to be another brand. I suggest you do the same.

this is a great phone i have no complaints and it arrived pretty fast to if you buy this nokia you wont be disappointed plus first time trying the wp7 and I think is pretty good to.

I hate this telephone because I expected to be able to sync with my Microsoft Outlook.  I do not like the fact that it only synced with Hotmail.  I don't really use my hotmail account. I use my other accounts for professional uses.  I really expected to get more out of this telephone but was really disappointed.The telephone however, did arrive on time and in great condition.

as expected even better than I thought, thank you .. very good quality product ... thanks for fulfilling my expectations .. great phone i love it...

I am loving this phone. I am not much of a tech guy. So i am slow to learn alot of features the phone has, but then instruction are in plain speak. Thank you.

I thought I was getting a good deal with this phone, that being the only reason I spent so much money on it. But as I began to use my phone more and more it started to glitch on me. This started happening as early as three weeks from the first time I used it. Since then I've had to reboot it three times, the Bing button keeps popping up even though I am not hitting it at all. I'll have it rotated to avoid that and it still happens. The same thing happens with the voice command. The sound won't come off so when it happens in class my phone is always the loudest thing and it wont turn off until I tell it cancel or find another way to cancel it. My screen has frozen, the camera button doesn't always work and I'm tired off yelling at my phone to cancel the multiple times it throws the voice command at me. I've counted more than ten times its repeated the voice command consequitively without me touching the key. This phone is not worth it. I wish I had returned it early but I thought it was something that would work itself out somehow. I was being too optimistic.

The phone belongs to the phone company at & t is true is unlocked, but it comes from the factory as stated in the publication, I want to note that in the last comment I forgot to post that the phone did not bring the handsfree, so it seems to me very the publication distasteful that place. for this reason I do not recommend the store.

Its an excellent pohone, i had a windows phone Samsung focus, an this nokia is wow,,,, is just excellent in eevery aspect, battery life, camera, sound, image, phone quality, and a super plus is the higher quantity and quality of nokia apps for windows phone.

Buy a cell  phone factory  unlocked lumia 900 and sent me an unlocked at&t which is limited un its functions as internet sharing

good morning, sorry wanted to charge the product number order # 108-2608509-7165038 and I have it in my hands, I find the option to pay again. do not understand why they do not charge the product. greetings before hand.

Tell you my story of the Nokia Lumia 900:I order the Lumia 900 unlocked on Amazon, 3days later I received the phone, and I found it's not unlocked but limited to AT&T.; Then I contact the seller, they said they can replace it for me. So I returned the phone back to them. After waiting for more than 4 weeks, I got the replaced  one, which is till limited to AT&T.; But the phone is very good, I think it's much better than Iphone.

I bought the "Unlocked" Lumia 900, but when the product arrived it wasn't. I try to search for a un unlock code somwhere in the invoice or any paper that came with the Cellphone. Finally I had to buy a unlock code over the internet.

i don't know if its unlocked yet caused i  haven't cut my reagular sim card to fit in it yet ..... this phone came with every accserories it even came with the original at&t box manuals and every thing the at&t box wasn't even open until i did nothing wrong with phone and i love it

The phone is used and was not unlockedI have to unlocked the phone and cut my card.Best regards

soooo ... I had this phone for about 6 months ...compare to my previous android phone, it is simple and easy to use. Windows Phone operating system seems to work more flawlessly than android. (really??? how??)this phone uses a single core processor (supposedly 4 times slower processor), and 512MB RAM (again supposedly 4 times less RAM), but still works more flawlessly than my older android phone (which had better hardware) and android tablet.I am an engineer and a computer geek, but not a phone guru ... I am not a code or application developer :) All I want is a phone that does not get stuck, allows me to check my emails, some simple apps and perhaps games. For all these purposes it works just fine :)Sure it is not an iphone, but it works fine and cost much less  :)I have been a big nokia fan for a long time. I would prefer the old symbian OS, but it is very old ... does not have a lot of applications etc.Would I recommend windows phone to others?  definitely!!!Android phones need quad core processors, and 2GB ram because the operating system is not coded/written elegantly ... thus it needs more processing power to run it, and will probably use more battery power.Why most phone companies go with android then??? well ... it is an older OS ... they simply go with what the most common OS is ...Anyway ... I highly recommend windows OS ... sure it does not have 800 billion apps out there ... but do you really need 10 different versions of angry birds on your phone  :)

I am very unhappy with the camera and that is the whole reason I bought it :( I wish I had bought anything else.

I have network problems then it will fix itself then resume again,also I cannot send picture messages even after updating the phone bu it is a nice phone for making calls and taking pictures

This phone works better than my original refurbished phone from ATT. This phone is a game changer.  It's basically Star Trek in a pocket device.

excellent product, good performance, I would like to change the size of the letters and to allow simultaneous work with two lines

Great Customer service and let me return the phone.  But I had issues with the speaker I had to purchase an ear piece just to be able to talk to someone on the other line.  I had to keep shutting the phone off because it kept freezing up.  Just was not what I expected on the phone for the price and quality.

First, the phone is unlocked, however the one I received was branded with AT&T.;  The phone works great on Net10 (once the settings are figured out, took some time online).Pros: Phone was received 2 days after placing order.  Windows OS is smooth, clean and works.  Previous phone was Android on Sprint.  The call quality is clear as can be. Camera takes very good 8mp photos.  Apps in the market are made for Windows OS so they work.  No bloat ware (there were a few programs pre-installed from AT&T;, however these can be uninstalled).Cons: No external storage (knew this before I bought it), app market is smaller than Android's (but how many of those apps are duplicates).  The only real con I can think of is the placement of the USB charging port, it's on the top of the phone, but not a deal breaker and I'm sure I'll get used to it.

I recieved my phone and it came in a cushioned envelope the phone could've been broken. I emailed their customer service representives to inquire about the phone, because I was unable to use the data plan for the phone. I received a email that said and I quote &#34;Hello, This phone is unlocked already you may have to get an updated sim from your carrier in order for all functions to work. Please send me a return request if you would still like to return the phone. Best Regards, Tech Addicts. &#34; No other help I'm sure this isn't the first time that this has happened and why wouldn't I have a new SIM card. Well the answer was to download a program called Network Setup (it's free) and run it and your phone should work perfectly. It can be found in the marketplace.

Don't you guys ever buy any phone from this company , they will see you used phone  and its a all defective . i bought one and when i received it in the mail the box was looking old . and it have only charger no , headphone nothing . and it has problem of voice rebounding so i told them to changed it for me and they send another one . but i didn't open the box. i only open the package , i didn't open the box because the seal of the box looks already open and the box look used ,

First the phone was locked while the description said unlockedSecond i gifted this phone to someone . The phone started to go on sleep every 5 minutes. I had terrible experience shopping here specially with this seller. Never recommend to anybodyReturn window also expired as i givfted 2 months later in some other country.

This phone is wonderful, Nokia ride on give us more. i plead with the manufacturer to allow windows 7 phones upgrade to windows 8 when its released. Thanks

I bought the nokia lumia under the impression it was unlocked just to get out of town and present it to the reciept to realise it was not unlocked. i spent an extra 100 dollars to unlock it. I would advise you stay away from these people. They dont seem to be doing genuine business. Nokia lumia is a great phone but this company is not.

the product was delivered in time - that's about the most impressive thing about the purchase. my obvious disappointment was the fact that there was no quick guide manual, ear piece, and a sim card lock key that was supposed to be in the box. i had no clue where to insert the simcard. i finally gave up the search and googled that information. i used a ball-pen to open and unfortunately for me the tip got stuck in there and the ink leaked. I guess the fault was mine except the seller could have spared me if they included a quick guide and the lock.Otherwise the phone was beautiful and came in a pristine order

The phone indeed was FULLY UNLOCKED and it was 100% brand new. Delivered as promised in pristine condition. Ran the new windows 7.8 update successfully with issues at all. Also the after sales service provided by orderinstant(USA) is just great and I would recommend this phone and the store 100%.

Nokia lumia 900 not detecting SIM in india.....not sure why .....I installed micro SIM but not working...Can any one suggest ..

huge ATT mark exist. cannot read tmobile sim card. not factory unlocked, not even unlockednot factory unlocked, not even unlocked

Now I know why the iPhone has the best UI, it's simple, it works and doesn't dial by itself. The phone is sleek, comes with a mini USB slot. The camera has a reddish hue when taking pictures, has the usual digital lag during snaps. I'm back to my iPhone for a while.

it say its factory unlock its not true i bought this phone and it isnt unlocked. that the only pb... i recommend it

I purchased this phone on November 6 2013.  Finished a phone call and set the phone down on a table, the battery life was about half full.  The phone shut itself off and I have not been able to turn it back on since.  I tried to charge it but nothing happens when I plug it in. I also did a soft reset and a hard reset and the phone still will not turn on.

Just great!

I bought the phone in september, it was working very well, and last sunday i didn't have my charger so the phone turn off, when i got home it started to turn on but for my bad luck it got stuck on the AT&T Logo, and i had done a lot of things to revive it, but it doesn't work, it is an ashame for NOKIA!

Looks like this is not new phone.Cons:.1. Checked usage,this phone was already used for 16 hours2. Came with HTC phone charger3. Any Video playing get dropped after few minutes.Pros:1.Although i liked Windows OS ,i felt better than Andriod or iphone at user experience and user friendlyI would buy this phone for Windows OS and for build quality, but did not like because limited Apps, camera and video player...Windows should work on competing android and iphone apps then this may go beyond those OSs...And Nokia to come with better quality camera and Video playing..

I just bought this phone a few weeks ago and it is gorgeous. The screen just blew me away and the OS is very fast and user friendly. This is the first time I try a Windows phone and I have to say that it's been a wonderful experience. From now on I'll just use Windows phone for my daily use. My next gadget will be Nokia Lumia 920. I just can't look foward for this phone to hit the market.

The phone got to my home at the best time thank youBut I thought it was a good for as a gift but my wife did not no how to use itSo she will stay with her Samsung but you yuys are best

It sure was worth for the money I paid. Surely passable for a new mobile - but not with hands down.. The AT&T stuffs are still in there.. But who cares as long as we don't use them.. Definitely user friendly.. No usb connector in the box..(It was not promised , but still it is a necessity)

I enjoyed this phone for the 40 days I had it until it suddenly went blank and the battery refused to charge and showed a red bar. So I am stuck with a phone that does not work.

Where i Began, the box was not the proper one for this phone as promised, did not bring all accessories like nokia key,nokia charger and data cable. Besides when charged it did not work, the battery ran out and lasted only few minutes just like others customers said. And of course it is NOT FACTORY UNLOCKEDI am not happy with the product and the sellerRealmente estoy muy decepcoinado, he comprador muchas cosas por amazon y esta es la primera vez que algo asi me pasa.

only reason i gave two star is because 1: its new 2: it works with my network (t-mobile) 3: it came on time. bad things are for the money i spent i thought it would be a new (not Refurbish) factory (From Nokia, not ATT). i know it's refurbish because of the box it in it. the box is a plain att box with no picture of the phone or imei/barcode on the box. also the plastic covering on the phone is has some bubbles that I can really notice.

First of all 5 stars to the Lumia 900. There are plenty of strong reviews out there so I won't bother.But as of early August, 2012 Nokia does not offer a unlocked Lumia 900 to the US market. So ANY phone you get is likely imported, and therefore will only have a warranty in the phones country of origin. Hopefully this is the only downside, I spoke with 4 Nokia reps to try and get all my questions answered. Hardware and software wise... they seem to be and was told that they are identical.Just an FYI.

Shuts down all the tine. Took it many nokia service people and told me problem with battery. Have not used lumia 900 since i bought it because of problem

I purchased my Lumia 900 from Mobile Tronix. I was concerned at first about the low cost, but after a couple of emails to them, went ahead and ordered. When I got the phone it was in a Nokia box with charger and headphones. The 900 was brand completely new though I was a bit worried at first when I saw the T&T logo in the top right corner. Even more so when on starting up it was all "T&T". but as soon as I tried it out it was truly unlocked. After deleting all the contract stuff I now have my own personalised Lumia 900 and am so very pleased with it.

This phone is too bad.1. It gets hang now and then for no reason and then I have restart to reuse it again.2. Headphone sound gets uncontrollably loud if I install more apps then what it could handle.3. I have reset this phone almost 10-15 times.4. Very limited apps.

They say its a clearance sale. But its not even 2 month the screen isn't working this is the second time i am facing problems with this product.....

This product is has cons and pros of course. I of course hated it. It barely has apps unlike the apple and samsung products. Also, the touch buttons glitch very often. when i tap the home button, it opens up the voice command.... Another example of a glitch. for example, im watching a youtube video, and the search randomly pops up without me pressing it... Hated this product, definitely switching back to iphone. Dont buy it if you dont want a crap phone.

As advertised.  Phone is durable and very fast.  I would recommend this phone to allwhom want a better bang for the dollar

It has a good quality and it fits really well in your hands. It's very easy to get used to windows phone, but I think that it needs to more personalize options.

I've had my phone for about 3 1/2 weeks now, so I think it's time to write a review let me be the first to say I would give this five stars. If I didn't have to deal with as zune application constantly telling me that my phone is not connected so onto the phone review the phone is solid. It's it's a great phone. It's true what they say it does not have this many apps as the Google play store . But before you go and look for another phone from me saying that this phone. The apps that they offer for this phone actually work. They have some really fun games apps that are really useful not just a bunch of apps take up space on your phone. The icons are large to start with, you can make them smaller. If you want you can pen things to your start screen like you would any other phone because zune does not seem to want to work and I'm not the only one that seems to have this problem to the oxidation because a lot of people have the same problem. What I had to do was make my phone into a USB mass storage device that way I can drop my music over to it. I can use my phone as a music player while I'm at work. The speaker is more than decent in the battery seems to last for ever. Or I should say it will last a lot longer than most cell phones. I play with my friends iPhone just to see if I would like it before I even bought this phone to be completely honest with you I am more than happy with this phone, and I highly recommend anyone who is looking to get a solid phone that will make phone calls of course take beautiful pictures respond quickly and not have to stick it on the charger every night, then this is going to be the phone for you. I read reviews where people were saying that they didn't like the pictures that the camera took to be completely honest with you I don't know what they're talking about the pictures that my phone takes their really nice. They even have a little apps in the App Store for free where you can add light little special effects to your pictures a flashlight app calendar apps that are built into the phone already. This is a functional phone into be on you is not going to be for everyone. There's a lot of people who are canis dock on the iPhone craze that will quickly shy away from you know, a Windows phone, but I think this is phone puts iPhone to shame. Even people I work with that have iPhones keep asking me how much did my phone cost and where did I get it. And these are your iPhone is the best thing ever type of people. The one thing I'm still try to figure out and if there's anybody who can help me with this, please do is how to update my phone without using zune so once again I have to give this phone a solid five. Given that the music player application Zune doesn't seem to like to connect to computers, but I can still move my music over to my phone, so it's not enough for me to drop a star off of it . And if there's anyone who is looking into getting one of these go to your local AT&T store and grab one in touch it , fiddle around with it to figure out if you like it or not

Sorry don't know how to report this product so I'll do it here.The product description is not correct. For example, it says: "However, it does support MicroSD cards for removable flash memory space if the need arises. It is a smartphone that operates on the Android 2.3.5 operating system".NO! This uses the WINDOWS PHONE 7.5 operating system and DOES NOT support MicroSD cards.This is actually an awesome phone (that's why I didn't want to give a 1 star rating, take it as you may) and I'm a WP 7.5 user who really enjoys it but it's important that people buy based on the true information of the product. Please fix this!Edit (12/16/2012): Seems they have fixed the phones description, thank you very much.

takes some time understand the OS, but when you get it, you love it. is simple, but fabulous. everything in one place, everything is organized. orderinstant is a great seller. the phone is new, liberated from AT & T. works perfect in Venezuela. 100% recomended

Is a nice cell, good cam and have windows phone... so, if you like windows 8 you will like this!!!It's nearly to other Tops smartphones, but your price is very down!!!

Not one mark or scratch on the phone, works perfectly! Great price, great phone, fast shipping! Would recommend this phone to anyone, like it better than an iphone. Perfect for browsing net and can view all email accounts, plus pretty decent camera.

firstly, the screen is loose and always dead, I buy it last year, almost 7months ago, I am just a international student who just arrive in the US, and I don't know how to complain it. in the past 6 months , I think just let it go. But recently, So many bugs and dead!!! I think this is not a brand new phone

I bought this phone as a gift for my brother. However the product has not been working fine from the very first day. There are issues with the mic and speaker and it is impossible to listen what the other person on the phone is saying and even the other person can not listen to what I speak. I contacted Nokia and they said the product is damaged and can not be repaired. I contacted the seller for return/replacement but never heard back from them. I am really disappointed with the phone.

WARNIING - Be carefull with this seller HASSLEFREECELL - I bought a phone Nokia 900 - it doesn't have warranty in USA - Nokia didn't recognize the serial and recommended me a Technician who couldn't repair the cell - those phone are from Europe - neither Nokia can help you - I haven`t received response from the seller - he only said that I had 30 days - how can you buy something expensive without warranty neither factory warranty??????  I still have this trouble.

I was a devoted Blackberry user for the last 5 years. When the Windows phone came out I was interested, and when I won one I was thrilled! Now that I've had the chance to play with and use the Nokia 900 here are my thoughts.First, wow. This is supposed to be THE camera for those who want great pictures. YEAH RIGHT. Nearly all of my pictures turn out blurry, and if I zoom in...OH.MY.GOSH. They are truly terrible. Pixelated and just horrid. This is most definitely NOT what I expected from this phone's camera!Another huge downfall for me is the inability to choose which album my photos go to when I share them to Facebook. This is a developer issue, I believe, not necessarily the phone's issue (but maybe it is?), but it is a BIG deal to me. I don't want photos to just go to my "mobile uploads".I miss my speed-dial option. I used to have a set key to call my house and my husband's cell phone, I am unable to do this with the 900. :(I also found it too easy to change the sound for the ringtone and in-call while in your pocket (or purse) or while you are actually talking/using the phone.Another thing I dislike is the ability to change the calendar view permanently. I prefer month view, but you cannot get month view to stay on your calendar settings, only daily view and then you have to touch to see the month view. A minor annoyance, but still very cumbersome to me.The battery life is unimpressive. With minor use I go through my battery in less than 10 hours. I need a battery that lasts longer. Even with the battery saver turning on it doesn't do enough. Also, if you prefer to have a light background vs the dark background you will go through your battery even faster. Have a car charger available!Another HUGE thing is the inability to select text. I often want to copy text that is in an email and I am unable to do this with the Lumia 900. Huge disappointment and another reason I miss Blackberry. :/Things I do like... I like the Windows OS. I like the Windows 8 OS better than this 7.5 Mango, but it's not all that bad. I like the ability to have multiple alarms. I like the screen, it's large and beautiful. The touch screen is pretty accurate, and I was able to transfer from the actual qwerty keyboard to the virtual one fairly easily ( I was very tentative of this).The apps that are available are great, there are plenty of free apps that are great to have. I love that I can watch Netflix on this device! I am looking forward to trying the 920 and I am hoping some of these issues have been resolved...but for the Lumia 900 all I can say is it's "okay".

I like the mobile, but it is not 100% UNLOCKED. It has the AT&T Brand and Software. Useful to work in the USA, but not 100% functional in Mexico. I can't share wire less connection with Laptops or tablets. The mobile is slaved with AT&T. Other wise connection with my data provider is good. Signal strenght is not good as iphone 4s.The device takes great pictures and videos I love it, the quality is more than I expected. Great phone for students.

There is no upgrade to Win 8.0 This is the most annoying part. Picture quality is not so great. Model wise it is very nice.

The phone is amazing. It is SIM free and the seller provided an additional unlock key. I could update it using the Zune software.

I love everything about this phone but since it was At&t some features such as bluetooth still don't work. But I knew that goin' in so no biggie. I love the OS platform I think it is far superior. I can use this phone as a mini stereo and it is wonderful.

The problem is not just the cellphone that it's meant to be factory unlocked and it's not but is also the support. The cellphone has some features locked to work just with AT&T; and not unlocked as i Buy it. I dont return it because i live outside the states and is not that easy to me to return it.The other thing is that they dont give me a solution, that should be a software issue. They call me one month ago, when i wrote a negative review and ask me to delete it that they were going to work on it. After I delete the feedback i haven't received any information about my problem or whats happening.

it a very good celular,the price is very perfect of this model. But im recomend to put more money and buy the next model 920,because it perfect.

Arrived exactly as described - Inserted SIM - powered it up, instant service! I love the Windows OS 7.5 - the user interface could not be more simple, attractive and intuitive! Skype app (downloaded from windows store) using WI-fi works perfectly. Signal: Good reception using either Etisalat/ROSHAN or AWCC service - plenty of supported apps left in the Nokia store...This is the best smart phone I have ever owned, EVER.  I like it slightly better than my New LG Optimus G(!) which I just purchased for stateside use. The screen on this Lumina 900 is beyond HD compliant and quite bright outdoors even in direct sunlight - a very important feature! Battery life is as expected while WI-fi and GPS are enabled, BUT it charges rapidly -especially if using USB 3.0 rapid charge -then it's 'incredulous charging speed'. The phone is comfortable in the hand, not too large, perfect actually for my ordinary male-sized hand; the subtle black texture on the back is of a no-slip design; convenient button placement (especially power on/off); responsive touch/tactile screen. The Carl Zeiss Camera has a lot of available useful adjustments as well as 'set it and forget it' AUTO settings - Tested: picture quality is excellent - video quality is HD. Overall: Just Perfect - I purchased this as refurbished and unlocked for travel abroad. I paid only $209 USD - worth every cent - This phone came with a brand new packaged micro USB charger; The seller surpassed my expectations with this one! Much appreciated! Will buy again from you as a trusted seller! 'iPhonepros'

I ordered 2 Nokia 900 Lumia phones, they both arrived in excellent shape. The shipping lacked a little to be desired for my circumstance. The phones were scheduled to arrive on 2/26/2013 and they arrived in my possession on 3/5/2013. The instruction booklet looked like the printer att had used ran out of ink. you cannot read either book. It has online instructions to compensate for that. I am satisfied with the phone itself, just not the way it was shipped. We are a rural area here and it works better to use USPS.Steve Stinson

First of all the Windows 7 OS sucks and third party apps aren't as plentiful as on other phone.  Second, today after a year of use, the phone has decided to crap out on me.  Third party apps will no longer start and it will no longer pair to my Bluetooth devices.  This essentially makes the phone useless on my data plan and really only for emergency uses only now since I can't talk using my headset.  And then the whole Zune thing, good grief.  I'm not buying any more Microsoft related products again if I can help it - no Xbox, no Windows phone, etc...

I love the NOKIA Lumia 900 cellphone.  It has great features that are easy to use.One slight problem I encountered  since I am from another country (BELIZE) is that the phonewas not accepting my SIM card. I had to take it to a phone company to remedy the situation.

It works, so it is worth more than 1 star. Its description is &#34;new&#34;, but the battery is 0%, the box is a bit old and has &#34;double stickered&#34; to hold it tight, and the screen protector has bubbles. All these &#34;features&#34; make me believe that it's not really a new one. But I don't have enough time to return it and buy another phone, so I can only use it.

The Phone was like new and everything function  is working ...and it came on the time..so thx you for business

I think the phone is okay. however it seems to have been previously contracted to AT&T though was said to be(and is) unlocked. Some functions cannot work with other networks as i have had to discover.

I purchase this item because the iphone 3G I bought was defective.I received the item on schedule. The phone works perfectly. Not even one single fault with this phone. From henceforth I will always buy from somersoft. Some of my friends even find it hard to believe I bought the phone used. This is one of the best bargain I had ever got from Amazon. I recommend somersoft for any electronics shopping to buyers.Thanks

I ordered this phone for my daughter on July 30, 2013. Got it a week after, it DOES NOT WORK now,it was not dropped or any such thing, it just decided to not turn on one day even after charging it. Therefore she only received one month of usage of this phone. After this happen, I opted to contact the seller to get either a refund or a replacement, i am being told i CANNOT!!! This is utter crap, now i have no idea what steps to take next..... NEEEEDDDDD HEEEELLPPPPP!

I'm a recent Mac convert so I did not even think I would consider a Windows 8 phone. I just got mine last night and I LOVE it. The phone and screen are larger than iPhone, but the weight is same or perhaps even less by my estimation. This is my first smartphone but I have played around with friends' iPhones and Androids.Screen is large and very sharp, the photos I take (it has built-in flash) are much better quality than photos I have seen from any of my friends' smart phones. My photos are much better :). I am enjoying the usability of the touchscreen and still playing with my new toy. I'm tickled pink with it!

The Lumia 900 is a nice phone, it is higher level of phone, well built, nice looking, my dad is using this phone and now im looking forward to get the lumia 920, I know for sure that the 920 is out of this world!!!!

I received this product yesterday and firstly the box was in a terrible condition it looked like if a "mechanic"  rubbed his hands all over it....If that wasn't bad enough when i opened the box the charger was not in it's original packaging and the actual handset looked like the person who handled it was having fries for lunch because it was greasy and disgusting.  The film which protected the screen had so many bubbles indicating it was removed and replaced which would be an indication that the phone was used.I payed for a new phone not a used phone and this item was purchased to be given as a christmas gift....How can i give this to someone?I will be returning same

The box was not the proper one for this phone as promised and when charged it did not work, the battery ran out and lasted only few minutes.I am not happy with the product and the seller, this is the second time i have something to complain about with this seller.

I bought it since 10 months and it is still gorgeous! It works perfectly in my country - Bulgaria! I did not have any problem with it! Really fast browsing! I love it! And the camera photos are super amazing for 8mpx!

great product in everything,,but what the use of it if there is no update for its window 7.5 to window 8 ,,plus it doesnt have flash player,,the rest is perfect as a product

I bought this for 220. It has some defects. Automatically it goes to voice input and its diffcult come out from there and some times its  dont have tower  but  other mobile has (same provider)

We bought this in the states, wanting a global phone and it works great on our NZ sim card. We had to buy another one though because it will not tolerate being run over by a truck. The sim card did though :)

Being a Nokia it had all the specs that I was expecting, however being a T-Mobile customer I had repeated problems and still do with receiving MMS texts. All else works fine.

love how it slides into my pocket. I've dropped it a couple times and no breakage, so I am under the impression they make these tough. Like it a whole lot.

windows market haws little to no apps, the phone settings are very limited and no phone music application. also my screen broke already  :c

It's a Nokia Lumia 900, simple. What more do you expect.The seller delivered the product faster than I expected and I am currently using it. Good price for the product. Thanks
