
I got mine through AT&T; from a Sony store, upgraded to ICS and everything was working fine (I knew about the battery problem before hand) for a month till the mic went out, I could talk with people using an earbud mic but not the phone itself. Sony replaced it with another one but I didn't keep it, sold it on ebay and got a Galaxy S3. Galaxy S3 have the same battery problem but is a much higher quality phone (both in feel and specs).Be aware of the mic problems and the back aluminum cover tends to bend very easily, if you decide to go with one I recommend using a cover.Hope this helps.

I like this phone, apps are great. I can connect anywhere with Wifi.  But the battery tends to run out fast even if I am not using it. Also, the camera is not as great as I expected for a 13MP phone. The pictures need a lot of time to focus, and sometimes the pictures comes blurry.

I love the HD screen and the metal built body.  The screen is amazing and is better than iPhone 5 screen. At 4.6in screen size, I thought the phone is going to be too wide but it fits great in my hands and I have normal hands size.  The phone is Tall and less wide.  YoU get full wide screen view from HD YouTube videos with no black bars.  I'm using the phone on ICS software and its very fast and smooth.  I love the speed and features.There is only one bad thing that bothers me a little bit.  The capacitive keys are hard to response.  To fix this, I swipe up starting from the lighted line instead of pressing. It works everytime.One cool trick:  download illumination bar app from the play store.  With this app, you can have the capacitive lights always on for use in the dark where it is hard to see the keys. Also, You can set the lights to flash for notifications.  It is very cool.Conclusion, this phone serves me very well.  I love using it for browsing and watching YouTube HD videos.  I did return the iPhone 4s for this phone and had no regrets.Additional Info: Battery is short and I own the at&t; lte version.  4G speed is extremely fast.

Love the sound of the m.usic playerLove the cameraDon't know about the phone quality cos it does not read all sim cardsIt does not read my phone company's microsim, the microsim card works on other phones and I can use other phone carriers microsim. And nobody seems to be able to help

O melhor celular que j&aacute; tive.Tela grandebateria duradoura.r&aacute;pido e no trava.acabamento perfeitofunciona todos os softwares e jogos do market

The phone is not unlock as advertise. the phone is in bad shape of packaging , its loo; like a refurbish unit not new as advertise.

I bought the Xperia ION LT28i and sent me the Xperia ION LT28a. The Xperia ION LT28i, supports 3G and LTE network offered by my carrier in Venezuela, but not the LT28a, that was the phone I received. The phone connection is faulty due to network incompatibility. The phone features offered are different from the features of the phone that I have received. The box even has a sticker that is not factory but then states that the item is a new LT28i.

Upsides:This device has traveled around the world with me, giving little or no problem. Slip in the chip and the phone is running right away.The camera is packed with features and I got much better results than some reviews suggest, particularly in fading light.Video quality is superb.The Walkman is a . . . walkman. Nice interface, good sound range.Downsides:Battery life is as low as widely reported, my experience is about 9 hours with walkman, camera, texting apps and browser used quite heavily. A removable battery would be ideal.The power button is unresponsive about 1 time in 20.

This phone was delivered on time. It is one of the best I've seen. The GUI is nice and smooth. Sometimes I need to press the return icon twice and a little higher up the screen which is a bit annoying. Also, the SIM card spontaneously unmounts and I need to shut down, take it out and put it back in then restart. A couple times I did not shut down and just pulled out the SIM. When this is done, the phone automatically restarts, however, the last time it froze. I though I ad bricked it and there is no battery cover to do a battery pull. the phone then got very hot. I Googled how to do a hard restart by pressing and holding the power and vol. up buttons together and it restarted and all is well except that it still gets a bit hot and I think the battery last a little shorter - at most 24 hours without constant use. Overall, I would recommend this phone, it will make you happy - as long as you treat it right.Pros:Awesome, clear, crisp resolutionGood receptionResponsiveMicro-USB port not proprietary like Samsung NoteMicro-HDMI outCons:No battery cover so battery cannot be pulled or replacedCamera takes long to focus (about 3 to 5 seconds) and sometimes does not focus resulting in a fuzzy picture (1 in 7 times)Return icon has a 'sweet spot' and sometimes requires finding and pressing twice (might be just my phone)There is no wake button on front like the Galaxy. To wake you must press the small power button on the sideCover for the USB and HDMI ports is not attached firmly and seems it can be broken off easily.

Poor battery life .. gets drain by evening ..In all just an awesome device better than SGIII , HTC ..just gave 3 for battery ..Games just works perfect on this

THE CELL IS NOT UNLOCKED, THE DESCRIPTION SAYS THAT "THE CELL IS UNLOCKED BUT IS NOT", I CANT USE THE CELL BECAUSE THAT, I NEED CONTACT WITH TABLET DISTRIBUTIONS.EL TELEFONO CELULAR QUE COMPRE NO ESTA DESBLOQUEADO, LA DESCRIPCION DICE QUE VIENE DESBLOQUEADO DE FABRIA PERO NO ES ASI. NO PUEDO USAR EL TELEFONO X ESTA RAZON. NECESITO CONTACTAR A TABLET DISTRIBUTIONS LO MAS PRONTO POSIBLE PORFAVOR. ME PUEDEN ESCRIBIR A MI CORREO. ES DE SUMA IMPORTANCIA

We've had our Xperia Ions for about two months now and I wish we'd kept our Samsung Captivates. The Ion does  have a large screen for browsing and reading, is fast and has a great camera. However the menu, home, back and search buttons across the bottom of the screen are tiny and not very responsive. The on/off button on the side does not depress easily either. It eats power; I can make it through a day before charging if I'm not using it heavily for reading, navigating or browsing the web. (My Captivate would run for about 2 1/2 days before it died under those circumstances.) The operating system upgrade that came out recently was NOT an improvement. My husband installed it and will have to send it to Sony to have it uninstalled. What is worst though is that his phone is already failing; the whole right side of the screen is completely unresponsive to touch now. And no, he hasn't dropped it or drown it or anything else that might explain This. In short, I don't recommend this phone at all.I thought I'd provide an update on our experience with the Ions. My husband is sending the replacement phone he received when he sent it back for the other issue months ago, because this time the microphone is failing. This time he's asked that it be replaced with a Samsung Galaxy. I still have mine and it works alright, within the limitations I've noted above. Perhaps mine is not as much trouble as my husband's because I don't use all of the features it has to offer, or perhaps because I never upgraded to the most current operating system. Anyway, I still don't recommend it.

Love everything about the phone. Great camera, screen size, design and processor speed. It is hard to find good accessories for the phone and it also has great battery life! One of the best phones made!

They are  selling  cell phones as NEW when those aren't,  I bought this one, the  seal was broken and  cell phone  was clearly used it was  not new.  I am so dissapointed that amazon  allows sellers to advertise cell phones as  new...don't  remember  the seller name,  order  was fullfiled by Amazon  and Thank God  it was,  they refunded my money back  really  fast.

alguien de Venezuela me puede orientar si este modelo se puede usar en movilnet o Digitel? es que necesito saberlo por una critica que le&iacute; ac&aacute; mismo

I bought this one becase of price-performance and I need it unlocked for my carrier in Mexico, the only thing is that this one is not an lt28i, it is a lt28at but it worked fine.

I had an Xperia Neo before buying this one, and bought cause it was cheap (cheaper than what I paid for the Neo at that time) and is my first Dual Core 1.5GHz cellphone and you can feel the difference.The cons that I find are:1. the Micro USB cord it comes with its SUPER short its like 50 centimeters lengh. Good thing I own another cable.2. The battery doesn't last that much. It drains fast, lasts like 5 hours with somewhat use (Texting and browsing) so you have to charge it at least once a day if you leave it charging at night. The battery is non-removable so there's is no extended one out there in the market.Now the pros:1. Good display resolution, even if using with low resolution you can see the screen clearly. Which is always gorilla glass so you don't need much a screen protector.2. Awesome 12MP Camera. One of the highest you can find in a cellphone. The resolution its outstanding. And this comes with FullHD video recording.3. Its thin and big screen just like a SIII at half its price.4. Good finish on the back with a metalized style.

For an android phone, it is a good choice.It has a nice and high quality screen.You can be familiar with the functions of the phone in one day, easy to use.If you like high quality camera and music, you could consider this as your first choice.Recommend!

i have seen a friend of mine use the phone and its ok though you should try and be making a more quicker delivery of the product to the recipient for this will make your market to be reliable and efficient at all times,therby increasing prfitability.think about it from my point of view and how can i be an AMAZON partner AND MARKET YOUR PRODUCTS AT THE SAME TIME,SINCE AN amazon OUTLET WOULD DO WELL IN SOME PARTS OF AFRICAN COUNTRIES NAMELY Kenya,Uganda,Tanzania,Burundi,Rwanda,Botswana,South Africa,.think about this and send your people to come do a survey and iwill be more than willing to see this chain of stores operate in Africa.

The product sold is unlocked version of LT28AT and not LT28I(I stands for international version).So this does not comes with original sony boxy but AT&T; box.I bought the phone from PhoneMax.LT28I comes in Sony box which will have a earphone and hdmmi cable which AT&T; version does not have.But the radio frequenecy is almost similar compared to LT28I (picture attached).You can see the radio frequency by dialling *#*#7378423#*#*  and looking into Service Info>configurationNow coming to phone ,it was unlocked as mentioned as my friend's T mobile sim worked without any problem.For AT&T; customers you may need to add the Access Point Network(APN) manuallyin order to get 4G network for a pre paid plan.Call center guys said its not possible to get a internet connection for 4G phones without a contract.but that was not correct as it worked for me by buying data plan and adding the APN manually.Now the phone battery drains out in a day provided its not in stand by mode for a long time. if you have turned your internet connection all the time it drains more quickly.Also the back panel gets heated up which is not a good sign.Incoming call quality is okay sort and if you are expecting high volume ,you may be disappointed.The small button to unlock is not that comfortable to press.Coming to positive , Display is superb and so do the camera.Loved the pan mode camera so that i can take pcitures wide angle around 180 degree.Processor is good enough for phone for all functions,games,android apps. GPS capturing with GLONASSS is quicker.I am going to keep this phone as with this price i think its a good buy.

I recently got this phone for free with a 2 year contract at best buy. The design attracted me to it in that it just has a sort of industrial-monolithic look to it. The 1.5Ghz Snapdragon S3 processor is last gen, but still works quite well. The main problem is that this phone is just dreadful using the outdated Gingerbread it comes with. opening of apps had noticeable delays along with presses of the home and back keys. I thought I should just return it after a day of use.I then went and connected it to my computer and installed the Sony Companion software. It found an update to Android 4.0.4 which was odd as the update check on the phone itself came up with nothing. I did the update and the phone was transformed. It's now speedy, has improved battery life and additional optional settings like Xloud to increase speaker volume of the ringer. Sony has been good with updating in the past and I find the phone to be a great deal after the update. I'd say it's superior to nearly all other phones aside from the Galaxy S3, iPhone 5 and  HTC One X after getting ICS.The problems that remain however is the poor placement of the power button and that the HOME and BACK keys are sometimes lethargic. This is a great choice now and a true competitor. Bring on Jelly Bean Sony!

What's great about it: Great price with upgrade on AT&T.;What's not so great: lack of Android 4.0This is a very sold performing phone. Yes, it does not have Android 4.0. I have that on my tablet. Is it a deal breaker? Nope. This is a great phone. The keys on the bottom do take half a day to get used to compared to my previous Android phones. On my old Android phones, I would accidentally hit the back key or the home key, not on this phone. Being a decently heavy data user, I get a solid day of battery. I bought the Sony NFC tags and they are cool too. The only negative that I have seen so far with this phone, is lack of accessories. Having no Otterbox is rough, but I'm trying the Dualtekk case and it has already survived a few drops on concrete, (not on purpose.)The screen is beautiful. I can quickly show many of my pictures from my SD card on the fly. Expandable memory, nothing else to say on that. The camera takes great pics for family fun. The phone is fast with no lags. It pairs very easily with my Motorola S10 Bluetooth headphones. Speakerphone works fine, but I hate using speakerphone on anything. The deciding factor was price. I did the research and wanted a solid phone, but didn't want to pay $200 plus to have a phone and new accessories.  Had AT&T; upgrade, way cheaper.  Phone is worth $550 easily.I would recommend this phone to anyone.PROS: battery, screen, metal back, dual core, speedCONS: no Otterbox case, few accessoriesThis product is... Easy to use keypad/keyboard, Good call quality, Lightning fast, Tough/durable, Great picture quality, Good video qualityAbout me... Heavy apps user, My phone is my life, Budget conscious, Business professional, Need phone to keep me organizedI would recommend this to a friend!

lesser price when compared to other sellers Sony xperia ION. But this phone is actually ION LT28at model.It doesn't have a headset and HDMI cable included in the box !! maybe because of the cheaper price..works good but there are few flaws with the product.

the sony xperia ION met my expectation and its a great phone love everything including the new featuring for smart phones

I've had this phone a while now, almost a year and a half and it is tough! I have beat this bad boy to death but it never stops going.The only cons were that the loudspeaker did go out and part of the touchscreen went dead but those are simple fixes for me.

i recently upgraded to sony xperia and i love the way the phone is design with it high resolution LCD display.i think it is better than iphone display due to it BRAVIA engine.it has the best camera compared to iphone or samsung

I just got this phone as a replacement for my xperia x10 a few days ago and it is great. It came as described new in box with everything. There was no hassle with seller and he seemed more reliable than other sellers with under 30 reviews.Prosdual core 1.5 ghz cpularge HD 4.6 in screenLight sleek designgreat Exmor 12 mp cameraPhone lasts about a day and a half to two days with moderate useConsStill on gingerbread 2.3.7Bottom keys below the screen are not as responsive as I would like ( probably since I'm used to the x10 button keys) nothing to bigPSM or Playstation Play Is not supported yet might be because this is the international version and I'm using T mobile in California or its still too new?*** Uses Micro Sim I had to change my sim to micro ***

perfect the equipment works perfectly in Venezuela with Movistar and I have 4 months with the team,is fast. did not give 5 stars is because it is fast download

Although sometimes the phone starts lagging after agood time of use, however that doesn't happen all the time. The only thing that bothers me about this phone the lagging that happens quite often when I want to answer acall. Other than that, I'm very happy with this phone performance so far!

Phone had scratches inside the cover, box was oily (poor storage), highly DIY printed owners manual. Very not-factory packed. Screen was dirty even with the cheap &#34;screen protector&#34;.Item is merched as the LT28i but item delivered is LT28at. I'm not the only one. Theres multiple reviews of the same type where other dissatisfied customers received an LT28at instead of the LT28i they ordered.

very good, user-computer interface is excellent, easy to handle, ideal size, the only thing is that the battery was short, anything that is not remedied by loading, finally is excellent

this phone is ok.the display is clear and crisp.touchscreen is responsive and the camera is great.i am just a little annoyed because headset is not included with the product.but you can order it to another seller who is providing one. i order mine with deal in a box.From now on I will avoid this seller.

After buying the phone all was good as well until after 3 months the phone got kinda slow and the microphone stop  working . I had to buy a wholeeee flex cable jus to get the mic to work again . After searching online for help i realize it wasn't only me having this problem. :( Dislike

Purchased the phone with AT&T; plan, never drop the phone, never get wet, and the phone die after 6 months, then AT&T; replaced a re-conditioned phone to me, but the warranty only cover up to 90 days, and after another 6 months, the phone dead again.I'll never purchase a Sony cell phone.

This is a great phone for people looking for a high end device without costing quite as much as others. I use the phone mainly for navigation, phone calls, text messaging, camera, and as a MP3 player. I bought the unlocked international version and it works perfectly with my AT&T; mini sim card that I cut to make a micro sim.Pros:- fast- beautiful screen- good audio quality from external speaker- excellent storage capacity (~12 gb internal + sd card slot)- mine came with android ICS out of the box- battery is good for my uses- great hardware quality- camera is awesome in my opinion (contrary to professional reviews)Cons:- some random shut offs (very rare)- the flap that covers the micro usb & hdmi port gets loose over time- for some reason phone call volume seems a little lower than I'm used to - could just be my perception thoughOverall, I really like the phone and would recommend it to anyone wanting a low cost high end phone. I took off one star because of that flap being a little loose - it just annoys me.

I bought a terrific phone at a very reasonable price. I'm very comfortable with it. It's very fast and smooth, just like Sony has accostumed us since a while.

buenos dias amigo le escribo para saber si este celular levanta 3g con frecuencia 1900 mhz es que lo voy a usar en venezuela y lo voy a usar movistar y aqui se usa es con esa frecuencia. gracias de antemano

I ordered this unlocked version of LT28i from the seller 'Extra Virgin Tech Products' so that I could use it on T-mobile. What I got was LT28AT in a battered AT&T; packaging. Phone was unlocked and it worked for calls when the SIM was inserted. But the data would not work. When I took it to T-mobile store, they asked me to put in the Access Point Names, still no luck. When I got in touch with Sony Customer Service, they told me to update the phone and did not guarantee that it'll work with 4G because LT28AT is exclusively made for AT&T.; The LT28i or LT28H might work on 4G with T-mobile. Since LT28i is what it says on website but they send LT28AT I had to send this back to Amazon. Since the purchase was backed by Amazon, their awesome customer service took care of return shipping.I didn't get chance to use the phone that much, but here are my first impressions. 4.6&#34; screen is awesome and great touch responsive. The soft buttons have the problem of non-illumination of the icons, but the horizontal line under the icons; but you could get used to them if you have used Android phone before. The keyboard customizations are good and so is predictive typing like &#34;Swype&#34;. Camera quality is good and pictures come out nice in daytime. In night time and low light, the pictures are noisy, but same is true with other $500 phones like Samsung Galaxy S3 and HTC one X. Voice clarity was clear, although I didn't use the speakerphone. To sum it up, if you're AT&T; customer and would like to stay with them, this is a great choice if you don't wish to shell out extra money for the Galaxies and Ones. If you are looking for a phone for T-mobile because they have better plans and they don't sell subsidized devices, this version (LT28AT) is not good for you.I have rated 3 stars because the phone and Amazon customer service was good, seller packaging was bad and the description on website is misleading.

I got this relative cheap on a Cowboom auction.I love ICS and Sony is coming out with Jelly Bean of Q2 of this year.I know sony makes newer phones out there but this is where to put your money at for the best bang for your buck.Pros:Android is better than IOS6 and any Iphone.....I've had them.323 PPI, excellent 720P resolution and the blacks are better than Samsung Galaxy.ICS update fixes most issues...and Jelly Bean is on its way.Large screen and less width than other phones so it's a good form factor.It's very fast.It's got an Amazing camera.Cons:The buttons are sticky....you have to often press them twice and the power button is on the right side so I am use to the Iphone power button.I can't unlock it to T-Mobile.I recommend it to anyone on a budget. I can not think of a Phone that I'd rather want yet I have never used the Nexus 4.

This cell phone is not the model shown "LT 28i Xperia Ion", I bought it based on advertising and now me nothing here in Venezuela. Be clear and responsible in its publication this is a version "LT28a" no version "LT28i"

The Cell is ok, but it came with non-Sony headset, poor quality, does not sound good, which is very important because I hear music all the time.

Xperia Ion is the best cellphone I have ever, it's strong and powerful product best video, amazing sons it's perfect for all kind users.

My fianc&eacute; loves this phone!!! He has not had one complaint since he started using it. It is easy to use!!!!

this phone has everything and more than all the others on the market. It is fast, lightning fast, takes fantastic pictures, and amazing video. The device has a built-in radio when headphones are attached. The speaker is decent and loud enough to listen to music. The HDMI cord adapter plugged is a huge benefit!The most impressive thing I noticed was when I called my phone into the computer. The software automatically installed on my netbook and upgraded to android 4.0! I never had an android or heard of an android maker that enabled the free upgrade. This device with android 4.0 is an amazing experience!

It works great, I really like it. But it can be better, because it's battery life is not as reported online. It doesn't last at all

This product have a excellent performance. Good product everything ok. The cellphone is unlocked for all operators like you said in the title. recommended.

Great phone. Not the fastest phone but still really fast, also it has a long life battery. I love it

I just received it and it works great everything more than what i expect it comes upgraded to android ICS.

I bought this phone at Best Buy for ATT and so far I only have one complaint.  The battery sucks!  It states on the product info you can get 17 days of batter for idle time but that is a lie.  I have to keep my phone on power saver to keep apps from sucking down battery life.  And really isn't the whole part of a smart phone to be able to use your apps.  This is my first smart phone so I don't have anything to base the battery on so I'm not sure if its comparable to others or not.  I do know with how little I used my last phone I could go 2-4 days without charging it.  I don't make more that 5 or 6 calls a day and I maybe use the internet twice a day on this new phone and the rest of the time it's idle.  If I use the internet its just for 10 minutes to 30 minutes while I check something out or if I check my email.  So for 16 or more hours a day my phone sits idle on power saver and yet every night I have to charge it or its dead in the morning.And for gosh sake don't let this phone die or it will take you at least a half hour or more of charging before you can even turn it back on.  That to me is ridiculous I've never had a phone where if you killed the battery you couldn't plug the charger in and still make phone calls.Other than that I really do love the phone.  It is 100% customizable.  You get 6 pages when the phone starts with which to customize with whatever apps and widgets you want.  Every app you start with can be thrown in the trash and you can pull out the apps of your choice and put them anywhere on your pages that you like.  There are even 4 quick links at the bottom of the page that you can add apps too, they start as phone, message, contacts and browser which is what I left mine as but you can change them.The background can be any picture you wish, in your gallery, ones you take, or ones you have put on the phone.  It also comes with the live map wallpaper, and you can buy more live wallpapers in the app store.I'm not sure if after you fill the six pages with apps if you can add more pages or not which to me if not would be a downfall or con.  So far though I have no want to fill it all up as you can find all of your apps in your menu, which is also 100 % customizable.  You can drag the apps around in the menu too until you have them everywhere you want.The back camera works like a charm and produces camera quality photos, though I'm not as Impressed with the front facing camera it seems to take more pixilated photos, but this could be something that I've done to it or a lack of flash.I've heard complaints about the operating system but I've got no complaints with that.  If an update eventually comes out for the phone that makes it run better than that's fine, but it runs pretty fast right now as it is.  I have no problem when using my phone or when I'm using the internet.Overall I'd say though if you don't want to charge this phone every night or morning and you want something that will have a longer battery I'd look for something else.  I just make sure I put mine on the charger each night and turn it off so I know it's getting charged and nothing is sucking the battery down at night.

Bought this phone new a year ago. After 10 months, camera became blurry. Brought to service center and they exchanged for a refurbished one. Within one month, second phone's camera is blurry. Google the Xperia Ion for camera blurry and you will see what I mean.

Excellent device, beautiful cellphone, good camera and excellent connection to the web(4g) it is unlocked and you can use in Colombia without problem.

So, you may have heard that there are some new phones with quad-core processors. Now, those quad-core isn't really necessary yet for smart phones. There aren't really any apps that are optimized for a quad-core so its very pointless. Fortunately, the Xperia Ion has a dual-core processor that is still more than needed for a phone. So, it still has a reasonable battery life and a processor with incredible performance. Also this phone has a 12 mega pixel camera which is quite a bit more than the recent 8 mega pixels for phones lately. It can take panorama shots, 3d panorama shots so you can see it in 3d on a 3d tv or monitor, videos, and regular shots. It can take videos in full HD (1080p). Whats also really cool about this phone is the FM radio. When you plug in earphones, it uses the cord as the antenna. Also, what is great is the cellular connectivity. I have the regular at&t (not unlocked version) phone with 2g, 3g, 4g, 4g LTE. And when you get LTE, it is incredibly fast. As fast as a nice WiFi connection at your home. There are also many more wonderful things about this phone. Just take a look at this website: [...]

phone lockedgood night last year you buy this phone and when I try to use the phone in Venezuela is blocked from buying the title says unlocked international version.how I can help with this caseregardsmy email is ibarradelcy@hotmail.com

This Sony Xperia is a great product with a wonderful and incredible price that I received in neat condition, I love it!

This is a very beautiful phone, I bought because everybody talk about it and when I read the specifications, everything was perfect for me... but the really cames when it arrived at home, first it cames with as&iacute;an charger, so I must buy a new charger, second, when I use gps, facebook and what's app... it was blocked for 1 hour... (it happened to me couple times), battery life, 3 hours using the phone and 5 hours only calls,,,,, and this phone put so hot when you use i don't know why,,, maybe it doesn't have a good cooler inside,,,,, so I decided to return it,,, I'm sad, because I love sony but I have also a Sony xperia X8 and work faster and better.... what happened with sony??

Ross Celular helped me with all my disadvantages and managed to give positive solution.Nice and rapid in the solution of my email

Me encanto el telefono, lo uso en venezuela y me levanta la banda 4g, es muy rapido y eficiente. Lo recomiendo, hace muy buenos videos!  no tengo ni una queja!

the only thing that I have problem is with the battery life is poor.but the other things is good.

The item as described, claims to be an LT28i, but none of the sellers that are using Amazon to fulfill the item are actually selling an LT28i. What is being shipped is a left over AT&T; phone that is an older model and the package is being opened so that the phone can be unlocked. The phone is then being put back into the same AT&T; packaging and then sent as a NEW Factory Unlocked LT28i. The box even has a sticker that is not factory but then states that the item is a new LT28i. The factory seals are broken and all of the paperwork with the phone even states that it is an LT28at and the AT&T; logo is still on the phone. For those not in the know the LT28at was made specifically for AT&T; for sale in the US and uses the frequency bands for their coverage. A LT28i has a different frequency that should, according to other reviewers, allow it to also work on US's T-mobile and other carriers 3G frequencies in some parts of the world. Just by unlocking it (even if it was done at the factory which I doubt) does not change the radio receivers hardware used to send and receive calls and data.I suspected that this might be the case as some reviewers were stating that they were receiving an AT&T; phone so I sent e-mails to five sellers who were offering this phone close to or just below the three hundred dollar amount, asking if this was actually an LT28i, or an LT28h or an LT28at (all have some frequency differences, and I stated that I wanted a LT28i) and most of them are also listed as using Amazon to fulfill the order. I received a reply from one of them stating that they knew the phone was an unlocked LT28at AT&T; phone. I received another reply stating that they had just run out of the actual LT28i the night before but still had the LT28at (although 3days later they are still listed as sellers having phones in stock but not stating it's an LT28at). There was one seller that did take his listing off of Amazon after replying that he too didn't actually have the LT28i in stock. Another never replied but their listing was removed shortly after my e-mail to them. The last one never replied but was nice enough to leave their phone number in their sellers page and in their description they even stated that they were proud of their accurate descriptions (HA!). I called them and they said not to worry about the picture or other reviews and that the item was exactly as described, so I ordered from them. Obviously there are several sellers marketing there LT28at's and marking them off to a reasonable price but knowingly listing them with the wrong description. If you look at some of the other sellers under this listing there are some who do state that their item is the AT&T; phone and others state that the phone is the LT28i and is shipped from Japan but those are at a much higher price tag (guess you get what you pay for, see my pics).If you are planning on using the phone on AT&T; then none of this would matter to you but if you are specifically looking for a phone with that 1700 frequency then you need to expect to pay more. I'm glad it was fulfilled by Amazon as it's not what I was wanting and expect to have no problems with the return.Update 25February2013: As expected I had no problems with the return as it was shipped by Amazon. I was still trying to get an Actual LT28i at this price and used my significant others Amazon account to again e-mail the sellers and all but one of the sellers at the $300ish price point admitted that they indeed only had the LT28at. The last one who apparently specializes in tablets but not returning e-mails is the one I bought from last time and I already knew what I got last time and it was not the LT28i, just an LT28at that was unlocked (see Pics). Like I said once before, if you are going to use AT&T; or don't mind not having the 1700hsdpa band then this listing will work for you and it may have worked in the past for a true LT28i but without going over the $450 mark I don't think you will get a true LT28i anymore. By the way there is another listing on Amazon for about $350 for a LT28h which does have the 1700hsdpa band but not the LTE bands. The other listing for a LT28i that is around $350 is also from one of the sellers who e-mailed me back and stated that that one too is really an LT28at.Update 3March2013: Sorry to give a bad recommendation. The LT28h I recommended in my last update that was listed for #350, came as an LT28at also, but get this, the box claimed it was an LT28i. I am either thinking that many of the sellers either don't know the diference between the Xperia Ion versions or they assume that the Buyers won't know the difference. See the running comments to this review.Update 17March2013: Finally success (thanks New Generation Products (CellGSM)). After at least 30 emails to various sellers I was able to find the right phone I was after. If you notice when you look at the different sellers under this listing in the buying options you will see that there are a bunch selling for around $300 and then a bunch selling for closer to $500. I emailed all of them and found that all of the cheaper ones are selling the AT&T; branded phone that is usually unlocked. The higher priced ones do usually seem to be the right one however. As I have been fairly involved with this listing and review (see comments button below), I have noticed that the prices from the different sellers fluctuate on an almost daily basis and was able to get one for $400 but as it was their next to last one they raised their price the same afternoon. After waiting for a week for it to be delivered, I was elated to finally see a Sony box, with a factory seal, an UnBranded LT28i phone inside, with a Sony Experia charger (had U.S. plug by the way which I didn't expect), and had the Sony brand ear bud headphones with microphone in the cord. It did come with all of the bands that I have previously written about including the 1700 hsdpa band and I do get T-mobiles 3G network and should be able to get AT&T;'s and T-mobiles LTE networks once they are available in my area. I am still disapointed that I couldn't get this phone for the $300 I was hoping for but I do finally have the phone I wanted.I'm not going to do an extensive review of the phone itself but will say that the reviewers saying the battery is a disappointment are correct. Of course I have been playing with and setting up my phone for the last few days but have had to recharge overnight and mid day to make it last. It should be enough once I am over this initial setup period but I'm sure a bigger battery would have also added more weight to I guess it was a trade off. The camera is awesome for a phone and I am comparing to a Nokia Lumia 900 that my spouse has and my older phones. I know the resolution is better on this phone but the focusing and brightness of the pictures is what I was comparing. This is my first Android phone and it is I giant step up from what I had. It started updating from Gingerbread to ICS within seconds of giving it a password to my Wifi. No Jellybean yet but I don't know much about that upgrade to know what the difference will be (I do prefer the Windowsphone OS on the Lumia better, but the apps are still better here). Hope all this helps someone and as said before if you want to use this phone only on AT&T;'s networks then this review hardly applies to you but, the listing is for an LT28i International version and not an LT28at unlocked for international use so I thought everyone should know the issue and I am still leaving this review rating for the listing a 1 star because of those issues although the phone itself that I now have is more of a 4 or 5 star phone.Last Update 30May2013, Battery life is not bad now that I am not constantly playing on it. It can now show 80% or more at the end of the day if I only use if sparingly (remember it has a huge screen but I also don't have a fakebook account so I don't have to be constantly on it and I can walk and look where I'm going). I have gotten several compliments on the resolution of the screen and the quality of the video and the pictures. The USB/HDMI cover that does look like it should break off, I am happy to report is alot stronger than I thought it would be and currently doesn't show any sign of wear. I love this phone. I also see that there are still people buying this phone from the cheap sellers and are still getting the LT28at instead of the LT28i, and yes my true LT28i does work great on T-mo's 3g and 4g networks.

Everthing is working very good. This phone is amazing ! Except battery :/ Although phone is idle battery is getting lower very quick during in a day. If you use it 1 or 2 hour later charge is running out:(( You have to charge it at least twice a day. I dissapointed, i dont know this is only my problem or not? I am planing to send it back this phone i cant endure it anymore...

The performance on the batery is low, but the divece has great functionalities. It is recomended, i am really happy

Yeah this phone has a pretty good camera as it says on the box and the battery lasting for 7 good hours but after having this phone for two years the quality of the phone's functions really wear down.Well first of all unless you're not picky about the lock screen unchangeable to your wallpaper then you're good. And second this phone is always seemingly "running out of power" even though it is fully charged and then proceeding to shut down for 2 hours.And of course my phone decided to glitch out on me and for the hell of it shut down and deleted all of my photos which were unrecoverable.So there you have it.

i like this phone but the mic got damaged really fast, so i had to replace it about a month after i got the phone

The phone came with the broken box with defective battery that will not load and have a bad time of life I am not satisfied with this product that cost me dearly and does not work correctly

Excelente smartphone viene tal y como se describe. Funciona r&aacute;pido y muy fluido. Lo recomiendo. Se merece las 5 Estrellas.Llego a tiempo y el producto es tal cual la descripci&oacute;n.

Great phone, great specs, best smartphone camera I ever used. I recommend this to everyone. Its big screen makes iPhones look so small when I handle them.
