
The product received is of high quality meets all expectations and delivery of the equipment was immediately safely and thoroughly recommended for future purchases responsible.

It's normal as I hear it, I bought it for my friend but he rates it very high! According to him it is wonderful!

so fa so good. a huge improvement on my old x cover. lots of room to install as many apps as I want

has for the galaxy III i it came with problem that which was the changer por which i have try repair it on two occasion but it same to not be solve it is the biggest  i had now n it very serious

Have had the S3 for the past year and a half and this is by far my favorite Android I have owned. Great screen for watching videos with out being too large like the galaxy note. Keypad is easy to use with the screen so there are minimal errors when typing. the ram is great for the phone so I have no issues with downloading apps and running our of internal memory space. Love that you can use an sd card as well for more memory. I highly recommend this phone whether its you're 1St Android or if your you're experienced Android user.

hmmm Photos show GS4 and the Header says S III?  hmmm it sounds very fishy...and seems falsely advertised that way

Samsung Galaxy S III I747 Does not work on 4g speeds on tmobile.I have a regular t mobile account this phone only gave me edge speeds with is slower than 3g.Customer care and tech support could not help.Stay away from this phone if you want fast internet connection.Other than the  internet connection the phone works great.

I bought this phone when i was in the US for the summer. As the title says, this is an UNLOCKED Samsung Galaxy S3. Everything was okay in America while I was using an AT&T; sim card. When I got back in Bulgaria and I put my Bulgarian sim card.. guess what? It wanted me a code to unlock the phone. Now I have to pay to someone to unlock it.Be careful what you are buying...

The product I ordered is as described. In new condition with all the accessories. I actually received the phone ahead of schedule. Thank you again....Love my new Samsung Galaxy S 3.....

Phone is nice but fire some strange reason the driver is missing, no computer doesn't recognize the phone, I find that a bit frustrating

This review describes my experience with this product and vendor, plus a little info I learned about shopping for unlocked phones.Pros: The phone works well; most of what I like is part of the product description and typical Samsung phone features - fast processor, huge clear screen, touch-screen that is more sensitive than my wife's iPhone 5s, super clear calls - receiver, and the speakerphone is best I've ever used for myself and callers AND there's a volume boost feature just for calls, 2 gb memory (opening tons of Chrome browser tabs at once without noticeable slowdown), 16gb storage (lots of music and apps), self-adapting brightness sensor, 8 mp camera, Jelly Bean (4.1.1) etc. The 4G LTE through my carrier is as almost as fast as my fiber optic internet line at 13mb down, 9 mb up. Netflix and Skype work very smoothly. Still a fan of Samsung's Swype keyboard, very accurate and it works great with a large screen space. I appreciate the Assistive Light widget, too. Still a few features I've yet to explore.Cons: Battery tends to run out quickly even though I'm actively using it about 3-4 hours a day. My usage is primarily from the display and browser/bandwidth hogging apps.Other comments: The thing about finding this particular item with this specific description (my original search was just for an unlocked Galaxy sIII) is the Amazon results only come up with one at any given time. The price seems to drop each day, and there's always a different vendor. Mine was "Art Lobby" - no major complaints, phone arrived on time, intact, mint condition. However, I found it strange that it was an AT&T; phone with AT&T; logo on the back cover of the phone and loaded with AT&T; bloatware. After doing some research, I understand that the I747 model was sold by AT&T;, so that makes sense.I also understand that while there's the "Galaxy sIII" there are different variations of the same phone, each with its own model number. The Wikipedia page describes the models and their differences in detail here: [...]Also, with some Samsung phones, be aware of the differences between the "full" models and the "mini" models. They're not the same phones, and this difference is poorly advertised by the company and a few carriers.What I learned/what I did: Do the research, deflate your mobile bill. My experience to look for an unlocked phone was driven by years of buying an overpriced, marked-up phone from my carrier whenever I changed my plan. Something to consider when buying an unlocked phone - make sure your phone and a particular model (see above on that I747 business) are compatible with your carrier. I did a ton of research before I made this purchase, and even as the price seems to drop every day, it was still worth paying $360 or so (just phone mind you, the talk/text & data plan with the carrier is separate) than $600+ over two years with my carrier for a phone that's been out for over a year. And that $600 is the phone only; when you do that, you either pay in full or pay so much down, followed by the 2 year monthly payments. Wish I had done this years ago - would've saved on my first smartphone and likely the phones before that back to 2003.A caveat here on the AT&T; bloatware - I'm a tech, and rooted (i.e., gave myself administrator-level access) my phone in about 5 minutes as soon as I took it out of the box. It took a good 30 minutes overall to find and remove the bloatware, since I preferred not to do a full install of Android and further risk bricking my phone.

Consumer Cellular users, (yes, I am a user), - YES, this model of the S3, (I747), does work on the Consumer cellular network. As Consumer cellular runs off the AT&T; network. Now, need to watch out for the SIM card. The old stupid Smartphone I had used the large size SIM card. The S3, uses the small, (micro) SIM card. Just call up Consumer Cellular help desk center and they can ship a micro SIM card at no charge.Now onto the S3 - It is a mile high upgrade from my old stupid smartphone. I love the features, the extra room to download an app, without it choking due to memory issues. I have to explore all of the features, but so far, for me, it works great!

This product is everything as expected. 4g service works great no lag times. 2 gig ram. Product shipped fast very pleased

I received this phone yesterday and it works great. But beware, if you're using Simple Mobile you won't be able to get an data coverage. We had to switch to a NET10 sim card and plan and it works great at 4G speeds. I would just tell everyone to make sure their service will work with this phone before they purchase it.

I'm all over the board on this order.First of all it has hard to order. Numerous times I tried to order this phone but by the time I got to final checkout Amazon would say it was out of stock even if the item was shown to be in stock (even with a count sometimes). Sometime the supplier would change mid selection as well. When I eventually placed an order the phone arrived very promptly, actually much faster than scheduled (it would have been nice if the tracking number was included in the notice of shipment). So low marks for the buying experience and tracking but the supplier gets high marks for prompt shipping.The phone itself works and pretty much as one expects from the model, a great phone. I do have a couple of gripes though. There was no operating manual (there was an extensive safety manual). Some on-line searching turned up a couple but no matching the version of Android installed so it is a bit of a game finding where various options are hidden. Another issue I have is that this is an AT&T; branded phone loaded with lots of AT&T; apps. No real issue with AT&T; and this model is designed with them in mind BUT the description is for any suitable network with no mention of AT&T.; For those who are not using using or fear accidental use of their network via those installed apps some instruction should be included.

i'm still learning how to operate it and every day i learn something new but i simply love it, its awesome

I do not think that the product needs anybody to talk about all what I can say the I HAVE SUMSONG S111

Every thing about this phone is good but I can only listen to music in one ear with this phone . I can use the same head phones on a different device and it will work then I put it in this phone and it does not work

Great all around phone.  Takes great photos.  Would highly recommend this product for easy use and clarity.  Very happy with purchase.

This is my first smartphone and I am very satisfied with it.  The sound quality is good.  I have no problem hearing others and the folks that I have called have said that I am clear on their end.  I get the same reception that I had on my previous non-smart phone (2 bars in my home - 5 bars where I work).I had no trouble configuring email, wifi, and mobile data (I am using the phone with Straight Talk so I needed to set up their APN).  This phone is big.  I generally keep it in my right front pants pocket.  In some dress slacks that are a little loose, it is noticeable that there is a bulky object in my pocket.  I love having the large screen, though.  It makes reading things on the screen much easier.  The delivery was fast, arriving 2 days earlier than the original estimate.  Overall, I am extremely satisfied.

not am getting a single on the phone with a cut down sim card from a old t-mobile phone so I hope a new sim card from t-mobile will work the phone has v4.1.1 (Jelly Bean)so no need to update the os on my phone.update:will not give me any access to the internet I am getting a good signal of -68dbm but no a access to the internet with a new t- Mobile sim card so I have to return it.wal-mart has a newer t-mobile  Samsung s3 4 core 1.4 on sale for 299.95

I PURCHASED THIS ITEM AS NEW BUT RECEIVED A REFURBISHED PHONE WHICH DIDN'T EVEN HAVE THE ORIGINAL SAMSUNG BATTERY IN IT OR EVEN THE BOOKLET WHICH ALWAYS COMES WITH THE PACKAGE.  RIGHT NOW THE PHONE HAS TO BE CHARGED PRETTY OFTEN BECAUSE THE BATTERY SEEMS TO BE NO GOOD...I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED AND DISGUSTED. I FEEL LIKE I HAVE BEEN SCAMMED!!....THIS PHONE COST ME $403,00 WHICH I WOULDN'T HAVE PAID FOR A REFURBISHED PHONE.....I CERTAINLY HAVE LEARNED MY LESSON AND WILL NOT PURCHASE FROM THIS SIGHT AGAIN!!!

The galaxy is in perfect condition, it also seems new! The sellers where very curtious and answered my questions. :) I was also able to use the unlocked phone for metropcs! I'd buy more phones from them when I can!

Excellent product. Fast delivery and product as described

Can do a lot of things with this phone, like, play all my ps one vedeogames :D ! had a great time with it, it was kinda addictive, specially the flipboard app.  Well, bad thing i lost it n whoever found it never answered to give it back :(

Works great made my sister really Happy and she enjoys using it. Was the perfect choice for a replacement of her cracked one

real great phone and unlocked even better .the head phones stopped working ,only thing that I could say that was negative

Product arrived as described and it works perfectly in the Dominican Republic. So, it's really unlocked and although it is a ATT version, it's running smoothly with my service provider!!!

I needed an unlocked GSM phone in order to stay with my pre-paid pay-as-you-go service. My phone service switched from a CDMA system to a GSM system. This was by far the lowest priced GSM Galaxy S III I found.  If you are looking for an unlocked phone make sure you know what kind of service your phone company uses; CDMA or GSM.  Samsung makes the Galaxy line in both types but a GSM phone won't work on a CDMA system and vice versa.This phone came  with the ATT logo on the back, having been manufactured for ATT; and also came pre-loaded with ATT apps and phone numbers. It was easy enough to delete those that were not applicable. My initial concern was that the serial number on the box didn't match the serial number on the phone; however that doesn't appear to matter because the phone works flawlessly.The battery life on the Galaxy S III is so much better than on my wife's Galaxy S II.

Hi, I bought 3 of this cellphones from TABLET DISTRIBUTORS, One for me and the two other for sell in Brazil. I already openned just one, and was enough for my disappointment. The box come unsealed, the phone is refurbished, with scratches on the camera lens and flash. If this were not enough, also came without any battery. I am very disappointed with TABLET DISTRIBUTORS and Amazon. Feel advised Guys!!!

The company was great they make sure that the customers are satisfied, the only thing that had me disappointed was my phone was faulty :(, but it wasn't there fault; happens to everyone.

Starts up, but it sticks a lot. Wishing I never bought this. want my money back. I was expecting this phone to work well,,but it never works good. It sticks a lot,,hate it so muchCheck us out herewebsite. partyhousesuppliesfacebook. party house suppliesgmail.  trinipartyhouse at gmail

This is a smart phone that will not receive signal from internet. If you within range of a  wifi signal you can receive internet.I have been to 2 ATT stores and they can't get it to work. Also there was no SIM card and all instruction were in French.  Maybe this wasn't such a good deal after all. I'm not sure I even want to give it one full star.  Dennis Fluke, Sunset, TX.

I got the phone for my daughter.  She loves it.  I have used it a few times if  I can get it away from her.  I like the large screen and fonts for texting.  I do not have to use readers!!

Everything works just like it is supposed to.  I upgraded from a flip phone, so I am probably less picky than most.  Seems like a really good phone.  Wish the battery life were longer - if it is used heavily, it won't really even make it 1/2 the day.

Does everything I need plus some and its a good looking phone I give it a thumbs up. ....... ...

But I got my money after 23 days!!! afterI returned it,  I guess one of those damaged item you get once in a while???

Very powerful. Downloaded Google's speech recognition and language translation Android software to the phone and it works real time and nearly flawlessly. These are very cpu-intensive, and they work very well. Extremely impressive.LTE works well... even on T-mo's network. This was a pleasant surprise, when you can find T-mo LTE.Love the 16 GB internal flash, external flash (for lots of tunes, in my case), and 2G ram (I have never gotten any &#34;memory exceeded&#34; error messages). Most S3s have only 1G of RAM. This special AT&T; version has 2G. Big difference.Great deal at under $350 for an unlocked phone.Gets a 4 instead of 5 due to ...1) short battery life (hint, shut off the GPS, Bluetooth, and WiFi when not needed - GPS is especially a power hog).2) no UMTS 1700 band (one of T-mo's bands). Still works ok on T-mo, but I am often on Edge rather than HSPA. Edge is really slow.  Probably have to get a phone from T-mo to get this weird band.2) camera... no good way to handle backlighting (without flash)...tried stopping down the exposure, but it seemed to do nothing. Maybe I am missing something?

This is my first smartphone and I have been using it for about two months. I love it! I have all kinds of books (including the Bible and a Dictionary) on it and can play games with friends and most important, stay in touch with my kids, communicating with messages, pictures, and video clips.I like the feel of this phone and it is super easy to use. The only thing I do not like is the way to switch between or close apps, but hey- first-world problems!! I actually have to go to the home screen, then open a list of running apps. It just feels so clumsy compared with how everything else on the phone runs, which is so great.I would recommend this phone to anyone &#34;learning how to Smartphone&#34; (my daughter teased me). It isn't the latest or greatest but I saved $100s over the G4 and it seems totally worth it.

Love the GS3! Samsung makes great hardware and feature rich products. The phone is fantastic and would still think its one of the best of the high end android phones.

Great value and timely shipping. The Galaxy lived up to all my expectations: highly configurable and snappy. I installed Case-Mate's Pop cover and all is well with the world!

Phone was in very good condition but charger I received along with it was pathetic and I think it was spoiling my battery while charging.

Thank you! The galaxy III came in great condition and it was so easy to transfer onto the unlocked phone. Highly recommended!

said it was new...it was not. but. it was fine for the price. not sure I'd get anything from blutek again though

Despite not having with a quad-core processor but with a dual core processor, phone works quickly thanks to its 2 GB of memory RAM, the rest of the specs are identical to other models, however, this in particular is much cheaper so it becomes the best option.

Its mentioned unlocked but you can't update new version of andriod as its AT&T further there are more restrictions with AT&T one. However its unlocked and works in UAE

I have wanted one for a while now. This is a great product. I use Staight Talk service, and it works great. Have had it only a month, but works great. Suggest a battery saver app. I'm using Battery Booster. Downloaded it from Play Store for free. Works great. Only other thing was it was a bit slick to hold(plastic battery cover). So I bought an Otterbox Defender. Solved that issue.  I'll update if anything else changes.

I'm really disappointed. This phone does not work very well for me. My calls keep dropping or persons not hearing me. It's not a network problem because I have other phones that work perfectly. A friend of mine had one and he said he had similar problems with it.

I know you probably have read a lot of reviews on this phone.  I am not a technical person.  I just needed a phone.  I was very careful about this purchase because the reviews on here warn you if you would just read them.  From my contact with the seller at the very outset I knew this would be a good purchase.  Exactly as described, brand new unlocked phone in the box.  Awesome

I bought this for my wife because I have one and I love it.  It is a very high quality phone with all of the options you would want in a cell phone.

quality of product good  service of wireless experts outstanding.  tech explanations were very good  attitude professional friendly and knowledgable  those guys are great

The phone is amazing. I have not faced any major problem with it. HoweverIt it has problem reading my sandisk memory card. Otherwise its great buy!!!

I live in another country, so i took a while to get it.. the speaker doesn't work.. there's a electrical buzz sound coming out from speakers every time I play music, even when I'm using headphones. I don't really know what to do.

Producto en buen estado... todo bien como se describe! lo he usado y todo bien, muy buen tel&eacute;fono el mejor que he tenido!

I am not sure how the S4 is but the S3 is great so I can only imagine. I used to have an HTC Android and this phone is superior. I wanted an unlocked phone so that I could have freedom of choice in a phone carrier. The Android platform is more flexible for aftermarket programs, especially the free phone encryption applications to keep big brother out of your business. Great phone

It's 6 weeks after I got the phone and the battery is dying in front of my eyes, this is an OEM battery about 6 weeks old. I'm not a heavy user at all the opposite! I tried to contact the amazon and was told that its too late to replace it and I would have to contact the manufacturer which expressed sorrow and thats it.

Great phone takes really good pictures came early too!

So I am back to an Android phone after a year of issue after issue with a Windows phone. The loathing I had for the Windows phone made me have a greater appreciation for Droids. I researched long and hard to find the best phone and so far I am loving this phone. Not one problem in the 4 months I've used it. Of course, a rock would make a better phone than my old windows phone. thank you Samsung for making a non-sucky phone.

This phone is great it was exactly whati wanted and it shipped in good time I would recommend this item to anyone.

Sent this one to my Daughter for Christmas and she is in LOVE LOVE LOVE!  I have the Samsung SII, and this one seems light years ahead of that one!  It scans your eyelids for activity and will not go dark when you are viewing your screen - awesome!!!

I purchased this item through Amazon Prime from a company called "Breed" and it is not authentic. The sticker on the inside of the phone is something printed on a home printer (with poor print quality).I called Samsung customer service and the IMEI number was a legitimate one (the phone was made 11 months ago) but it was mysteriously out of warranty already.  Next, I called AT&T; and told them I had bought this new phone and would they be able to accept it. They looked up the IMEI number and it turns out that the phone had been through their liquidation department. The rep explained that this meant that the phone had been returned and it was considered defective. This explains why the phone no longer carries the 1-year warranty.I called Amazon customer support and they will give me a refund but they seemed very relaxed about the whole thing. They will not report this back to "Breed".  I am outraged! I paid almost four hundred dollars and got a knock off or, at best, a refurb.  I had stayed away from e-Bay because I did not want to get a phone that was not authentic. I put my trust in the Amazon Prime program. This phone was warehoused and shipped by Amazon on behalf of "Breed" which is a business name for a company called "Unlocked Cell Phone Kings Inc."I am so disappointed that Amazon Prime is not a brand that can be trusted any more. All fellow Amazon customers, beware!

Does everything you want it to do and more.....this one was brand new out of the box.....at&t brand unlocked.  Using it on Straight Talk and it works great.

Do not buy from Art Lobby.  You are not getting genuine items. I ordered a new phone and instead got a refurbish one and in addition, the phone is not working properly.  Will definitely return this item.

the phone was locked,I was so upset

no need to go on about the S III .  The shipping, price and everything was really good.  I was a little curious about the packaging of the phone for being brand new as the new one I got from ATT a year or so ago was packaged quite a bit nicer making one wonder is this phone really brand new?  However it works great and shows no signs of prior use so as long as it &#34;keeps on ticking&#34; all is well.

I got this phone. It was awesome. I rooted it and It works great. I have a prepaid connection and it works amazing. I have compared it to my friends Nexus and the S4 and it phone is STILL better. Highly recommend.

I really like it, a great value for the price.The Phone was new in the original packaging, the seller just opened it and started it up to unlock the carrier?  The delivery was as specified.

Because I problem with this phone. The phone turn off suddenly also have 2 line like the lettler T on the screen. Don't working properly.  Is the reason that give that rating.

This was Amazons disclosure to meWe expect all sellers to maintain the same high standard of customer service that Amazon does, and we encourage buyers to try to reach a solution with their seller where possible. The A-to-z Guarantee exists as a final resort for buyers who have not been able to find a satisfactory resolution, or in cases where a seller is unwilling to engage in correspondence with the buyer.If your item isn't working properly, please check the product manual and Amazon.com detail page for troubleshooting steps.I informed the seller why I needed to return this item. This was the sellers response.&#34;I did look into this for you, this company runs on Sprint towers so you need a sprint phone to use it on their network not an UNLOCKED GSM phone. If you like you can return this item for a refund&#34;PUTRA 6364816735 Saticoy St Ste 113Van Nuys CA 91406I returned this item because it did not work on my network. It is certainly unreasonable for me to return an item by mailing it to you at my expense and then pay you a $60.00 restocking fee for the privilege. Now you have my product and my $60.00. I have shopped Amazon.com for years and have never had to return anything. I felt secure in your business practices. I can not forgive what you allowed PUT to do to me. I did not respond to your final disposition because I have made a conscious decision to never do business with you again.. I guess I was nave. I actually believed the A to Z Guarantee.

I expected a nice looking unlocked phone but what I received what a bruised unlocked phone. Didn't even realized it was unlocked till I got home and almost my friend because of it.

I kept my fingers crossed that they would be no issues or problems with this phone when I received it like other reviews I saw and so far so good. I love this phone,

to me the difference between this and the I9300 is negligible you get the same features and it works just fine no compliants

It was simple, just slip in the sim card, enter email and Wi-Fi in settings, and blast off! It's really fun with my Samsung Smart TV

Miniscule amounts of damage to the sides but a perfect screen, looks like its been replaced. Bought used from JP Mobiles, first phone wouldn't recognize inserted sim card but return was quick and second phone was received within a day. Second phone worked perfect after setting APN file. Defectives are a normal occurance when buying used electronics but seller was friendly and helpful throughout whole order.

it took a few more days than expected, but the phone is great.is original from at&t; but works perfectly on other carriers.

Phone had static issues out of the box, then front camera went. then it stopped vibrating.sending it back to Tablet distributors.

The phone is providing the services intended for. I like the features and its ease of use. Very similar to the SII that I had before. I recommend this phone for At&t and T-Mobile service users as the phone is unlocked.

Its brand new and in mint condition, perfectly unlocked thus it start working at 4G speed here in Kingston, Jamaica right out of the box...... the one little issue was with battery which had to be charge daily......  So coming from a BlackBerry 9700 I now see what I was missing....

Jus receive my fone today, good condition...matter fact it's outstanding.... I like it.... It's brand new it came in a box as if u was to go to the store n buy it.....

Had the Nexus 4, hated it, bought this galaxy s3 and love. Fery fast and has Lte support, No lag at all.

I have not used it much yet because I'm still stateside, but my son assures me that it is great, so great he has it and I only hope I get it back!

This was a Franken Phone meaning it was cobbled together with spare phone parts the serial numbers did not match up from the back of the phone to what the System settings said neither did the phones model number.  Seller However did give full refund when phone was received by them.

The shipping was fast, but the item would not hold a signal and the sim card would not lock into the slot. When you made a call you could talk for a few minutes and the phone would drop the call and it took a few minutes for the phone to get a signal back to make a call.

Not as user friendly as it could be.....Don't like having the user manual only online.  Loaded with too many apps that we will never use.  Have had some success eliminating some of them which helps.  Selection of ringtones not very good either.....

Economical, and easy to transfer phone carriers at will of the beholder. Everything was brand new, but the phone came programmed in German. Easy fix with very little knowledge of conversational kraut. Alles ist Gut!

i love it,it is great no problems so far.received as described unlocked,am in the caribbean and when i inserted my sim card connected to my net work right away,the only issue i have i cannot get to update to jelly bean any advise would be appriciated

i just purchased a GS3 from JET SET MARKET and i am ABSOLUTELY satisfied with my buy. They were very professional, helpful and fast. I was a little reluctant in trusting the buyer as i have never purchased anything like this before... but I am very happy that i did it... and i will definitely come back and buy more from JET SET MARKET. Five stars very well deserved. Thank YOU.

BUT WAS DISSAPOINTED WHEN I TRY TAKING A PICTURE THE CAMERA WAS ALL DIRTY AND MY PICTURES CAME OUT WITH ALL SORT OF ARTAFACTS IN IT I TOOK IT TO BE FIXED AND WAS TOLD IT A DIRT IN THE CAMERA IT SELF A MANUFACTURE DEFECT SO NOW I HAVE TO BUY A CAMERA TO REPLACE THE ONE THAT IT COMES WITH
