
No complaints. Phone looked as it was advertised on site. Very happy with it and had no problems since purchase.

it is greatonly thing is it does have a limited choice of alternative language keyboard option for a international phone

This arrived within days of ordering it, super fast shipping from seller. The phone was in new condition but definietly was not a US version...the user's guide was in Romanian. NOTE: YOU WILL HAVE TO SET UP YOUR NETWORK TO USE PACKAGE DATA.I learned this after hours of searching for a solution, YouTube may have a video for you, but if you have AT&T;:Go to Applications -> Settings -> Wireless and Network -> Mobile Networks -> Access Point Names -> Add APNAPN: wap.cingularUsername: WAP@cingularGPRS.comPW: cingular1.....I thinkMMSC: [...]MMS Proxy: wireless.cingluar.comMMS Port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410APN Type: internet + mmsThis saves hours and is the ONLY way to use your package data.

since its a good price and use phone.But I didn't see any us warranty ,please answer me I have asked when I got this product.

Galaxy ACE 2 is amazing, very beautiful and fast, The battery life is normal for this phone!, I recommend black color for man and white for woman :) This phone is recommended for Digitel 3G on Venezuela ;)!

I like this cell phone. I has some cons but for the price, I don't expect more features that this phone can offer.

A good phone, 100% recommended for Venezuela, this team is for lines with 3G Movilnet and Movistar, Digitel to no good.

According to product description, I bought a Samsung GT-I8160L Galaxy Ace 2 but, when the courier left the package, the device was another. I did not accept the device, but I do not have any feedback yet.

There are a couple of wierd quirks with our Samsung smart phones, such as the way they manage internal memory vs. the micro SD card, but overall we are well pleased with our three Samsung Galaxy phones.  The other two are similar to this but have dual SIM cards.My daughert has mentioned several times that she loves her new phone.  It replaced a Nokia.  The Nokia was a very well-made phone, but the screen and signal reception are better on the Samsung.Her work phone is an iPhone 4.  The iPhone is clearly more powerful for running aps and has a better camera and some other cooler features, but for the price difference, the Samsung is a better value.

Great for use Overseas.I bought this as a backup for a trip to Israel.  Initially I used an Israeli SIM card in my US Verizon phone.  It worked great until the screen cracked and they could not fix it there.  (They do not sell Razr M in Israel).Luckily I bought this phone and it worked great.  I had a micro SD card there and with an adapter I bought there was able to make it work in this phone which has a bigger SIM slot.Best part... it was easy to figure out quickly and just get on with my trip.  Good job Samsung!

I have a small issue with the panel and called up Samsung services in US. I was told by the representative that this model is only made for UK and it is not supported for the US. He told me to contact the UK service center and that I would need to ship it to UK. This is a total misrepresentation of information. Is there a way I can sue Amazon?

BUEN DIA ESTE PRODUCTO ES EXCELENTE LO RECIBI SIN DETERIORO BUENA SENAL BUENA BUENA PROGRAMACION BUEN COLOR NITIDO RAPIDO LO RECOMIENDO

The product that I get is not what you buy, came the international version. It brings the Spanish language. the seller did not solved the problem, I sent mensajesy anything. not recommended.

it is a great great cellphone do not be afraid to buy it and it works correctly in Costa Rica

the model sent was not what was purchased, I bought Samsung GT'I8160L but the seller send Samsung GT S7560M, I wanted my phone works with 1900 MHZ band 3G but this phone dont. I can use this phone only in 2G or I had to change celphone company.

I love this phone. I ordered  5 phones in the past four months. But, this one is a keeper, I am finally happy with the phone I purchased.

This phone is great for its price. One important thing in Venezuela it will only work with 3G or H with Movilnet and movistar. It will not work on Digitel.

La compra de este celular estuvo excelente, tanto el vendedor como el producto resultaron bien. El celular es tal cual la descripci&oacute;n, funciona con Movilnet, Movistar y Digitel; ac&aacute; en Venezuela.Todo bien y sin contratiempos. Lo recomiendo!

Excelente telefono Samsung GT-I8160L Galaxy Ace 2 Unlocked, compre 2 y son totalmente nuevos de paquete, bonitos, livianos, teclado tactil amplio, rapidos para navegar, buen sistema operativo, para movilnet y movistar en venezuela esta version Samsung GT-I8160L. sin la L (Samsung GT-I8160) es para Digitel. Buena tiende PVCS la recomiendo son de Honor envian lo que dicen que envian son correctos.Excellent phone Samsung Galaxy Ace GT-I8160L 2 Unlocked, buy 2 pack are brand new, beautiful, light, large tactile keypad, fast to navigate, good operating system for movilnet and Movistar in Venezuela this version Samsung GT-I8160L. without the L (Samsung GT-I8160) is to Digitel. Good store PVCS, I recommend, are Honor, send what they promise, are correct. Thanks PVCS.

Bought this phone to use with H2o Wireless (AT&T;'s network).  Inserted the SIM, and it connected right up.  When I first turned the phone on, the language was set to Spanish, so it took a few minutes to navigate/stumble through the settings and change it to English.This is my wife's first smartphone, and so far she loves it!  It has decent battery life, is very responsive, and gets the job done.

I received the product promptly. It works very well. It is precisely the model that was in need. Has appropriate size and is very elegant.

El celular lleg&oacute; en perfectas condiciones. Excelente celular estoy encantada! Facil de usar con muchas aplicaciones y funciona en Venezuela con Movistar! Me gusta lo grande que son los n&uacute;meros para marcar y las letras para escribir son bastantes c&oacute;modas. La pantalla t&aacute;ctil es una maravilla, lo recomiendo ampliamente.

A excellent smartphone!!!It works great, very smooth. The only thing that I don't love is that the screen gets a lot of fingerprints but that is the only thing, the rest is amazing.Very recommended product.

My bars are normally low (2 out of 5 - if I'm lucky).I am unable to pair my car with my phone's blue tooth.When I am having a conversation on the phone, there is always a high, screeching sound that hurts my ear.I would like to return this phone.

I boght this cell phone for my wife, and she loved it since the begining. Well made and for the price is a very good quality phone. It would be better if we could update the firmware to the latest one, since this is the newer version of the ACE.

Excellent, it's beautiful, it works completely, rises in Venezuela Movistar 3G.It came with all accessories.thank you very much

I assumed when a phone was unlocked, you could use it at any carrier.I purchased this phone and have contract with at&t.; I could only use the phone to make or take calls.

The phone is really nice I like the design and white color.It is a 3G phone but it does not support the 1700mhz band that SIMPLE MOBILE requires so it will operate at 2G (EDGE) speed on THEIR NETWORK.

since we got it, it has been amazing. we use it for everything, including watching movies and listening to music

excelent service,I chose this rate because I like the product sansung, is reliable and is a good producti recomment this product my family and  frents

I bought this cellphone for my mom, and she loves it very user friendly nice size and my mom is not too techy still she understands how to use it and now is even playing games posting comments in Facebook, she is having fun with this little thing!

First off for the price this is a good cell phone comes with gingerbread 2.3.6 i heard its upgradable,battery life is good,wifi excellent pictures also excellent didnt have the alert issue like others, memory not so good i believe its only 4gigNow for the issues i had.this is a international cell phone that will only pick up 3G network internationaly if your in the U.S like me you will only get 2G/E edge network which is slow ive been with net10,t-mobile,and at&t; prepaid and only got 2G speeds,and im paying data charges but not really using it.its been past my 30days so im just stuck with it ill just use it as a back up cell,i also had trouble with picture mail when i was with net10,NOTE:i tried all the youtube remedies none helped changing the APN,dialing that **454***...also changed carriers so if you dont care about internet speed this is for you If you do shop around for a U.S cell phone i hope this helps.

This product meet all my needings.  That's all that i need.It's a very well telephone to work even today.

The computer runs smoothly, has good details and execution, great team for daily use. The only downside is that no Spanish.

I was so skeptical of changing to an Android, I really didn't want to, but iPhones are so crazy expensive (unlocked) that I pretty much didn't have any other choice.  And I love it.  So easy to use, you get a hang of it after playing with it for a while.  It does seem to get stuck a little sometimes (it takes its time to change from app to app sometimes), I do miss some features from my iPod touch, like having my camera button in the locked screen, being able to take a picture of the screen (don't know if you can do it with this phone), and I haven't been able to find the zoom option when I take a picture, but it's alright.  It is a good phone, reasonable price, nice presentation, I really like it.

Fist off you must be clear what kind user you are, second a good understanding what exactly you get for the price, this is simple. I bought this for my girlfriend wich basically her requirement is a decent camera and a functional no lagging phone with out expend a lot of money for last gadget with fancy function that being honest most of then doesn't work.It work great, screen neat, white color look elegant, no lagging at all all the app work fine, camara has a decent 5px with clear image even under low light condition, indoor, outdoor are gorgeous , size just enougth it fit in my hand allowing me operate it with no problems and also right size to text, and browsing confortably, andI highly recommend to everyone who looking for a mid range phone this is the best option over other brands : htc, huawey, Sony.Positive:1.Great value for the money.2.White make looks elegant.3.Hardware more than enougth to make phone works flawsy and smoth.4.screen clear and beautyfull.5.Balanced camara for most of the common situation.6.Responsive.7. SD slotnegative:1. Could be updated to the last android version JB or at least ICS instead GB.2. Plastic cover, I don't need to say much about it even on High end S series is the worse in Samsung device.

The problem with the phone is that it was originally produced for the European market, so there is no US support or warranty. (Although the description notes there is a warranty.) The phone came set to the Greek language, which I do not speak, so it took a while to figure out how to change it. There is also no manuel, but I was able to download one from amazon.uk. Otherwise I like the phone because it suits my needs, which does not include downloading a lot of apps, music or games, and I can use it, when I travel to Europe.

I love it and very happy to buy S3 when they have anounced S4 is coming soon into the market No issue with phone

Great phone for great price.The experience may not be like Apple but this is more than worth for its price.What I like most is, you can customize desktop with small collection of wizards. Also you can add multiple desktop screens.The app collection on android is pretty good.

very good phone buy this for my dad and good camera excellent highly recommended fast and good price. This is version for Latinoam&eacute;rican

Although this is an older model for Samsung, it looks and feels just like the S3 mini.  Both of which are sold outside the US market.  Not as many bells and whistles and no jellybean 4.1, but for my needs it is perfect. I am using with a sim card plan in the states and haven't had any issues so far.  This is not a big phone, it is almost identical in size to an iPod touch.  The wifi works great in my home; I currently do not have a data plan; so I can't comment on the 3G capability.  I do notice; however, that the signal will at times say 3G when I am out and about.  This is because t-mobile has 3G towers that they use and are not specifically for data only.  Because this a phone designed for out of US, I'm not sure it has the correct GSM 1700/2100 combo needed for 3G/4G usage.

The phone I use for a few days, after the phone don't work and I send it to 2250 Homecrest Ave. Brooklyn, NY 11229 under warranty. They never returned my phone, and they never refunded my money. I present a complaint to FTC Bureau of Consumer Protection. They stole me $225.96.

El tel&eacute;fono es excelente, sin embargo, el modelo que recib&iacute; es el GT-8160L y este no tiene la banda 3G de 900 MHz. Raz&oacute;n por la cual no estoy contento con el tel&eacute;fono.

This is a really good looking unlocked phone.  I slipped my Straight Talk SIM card in and now I'm up and running.  I deducted a star for not having the latest Android operating system.

excelente compra, me gusto mucho delicado y f&aacute;cil de manejar, llego en muy buenas condiciones con todos sus componentes descritos en la publicidad.

product as described by seller, love Samsung phones , has almost all the great quality of a SIII, it was a gift for my sister and she was thrill with it, her satisfaction face when she got it was priceless

delivered before expected. Works well, I just did not like the fact that it is not able to updated to jellybean. other wise good for what I paid.

I bought this phone and I was expecting something, I have to tell you that I received exactly what I was expecting. I'm so happy, it's in great conditions

Was excelent... all good without complain, it was quick and easy to me and the cell phone It just what I need

At the time of this review, I've had the phone for about 4 days and so far so good.  Apps run smoothly and I have not experienced any frozen or buggy apps so far.  Call quality is good and messages go through as they should. Everything about this phone works great.I live in the Caribbean and I have not tried out the phone using data but using the wifi in my house, apps that require internet run quickly and smoothly.I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone who's on a budget and is looking for a decent, midrange smartphone.

Recomend this product. US t-mobile 3G. Good,Good!!!5 star, I love it.Nice phone, good size, and all wonking in good way.thank you SAMSUNG.

But the head phones doesn't work, it works good, the battery life is good, is fast phone, run many aplications, just still not getting updates to android 4.0+

When I see most Samsung handsets, they're mostly International Version.  The handset is a good one, wish the screen was larger, but then that would inflate the cost more due to demand.  With the international version, at least with myself, I cannot update the handsets software, still stuck with Gingerbread.  The Ace 2 is a compact version of the more popular Galaxy S models and while it lacks the screen size (3.8&#34;) it offers portability.A lesson learned, when this device becomes obsolete, I will definitely look for US versions and perhaps extend my search to the brick and mortar stores.

Equipo muy r&aacute;pido, me lleg&oacute; la versi&oacute;n GT-I8160L (1.900 Mhz, Movistar y Movilnet); si requiere estabilidad al navegar 3G recomiendo Movistar, es la operadora m&aacute;s estable de Venezuela. La versi&oacute;n GT-I8160 (900 Mhz) es s&oacute;lo para Digitel (pendiente con esto). Me decepcion&oacute; la c&aacute;mara, no tiene un bot&oacute;n f&iacute;sico ni posee zoom.

The battery only lasts about 8-10 hours on standby if you don't use it at all. Even if you turn off the screen and it is "locked" the phone will make calls while in your pocket and you never know what applications might be activated without you touching anything on the phone. If you are calling a business with a menu that requires you to enter a number it is a three step process. First you have to reactivate the screen that has gone dark, then you have to choose the keypad for the phone, then you can press the appropriate number. This phone also includes unwanted obnoxious alert tones that randomly activate if there is severe whether or someone is kidnapped. But the best part is that when it decides it needs to update something it changes all your preferences and deletes your applications from the home screen.The only good thing about this phone is that it takes good pictures.

This is a really nice phone. Comes with android 2.3.6 installed. As it is unlocked, works with both Claro and Orange carriers in the Dominican Republic.

I am middle aged and not so tech savy, it took about 15 minutes for me to figure out every thing that I needed to.  Very easy to learn.  It has better reception that the Blackberry that I was replacing.

I reached my hands in perfect conditionIt was easy to set up and works with any operatingThe equipment is available asCongratulations Amazon.com

This phone is excellent and i love it.  The only thing is when i put my AT&T sims card, 3g is not working.  I called up AT&T and they told me that i have to order a new sims card for 3g.  I only switch my sims card on my other smart phone.  I'm just wondering, why i don't have 3g on this phone but i have 3g on my other smart phone.

I'd not force anyone to buy this phone. But I personally like/love this phone.If I want to buy another phone, I'd buy Samsung Galaxy Ace 2 (White).

I just received my samsung galaxy GT-8160L and I must say that I love it! Everything works perfectly in here (Venezuela) and is very easy to use, if you have the chance just buy it!

I wanted a good smartphone that doesn't require a data plan and this is very good, I just popped in the SIM card, no problems at all. Does everything I want it to do, though it is rather light on the memory... and it has crashed at least once.Lasts for several days if you have your 3G, bluetooth, wireless and GPS turned off. I only switch those things on when I need them.

Everything of smartphone with under $300 :) happy to use it. Will surely recommend for friends and Android lovers... :)

recomendado cien por ci e n t o d d d d d d d d d d d d

Great phone...I just want to public to know that I bought the GT-I8160L model and works great in Ecuador, I did a lot of research because the other models don't work in my country, so be careful about this when buying this phone.Besides that, the phone has been great!!!
