
I bought this because I didn't want to get the same phone as my ex--Xperia Play--but I wanted a Sony Xperia, and I wanted an Android. Plus this had a decent price tag, and since it wasn't tiny like the HP Veer (which I had initially chosen and ultimately returned), I thought it'd be the best fit for me for the money.Looking at it, it probably isn't the most visually appealing phone on the planet. It is rectangular, relatively slim and fits pretty nicely in your hand, and the clear strip toward the bottom of the phone lights up depending upon the color theme you choose. The bottom of the phone has a removable color cap that you can choose to pull off and replace with another color (I bought the black Xperia with an optional white cap). I only recently learned how to remove the cap, but I don't plan on putting the white cap on--don't see any importance in the matter. There's also some kind of green bulb on the back--cosmetic purpose?This phone has a front and back facing camera. I didn't realize I was in for this kind of treat when I bought it. Though I haven't used it yet, I am capable of face chatting with people using this phone. In order to get the Sim card in, you have to pull off the back of the phone and insert it in the side like you would an SD card (and this does NOT have an SD card slot--disappointing). I like for my phones to back up as mp3 players, and the fact this did not have expandable memory almost convinced me to return it. I thought I'd give it a fair chance. However, I do appreciate not being forced to turn my phone completely off in order to insert/eject the sim card. It tends to restart itself once it realizes you have inserted, but it is fully functional even without a card, so you can still use your phone if you pull it out, unlike some other phones.It comes with Gingerbread, but it is capable of running Ice Cream Sandwich. With ICS I feel there's some sluggishness. Either I've adapted to the speed or the speed has improved.I have only had this phone for a few months, and I'm having some issues with the battery already. I thought using Power Management (this turns off data traffic while the screen is off, but turns it back on when the screen is on) would be a huge improvement. It turned out not to be. I turned off Power Management yesterday, and I actually see my battery lasts longer without it. I have no emails or accounts syncing, my screen is at its lowest brightness....I'm going to see if the Mobile BRAVIA Engine (quality enhancer for pictures/videos) was the issue.Overall I love this phone. It's a great purchase for anyone looking for a GSM unlocked at a good price or someone who wants a good Android and doesn't need tons of space for much more than apps. It's also proved to be an awesome starter Android phone for me.

Phone works amazingly goodIt is fast, stable, reliable, have good video quality.For a cheap phone it has a lot of features an good specs.It is sad that it does not have SD slot, but 4GB is more than enough for regular usage.

i thought it was cheaper in usa, but no, similar price in China.3 things bother me most:1st, no missed calls in the call log, many people have the same problem.2nd, to unlock the screen, you have to use the power button everytime.3rd, the battery is not so lasting.

but the battery really bad, the cell phone is very usefull but the life of the battery makes you hate it now and then!

For the love of all that is holy, don't waste your money on this horrible phone. It glitches after 3 months, constantly goes into airplane mode saying Emergency calls only. It keeps saying service unavailble and then will randomly send out sent messages at 1 in the morning. Do yourself a favor and STAY AWAY from this craptacular phone.

Sony Xperia UGeneral:The Sony Xperia U is an entry level Android device at a very reasonable price point of $219 (Although I find the price constantly fluctuating on Amazon).  Keep in mind, if it's not already clear to you now, that this is a very small/thin phone.  Using the iPhone as a reference, the Xperia U 3.5 in display is NOT like the iPhone's 3.5 in.  Xperia U's display is taller but thinner (considerably so, which you'll notice when the keyboard comes up and how tiny certain icons such as battery, service bar, and general font), which still satisfies the 3.5 in, but keep that in mind when purchasing (I personally like small phones, not into the whole mini-tv in my pocket kinda thing).  The phones I've owned in the past couple years are the Droid Pro Plus, Mytouch 4g, Blackberry Curve, Mytouch 3g slide, and the original iPhone.  This is to help give the reader a sense of where I'm coming from and what I'm comparing to.  I really enjoyed the Droid Pro Plus, which was my last phone before this phone, but I sustained a little bit of water damage on a hiking trip so I figured I'd try something new.  I'm pretty picky, so the things that bother me might not bother you, but here goes:Pros:1. Fasta. The phone is very responsive with the Dual-core 1 GHz processorb. Very little lag overall.  Using Angry Birds as the reference, cuz everyone's played Angry Birds, there's slight choppiness with the background enabled in the game but it's perfectly smooth with it disengaged.  It's never really stalled even with background enabled, only the FPS has dipped a bit and it's a bit noticeable, but other than that no issues.c. Browsing with the phone is also a nice experience (in regards to speed).  I've browsed through CNET, Gizmodo, and Slickdeals, which all have a lot of stuff on their pages.  The pages load pretty quickly (on wi-fi - I've noticed most of the time the bottle neck is the phone not the connection, so even on wifi I've had phones that took a while to load pages) and when scrolling, there's a slight millisecond lag with every scroll, but it's consistent and smooth enough for me.2. Crisp Displaya. The clarity of the screen is very nice with 480 x 854 pixels, 3.5 inches (~280 ppi pixel density)b. You really can't see any pixels with the naked eye3. Dedicated Camera Buttona. Makes it much easier to take pictures, there's a light press, which autofocuses, and a strong press, which actually takes the picture.b. The key also allows you to take a picture outside of the lock screen in case you need to take a quick snapshot at something and don't feel like unlocking your device, finding the camera app and then taking the picture.  Nice little touchc. In my opinion, the 5MP camera is good enough for the phone.  It's certainly not the best camera out there, but it's far from the worst.  It's just average.  A little noise here and there.4. Swypea. This is really the first time I've really used Swype.  I don't know what changed, but before I didn't like using it, now with this device I love it.  I don't have particularly large or small hands, but this phone feels better with one hand than using it with 2 hands, just imo.  So Swype really saved it for me, but you have to download it.5. Front Facing Cameraa. Honestly, I haven't used it yet, but it's a nifty feature that I haven't really had on other phones so it's a plus for me. Skype and taking pictures of myself I guess.6. Phone/Voice Qualitya. Now this phone doesn't really beat the Droid Pro Plus or Blackberry Curve in loudness and clarity of voice, but it's by no means "bad." It's just something to keep in mind and not get lost in all the features, forgetting the fact that the device is (or should be) primarily a phone.  The sound levels peak a bit when at its max especially when using the xLOUD function which enhances the loudness of speaker.  But nothing really new or surprising to me since most of the phones I've owned had similar issues.7. App Stackinga. Move an app over another and it stacks into a folder.  Nifty8. Screen Protectora. Comes with it in the box, that's nice.Cons:1. Textinga. Now let the reader understand, my critique is not the texting experience overall, but this is where my pickiness really shines.  When adding a new contact to text, you have to click the Write New button (indicated by a pencil and + Sign) then you have to hit Add Contact (Plus sign with a portrait) then you have to type in the Name which will eventually auto-populate, not in the bar but in the scrolling section below.  Then you have to click the name itself then press done.  My goodness, my other phone, all I had to do was press Write new, Type the name and it would usually auto-populate in the bar itself, in which case I can hit enter and I'd be done with it.  So rather than 3 motions, it takes about 5 motions to text a new buddy.  My hope is that I don't have to text new people often, luckily once you have a thread going, it's easier to get to in the inbox.2. Service Bar Indicatora. I've never really experienced this problem before, but the service bar indicator is often inaccurate.  Sometimes I'm in a place where I KNOW there's no service, but there are 2 bars.  I go ahead and test text and lo and behold, no service.  Tricky.  That gets on my nerves a bit.3. Light Bara. There is no built-in way to turn the light bar off.  It's cool...for the first 5 minutes, but there's no way to adjust brightness of it or turn it off in the system.  Luckily, the way to remedy that is to get an app called "Screen Filter."  You click-off the Enable soft-key backlight in the App settings and it goes off.  But the app will constantly stay in your notifications bar.  I'm a bit OCD so I love clearing the notification bar, but unfortunately that little Screen Filter notification will always be there unless I want the light bar on.4. Battery Lifea. As some have indicated, Battery Life isn't the best, with a Li-Ion of 1320 mAh.  What I do to preserve the battery is turn off the live wall paper, dim my lights, turn off the light bar and limit the number of widgets.  It lasts me about a day and a half, but really, I just charge it at night... why have your battery run out the middle of the next day, right?5. LED Notification Indicatora. The LED light is WEAK.  So weak in fact, that the blue indicator cannot be seen in daylight unless your face is 5 cm away from it.  It's quite useless.  Luckily, there's another app fix (sort of).  Light Flow Lite allows you do change the color of the LED light for notifications.  Customizable between e-mail, calendar, SMS, MMS, etc., so if you happen to get the phone, do yourself a favor and change your notification lights to RED as I noticed it's the strongest light that pierces through the screen.  (Still dim though.  Let's put it this way, if you're across the room and you have 20/20 vision and there's a remote light source in the room, trust me, you can't see it)6. Vibrationa. Vibration is WEAK as well.  Maybe I'm spoiled and the Droid Pro Plus and Blackberry Curve has always had strong vibrations that I could feel in my pocket, but this... doesn't really cut it for me.  I've always relied on the sound of the vibration itself rather than any sort of chime, but this phone.  I gotta have the sound on or I don't notice my texts.  Not a huge deal breaker for me, but it still kinda bothers me.7. Cameraa. I know I had this primarily as a pro, but there was this one little thing that sorta bugged me.  When going into camera mode outside of the lock-screen, you hold it down a few seconds and let go.  The thing is, it takes a picture immediately as you let go rather than going into camera mode, allowing you to actually preview what it is you're taking a picture of.  If you have a good sense of what's in front of you and what will be on the screen, good on you, but everytime I've engaged the camera, I've always had the first accidental fire of my legs or random wall fixture followed by taking the real picture.  Just something to keep in mind.8. SD Carda. There is none, so you deal with the space given.b. Not a deal breaker for me because I don't generally keep my music on the phone.  And I can always take pictures off the phone after I've uploaded it to my computer.  So even though I don't really mind, the lack of it today definitely makes it a con.So there are my little tid-bits about the phone.  Overall the phone is a great phone for the price, the cons don't really outweigh the pros for me.  If I could, i'd give a 3.75 rating, but, just rounded up cuz it def. doesn't deserve a 3 star rating.  I've yet to try a phone that really fit everything that I wanted, and this phone has many pluses... and with the other stuff, ah I'll get used it.  Oh and if you're triyng to figure out why MMS doesn't work, Click Settings > Xperia > Internet Settings and it'll d/l whatever it downloads to active it.  Android 2.3 is nice and all, but I will be expecting ICS to come out for it soon.  Sony's working on it, so stay tunedThanks!

I bought this phone becouse good price and good design. This phone has a nice style, doesn't looks like all another phones and it's fits very well in the pocket. So after using this device for a half year I can say: &#34;Keep away from this phone&#34;.Good sides:Good looking, fits well in the pocket and has scratch-resistant glass and that's it, THAT'S IT!!!Bad sides:Battery loosing power very fast, (I'm charging this phone 3 times per day). If you using GPS on this device better keep it on charging, because battery will die in 30 minutes!!!About GPS; google map will work on this phone when you don't need it, and then when you need it, it's 100% that  you got app error. And the worst thing that to restart the maps you have to restart the phone, but even if you make a restart for your device, it's not guarantee that maps will work it's can repeat againe and againe!!! of course you can download some another maps and I did, but I prefer google maps.Another problem with this phone that it's tooooooooooo slow.  Some times to open a message on it, need more than one minute, some times it's impossible to open at all.This phone freezes all the time. It's even can freeze when you trying answer the phone or send a message.This phone has a lot of bad sides ...Keep away from this garbage!!!

Alright - the phone's specifications are good for a med-priced smartphone, the camera is powerful and unlike some other manufacturers, the phone is plug n'play, making file transfers quick and easy. Screen resolution is sweet.And that was my whole 1 hour experience with the phone.You see, after an hour, the phone gave me an alert that the battery had to charge. I put it to charge. After 4 hours the phone did not charge. It was dead. Went on Sony's website and tried to see if anyone else had similar problems (apparently I was not alone). The phonerefused to charge and refused to switch on. Sad really but I think Sony made a dud here. (I've had nine phones and ALL have been Sony's - they usually take ALOT of pounding and torture before failing).BTW -  sent it back to Amazon and got a refund, no questions asked. Really, really good customer service, especially considering I returned the phone not from the States but from the Caribbean. On Amazon's part - really impressive (hence a star).I'll try another Sony phone though, the brand has been good in the past to me and one bad egg isn't enough to make me write them off completly. Another bad phone well....

excelent A1

The phone looks and runs great but when I put in my tmobile SIM it did not let me make any calls. Went to tmobile and they said that the phone hadn't been unlocked properly.The return process wasn't bad, but I would have preferred them to send me a replacement phone first and then return the damaged phone. They asked me to return the phone by printing a shipping label they sent me and told me I would get the money refunded in about 2-3 weeks. So I returned it and ordered another one. Hopefully the next one works. I also had to pay more for the new one I ordered.One other thing I noticed was there is no SD card slot, so you are stuck with the standard storage on the phone.

The phone looks great and works even better.  It was a great price for a smart phone and sony has out done themselves

Works perfectly, It's light, beautiful and fast enough to work, but it doesn't have a sd card slot, but it doesn't matter cause my mother don't need so much space in memory, she just want a new phone, but if you need more that 4GB of memory try another phone :)

This is a great android phone.I use the phone for 2 month now. With 4.0.1 It is now actually more than I need. I had to give this only 4 Stars though, because I had to call the service once to recover it from a fatal breakdown directly after I turned it on for the first time! After that is always did a good job and I only have positive things to report. Actually even the support was nice and helpful.The thing that really impressed me is the very good sound of this phone. It actually ended up replacing my iPod as the sound is the sound seems just better to me and it is comfortable to have one device less with you.I also like the display that was a big step forward after my htc aria. The comparison to the iPhone ends as usual. If you don't want to have the phone that everyone has, you think the iPhone is to expensive, and you like to actually put hand on the software of your electronics yourself, this is the better phone. You also save money, by the way and get an a bit more compact device.

it's a great phone, just what i was looking for. works perfectly in venezuela with al service providers. totally recommended.

This is a reasonably priced good performing android phone. Its a little on the small side. It doesn't offer much storage, however if you have one of those unlimited plans you could jfrust stream all you want.Pro-PriceSize good for small handsDual Core processordual cameraswill work on ATT 3gCons-size, not so good for larger handsscreen is plasticAndroid ICS update bogs the phone down

No included the lithium  battery in the Box. You Need Check the package.  one cellular Phone don't work without Battery

I have used this phone for about 3 months and it is a good device that is upgradeable to Android version 4.0.4.  I started out with version 2.3 and upgraded a couple of weeks ago.  Since then the phone seems to have a longer battery life and is even better (faster & more responsive and reliable).  This is the second Android-based phone I have purchased this year and this one was a better choice.Like:- Solid, reliable and fast performance- Responsive touch user interface with Sony UI features and support for Android ICS (4.04)- Good phone reception and wifi connectivity works well for downloads and web browsingDislike:- GPS is not the best as I use Nike+ and it has trouble picking up a signal (indoors or out)- Camera is not the best for pictures using the digital zoom and pictures can come out grainy looking, otherwise pics look good using flash- Requires  Windows based software to use certain application features and for updating the phone software- No SD card slot for external memory expansion (I don't expect to load lots of apps, music or videos on the phone though).Recommendation:A pretty good option for moderate smartphone use and fits with budget conscious consumers who would like a decent Android phone experience.  I will consider a Sony phone in the future as the company is a reputable manufacturer that provides good support for Android upgrades.  I would like to see if there will be an upgrade path to Jelly Bean for this device.

Seemed like a decent phone. But I had to return it. The reason we bought this unlocked phone was to avoid paying for a data plan from AT&T. But it turns out that is not feasible. As long as you have a smart phone, they charge you for data plan. I was hoping to use the other features like WiFi, other Android applications, etc on this phone. But if I have to still pay $$ to AT&T for data plan, the purpose of buying an unlocked phone is defeated.  Hence the phone was returned.

Excelente equipo, Sistema operativo y aplicaciones vers&aacute;tiles, insuperable dise&ntilde;o y apariencia. En t&eacute;rminos generales es una buena adquisici&oacute;n... Excelente tama&ntilde;o y dise&ntilde;o

I was disappointed with cellphone. It looks good but works horribly!I was having hard time sending text message and strained my eyes reading texts sent to me.

muy rapido, la camara es sencillamente excelente, no le doy las 5 estrellas porque no trae slot para ampliar la memoria a traves de sd card

My biggest three problems:* Phone calls volume is too low* While talking, it randomly hangs up calls* GPS didn't work at all

I purchased this phone as a back up to my iPhone 4S and recieved many compliments on the cool factor. My AT&T SIM card worked perfectly in this phone.  I will say I do not game, play music or use social networking software on my cell phones. I simply text, surf and talk.

This is my first smarphone. And I really like it. Screen responsiveness is great. Perceived quality is very good. Battery lasts for 2 or 3 days, if I dont use too much internet.It comes with the usb conector / recharger, a protective screen (Sony should also supply their tablets with those, they are great). The light bar at the bottom is useless in my opinion.

The shipping was quick and packaging was perfect. I ordered this phone because I knew it had a pretty good processor and the internal storage was sufficient. The phone can virtually do anything that you want it to.

Sluggish, eats up your SIM cards. Never purchase this phone. I have owned 3 the past year all with similar problems

I love this phone.  Works great with Tmobile and is plenty fast.  One downside would be no SD card, so if thats a necessity for you, buy the next model up.  Very cool phone for the money.

I searched several weeks the replacement of my old phone and I chose this for its excellent features and components.Its dual core makes the interface and applications move very well.Its 720p camera takes some pictures of very good quality.The only bad thing is its small storage capacity.

I loved the phone's design and features, yet did not like that I was not able to access data on it. I understand it is an unlocked phone but the seller specified that the phone was compatible to my phone carrier. I only used it a couple of months since I wasn't able to use my data plan that I was paying for. I just bought another phone, instead.

Screen Size: 3.5" HD 16:9 ratio, not HD resolution, but good enough for people under 40 years old with good eye sights.Phone Size: good for pocket, small.Storage Size: 8 GB, 4 GB usable, bit small but workable.Design & Construction: Xperia line, very attractiveBattery: User removableSim: Regular mini sim (not micro or nano)Supported Language: All supported languages in Android Gingerbread, biggest plus here.Wifi: Tested on N, fast.Camera/Video: Front and back, good for general use.Battery Cover: Pretty hard to remove, actually you press your thumbs at lower part of battery cover to push up.No NFC support.The only negative is the storage size and material of the phone, but overall it's a great entry level android phone for all ages.

All arrive in great condition. thanks for everything. Great quality great buy. Im happy for this new phone. Thanks again

I had a shot to this phone - and just love it!!! It's works just so smooth, fast, nice screen, speakers, cameras. Really unlocked. Could not upgrade to android 4 though. Getting error each time i am trying to, but 2.3 works just fine for me too. Plastic looks cheap though after mine Nokia  but it's ok, i prefer good work. Good phone for this price.

love the phone, I don't dislike it, hhahahahahahahah:) I like the your servist and the transportation of the produt

I really recomend this cellphone. I works great, is friendly, good resolution camera, fast wifi conection. The touch screem is soft, ad even whe it has a small screem and my hands are big, i have no problems with it.All the apps runs fast, don't get stok.

I like this product a lot but one has to buy some. of the basic apps. before using like video recording.

i was delivered a malfunctioning phone which, the show room guys say cannot be repaired. I feel so cheated lost my trust on amazon warehouse. please dont buy this product

a little smaller than the picture would make it seem, but i have had zero problems with the actual workings of the phone... plus it has the awesomne gingerbread program which makes things much more efficient. great phone, for an even greater price

I did buy 2 of this and inmediately upgrade them to ICS. After a week using them (husband and I) think they are great. Battery life is good. Plenty of customization options. Camera is pretty good considering it's only 5 megapixels. Have them with ATT prepaid plans (voice and data)and they work just great.

This is the worst product amazon provided me. This phone stops working for sometime while you are doing something like making notes or using internet.

I got this phone for $160 from Amazon lightning deal and I am very happy with this purchase.Pros,Size: phone is small so it is very convenient to carry aroundScreen: screen is visible outside under sunlight. Touchscreen is very responsive.System upgradable: overall it is a good experience. It took me about 20 mins to upgrade. Although I did notice some 1-2secs lags after upgrading, that is totally acceptable for me.Battery life: for moderate-heavy use (call, text, web browsing and app downloading), my phone lasts me a day and a half, which is great. Note you can also buy a replace battery from eBay for around 10 dollars.Cons,The bottom LED light: it's a battery drainer although I like the idea. I have no idea how to turn it completely off.Storage: only 4GB available.Camera: speed is way too slow! It took like 3sec to turn on camera and 5sec to take a picture. I will never take pictures using this phone. Also I have no idea how the dedicated camera bottom worksOverall this is a great basic smartphone

Todo bien el proveedor es muy responsable, me env&iacute;o el celular al casillero de de envi&oacute; a mi pa&iacute;s en el tiempo estimado..

really nice phone... beautiful design and nice features as expected.the difference between phones is mostly in OS version. this Android phones exceeded my expectation.I'm not the king of person who would spend 1K on an unlocked phone, but am definitely a tech savvy, heavy user.no complaints whatsoever

If provides what it offers, I consider this phone could have been better if memory could be increased with an external SD memory.Upgrade process for 4.0 ICS is not as easy as I had though on the beginning but at the end it could be done.

I choose a phone white / black (white base), but On The Go Solutions send to me a phone full black, add 1 piece base with pink, the phone full black is lower than all the phone white / black $ 35 (compared with other sellers), the serial number of the product is different, I chose to buy the ST25A phone, but the phone is sent to the serial number ST25i.I do not want to return the product because it takes a lot of my time, but next time I will not definitely purchase again On The Go Solutions.

The phone itself is beautiful, the Xperia software with android which is upgradable to 4.0 is really slick and visually pleasing. Built in dual core processor at 1GHZ makes navigating quite pleasing adding on to the device's aesthetics.HOWEVER.-This device does not operate on T-Mobile USA's 3G networks. It will only pick up T-Mobile's EDGE networks which is much much slower. (and yes, i did make sure the APN settings were correct)-This device DOES NOT HAVE A MEMORY CARD SLOT... Seriously... its 2012-2013... why are mobile devices classed as smartphones assembled without memory card slots.I wanted to love it... i really did... but these two issues are fairly large and glaring ones that keep me personally from loving this device.

phone with the best price-quality ratio, is fast and sleek and fits comfortably in the hand without any kind of problems

I purchased this phone to use with my straight talk Sim card. Everything would have been great if the phone would have recognized my Sim. Unfortunately it did not. I thought that maybe there was an issue with my Sim card so I purchased a new duplicate Sim and the phone still did not recognize it. Needless to say, I returned the phone for a refund. Buyers beware...

Meets expectations.....nice looking, easy to handle.  Was difficult to learn to use at first but i am adjusting...When i entered a new time zone and state, the time did not change and I was unable to make calls but i learned how to power off ( which is not easy) and it allowed me to make calls..the time still didn't self adjust.

I bought it because I love the look, but the phone gets very warm with several minutes of use. worst part is even when I stay at the same spot, the signal can change from 4bar to no signal, so I had many dropped calls.After I came out of basement which has no signal, the phone will not search for signals, so I have to restart it in order to have service again, very anoying.update: it's getting worse, have to restart it several times a day, because it always goes to "no service" or "emergency call only" even when i stay on the same spot, have to restart to conect to network to make calls,it's a piece of crap, wish i returned it .

The OS on it zips especially when updated to Jelly Bean. However, the experience was hindered with the small screen. The keyboard was too narrow and uncomfortable to use (installed 3rd party one and it worked better) The buttons (home / menu / back) were an annoyance to get to work over the translucent bar. Everything else worked fine. Themes were fun that went along with customizing the phone to your personality. The OS worked as expected so no complaints their. The camera could have been better for this model in comparison to previous models. Hence, it was OK overall.

I love this phone..... I received many compliments about the sleek and unique look of the phone. I also love the color change of the base.

Phone overall is not good. The Screen is too small which makes texting very difficult as the keypad is squashed to fit the screen. The battery life is TERRIBLE, lasts half a day with moderate use. The phone crashes very often, apps crash, texting crashes. After about a month of having the phone its become very unresponsive and slow, tried to get in touch with sony but the where no help at all.I would not recommend this phone to anyone, aside from its few pros (looks good, quite durable) it is not a good phone.

I really liked the slim look. I liked how it was small but powerful. The camera was nice also. Unfortunately I had to return it because it didn't work with my Verizon sim card.

cons: battery drains quicklypro: everything else. screen doesn't exactly seem 3.5 inch. looks slightly smaller than iphone's 3.5. BUt i like it. Still waiting for ICS upgrade.

how many gigabyte dose this phone come with because its pretty cheap the one with 32 gigabyte is $404 so im guessing this is like 8 gigabyte

In the beginning, it was fast and responsive. Everything reacted very fast.But after I upgraded it with ICS, the phone became very slow.Basic functions (open dialing, contacts, camera, album) needs to wait for 3~5 second. Sometimes the camera crashes due to memory problem.I regret upgrading OS to ICS. Maybe RAM is not enough for ICS.

Great phone, very fast, very nice, and a good price! Recommended. I bought two of these and still working like the first day.

Awesome phone! Hopefully a jelly bean update will arrive soon. Definitely recommend it if you want a cheap yet beautiful phone.Cool design (not like the ugly samsung s3), very light! The yellow bottom looks cool and sets it apart from other phones.

I bought this phone just a few days back. I like the look and design of the phone at this price point.However I got an error message &#34;Emergency calls only&#34; on the phone even when the network tower symbol is available on the screen.When i tried place a call it simply got disconnected without any response. I was able to make calls only after rebooting. I have noticed this issue a couple of times. The battery back-up is not good on this phone. I have made a few changes to overcome these deficiencies and continue to test this for couple of weeks because everything else is quite impressive about this set considering the specs and price.

Estoy muy contento con mi nuevo celular, no tiene nada que enviar a otrosel empaque esta acorde con el tama&ntilde;o del producto y las aplicaciones ni se digan todas funcionan.Recomendo totalmente a todo el mundo

He likes it okay...but really wanted a Nexus 4 Android phone.  He hasn't had any problems with it...screen is smaller than what he wanted, but he likes the color show.

It's just great, from the moment it came to my home, i just start loving it!! All the apps, the size, the colors, It's just PERFECT

When I received my cellphone it was not the color I expected, clearly yhe advertisement says, BLACK / PINK COLOR and I got a BLACK / BLACK COLOR this was really disappointing because I bought it as a GIFT.

Purchased the phone for my husband.  Calls keep dropping or the calls do not go through.  One has to consistently restart the phone for the calls to go through which was very annoying.  Contacted Sony and was given suggestions to do updates for software but still having the same issue.  Slick looking phone but functioning sucks! Not a problem with the carrier.  What is the point of getting a phone where the calls do not get through?? Very disappointed.

I've had this phone for a month and so far so good. Everything as expected from the description.If there is something I don't like is battery duration, if used for internet sometimes it doesn't even make to evening, so it needs recharging during the day.What I like most is the light -very fancy.

Worked like charm the first two months and then showed its true colours. Presently, 7 months later:1. Phone book and dialer takes 30 seconds to load. In a moving vehicle, or when the phone's not in the 'mood', it takes even longer.2. Camera would hardly respond while on the move. It seems to have a mind of its own in any case so loading speed really depends on its mood. In general, one needs to press the button real hard and forget about it for a while for the camera to load.3. Message takes a long time to load and sometimes hangs too. Pretty useless if one is in a hurry.4. Photo viewer hangs just like that.5. Pathetic photo editor...ruins an otherwise good photo if you try to improve it.6. Google Maps just hangs when you need it the most.7. Does not allow any upgrades to the OS. We did it once and it almost stopped working so we had to factory reset it.8. Camera flash. I cannot call it a flash since it's just  a very weak light that goes on but does not really work.9. Takes a long time to take pictures.10. Most importantly, it's battery is just too weak to keep 3G on, or data on or wi-fi on. So, if any one of these is left on, the phone dies in like just  a few hours. It dies at the rate of 10% every 15 minutes or so. With all of these off, it stays for a couple of days.10. The only things good about it are its sleek feel, appearance and size. Music player functions well. So, it's really an MP3 player...not a phone.All in all, a waste of a phone since dialer, phone book, and messaging just don't function well enough. With such weak battery, one wont really call it a smart phone. 'Smart' needs redefining with a phone like this. Would never recommend it. Piece of trash.

I bought this one for my wife because she wanted a smartphone but didn't want anything flashy or expensive. When I put it in my hands it feels cheap and light. It's made of cheap plastic and the battery will not last a whole day without charging if you use the phone frequently. My wife is uses the phone occasionally so it's fine for her and she's on prepaid. I would not recommend this phone for heavy users. I used to be a big fan of Sony but not anymore.

This is my first smartphone, bought to use with straight talk.  Did not plan to do a lot of browsing.  This fit my budget for a 2012-release phone and the Xperia phones have good customer satisfaction.  It came down to the U or the P, which is a fair amount pricier but the same phone (processor) with more memory and an SD slot plus a slightly larger screen.  ignored friend's advice that I get the pricier phone for the additional memory (he's a gamer), and so far I don't regret it.  Lots of memory left ovcr for the several apps I have installed, and no need for an external SD card if you aren't into video or music.  Even then, there's the Cloud if you have wi-fi.  Reception is good and calls are clear.  typing is definitely a little cramped on the 3.5" screen, but it has an auto landscape mode that makes it acceptable.  If you are a texter or use a huge number of apps, the P might make sense.  I'm good with thisUpsides:  great price for the CPU and graphics.  great look and feel.  comes with a sony screen protector but no case, which is needed as it is a delicate little thing.  would be a great phone for someone with delicate fingers, I get by. says you can upgrade to ICS but I have enough trouble figuring out 2.3 so until it is clear the upgrade is needed I'll stick with itDownside: battery life is limited.  My old flip phone used to hold a charge for most of a week, and this one needs daily feeding, more if you leave the wifi on. I am sure the color stripe (which has no perceivable useful function and cannot be turned off) has some role in this, but a 1200 mA-hr cell doesn't go far .  Wonder if it will accept larger cells.An excellent phone, would buy again.  Comes with a 12 month Sony warranty in original box and shrink wrap.  Nicer than the Motorola Atrix I demoed, despite having a slightly narrower screenAddendum: have seen other reviewers comment on damage to the phone.  This is a fairly delicate plastic-body and screen phone.  One would be foolish not to clad it in a case + screen protector.  The Ecell case (available on Amazon for about $5) is really nice as a minimalist case, and will protect as well as  make it less likely to drop the phone.  There are also some beefier cases out there.Addendum #2"  I wear Carharrt pants with side-leg cell phone pockets and even with the case, this phone fits in there like a glove.  Try that Samsung S II

Yep I love this phone....though I got the white and yellow, it came with a white, black and yellow base. The light at the bottom shines a variety of colors...right now it's on pink. I like using my phone.....great software and works fine....internal antenna is great for good call reception. The battery life has been good but it dies quickly with much app use....the speaker works well.....all in all a great phone for the average user like me....

My expectations were met. I got it on time it was for a friend. She loves it but was thinking the screen was larger... Over all she is satisfied

I've only had this phone for a day. First impressions are:Screen: It's bright and nice. Not as nice as my previous Nokia E7 (About 4 inches), but good enough for a $200 phone.Processor: Brilliant. Quick and responsive. Android 4.0 running now and all apps work as a breeze. Words with Friends, Draw Something, and Facebook messenger running together with no lag. My friends with iPhones have told me that this phone is quicker than theirs.OS: Android Ice Cream Sandwich. Good.Battery: The battery does not last "long". By long I mean I played games all day and the battery was out by 2 AM. I don't think any other phone would've lasted longer though (definitely lasts longer than any i device)Camera: Is not that great compared to my Nokia E7 (8 MP). But, still okay. Nothing too bad.

I bought this phone for my dad... he came from a Nokia C3 and this was a &#34;quantum leap&#34; forward in terms of technology... He's very pleased with all the functions (this phone is factory unlocked, so he's constantly changin SIMs).

This phone is pretty good, brand is one of the best on the market, despite being used is like new and works perfectly

this phone is realy good for the price ,evriting works like i was specting ,very nice phone good for sony

Not much to say! Nice phone but very disappointed to find out that 3G does not work with AT&T when it should be the case according to the product description!!! And I just reached the return window!! This is not right to give people false information.

After 2 months, this cell phone starts to go crazy. If your not using it in aan hour or two, no signal, meaning you can not receive calls or text and no out going calls. So, you have to off and on the godamn phone. What a waste. Now, i switch again to my 3 yrs old phone.

I'm a tech geek and have used many mobiles over the years. I've used Palm, Blackberry, WinMobile, Webos, Ios, Meego, WP7 and Android. So I know the differences. Having used many of them, I have made Android my primary phone. The reasons for me are simple - I like to be in charge of my device. Customization is a choice, it is not mandatory. Many iphone owners will say oh you have to tweak your Android phone to make it useful. Nothing can be further from truth. It is entirely up to the user. There are many cool things you can do with Android that you never can on any iphone.- A proper file manager/USB storage: what is it and why it matters? If you used any USB flash drive, you know how it works. You just plug it in and it shows up as a drive and you can drag and drop ANY file in it. Android works the same way. There is no special itunes/zune-like software you need to manage your phone. It's sad that Apple charges so much for higher capacity iphones yet the storage can not be managed in any way YOU please. It's strictly designed to be a consume devices - music and video.- "AirDroid" - simple and free app for Android that allows you to do nearly everything from a browser interface without even touching your phone. this includes file transfer, app management, send/receive txts and much more. this is very convenient because you can have your phone in your pocket.- "mysms" or "mighty text" - these are also handy as they allow you to send/receive sms without even touching your phone as long as your phone has working signal. pretty awesome in office environment.Mind you, 90% of Android customization can be done by anyone irrespective of tech knowledge. There is no rooting(aka jailbreaking in Ios world) needed. Iphone users will tell you once you jailbreak an iphone, it can be made to work like Android. Again that's completely false. Jailbreaking idevice allows a little customization but it's nowhere near Android. And you still can't do anything you want. For instance- you still can't properly manage that storage on your idevice even after jailbreaking. Because jailbreaking doesn't change the core OS or how it behaves.Pros:Great battery life. Charges pretty fast. Mine charges fully in roughly about an hour.Highly portable. very lightweight.Openness + Customization of Android.Better reception - I've tried using my SIM card on my LG phone which drops signal but Sony was able to retain at least one bar.Stylish - sure it's not made of aluminum but still looks and feels great on hand.Cons:No expandable storage. Again if you are a light user, it should not bother you. Mind you all iphones never offered expandable storage yet they are very popular. So it really depends on your usage. I'm a heavy user and for me, the device must be flexible. And this is the only con I can mention about this device.Final words about Android. As Android is platform agnostic, you will find low end to high end Android device. You can't really judge an OS by using a crappy Android device. Xperia U is above average/mid-range phone. It's of course unlocked so you can use AT&t; 3G in the usa and worlwide.

Really great phone for the price range. Best in class for Screen size, Speed and app support. But no  4G. Will be little bit slow if upgrade to Android 4.0. Average battery life (Need to charge every other day)

This product was not at all what I thought it was going to be. Spent nearly $200 on a phone that feels very cheap. Not to mention-it freezes, kicks you out of apps, and drops call-ALL THE TIME. Unfortunately, I missed the warranty return by 3 days.. Long story short; the phone came repackaged in bubble wrap & the screen protector that came as promised, was bent to hell. Although, I think this phone would be good for a first time smart phone buyer such as a teenager. Other than that, do not buy this phone.

My Sony Xperia U is an excellent product and the only thing I created confusion was the panoramic 3D camera that is not thought of as a third dimension.

this device is really a small wonder:1. amazing screen resolution and clear2.great performance in games and applications that hated my old phone3.Long life battery4.no sd card but , 4GB internal store is enough for merecommended&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;

This is a very good user friendly phone almost new.colors are bright and processor speed is good.I need to try the browser though.Will update.Amazon good sellers!!!

With you're not looking for the latest, fastest, super powerfull cellphone, this is your choice. It got great looks and enough capacity to not let anyone down. Its not expensive and my girlfriend was stunned to change her previous dumbphone for this one.If you're looking for something like that, this is a great choice.

but problems sometime with the internet conection but my father use the phone and he don need that really lol

Trust me, if you're an ATT user, you do not want this phone. It claims to be unlocked, but actually it doesn't work for ATT data service! Which means you can't connect to the internet unless using wi-fi...I have to say it's a beautiful phone, elegant design and I really love the look. But the problem is it doesn't work with eh carrier!I'm so frustrated! I really think Amazon should notify the customers about this serious issue!I have no options but to return it.

When I first got this phone I was excited. Screen looks amazing. Easy to switch languages it seemed at first. But the longer I had it, the more it seemed hard to work with - texting is horrid on these phones.  I have a touch and sending messages is easy - these phones are awful. Does not get a good signal for phone or internet. Have to randomly turn off then on to get it to work at times. As with many phones now it is a pain to get it to charge. Have to wiggle the plug and hope it charges properly. When I first got mine and I got my mom another Sony phone - I was very impressed. Like I said screen is beautiful - great colors, seemed to work well - but the longer we have had them the more I wish I had just bought a Google Nexus. Overall just not impressed and wish I could just get my money back.

FOR SIMPLE MOBILE USERS ONLY!--------------------------------------------------------------This is a good phone but it is not compatible with Simple Mobile. I got really mad after I bought this phone because when I called and asked a representative, he said any unlocked phones are compatible. HOWEVER........HE WAS WRONG!! If you have Simple Mobile, don't buy this unlocked phone to use. It will not work!

The Xperia U is a great phone that i would personally reccomend to any new smart phone user or an android user who wants a multimedia based android environment or social media practive. The device came preloaded with android 2.3 Gingerbread but a manual update on Sonys PC software can upgrade you to Android 4.0.4 I believe? If you have an active internet connection at home.I set the phone up on Straight Talk and recieved max 3g and 1x speeds on the phone. I predict the phone would do the same on T-mobile and ATT. (The phone has available to it a developer/user flash tool to flash carrier recommended firmwares to it to optimize it for the usa, overseas countries, ect)Being an Android Developer, I did recognize one flaw on the device. Once flashing the Xperia U to ICS or Android 4.0. You will notice a huge difference in performance and UI changes however, if you exceed the memory usage or cpu usage with app usage, your phone is liable to heat up, reboot, or shut off. Android 4.0 requires 512mb to run correctly, the Xperia U has 512mb of ram avaiable to it.The Phone is root-able to Root users. It has plenty of development to support many custom roms and custom modifications to support better performance. This Phone has MIUI, cm9, AOKP, and custom stock roms avaialbe to it. It also has an unlcockable bootloader for custom kernel flashing. Guides are avaialbe via XDA Developers.Features that make this phone unique from other smart phones are the following.-Sony user interface and lockscreen-Sony Walkman Player with download info features-Sony Timescape (Facebook and twitter integration)-Google Exclusive-Sony Wallpapers/Live Wallpapers-Sony Messaging-Sony Movies Application

Many, many years ago I owned an Ericson phone, so bad, that company went bankrupted and Sony bought it. Also back then my experience with Sony products wasn't the best (every product like the good old Walkman died shortly after the warranty ran out). As the older readers here will know that was really many, many years ago. So I thought I give Sony another try. What a mistake! This phone is cheaply built, poor reception, software crashes, no calls, bad pictures, just terrible. I owned other Android phones, none of them inspired me, but none of them disapointed me like this one.

La camara no es muy buena, mi sony xperia mini, tomo mejores, y en la noche pierde mucho mas, sin embargo el android, los colores y pantalla son excelentes. mi recomendacion..compren el siguiente nivel de Xperia si lo que buscan es una gran camara, si no, este producto es esta muy bien!

- good, fast phone-neat design-display aspect ratio isn`t the best (too narrow)- some bugs  with ICS- My kit came with cheap, bad quality in-ear headphones but sound good with my owns.- Come on Sony, the U deserves jelly bean !! (you are upgrading inferior phones)

Anyone looking for a smart phone thats light weight and colorful and with attitude this phone is for you!! I LOVE my new phone!!!!!! Ive had the T Mobile 3G Slide, the LG double play and neither of them compare at all to this phone. Everyone of my friends ask what kind of phone it is and want one. Even two friends with the I phone would rather this phone. Easy to use.

excellent choice to buy a cell phone tiny but powerful easy to used and is avaible to game almost every game on google store and other app excellent !!!!

sent to jamaica showed it to me on skype plays with the phone almost every day and thanks me all the time

So far so good. I definitely like this phone! I am using it with Straight Talk with full 3G capabilities. ALSO, you do not need to buy a separate screen protector, it already came with one! If I knew, I would have not bought one separately. To my surprise the unit also came with a micro-SIM adapter since the phone uses the standard size SIM card.

i just got this in the mail and it comes with a few little informational booklets and a screen protector, charger, usb cord, the headset attachment and the interchangeable black or white bottom cases. It is a little phone i was expecting a little more. The screen is very small but overall the phone works very well. It is very fast and although the ablility to use a memory card has been taken, i think i have more than enough space on this phone. hope this helps.

price vs benefits is the best one, for me it has everything 2 cameras, android OS, high screen resolutionTHE BAD THING you can not upgrade the memory :(

I bought this phone for my cousin because it is Sony, and all those positive reviews. It is &#34;small&#34; compare with today's standard. But it feels good when holding. The display was blinking like an old TV without signal at the first set up.Then my cousin complains it is not turning on after charge, and have to restart it to reconnect to service.I believe it is fine product for it received 4.5 stars from users. But I won't give it another try. Wish Amazon will give me a full refund so we can choose another phone.

+Perfect size!!+Good smartphone for a good price.+Nice design.-The software can be a bit buggy sometimes but generally no problems.

Awesome phone, great speakers and it has the Xperia Sola quick text typing (just move the finger through the words and the phone deciphers what word you want to spell) is a real attention grabber. Although you have to charge the phone every night because the battery runs off quickly.

I really loved this product it...I used it for a long time...now...and the way it works is really awesome...love it...

I do love this phone! same as described. All I need in a small perfect phone with personality :) White is beautiful and sony a great choice!

I choose this Xperia because I wanted an Android phone not so expensive. This phone fits perfectly to my needs.

Good phone. Battery has a decent duration, it's not too small or too big and works great for the average user. The processor is supposedly good, but sometimes the phone freezes.

The fact that the Facebook app comes pre-installed with ALL permissions and is running at all times in the background is extremely annoying. But if you upgrade the OS from Gingerbread to Ice Cream Sandwich, you can suspend those annoying apps. Light bar is cute but sometimes annoying when you light up a dark theater looking at a text -- of course you can set your phone to vibrate so as not to disturb others, but there seems to be no way to shut off the light bar.No slots to insert your memory card. Camera is pretty darn decent, very lightweight phone as well. Great value for the price.EDIT -- To get your text messages working properly with AT&T;, you may have to play with the Access Point settings. Find the wrench and screwdriver "Settings" icon. Press it, then under "Wireless & Networks" select "more". Press "Mobile Networks", then "Access Point Names" (APNs). You can do a web search for AT&T; APN settings, or whichever carrier you use, and you can create multiple profiles until you find the setting that works. I called AT&T; when I couldn't get my multimedia text messages, and when I mentioned I'd bought the phone on Amazon instead of the AT&T; store, they said "well then we can't help you" and practically hung up on me.

the phone is very beautiful, i like it very much.i use it for few days, so i have no idea about the quality, hope it will not let me down

I ended up sending it back, there is a know wi fi problem with these phone, just do a google search , it connects then fails to connect all the time, the camera button is very low so you never know if you are pushing it. Hard to text with, and no Macro on the photo choices.

OK, I bought this phone about 3 months ago and although it was a bit smaller than I thought, I was OK with it.But now it is nothing but trouble.Where do I start?  The battery now goes dead in about a half day (using it as only a phone anymore)Oftentimes, I hit a button to call someone and the camera comes on.Or, I try to answer the phone when it rings and it goes black on me.When trying to find a someone in my address book, it will switch to the guitar tuner.Crazy things like this over and over.I have updated to the latest version and I reboot it everyday like it says.I had a Samsung Galaxy and wanted something a little smaller.But this is not anywhere close in quality to the Samsung.I used to think that Sony products were quality.Not anymore.

Amazing smartphone!!! I suggest you upgrade it to Android 4.0.Good sound, good toucscreen. Nice camera, with many options. Recharges fast, though the battery runs dry a little bit too fast, I have to recharge it every night.

exelente equipo gama media,muy bonito, el defecto que tiene es que el altavoz es muy bajo, en mi bolsillo casi no lo escucho sonar

Love this phone. It is perfect for everything that I need. It is smaller than most modern screens, but gets the job done.

This phone was a Christmas gift for my sister. I think this phone is excellent for a women, it has light weight and it is not too big on size and also has great quality screen.

This phone makes a popping sound when changing songs and stopping of playlist; and is sluggish at times.The processor is slow and makes multi tasking a hard task. I'm not so happy with this phone.

This phone doesn't have all of the power of newer smartphones, but it also doesn't have that price.It's a very stylish phone and is very snappy (it never lags on loading any programs or anything).The only weird thing is that I bought this phone after buying a Nexus 7 and the small differences between Jellybean and Gingerbread add up.Pros:-Snappy-Stylish-CheapCons:-Gingerbread-Battery life (only lasts a day if I use it for anything other than standby)A lot of smartphones don't really have much of a battery life so I wouldn't worry about it.As a sidenote, I bought this to use on T-Mobile. I don't live in an area with 4g, however even though it doesn't have the 1700 band I still get 3g outside of my house and otherwise I usually get Edge, which to me is still good enough.I tested using gps and data to setup directions to somewhere and it was generally helpful. Though it seems data is used in conjunction with gps which can be problematic on a road trip in areas without coverage.

llego el tlf perfecto para mi! vesion levanta 3g movilnet y movistar en venezuela! ST25A!demasiado bonito! exelente lo maximo!como sony xperia no hay!

I liked the phone design and the android functionality. But the GPS never seemed to get my location even in an open space. Hence I returned the phone. This seems to  common problem with this phone since there a lot of forum posts with this issue.

Hi,I purchased this phone as it was Unlocked. So that I could use it in India. Now, When I started using it in India, I came to know that it is not unlocked. So I am very much disappointed. Since I returned from US, the warranty will also be invalid. So I will not be able to contact any sony service center. But I had to spend more money to unlock the phone.Why is it mentioned in the product description as &#34;Unlocked&#34; when the phone is still locked. I need the unlock code for this mobile.

very nice phone, girls walk up to me in clubs and always ask me about it because it looks awesome in the dark with its lights. yes it works fine with my T-mobile and their MSM(media messaging). Just have to google how to configure to let any pictures or videos be downloaded, took me 1 minute.

Phone works really good and is happy about it.  Even it is Android 2.3, still runs pretty good.  Play utube smoothly and the audio is nice.

It has all you need. I am very happy with it.i recommend it so much. Social network is so developed

It's an amazing cellphone, is very fast, with many aplcation very usefull, the social network are integrated that mean you can conect very fast is perfect for me

My husband and I bought this phone because he had a Sony phone in the past and it was his favorite phone. We purchased this phone because it was an unlocked phone and we put T-Moblie 50.00 unlimited service/ no contract and we are very pleased. It is updating through the computer and it is a very fast phone. The price was right and it does even more than the I Phone at a much lower price. We both recommend this phone.

I purchased a new mobile phone two months ago, because I was looking for a good Android phone. I read all the technical information and it seemed to me to be a really good choice. But now it is the third time I cannot turn on my phone, which was being charged overnight. I cannot send it to the support in US, because I'm going back to Brazil in two days. The support in my country cannot help me, just because the device was purchased outside the country and they might not be able to deal with the software. Furthermore, my Sony Vaio laptop, that I bought about six months ago, had already to have its hardware repaired. What kind of products are being released in the market by Sony now? Do I really have to keep a device that does not work for no reason? And what kind of support is it that cannot do anything for a brand new phone? Sony used to be a trustworthy brand, but I will never recommend it to anyone else and I will avoid buying any other product from this company.

Exactly that i want fast shiping good quality, great product, no the best of the market but a good choice and very beautiful

Phone worked OK with Android 2.3 on it. Then I made the mistake of upgrading to 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich). Ever since, it has been extremely slow. I've tried changing every setting I can think of but still not good. If I had upgraded earlier, Amazon would probably have let me return it but I'm past the deadline now.If anyone has fixed this problem, please email me at bradmburke@gmail.com. Thanks in advance. I'm desparate.

Love this phone and it is giving me everything I wanted.  Major fun to upgrade from a dumb phone and simple to use.

hi, how I can do to get the bill, the urgent need. I hope you can help me. I count on your support

My daughter was absolutely in love with the phone.  she love the sleek design.  She loved this fancy light at the bottom.  She was thrilled.  the only problem was nowhere in the information for the phone did it say it was not compatible with certain carriers.  We had Verizon.  It doesn't work with Verizon.  So back it went.  Collosal waste of time.

This is a very good cell phone.. I love it.  The camera its really nice but if u are in a room with a little amount of light, the picture is gonna have some noice, at first it was very annoying but once you know the right configurations to use it, it will be easy to always get a pretty nice pictures. For the price is the best choice but if u can get a htc or a samsung you should go for it. ( With samsung or htc i mean recent devices.. i tried a samsung galaxy s2 and it was a little faster than this sony )

This is best value for money phone for $210.Only disadvantage I found with this phone is expandable memory. Apart from that, it is a neat phone

I am a college student, got this phone when it was on sale. I never really write reviews besides for my professors, so olease bare with mePros:Light weight, ThinI also like the light on the botton, and I like that I can change the colorThe camera takes a very clear picture, the detailed specs should be under the product page.The camera also has a stabilization fuction so the pictures are never blurryThe set up of the phone is very simpleThe camera/video light helps with darker photo taking/filmingThe camera also have different features such as the fish eye panel, which I thought was coolCons:The camera quick key is kind of hard to control because it needs to be press a little bit harder til you hear a little click for the phone to registerThe video shotting is kind of blurryWhen talking on the phone, the phone still go into the black screen and hang up after a while.While talking on the phone, the phone press fuction is not turned off ( maybe I just don't know how to do it), because of that I always accidentally press the speaker or mute button.I am a RPG gamer, so I play games on my phone, but sometimes it freezes or crashes. But it could also be that the games are in testing stage, so it is just not stable with Android phones.I hope this review can help anyone who is looking for a phone

If you want a phone that has Android 4.0  and great display and sound then go for this.Pros:1). Sound better than iPhone, galaxy etc.2). Sony has the least amount of bloatware for an Android device3). ICS 4.04). Removable battery useful to sell the phone.Cons:1). Screen is smaller2). Limited memory

Awesome and smooth performance with the upgrading to Android 4.04... however I won't give 5 stars cause the frame of the touch screen is very fragile... that piece of the device is getting ugly only one month right after starting its usage... now that frame's got a couple of little cracks... and I still don't know how that happened... shame I can't claim for the guarantee as I'm out of US now... This is really dissapointing... SonyEricsson watch out the finishings of the new Xperia U!!!

This review is according to my wife.  She told me that Sony Xperia was the best phone made.  I chuckled since i have a HTC One X.  She states the phone is fast and accomplishes any task she throws at it. It is small and she doesnt need anything else. This while she is typing on her Tablet.  I said it is only 3G how can it be the best phone ever. She can use it in any country as it is a unlocked phone. We have put this to test in a couple different countries and  yes it works great.  I still say it is not better than a 4G phone.  If you are not looking for super fast do everything phone, then this will work for you.  As she states.  SHE LOVES THIS phone.

Este telefono android es muy orginal y completo, me encanta mi nuevo equipo por ser tan innovador y completo en cuanto a sus funciones. Mis amigos todos estan encantados y sobre todo el detalle de luces q posee en la parte baja del equipo.

i like the flashing LED lighting which changes with on screen display. its awesome !!! happy and satisfied with it

Pros:- Size- Price- CameraCons:- Battery (Somethimes with normal use doesnt last one day)- It became slow when you upgrade it to Android 4.0.4 (Waiting to be resolved in next upgrade)- Too much bloatware with Stock Firmware

I got this phone to replace a very old Motorola flip phone (i.e. not a smart phone). I popped in my Verizon chip and the phone came right up. Even though I don't have a data plan for that phone, this new phone is much better for texting than the tap-method on a conventional phone. The camera is much better quality, it's much easier to enter new contacts, and even without a data plan, all of the data functions work using wifi. So that's a nice benefit, as well.I bought this as a Lightening deal, so got it at a very good price. Since I didn't want to end up with a new 1- or 2-year contract from Verizon, I specifically wanted to avoid buying a phone from them. This was a great solution, and I'm really pleased to have taken a chance on it.

I bought this phone for my daughter to use on StraightTalk with 3G. Works perfectly and it amazing how Sony can sell this at almost $200 when the phone has dual core processor, great screen, and very stylish transparent bar that changes colors while viewing galleries and for notifications. I played with it briefly and it performs way better than my Xperia Arc with no lag whatsoever and the size is about perfect for most females and kids.Like all Sony (and SE) phones this one also comes with pre-applied screen protector already PLUS they put in an extra screen protector in the package along with micro-SIM to SIM adapter + an extra color bottom cap for the phone. My daughters white phone came with Yellow cap. You can also buy additional bottom caps in different colors.There is really nothing to complain about this phone at this price point. But, if I have to, I'd say microSD card slot would have made this even cooler.

The phone looked good, was visually appealing, and easy to use. The major problem I encountered was that the phone was defective. After a few hours of use, I discovered that I was unable to make an outgoing call without first turning the phone off and then turning it back on again. The phone would work well and then the problem would start again. I also learned from friends that they had attempted to call me, but were unable to reach me during the periods when the phone randomly stopped working. I ended up returning it after one day of use. Amazon, as always, was great and promptly refunded my money upon return.

perfect i boguht two of this cellpones, ona for me and one for my wife and this is a perfect solution, excelnte size and excelent battery life

I bought this phone as a birthday gift for my little sister but I didn't like at all!!The font size is too small .. I barely see it and there is no option for larger font sizes!The system and messaging font is small. The camera doesn't look like a 5MP as we used to see in previous sony products!I'm returning this product and I don't recommend it for anyone! I'm buying Xperia P as exchange ... once I receive it, I'll post a review on it!It's simple for little ones and cheap but it is going to hurt their eyes because of the very small font size!

I've upgraded to Android 4 without any problem. The screen is quite responsive, and the texting in landscape mode is quite easy. I haven't had it long enough to try out all of the features, but at this point, I'm very pleased with it.

excelent product for this price. if you dont look for a top of technology, this is your phone, for girls....

Had it for about 1 month...got the ICS upgrade...nothing to complain really, excellent product. Totally recommend...PROS: affordable price, smooth control of everything, apps work great.CONS: the back material feals cheap, but thats ok for me. The screen is a little small for my taste but thats why the offer other products.conclusion: really liked it, if you can get it and dont want to spend much in a cellphone, this is the one to get.

I had a Nokia 5800, it was a good phone but I was looking for an Android Phone and for the price this is the best you can get.This phone is amazing, beatutiful, fast, excellent screen resolution, very good camera, it has all that you will need.with a larger battery it would be perfect, I dont' need more memory, it's a cell phone not a tab.I have mine with Claro in Dominican Republic, it works flawless, very fast and stable.

I bought this phone to my fiancee, she's very happy 'cause it's small, fast and with an excelent Sony interface.I have only one negative think about this phone; since when I updated ICS, it lost the wifi hotspot capability

The phone looks good and responds fast. Moved it to ICS and it continued to be good. Lacks a built in file explorer app! Camera images are of low quality. Screen size quite small, not enough. Having FM is awesome and earphones are packaged with the phone, didnt have to buy separately.

I love this phone good size not too big,however my biggest disaapointment is that the battery needs recharging at least twice per day,dont stay charged for the entire day,if you are going out for the day please walk with your charger as you may encounter a phone without no purpose,that is what happened to me during the weekend.

What a great phone, I was looking for something new, modern, fun, elegant, and sophistic.This is the phone, its actually and medium end device by the new generation of Sony smartphones, but this is one is what great for anyone looking for something catchy, durable and well made. Sony created a phone no so expensive like the others brothers from same family, this one has what you need on any smartphone, It will keep updated and you will be able to do all you need on today world.1- Is fast and works smooth on any application2- Ready to be updated to new android is fantastic, no bugs no problems at all.3- Has an interesting durable, fancy and resistant material on case, looks good, feels good.4- The screen has everything you need, bright, deep contrast, great sutured colors, HD. Not really great for finger prints marks but is very resistant for scratch... If you buy some screen protector you dont have to worry for dust or finger prints.5- Yeap I know just 8 gb internal memory, but thats enough for apps music, HD Photos and more, not a bad thing.6- The camera works great and does the job not really fancy but what you need for you phone at any good moment.7- Very sensitive at touch works fast.8- Very personalized, the light on the bottom and the changeable cap is very cool.UPDATE ( August 22, 20 days of use)The phone is amazing, after all this time, I have no complains about it. No bugs, No problems.I want to add something about the battery, this phone has a battery Standard battery, Li-Ion of 1320 mAh (not a big issue), don't know why they didn't put something better, but is ok, if you install some apps like: Defender Juice and specially Easy Battery Saver, any android phone will last longer, like twice the time. This one last about One day or two days; I use Skype, whats-app, badoo, news apps, weather widgets and more, so all together are battery drainers.Still happy!I recommend it for today's price and quality, and of course functionality.Final update September 19!  No complains works amazing!

My daughter was very happy.  Item as listedOn time, item as described, worked well, charged within an hour! Very pleased.

I liked the size and features.But too many lost of service problems  that required reboots of the phone to make calls.

I just had to upgrade the android version, because i wanted, but the version the comes with it is good.Now i have the last version available for this phone.the camera is wonderfull and the conection is great in 3G.

This phone really exceeded my expectations. The screen is really sharp, the processor is really fast and Im really satisfied!

Dual core makes it blazing fast; Xperia theme is well designed; build quality is great--makes it feel like a high end phone; best unlocked phone for the money. Camera is passable (not amazing) and the lack of expandable storage / small 4gb space are the only caveats.Excellent if you're looking for a small, but robust and fast smart phone

Phone looks beautiful and the android OS is amazing. But, the main purpose of the smartphone is the ability to use the internet from the phone. And there comes the problem. Wifi DOES NOT WORK. I tried all possible ways including spending couple hrs to update the Android OS. I heard it is a common problem in this model..but I am not sure. There are some many 5 star ratings so I guess I got a lemon. So I had no choice but to return it.

It's nice and affordable. The price tag was the number one reason that I got this phone.  I thought it was a great deal compared to other phones with similar specs.The software runs smoothly. I have to remember to type  with my finger tips and not my nails. I wish Sony would hurry with the Android update to 4.0. The battery last a day for me (the Joys of a smartphone). I believe the internal memory is adequate for me since, I can always transfer files to my Galaxy Tab for storage.I have been using it for 10 days and I love it.UPDATEI stopped using this phone in Jan 2013. One night it decided not to charge and the phone would not turn on. Then certain areas of the screen were becoming unresponsive and I decided it was time to get rid of it and get a Samsung S3.  This was my first Sony, it was a cute phone but I don't think I would buy another Sony again.

My kids love this phone.  Unlocked, low cost, new (not branded by any carrier) being used in low cost family plan tmobile.  Keep their most important music, fm radio, good camera with flash, unlimited texting, gmail sychronized contacts, and wifi that allows you to have a limited small data plan or no data plan needed since we have wifi at home, schools, and work. Small to fit in their pockets but not tiny.  Complete android Google phone experience.

it is worth 200 usd, but it looks as a 100 bucks phone.I wanted to buy something to try the Android OS, but I had to return this and buy Xperia S for double the price, and at least it does not look so cheapthe box contained yellow and a white panels, very nice for those who likes to change colors as I dothe luminous line in the bottom of all Xperias, to my taste, looks a bit strange but some like it.

I bought this phone unsure if it would work for me because everyone on here complains that it does not work with at&t. But as i mentioned before it is working with tigo in PARAGUAY (850/1900). For the price it is a pretty good phone, how ever it does have some lagging, especially after theupdate to ics. If you have money to spear i would recommend xperia p or s.

Battery time is only a few hours. I am the sort of person who does not use phone very frequqntly or listen to music, watch videos or surf internet over the phone. Still by the team I return home from work, the battery is already dead. The processor is also really slow. I bought it during a promotion and it sat around for a few months before I started using it. Now I'm just past the date that I could have returned it. Don't buy this phone!

I love this phone! It is fantastic for the price, and does everything any other smartphone would do. It's great!

Unlocked phones are the best! So far the screen hasn't had any scratches since I took off the screen guard I had on it and it's been about 3 months since I did that. It does good for what it does. Although it does have it's down fall. Has a good camera for recording and taking pictures if it's not blurry (caused by the lighting of a room). I love the xloud feature, because it's loud when it's enable - especially for the alarm. There's a lot of mini features that they have that makes it very sutomiziable which I like.When you change orientation for the screen it takes it a few seconds to swtich. The glow at the bottom is cool at sometimes and sometimes it's just annoying -  I wish I could turn it off. (But it looks cool). Sometimes it freezes on me and I have to remove the battery in the back - which is very easy to do. Battery life isn't as good if your a heavy internet or gaming user. However it doesn't take long to charge the battery. Less than an hour and your battery will be full. Another way to solve your over use of battery power is to use the energy save mode they offer. Very efficent, why not have it on all the time?

don't send the battery and too expensive

This little beast gives you almost everything what you desire to achieve from a perfect smartphone.Great Display , great contrast , speedy , Upgradable to ICS and many more. I think memory is not that much issue..But there are a few bugs which i thick will be fixed as new updates roll-out.I got my camera dedicated key non-functional (might be a software error).so waiting for a fix

I bought it for my son, he is 15 years old, he thinks that is great, he love it and he has the phone every momemt in his hands, the pics looks beatiful! He had a sony xperia mini pro too and he liked it, but he said that this sony awesome!

A Very good phone for the price. The screen is very responsive, the colors are bright and pictures look good.As can be expected from Sony, the Camera, screen and audio are all 5 stars. Camera is very good. Performs well in low light too.Listening to Music is good both on speakers & headphones.

I bought it for my wife, so that she can make the transition from a Blackberry 9780.It came in a box directly from sony, it has an interchangeable tip so you can change it between a wihite or yellow tip.The sysop is ice cream sandwich but using the Sony PC Companion you can upgrade it to Jelly Bean in an hour or so.Very good camera you can even yake panoramic photos, Skype works perfectly, with this phone you can open a Box account and have it upgrade to a 50Gb for life.It's a little thinner and lighter than my Iphone 4s, if i didn't had the Iphone i would by one for me.Its perfect for people who doesnt like big phones, i does almost same things that a S2, S3 or a I4s do.The downside, if you have the geolocation enabled the battery lasts about 4 hrs, but with mi Iphone 4s its almos the same.Good buy

Excelente vendedor, excelente servicio y el equipo cumple o excede con las especificaciones requeridas,  funciona perfectamente con las operadoras de Venezuela (Internet / Redes Sociales), de uso facil, practica configuraci&oacute;n y muy ejecutivo. Lo recomiendo.

Music Unlimited amazing once you subscribe and come to grips with paying $10 per month. Haven't bought any music since August 2012.Smaller than I envisioned, but it is not as much of a pain in your pocket as many others.Upgraded to Android 4.0 in a timely manner.Noticed a bit of a lag after the upgrade, but the added benefits outweigh any other concerns, especially the ability to configure proxy settings for wifi based corporate/university environments, and also of controlling the amount of data used.Use on At&t; with perfect functionality.The 3D camera is probably the most awesome feature that comes with it, although it is getting to be more common now.The design utilized by Sony has got people constantly noticing my phone. It's nice to be noticed in the sea of Iphones which choke my university.The timescape feature is kinda cool, sometimes it has issues loading, especially from facebook, but twitter is much more my style anyways, so that's not a big deal. I almost removed all the facebook stuff a while ago, but decided against it for now.I wish the timescape feature had instagram... if it had Instagram I would be a massive fan.I use it for everything from Music Unlimited, to intense emailing (4 accounts), calendar synchronization, Any.do for tasks, camera, social media, keeping up with Arsenal and Carolina Hurricanes, weather, finances, skydrive, OneNote, oh yeah.. it has a phone in it too, haha. It handles each of these tasks quite well. When I'm really pushing multi-tasking I do have to be careful not to overload it. I definitely recommend finding threads online which give tips on freeing up some RAM.one last thing that does catch people's eye, is the LED bar at the bottom. I got an app that will light it up when I get notifications, which I have customized for my preferences, but when that starts going off, my friends will be like.. uh dude, you're phone is pretty awesome. I agree.. it is :) Def going to be trading up by next summer, but I do want to shout out to Sony on the design especially. It is getting noticed, keep it up!

This is a very lightweight phone. It has a really high end display and graphics. Videos play back smooth, and look real. The camera and camcorder work great. Battery life is good. After plugging it to my PC, the software got updated to Android 4.0.4, and works great.

the phone had a nice feel and the screen appeared to be what i was looking for, but i never really got a chance to try it out.  the language it was set for in the Android os was Romanian, and the seller didn't bother to wipe the unlock code.  due to both issues, the phone was a worthless paperweight... the Amazon folks should do a better job of verifying that this type of produce is usable.  it wastes my time when this happen..

after couple weeks of used. the phone is working real good just like i was expected..but there is a problem with the battery..full charge only good for a day stand by. Talk time about 3 hours!..very disappoint with Sony phone...i will not recommend this phone to anyone!!!

Simply and fast, this product is a good choice for young people. It is not the best for games yet is a great choice for common tasks as web browsing, email, social networking and playing music. The 5MP camera feature pretty decent photos in the outdoors. For low light conditions that's another history. The battery wont last a day if you use the phone to much. At first it presented lagging when I updated to ICS, in case this happens reinstall the update

Me gusta mucho este celular es Excelente tiene funciuones muy utiles para el usuario que lo posee por eso lo recomiendo ampliamente.

this is the third time am sending the phone back dont buy and waste you money the most ridiculous fone ever

Great feelings:Smartphone BoxBody, screen, weight , led bar, speaker soundGreat screen resolutionSony TimeScape UI + WalkmanPlay on Device (via DLNA on my WDTV, nice to view picture with my kids)GingerBread is good but ICS it's Great (Data control, face unlock, delay to lock phone, intuitive menus, etc, )Support USB OTG (don't care about microsd slot missing)
