
It worked perfectly fine the internet was jus a little slow, but in general I loved the phone and it was described to the t

The phone was shipped and delivered quickly.  Nice amount of accessories with it.  Instruction  were very vague.  We couldn't  get it to run with our carrier, so I really didn't get a chance to try it.  At least the return was easy.

Not a great phone...dropped it once and the screen shattered.  Changing screen only made the phone useless!  Only got maybe 2  weeksonly of use outta this phone!  Total waste of money!

This phone is not worth the money I purchased it about two months ago and it is already broken. It completely stopped charging. No cases fit, I can't find a replacement battery, and the screen cracked within a week of having it. DO NOT BUY!

Phone doesn't get any service to very little service. The phone is also slow with wifi and Internet connection areas.

My phone cracked. 12 times. And the customer service was terrible. Rude. Didn't even care to fix the problem!!  I'd rather get it from Hong Kong. At least they are reliable and care to resolve issues!!!

this is a great phone for the price my second phone for my daughter she broke the first one and im getting another one she wants no other phone but this one

I regret getting this phone!! Ever since Ive received this phone it has had nothing but problems with it. It wont work properly at all, freezes up all the time, shuts itself off randomly several times a day. The screen shattered the second day I had it and was never dropped.

Well, it sounded awfully good. I knew it was a generic/knock off but thought perhaps if it even lasted 1 year, then I would not be so disappointed. Unfortunately, I purchased the item and did not have the occasion to obtain international sim and then put it to actual use until about two weeks later. MEanwhile, I turned it on and set up a few things (wallpaper, preferred settings...) and familiarized myself with the menu. But, really it is just like my Verizon Samsung so there was little to &#34;familiarize? myself with. I did notice that the toggle buttons on the side were a bit &#34;loosey-goosey&#34;. As long as they activate and the phone responds then I'm okay with that. But, now you are overseas and really  want the phone to actually get activated and work.  Surprise!! you are overseas, you want to get your phone going and the toggle buttons on the side actually do not activate AT ALL. ZIPPO.  What?? How could this be. The phone was in my possession and in a case the entire time...along with two other electronic items. I tried again and again. Maddening. I then thought to exert a bit of pressure on the toggles up or down. nope. Now, you are hugely aggravated, have not used the phone to make one phone call, paid 150.00 and have NOTHING.  I did contact the seller and they did offer a return. The window however for me shut quickly as I was overseas for over two weeks and then I had the phone a bit prior to traveling. So, time slipped away....as did my money. Many have complained about the toggle switches. Its true. The rest of the phone appeared to be very nice. I love the dual band option. Too bad I don't know if it would have ever worked. This was a TOTAL WASTE of $$$$

I know what are you thinking &#34;hey that looks similar to the S3, and it has android which will function the same way, and it's $400 cheaper &#34; .. don't .. just don't. I waited a few months to give an honest feedback.Pros:It's a 100 bucks phone.Cons:Heavier, worse screen resolution, functions weirdly, and has no connection what so ever to what an S3 would do.The signal for both phone calls and internet connection is absolutely horrible. If my S3 shows a great connection, this one is always &#34;no service&#34; .. It becomes really annoying especially with no wifi-calling in that thing which makes it almost useless anywhere.Please close this tab immediately and enjoy a stress free life with a $125 in your pocked.

First couple of weeks was perfect. Then phone started freezing, cracked, screen would flash off and on so I was unable to check voice mail and enter numbers while on the phone!NOw I know why they send 2 batteries they both gave the butt and were unable to keep a charge! I called amazon because seller would just ask one sentenced questions until the time i was able to return it ended. Thank God they refunded me my money with in two days and I bought the Unlocked HTC Titan!! Brand new for the same price.

Ive had this phone for not even 24 hours & it already stops working. The wifi will turn on for 5 minutes then turn off. There is no android market or google play store. And you have to make a new google account to get the AM but the wifif turns off you fast you can't even finish it.

I just got my phone in the mail today and I really like it alotIt's really responsive and quick, I signed up for t mobile monthy no contract planand its working great  I was unsure at first, but after watching youtube reviews of the phoneI am glad I made the purchaseDaniel Chen answered all of my questions and was great

Was hoping to get same phone, but recevied  defective only dual camera was ont work us adapter did not come with it. Had to send back for refund

I am so so on this phone.  Bought from LOLBUY and was pleasantly surprised on the overall appearance.  It did not look or feel as cheap as I expected.  Received the phone in about a week, which was reasonable.  The battery does drain a little quick.  I got an " ANKER " wall charger for the spare battery and rotate them out, which works pretty well.  The wall charger will give a full charge in a fraction of the time compared to if you straight charge the battery in the phone.  I did have a few quirks.  The screen was bad about powering off and on, especially in voicemail retrieval, but I re-calibrated one of the settings and that seemed to take care of it.  Overall performance I am definitely pleased with, especially for the money.The only thing major I am having a problem with is I can't send MMS.  I have Straight Talk and I set the new APN to their settings.  This seemed to work because after the new APN was set I could access the internet, but no MMS / Pic messages.  No luck with Straight Talk's customer service, if you could even call it that.  I stopped in a T-mobile store and they tried to help, but informed me that the phone was only running on their Edge service ( signified with the " E " over the signal bar ), which would not even support an a MMS message to be sent.  So if anyone has any advice on how to correct that, it would be much appreciated.  I love the phone, works great with WIFI connection, but not sure I can pay monthly and not have MMS, so the phone or Straight Talk one or the other will have to go.

I know some have said they get 3g on this phone, but i have no idea what model i received.  The os settings and label underneath battery were completely different.  I cant tell you anything other than its a hit and miss on this phone.  Either you have a terrible phone or you dont.  The one i got never got anything other than 2g/E.  Yes i tried both slots, and yes i have 3g/Lte in my area.  I use st att sim have for years, i know how to set apns, this phone would not get 3g!  The keyboard was absolutely the worst ive ever seen.  If you do take a chance and buy this phone, i would only buy fulfilled thru amazon.  Im a prime member, and i never buy unless its shipped from and sold thru amazon.  I returned this the next day i received it, no hassle from amazon.

This is a great product other than the fact that it goes wacko as if a force other than you is using the phone. You press a button, other buttons starts going crazy. Does anyone know how to stop this madness?

It doesn't come with a battery hte phone is fine but the battery doesn't come with it ...... I need a battery!

After having this phone for about a month,i think i'm ready to write a review, the first thing i notice was the camera flash is way to weak so you can't take pictures in the dark, second the volume very low,the phone is made of good qualify very fast on wifi ,the signal is really weak. it does take a while to charge and does work on some carriers that that they claim it does

The phone has everything that the top of the line phones have for less money. The only problem I had was not being able to find a case for it but when I contacted the seller he immediately came through with a case. I was surprised at the speed that he found it. I took it to T-Mobile and they agreed that it is a good phone.

the screen is flimsy and the front camera doesn't record well. there is glitches in the pixels. i would spend the extra for the real thing if i did it over

This phone is everything I was hopeing for everything works great my internet is fast its like 4G fast my GPS works great n it takes great pics everything was already in English when I got the phone I love this phone n cases do the international versions of the galaxy s3 n they fit like a charm

the camaera is bad. it won't charge. you can charge it the whole night and still your battery will be low. I really hate this phone and I am returning it.

this phone sucks it literally clicks itself and will open apps on its own and have phantom key presses. and the screen cracked when i set it on my table to i cant return it.

I just received my phone. I gotta say, i love it!! It's exactly what i expected. The shipping was FAST! I ordered my phone Feb 1st and received it today the 7th. The only problem i have, is finding a case/cover that fits. No biggie i can live with that... I'm a happy customer.Thank you! :)

Product comes in perfect condition and is a good choice for the price, the only downside is the lack of phone memory

phone started working really good. and for the price and specs (apart from cheap back camera) it was a good buy,but then after the first month of use the battery started to retain less and less power till the point where it would only last about 2 hrs on standby (no phone usage, screen off) and about 20min using browserso i swapped the battery,(luckily it came with two)  and the same thing started to happen to the second battery (not so lucky anymore)i thought the battery was the problem, so contacted seller, which help to provide another battery but by that time, some other problems started to surface. for example:-the screen would start to touch itself (should rephrase that)(maybe not): apps will launch randomly, and like with the battery this was a gradual change till it got so annoying,-it started to loose reception when 20 days before, in the same spot, it had full bars (AT&T; sim btw)-was running hot. (probably bc of the battery problem)end of story phone ended up in the garbage (well recycled at my local best buy store)solution:-there was no solution in my case (maybe i just got a really bad phone)-maybe there was, bc i replace this phone with the google nexus for the $300

i got the phone and as soon as i got it i put the battery in and it didnt work so i let it sit and charge for an hour and it still wouldnt trun on, so i tried the other attery and it STILL wouldnt work. the phone itself MIGHT be good but i wouldnt know because it wont turn on. it was supposed to be a birthday preasant to me from my mom and now i have to wait till after to get one that might actually work....

phone worked battery both did not hold charge an hour useless pretty much stand alone charger didn't work ether. after trying many all week longfound another clone were the batter is made in japan worked much better 7 hours blue color not the brand store was from 365store

Ordered this phone and got it in 12 days. Not bad. Wanted to have a no contract dual sim phone that would work here and overseas. The quality of the phone is not bad at all - however, there are some caveats:#1) Pay attention to the product specs: the GSM frequencies will not get you more than 2G (slow) service on T-mobile and Straight Talk in America. So, if you were hoping to do T-Mobile unlimited data and text plan for $30 and just use Talkatone (like I was) - you're out of luck. Don't do it.# 2) AT&T; gets faster than 3G service on this phone GSM frequencies and I am going to try Net10 soon - which shares GSM frequencies with AT&T;, but for only $45 per month on auto pay. When in doubt, call the customer care center of the cell company you want to use and ask about their frequencies. I will update this review in June after I come back from Europe (I have a Vodafone sim in the phone as well). I think that this frequency conflict is a big deal - especially if you want to save money AND have decent data service.#3) I agree with other reviews that the camera is OK and that the GPS is wonky. I have not (as of yet) been able to access GPS when off WiFi. I contacted the seller to see if I can get more specific information on this. However, it stinks if you use your phone as a GPS device and want constant navigation like a Garmin. Also, I haven't gone full out with the camera yet - if you are a non-picture aficionado (like me), I am sure it will be decent. Flash seems a little weak.#4) The Cimo cases (available on Amazon) do fit this phone. With the back cover off, the fit is even better. Had no problems with doing that. However, you have to remove part of the cover to use the audio jack because the holes don't line up there. Big whoop.#4) I was informed by the seller that the Chinese phones use cheap parts here and there (SHOCKER) that explains some of the &#34;glitches&#34; and &#34;issues&#34; - this was interesting because his implication was that we may all be ordering the same phone per se, but it's being reproduced in different areas all over with different senses of &#34;quality control&#34;I hope that this review is helpful and might actually save you some money and time (that I have obviously been wasting experimenting with this phone). Overall, it's not bad, but requires some patience. I hope it saves me (and you) $$ in the long run.I have to take my experience with a grain of salt because I would have never known this or learned more about the carriers and this phone without going through all of this! If you are somewhat patient and want to come out on top with a better deal at the end (for the most part) realizing that things like this usually require a &#34;trade off&#34;, it's not a bad buy at all.And yes, I get asked if I have a Galaxy 3 all the time. La ti da.

I got one different from what I ordered, a 2.3.5 OS and 5&#34; screen. And now I'm pretty much stuck with it because all the efforts I made to return it didn't work out. But apart from that the one I got is not too bad, just a little lower quality than what I ordered.

I was give them a 5 rate in the beginning in June 2013I am update my review Nov. 2013:I purchased this item on June 2 2013. It just a week after I received the charge did not work. I email the seller. the seller reply as try to reset to manufacture setting. 4 month later my home key was  not faction as good as before. I have to  press the key at lease 4 times in order to get standby mode.  Last week I can not use the touchscreen keybord to type text. I tried to turn off/on multiple times. It just vibrate and go differnet screen when i touch the the key. The phone It is totally out of function. i am very disappoint this phone. I called amazon customer service yesterday. They told me  this phone still in munfature warrnty and they will contact the seller to resolve the problem. I am waiting........

This phone is excellent for me, it came within 4 days of me ordering it. I would totally order another one if I needed too but I do recommend this phone to others.

It took the phone a bit more than a week to come from Singapore via air USPS, there was no tracking information except for the departure date/time from Singapore.After opening the case, I found the telephone, USB cord, power plug, 2 batteries, manual in English, headphones, one screen protector AND an extra back cover with attached front cover AND a touch pen.Now, the sticker on the phone says "HD AMOLED" screen, which I doubt it is. Not for that price. So, the battery should not last as long as with a phone with an LED screen. Also, the front sticker says Quad Core CPU. That is not, it is the MT6577 Dual Core processor.But after playing with it, it is awesome. Android 4.1 is great,  the CPU is quick. It comes with a pre-installed 2gb SD card, but when removing the SD card, you have to look closely at the direction which to slide its support. After installing the SIM card, I was able to have my call list and make calls. Sound through calls and reception were clear. I have better reception (4 bars) at home with it than my Samsung Rugby 2 flip phone (3 bars).I had my data plan blocked a while back on my flip phone, I will see if my carrier catches on with my new phone and slap me with a data plan, which I don't want nor need.The single speaker from the phone's back is clean and can be loud. You will need to access the equalizer from the music widget to set it up to your liking.The GPS is right on the spot, but to see your location, the map has to be downloaded. Looking at it through WiFi won't show you your location.The camera is fine, picture quality is fair. The flash must have been updated from what others have been saying, as I think it's pretty good for it's purpose. Front camera is fine too.The headphone is lousy but has a microphone on it so you can use it for hands free calls.On the keyboard, some keys wills still be in Chinese, I don't know if they can be changed, but you will figure out quickly what they are for.Over all, very sturdy and solid phone. Great for the money. If it wasn't an S3 clone, it could stand on its own and be competitive against the big boys.update 1/6/2013:For the case, I have tried one S3 case, but my phone is a bit too thick for it. When I remove the back plate from the phone, it will fit nicely in the case, but do I want to do that? maybe not. Then I will have to cut an access for the sound rocker and the 3.5mm jack which are in different locations compare to the S3. Still, unbeatable phone for the money.Update 1/21/2013: Still solid and working strong. Battery last 2 to 3 days without playing with apps. One full day if having lots of fun. I discovered from an other post that if you go to "Settings" then "About phone" then tap very fast (7 times)on "Android version 4.1.1", it will show "Android 4.0 ICS". But there are no important difference between 4.0 and 4.1 anyway. So I recap the lies : Not quad core, Not Android 4.1, Not NFC, not HD AMOLED, Not 8MP camera. But if you don't mind all that, it's still a great bargain.Update 3/17/2013: Like the bunny, it keeps on going and going and..... I had an issue with "Als_ps calibration" under "display". DO NOT MESS with this calibration. My phone was out of calibration and had to email customer service for help. Beside their broken English, they were extremely helpful and helped me into the calibration process. 5 more stars for support.Update 4/15/2013: Still working fine. Just got a dock/charging station for it. Our phone fits perfect.It includes spare battery charging as well. But our battery does not fit the space. So get the one without the spare battery charger.http://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-media/product-gallery/B008Q24UNM/ref=cm_cmu_up_thanks_hdrB008CANRGEUpdate 8/04/2013: And still working fine. But I can see small specks of dust behind the screen. I thought at first it was behind my screen protector, but when I removed it, I could seen the dust behind the phone screen. So I opened the phone and vacuumed it. That didn't work. Well, the good news is that those particles are only visible on black screen, when the phone is off. Those very few and little particles do not affect the phone workability.

prosextra batteryoptional case & screen protectorConspoorly made ear piecemanual not much usemanual font too small to easily readspeaker phone creates an echo on the receiver side

I really love this phone. It is gorgeous! The only problem that I can see with it is that on my network it constantly says roaming which is more of an annoyance than anything. I have unlimited everything, so the roaming does not cost extra. I wanted the Galaxy S III but I did not want to spend $550 for it - this is definitely an exact replica and works just as well. It does not have the Smart Stay -- which I can live without. If you are looking for a great phone and don't want to spend an arm and a leg to get one, I would recommend this phone very highly.

I got this to use with a Bring Your Own Phone prepaid deal at PTel. I put my sim card in and the phone fired up perfectly on T-Mobile's network ready to go. My main concern was call quality. Calls on this phone are crystal clear and loud. I'm very pleased with that.The phone looks nice and feels well built.  It has tons of settings to tinker with, seems perfectly fast, connects via my home wifi to the internet without any problem.The only thing that's disappointing is the battery life which seems to run down even as you watch. I downloaded Juice Defender from the Android store and it helps but the battery life is still scary.  If I needed to use the phone twenty times a day I think I'd make another choice, but I only use it a few times a week and for a few texts each day. If the battery life was better I'd give it five stars but otherwise have no complaints with the phone.  It's very nice.

I buy 'know-off' phones regularly because I can go through ~6 a year with my job and prefer the price point.  I don't need them to last long.  This is the first one that died before I killed it- and in ONLY three days of actual use.  I reached out to the seller explaining the problem and asking for a response- that was a month ago and have not heard a thing.  I won't use this person again and I couldn't feel good about suggesting it to others.  Like I said ( I have bought another one from Amazon and a similar set up- no problems and great service on that one- the other ~10 have been from other sites.)

This phone actually arrived before it's scheduled arrival date which i was excited about. The phone was as describe and looks exactly like the SG3 for a cheaper price. My mother is now considering buying one!

I gifted this phone to my mother to get her started with smart phones. and it was a terrible experience for her because phone started giving lot of issues in first one month of buying it. This phone is giving lot of problems like it puts call on hold automatically, it becomes too hot after sometime, when you type something it behaves in strange fashion and types something else that you have not, at times unable to hear the ringtone and my mom would miss the call.Highly not recommended.

The purchase of this item has been an awful experience.  The phone works fine, but purchasing merchandise from China is very risky.  I got my phone and was able to get it set up with my T-Mobile service just fine.  About 3-4 weeks later, after having used the phone with my service for nearly a month, my phone suddenly had no service.  When I contacted T-Mobile to find out why, I was advised that my phone - which I purchased believing that it was a new phone - appears to have been stolen and had been blocked by the previous owner.  Weize assured me that my phone was brand new, and that they had removed the block.  T-Mobile confirmed in October that the block had been removed, and helped restore service to my phone.  Then on December 2, I again noticed that my T-Mobile service was not working.  I contacted T-Mobile again and was again told that my phone was blocked by the previous owner because it appeared that the phone was stolen.  Weize's only solution at this point was to tell me to return the phone by USPS First Class mail.  I don't know who is supposed to pay for me to return the phone.....and if the phone never makes it all the way back to Hong Kong, I don't know how I'll prove that I mailed it per their instructions.  BUYER BEWARE.  Don't purchase anything that comes from Weize, as they are apparently selling stolen merchandise.

I bought this phone from here. I like the phone don't get me wrong but I have no way of contacting you at all I broke my screen have no idea on were to get one I have these apps on my phone that are not my language..please help

To begin right off, I had massively low expectations from this phone, and bought it out of sheer need, not desire.Luckily, the phone surpasses what I expected of it.The build quality definitely feels cheaper than a real Samsung SIII, but it doesn't feel too bad in my hand. The plastic has a flimsy feeling, but it is comparible to most phones that still cost 2-3 times as much off contract. The screen however feels great, with no imperfections in the glass.Everything feels responsive on the phone, the MTK6577 processor manages to hold its own even running fairly demanding 3d games, such as Temple Run 2. It has a normal boot up time, not quite as fast as my old WP7 HTC Titan, but that is just an Android issue, as it is a larger OS with more background processes going on. There is some minor jutter going through menus on the phone occasionally, and the model I bought only had 512mbs of system RAM, which is a little too small for multitasking larger APPs, but some models have been updated to 1gig system RAM.The storage space built into the phone is almost unusably small, but Micro SD cards are cheap and easily available nowadays, so that isn't a huge negative anymore.The main gripe to be had with the phone is the battery life. It comes with 2 batteries supposedly rated at 2500mAh, but I have my doubts that it is honestly that strong (not that 2500mAh is that amazing). Running in standby I can go through a workday without charging, but web surfing or even music playing drains it pretty fast. It does come with 2 batteries so it offsets it to a degree, but if you plan on heavy usage you might want to have a charger handy.Call quality is passable, people on the other end say I sound tingy through the mic, but understandable. The speaker does the job.The back camera is, well, workable. Slow capture speed and horrid low light performance limits what you can do with it (don't even bother with the flash), but it is a league ahead of the front facing camera. Don't expect to do anything with the front camera, be it video calling or self shots. Massive artifacting, even worse low light performance than the main camera, and it is very slow capturing images even in the best of conditions. The capture software does implement fake HDR, but the software doesn't do a good job really. Software HDR is pointless in any phone camera though.Otherwise, the issues I ran into with battery life and RAM were expected going into this purchase, but the fact that it works as well as it does is jaw dropping for me. It performs almost as well as name brand phones (MTK processors have come a long way from when they powered KIRF Ipods) and it has handled day to day use from me for the past week. I still will be hesistant about buying off brand phones forever, but I am happy to say I didn't get burned by it this time.

I bought this phone a couple months ago expecting a pretty close copy of the s3, well from afar. My main reason for buying this was for Android 4.1, the screen size and lightness of the phone, but the quality is falling thru, it's wearing really bad the paint and plastic is cracking and wearing from normal use, I would not recommend this to any one. Also the screens viewing angle isn't that great, at certain angles the pictures color inverts. The camera quality is only about 2 megapixels also if you use T Mobile like I am you will not get 3G on your phone but only edge service but phones quality for phone calls is great but that's about it. The phone also reaches really high temperatures and can burn you, an app I use tells me that the highest temperature I've reached was 124 Fahrenheit. Also I won't ever go with a no name phone again because I can't find a case that fits correctly it seems to be too big for the cases . If you're using the phone with AT&T you will get good 3G signal which is awesome on this phone, all in all I won't buy again but not a terrible smartphone just not that good. I hope my reviews help you to make a wise decision when buying a phone sometimes its worth it just to buy a name brand phone, originally planned on going with the Nexus 4 but couldn't pay for it at the time. One last thing, the flip case that comes with it will only last about two weeks. The quality of the case is some soft material that peels and falls apart .

It work for about a week, phone turn black screen, needs to open remove battery to turn back on.Very disappointed.

I received my phone 4 days after I ordered it and have had it for about 3 weeks. It is designed to look and feel like an s3 and it does.  My phone works well, I have strait-talk and my service is great,  I use wifi more than mobile data,  my personal preference.  The camera works well in the back and in the proper lighting,  descent in the front... Does not compare to apple cameras.  It is difficult to find a case but I altered an otterbox for an s3 and got it to fit fine without a back.  Ultimately this is not a phone for a techy android user. Buy at your own risk,  but I would recommend.

wow nice phone im in the process  of buying one more for my son love it the best item i got from amazon he will love ti too

I bought this phone for my husband because hes wonderful! The look on his face when he saw the screen. Priceless! It is a bit slower than his old zte cricket phone. But the screen is much better. He loves that he doesn't have to go thru 17 windows to call some1. Only down side wasfinding service. We been with cricket 4ever..they don't do simcards. Simple mobile jipped us $80 to turn it on next day...didn't work. My husband lost a lot of work that day he relies on his phone 99.9% for work. So far t-mobile works great. Its google search and certain downloads that take a while. Get your apps dwnld and u can get through quicker. If u a music lover get ur music apps and the dwnlds will be quicker. U go thru google or websearch...takes 4ever.

Phone is still doing great no problem with it at all  and i love it  thank you so much .

This phone works great for making calls and texting but you cannot receive mms messages and you can only use WiFi does not have data if you are not close to a WiFi connection then you cannot use the internet. I can only use the phone at home with my WiFi turned on. Very disappointed in this phone I need a phone that you can use the internet at any time not just at home. If you only use a phone to make calls than this is the phone for you, if not don't buy this phone. I bought a sim card from straight talk called them and changed the apn and still no data connection. The phone is a ripoff DON'T BUY IT. Now lets see if they take it back looks like I'll be stuck with the phone since everyone is saying they don't get their money back. Will not buy another phone from Amazon. Lesson learn!!!!!

Listen to customers who actually used the phone for a while (2-3 weeks) before writing a product review. This phone will impress you in the few days out of the box. This will explain the 5-star ratings some customers gave this product. However, trust me, after 2 weeks, and maximum of 23 to 30 days of regular use, this phone will stop to work. In my case, the sound/voice went completely dead. No ringtone will play, I cannot hear if someone call me, no music will play e.t.c... Also the phone will not charge at all, if I plug in the charger, the phone will do nothing, to be extent that both batteries were depleted. This is very frustrating because the screen wasn't black, and unit will turn on, but without the android start-up song/tunes.This phone doesn't worth it, look elsewhere. I decided to try it too based on the "excellent" reviews. Buyers also beware, some sellers will not be too happy to refund your money. In my case, I have to use Amazon A-to-Z guarantee to get my money back from IK-Enterprise. This was the first time a seller would make me to use the A-to-z guarantee, in any case I was glad to receive a refund. So just stay away from this product.

I've had this phone for almost a month now. When I first got the phone I was ecstatic! Within maybe 2wks or so my camera went haywire! By this i mean my front camera would work when it wanted to or the icon on the side that switched the camera from front to back didn't appear for days. when it did come back, when i wanted to use the front camera, it would just freeze. I contacted the seller so I am going to get a replacement and see how well the new one works. Overall, besides those problems I like the phone. The screen is big, it runs very quickly when you download apps or if you're doing a lot of other things on the phone. Its a good phone for the price that you pay for it. For swype lovers like myself, the phone does not swype =( so you need to download a swype app. Whenever I get my replacement I will update you guys on how well it works compared to my old one!

The phone is good and the fact that I can cover it with a samsung SIII phone case is awesome!. I can also use it on Simple Mobile without any problem.

It was great my sister loves it.. I got it for her on her bday for the past 2 months on problem with it yet jus that the battary run out quickly..

I hate this phone!  It's a piece of crap and doesn't do anything that I want it to do!  I can't even check my voicemail on this phone because the screen blinks on and off constantly (if it will even light up)!  I can never connect to the internet!  Not worth the money and would love to send it back for a refund!  I'm now shopping for a new phone to replace the new phone that I just bought!

This phone is a joke. It is soo slow. And you can't take some of it off Chinese.  Soo yea

Didnt work. Plain and simple. Misleading advertising. Nothing like a real samsung . Pleaae do not buy this product. Pleaae

Although the purchase was unauthorized; at the time of &#34;returning the item,&#34; I was amazed with the exceptional quality of the display! The Seller included a screen protector, 2 batteries, a phone case and the manual and USB cable.They were very prompt in customer service department and I regret the purchase was unauthorized. I will recommend the seller to all whom are in need of a cell phone but do not wish to spend todays prices for 5&#34; screens.

Was skeptical at first when I bought it now that I have it I have almost no issues with it. Android 4.1 OS as advertised, can do anything the galaxy can do and looks almost identical. Difficult to find a good case though.

Buy original Samsung galaxy s ii iii iiii and buy this your lost your money lake me I return and they don't give me my money back not good

This phone is very similar to my Samsung SIII.  I'm so glad it has the dual sim, but I'm pretty upset that no matter what I do I can't get the GPS to work consistently.  I have the wireless turned on, but unless I actually have a wireless connection the phone is not locating the satellites.  So GPS is useless because I don't need it in my house.  Tired rooting the phone but the MK6577 chip is apparently difficult to work with and customer service just told me to Google it (I guess they new this).  If you don't need GPS it's an adequate phone that will work internationally.

The volume for talking Is poor ans not that great and the camera lighting does not come out to good.

This item came before estimated time and works great. I am so happy with my new phone.If I say bad thing about it battery works only two days. Have to charge every two days.

I'm using it about a month, I don't see many problems. Excellent clone of Samsung S3!Cons:1. It's 2mm thicker than S3, so some cases may be tight on it, but I found rubber case easily here on amazon.2. It's fragile (as well as S3), so you need to buy rubbery case immediately!3. Some android application translated to English (by Chinese translator I guess) incorrectly. For example when you send text message, field "To" named "From". But you can install alternative android text messages app if you want.4. Default photo camera give sound, and no settings to remove it. I removed it by rooting and renaming sound file.5. You may charge it every day.. as well as S3. So I bought second set of wall and car micro USB chargers. And "train" the battery.6. It came with 2 feet micro USB cable for computer, which is too short if your PC on the floor. I bought additional 5ft micro USB cable for it.7. Very limited manual.. go and get Android 4 manual on internet.Pros:1. Excellent look, like S32. Quality of pictures is very high.3. Android 4.1 is flying quick on it4. Two SIM cards. You can buy cheap local SIM card as first and expencive national wide as second and save money by this. Or just don't carry other phone if you have personal and work sim cards.5. Quad band works in Europe and US.6. 3-4 times cheaper than original S3, this is why I'm giving it 5 stars, because of excellent quality/price ratio.

It is a horrible phone. It didn't come with a manual. The battery life is less then a hour. The internet doesn't load quickly.

This is a pretty great phone. I suppose it's either the international or knockoff version of the Samsung Galaxy S (not sure, not a big techie). Any who, it's got all of the bells and whistles and what it doesn't have, there's an app for that.A big setback for some buyers is the battery life. The screen is pretty big and it drains the battery. But there are two included, so I just charge one before bed and switch out to charge the other while I'm sleeping. I also have a battery saver app and keep the backlight on dim. And presto, 22 hours of battery life. On a related note, I game pretty heavily and use data a lot, so if you don't, you may be able to get even more juice.From the get go, it's a very good phone. It beats paying over $600 for an unlocked phone. I just popped in my Solavei sim and was good to go (if anyone wants more info about Solavei, just email me at salina-butler@metsacramento.org).  I think I'll be upgrading in about a month, though, for the six inch screen.Buy it, you'll love it.

The phone looks nic for what I played it's a good deal.  But it's a E or 2G when I thought it could do 4G.  Having issues with my text sometimes I get them sometimes I don't.  Thought it was my service but it's the phone.  Pics are grainy.. . other than that it's OK.

The phone is great i have been using it for months and it works just fine. If you buy this phone i sugest you to get a 16gb micro sd card if you dont it migth get slow.

The phone did not work when attempted to us it overseas. Poor volume quality and the quick star guide is poorly translate with not enough infor to select correct SIM card. I would not recommend this phone. It is a hard lesson learned.  Delivery was fast as advertised but the phone was very disappointing. Phone only working on speaker phone. Instructions not clear to correct the problem.

The seller did not fully describe this item. The phone comes with two batteries, the first battery died in a day! The second one just as quick, they wouldn't charge after they were dead. I thought of just buying a better battery than the ones that were sent with the phone but after reading the phones manual that came with the phone, it specifically said that if we put a different battery the phone would mess up!!!! WHATS UP WITH THAT?? Anyways I sent the phone back the next day, I was very disappointed with this purchase.

I bought this phone for my husband to have an international phone when we went abroad. It never fully charged. and I cannot get it to take a charge. I am having problems finding a replacement battery for it, so that I can try the Ochem's Razor approach to troubleshooting it.I can tell you that we are Samsung users, both carry notes, TV, laptops and other devices. There really is a performance difference. It's not about being s smart phone or the shape. The quality is not here.

don't buy this phone I've had nothing but trouble with this phone screen freezing apps not working contacts list disappears I've put mine in 5times and need to do it again. dropped calls screen flipping. phone calls don't go through. I bought my first one , it was messed up but it was nothing compared to the 2nd one I bought stupid me. I'm sending it back its a piece of junk. also you can't find a case to fit it

bad

wow what a peice of junk. DONT BUY THIS PHONE!! rip off. ya its cheap but if you drop it once there will be a huge crack all the way down the screen. and it will just get worse. camera SUCKS on this phone. had it only 2 weeks, then it went into the garbage!

I was laughed out of the T-Mobile store!  All of the salesmen thought it was hilarious that i got a knock-off phone that appeares to be a galaxy. Cant get the phone to do anything but receive calls!!

It's ok for right now, it works so that's a plus. The only problem I've experienced is sometimes it will shut off by itself, and the battery life could be better. This is probably the reason they send two. Overall it's a good transition phone until you get something better.

I purchased this phone for my daughter.  It looks just like the Samsung but the quality is terrible.Within a month the volumn buttons broke.  It will not get 3G service as stated in its specs.  It just felt like a cheap plastic copy of a good phone - even the imitation chrome edging started to come off.I would have returned it but my daughter dropped it and broke the screen. (I think she threw it to get another phone)She bought a name brand phone locally and it works very well.

I totally love this phone, its the Galaxy 3 and man is it awesome, i looked for all kinds of defects when i got it but was able to find none at all , so if you re looking for this phone with the high cost of paying for the Sam Sung name  i would definitely get this phone, only one problem i had with it and it wasn't the phone , it was the sim  and even that wasn't a big problem , i mean who knew T-Mobile didn't have coverage in my area, but i'm getting the compatible sim from another carrier , i wont mention the name, and i'm sure ill be up and running every where i go including my home. all you have to do is make sure what ever Sim you get ATT OR T-Mobile or what have you ''have coverage in your area. but the phone it self is great really really fast too.. big screen , the navigation is awesome, on this phone powered by Google. the king of maps direction , and sire or what ever you call it on the IPhone has a serious  contender with the s voice on the  Android galaxy 3 . it understand every word i sayI Will share this with you , The best sim card to get is the compatible at&t; standard sim card

1. - Would not change the ranking2. - I liked what the effectiveness, speed of delivery and reliability3. - I highly recommend it to all

I have no any words explain my feelings. It,s just awesome service.thanks.I just got my item about ten days.i got great things compare my amount.it,s working still good.

after thirty five days this phone stopped working and I'm not allowed to return it because it has been more than thirty days.  We had problems with this phone since day one then it totally stopped.  Thanks for NOTHING.

good phone very delicate , you cant find parts for repair anywhere ex: glass screen ! ,and no protective case available.

This equipment look good, faster, and dual sim options is very nice to me. Avoid use two Mobil deviceThe only think that doesn't come with the package was the Screen ProtectorI'm enjoy this device, thanks

This phone was defective & I had to return it. It appeared to be an exact replica of a Samsung, but it was a cheap knock-off. Thankfully, it was easily returned.

I would not recommend this phone. It is a total piece of junk. Within 2-3 weeks I started seeing dust and gunk inside the phone underneath the screen. When I asked the seller about this I was told to use the case to prevent it (I had the case on since day 1) and was then told dust in the screen is frustrating but normal for phones. This is probably my fifth smartphone in 10 years and never have I had this problem.Then after having it for about 2months the screen cracked across the width of the phone right in front of my eyes while texting. I always take care of my devices, however, with this phone it apparently doesn't matter. It just randomly falls apart.Also take notice of the quadband name and specs on the screen in the picture, which is how the phone comes packaged. It most certainly IS NOT a quad core cpu and IS NOT an amoled screen. The camera is also the worst I've ever seen.In regards to the seller, I gave them 2 stars but wish I would have given them one. During this whole process I was just informed multiple times about the legalities of why they don't have to give a refund, and even told that customer service people must not like me. I understand there are people who would take advantage of this if these return policies weren't in place, but the bottom line to me is, if you sell junk, you sell junk. Good thing you can fall back on these policies which come in effect right as the phone starts crapping out.So if you're interested in this phone, ask yourself one question. When you spend $200 on a phone, how long do you expect it to last? One year? Maybe two? Well if your answer is 2-3months, I definitely recommend this phone to you.

Loved this phone  ! Looks just like the galaxy s3 . Screen doesn't crack, came with headphones, 2batterys, and charger . Has great features

When I first got this phone I was very excited, but as I used it, it began to give me problems. For one, the battery life isn't that great, but I thought it was because I was using apps, texting, and talking on it so much. Maybe it's because I use my phone a lot, but I didn't think that the phone would continue to die every hour, I don't use it THAT MUCH. Secondly, my sync on my phone keeps having issues. One minute the sync says it's working, and everything is fine, and the next it's not and I can hardly use ANY of my social networking apps (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.)Sometimes the sync says everything is working, and I STILL seem to be having problems with those apps; that's really my biggest problem with this phone. Also, this phone seems to be very sensitive, so if I'm making a phone call if I press my face against the phone it seems to hang up on the person I'm speaking to at the moment, which causes problems for me. Also, when I'm making a phone call, sometimes I can't hear the person on the other line, and when I call them back, I'm able to hear them. Furthermore, when I'm making a phone call, I tend to hear static when making the call. The volume isn't that great after a while either. I really wouldn't recommend this phone, and honestly, I wish I would've waited to get another phone and just continued to save my money to get another android, but I hope that I'll be able to figure out how to make this phone work better. When it works it works well, but it's not consistent enough for me, so that's why I have so many problems with it. On the plus side, the phone is large, which I love, and also it did save me a good handful of money at the time, but again, I do wish I would've waited.

I got my phone over a week and half ago. It took 3 weeks for me to get it from China (keydroper). Overall, I'm pleased with the phone. I was worried the graphics would be crappy. But it's not. It's the same graphics as the Blackberry Bold I had before this phone. I was confused by where the SIM (full-sized) goes but it's 1st slot. I bought a soft rubber cover from Aimo Wireless and it fits my phone. The biggest cons I can see so far are that I can only get 2G Edge from T-Mobile and that the battery life sucks. They give you 2 batteries but my battery only lasts a day (even with barely any screen brightness and an appkiller). For my needs, I am content but I probably would rethink buying if the price were higher. I will update my review if my phone dies after a few months or I encounter any other issues.

Its a beautiful phone just sucks at everyything else and both batterries are dead and wont hold a charge! At all

Received the phone.. Popped in the sim and it worked perfectly!!  My wife is very pleased with the phone so far. And the money saved over a Galaxy S111 is purely amazing.

Phone does not have GPS!!! FALSE Advertising cannot not get any gps.I brought it just for GPS. AND ALL I GOT is a fat LIE!!!!. AMAZON should  be reliable for having  seller that falsely advertise.. shame, shame on you AMAZON!!! I blame for having a service like this you are the market brand that  are selling  to us as . you all are a bag of liars ang junk...next time i take my business off online for sure . i will tell my friends and FACEBOOK, TWEETER AND EVERYWHERE TO LET PEOPLE KNOW.. THINK TWICE BEFORE THINKING AMAZON.....YOU ARE VERY CARELESS CARING FOR YOUR CUSTOMERS....

I love the phone, if it would work in my area I would still have it. Unfortunately, I had to send it back and I am waiting for my refund, PATIENTLY waiting!!!!! The phone is awesome though, it looks very similar to the Galaxy S4! Good phone, bad service in my area with both TMobile and Straight Talk

I mean Iknow its a clone and all. That's why I won't be to harsh but the phone does have some minor glitches and it crashes every now and then. But it also does everything Iwant it too.

The phone itself it's quite nice. It feels good to touch and the battery life is not that bad for what I've seen in other reviews.It sucks that there's no cases for it, even silicone and gelly cases don't fit because the phone is a tiny bit fatter.It also took way to much time for me to have it, I ordered it in the begining of February and I picked up today morning (it's late late night right now)Other thing, is that the definitions of mobile networks was all messed up, so I had to call my carrier for the right info, but apart from that, I'm very pleased

Loved it. would recommend, only thing. get a good cover case this cell cracks easily.

the battery dies so fast - so much so that you cannot use it for anythingIn addition to several other issues - I could not return due to the fees associated with it. The seller will not pay for the return fee.So I would ask each and everyone of you who want to buy this product: Don't, Look for something else

I brought received my phone 4 days ago. I have nothing but good things to say. The shipment was fast and the phone works great. I have had the S3 and I can honestly say no major differences. My S3 had a cracked screen and to repair was more than the cost of this phone, so I took a chance. I'm happy I did! I also dumped my contact and went to Net 10. My service works great! A win win for me! Great phone at a great price. Great wireless service at half the price.

PRO: Good price for performance. Although this is suppose to be a S3 replica, don't expect the same performance. However, with that said, this phone is no complete slouch either. The performance is similar to that of the US T-mobile Galaxy S2 (from comparison of quadrant and Antutu benchmark tests). That is still "the S2 speed" at half the price. Plus it comes with Android 4.1. Mine came with a case and extra battery. I'm not sure if that is a part of the deal but it's a nice surprise.CON: No root support. If there is a place for root support, it's likely to be in Chinese. Some apps like the google Map are incompatible with the market updates. You will not be able to update or remove because it is a part of the system app (need root access to remove). It will work fine without the update so it's not so bad. Some settings seems to be missing, like sounds and ringtone setting. Although you can set this through other apps like Zedge, it should definitely be a part of the phone. Limited protective case.Other thought: I have the S3 and I bought this phone for my little brother. Although some of the Apps are not compatible with updates and there is no root support, this is perfect for him as he is only a beginner Android user. Because this is not a known production phone in US, it's very hard to find protective cases. Although it comes with a nice case, I personally prefer something different. For someone who is looking to save money on a basic android phone with good performance --> This is definitely an excellent choice. I want to give it 4 stars because of the few minor issues but tempted to give it 5 because of performance and price.

This is my first smart phone so I have nothing to compare it to but I am happy with it.Cons: For one, when I turn the phone side wise to type a text, the screen does not turn most of the time. Also, when I am talking on the phone, my cheek will touch one of the touch screen buttons and sometimes the phone hangs up. It is impossible to find a phone cover, I have been looking for weeks now. This phone is a tiny bit fatter than a samsung gallaxy 3 so the covers do not fit. The phone does have poor battery life.Pros: The price, this phone was a steal. It is very user friendly. I am so ignorant when it comes to technology, but this phone is so easy to figure out. The speaker volume is great (which is nice for those who are hard at hearing). I love love love that I can speak what I want to text and it will type t for me. Since this program is ran through Google, it normally gets it right. Most importantly, I purchased mine from Standard Mart, and the customer service has been wonderful. I had a small concern when I first recieved the phone, and they responded within the first 24 hours and offered options to meet my satisfaction. I cannot stress how wonderful the service was.

WHAT I THINK NOW (APRIL 10, 2012):Hey guys, been meaning to update this post a few months ago!! First off, I want to say that my first impression of the phone WAS awesome. Now I will urge you NOT to buy it and take your money elsewhere.Within days of using the phone, my screen cracked horizontally across the screen. I thought to myself, no biggie, still works. Within a couple of weeks, the phone corrupted my SD card, I thought it was my SD card because it had been with me for so long, so I reformatted the SD card and again the phone corrupted it. I LOST EVERYTHING, but luckily I had backed up my pictures. Within 2 months, the phone stopped working! I woke up one day, and there was a black background with a picture of a charger, I pulled the battery out and swapped it with the second one... NOTHING. The phone had been telling me that there was a overcurrent, but I was using the cable and adapter that came with the phone. I tried to revive it, but after about 30 minutes I snapped it in half and it FELT SO GREAT, SUCH A WEIGHT had been lifted off my shoulders.The only thing that will say that I enjoyed about the phone was that it was DUAL SIM!!! THATS IT. The phone was causing me nothing but problems. I have purchased a new Google Nexus 4 and have been using it for about 2 weeks now, and feel great. I did have to fork over about 400 dollars but you can find it on Google Play for 299 and 350 for the 8gb and 16gb versions. The only drawback for this phone is that it is a single sim card, but i'm okay with that.WHAT I THOUGHT BEFORE:I just want to start off by saying that I was skeptical about buying this phone from China. A few guys I work with said that I shouldn't have bought it, but I decided to take a chance on this. I'm currently in Afghanistan and needed a phone with dual sim capability, flash, bluetooth, and to be able to listen to music. For me, this phone is perfect because it does all that and then some.PRO'S-The phone is HUGE. I wasn't expecting the screen to be that large, but its very nice. The screen is also very responsive and the quality is awesome.The built in speaker on this phone is loud, but you start to lose some quality the higher you raise the volume.The phone feels well built and solid.The WiFi works great, sent some SMS's and made a few calls, but the service in Afghanistan is horrible to can't really comment on that.It came with two batteries, i was thought i was going to have to carry both batteries on me at all times because they would die out quickly. I can go a whole day with calling and texting, the battery dies a bit quicker when your using WiFi and some other apps, but it does much better than my EVO.The phone is fast and the software is smooth.CON'S:The camera is decent, which I don't mind, but it's very sensitive to shake and sometimes when I'm trying to take a picture, it will lose focus from my hands moving. If you hold very still it will work flawlessly.Some Issues I had when i had the phone include:The phone kept turning off while it was in my pocket. I contacted the seller and explained the situation to him and was told to place a thin piece of paper to hold the battery a bit more snugly. When I did this, I changed to the other battery so I'm not sure if 1 of the 2 batteries i received was bad, or it was the piece of paper trick. But it's been working just fine the last few days.The second issue i had was that when I would make a call, the phones screen would start to go on/off repeatedly. It only happened when i was making a call, so i thought it was the sensor by the ear piece. I had a screen protector that came with the phone that covered everything on the front of the phone, so i removed the portion of the screen protector that was covering the sensor and it started working just fine. So i definitely recommend cutting the screen protector to just cover the screen itself.But now the phone has been working flawlessly the last few days, and i spent most of today downloading apps, cant be anymore happier. I hope this phone can last out here in the conditions in Afghanistan, but will definitely keep you guys updated.As far as what came with the phone; it came with (1) Mini USB to USB cable, (1) Adapter Charger, (1) Screen Protector, (1) Case for the Phone, (2) Batteries, (1) Manual, and the phone itself.

love the cell at first then could not get on the app store or facebook or downlow any music from my pc want to send it back as soon as i get my amazon prime card

It was more than I expected. Does more things that I don't need. Turn off some of the things you are not using and thebattery lasts longer.

I bought this phone for my husband because his was beginning to break. I read other reviews and thought that I was making a good choice. Boy, was I wrong!!! It took forever to get her, and once it was here you could tell that it was knock off phone. It was hard to get out phone company to except the phone and once it did the service sucked and the calls always dropped and it was hard to even hear while on the phone. The messaging sucked even worse than the service did. He would never get anyone's messages or pictures. Overall, this is the worst phone I ever spent money on..and I have had a Juke phone.

I want to know why does my phone battery dies quickly? Did you sold me faulty batteries? If my battery says 100% in the space of 2 minutes it drops to 99 please send me some good batteries

I did not like it because his camera so bad!it is not as present in the picturei dislike it

Okay, so I absolutely LOVE this phone.. But I can not find out how to take a screen shot! Somebody help me!

wait for this to come in the mail I wasted my money Amazon gave me my money back I turned on did not work my phone I tried AT&T t-mobile simple mobile and all others still did not work it was stuck on airplane mode do it sometime he said just send it back to Amazon where I bought it and I did thank you I was on for returning my money but I would never do this again if you want to buy a galaxy s3 by the real thing

just can't use it just lost my money. I don't know if I can send it back and get my money back or not.

Hey I have not received the phone yet.. but how long did it take you guys to receive the item.. its been a week so far...thanks-INPATIENT Customer..lol

I made &#8203;&#8203;this purchase for several months and has not yet even reached me, that bad taste bad bad bad

My phone would charge and got a new one and it as well would charge.  I would send out text messages. And always got errors. And had yo reset my phone all the time. I just got use my old phone. Again to annoyed. With the phone

The phone needs to be calibrated and I can't even get Instagram. What a ripoff. Plus it loads extremely slow as if it doesn't want to operate

does any one knows about cute cases for this phone??? I want to be able to protect it and change the cases ones in a while.

i choose this rating because it will work good for the first couple of weeks then it will start freezing up. Then it doesnt have screenshot.  The reason i got the phone was because it had a front/back camera and also you can put two sim cards in the phone. and also you will not be able to find a phone case for this phone. and it is very easy to crack. i have drop it one time and the screen had crack, this was my first time droping the phone.but the phone came with all the quailties i was looking for,but it also came with a few flaw.

Have had nothing but problems with this phone.  The headphones shipped with this are bad, the mic on them doesn't work.  Sound quality is really bad.  Phone stopped detecting a perfectly functional sim card.  Also the onboard memory is way too limited and causes the phone nothing but problems.  Even using the App2SD app, the onboard memory of 512kb is way too limited.  Constantly have to reboot this phone.  Now the Bluetooth has stopped working.  Do not buy this phone.  I want my money back.

I bought two phones, One works fine till now. (3 months)The second one just went black one day, so I thought it didn't have a charge. I plugged it in and a strange charging icon came on after over two hours  and trying to get the phone on, all i keep getting ins the unusual charging icon, after some more try the phone went completely dead, not even the charging icon come on.

I got a GT-i9260 in the mail. Its not the product being advertised but I still gave it a try. The phone looks a lot like the Samsung Galaxy Premier. The touchscreen was messed up. It had bad touch calibration on some points on the screen. It is multi-touch but if your two fingers get to close it wont know what to do. The rear camera is 8 Megapixels and the front is 1.3 Megapixels. The flash isn't very good unless your close up flashing it at something. Even the screen gives off more brightness than the flash . Also the Bluetooth didn't work. At first it would pair but after a few minutes it would no longer connect through Bluetooth anymore. I wasn't expecting a great phone, but I think it could of at least had a good touch calibration. Using the keyboard on the screen isn't easy because i might press the &#34;O&#34; but instead it will register as if I pressed the &#34;I&#34;. It gives a lot of trouble but for the price it sells it wasnt too bad.

No where in the description was it stated that this was a chinese made telephone.  When we took it to get it worked on at the AT&T store that is when the discovery was made.  Very disappointed and feel misled.

The phone quality is amazing, but it does work. I have straight talk, in Los Angeles Cali. I had service for 6 months then ATT kicked the phone off. This phone will not work on the ATT network in Los Angeles. I repeat this phone will not work in Los Angeles Cali. It is such a shame for a nice piece of electronic. I had to go out and buy the REAL Galaxy S2 from my local WalMart which works perfect. I get 4g speed. So dont be cheap, this is from china people. I got dooped so dont be an idiot. Plus if you do get it to work, you will not have any connection better than 2g speed. :(

This phone is just like the Samsung s3. Everything work well. Bought three of them. My kids love these phone. Will buy agin. Great seller

Her cell phone broke so she earned the money to buy this cell phone and she had it for 3 days and the screen is already cracked. a lot of money for a phone that should have a note in with the phone to buy a protector for this phone that way this wouldn't happen. The phone is very thin.she never dropped it.

I received this phone on the delivery date and all I can say is its AMAZING!!!!all my friends love it. I highly recommend this phone and its cheap or than paying 320$ for it.Pros:Good qualityFastFast shippingGood battery lifeCons:Phone gets hotWhen phone gets hot the screen flashes then turns off.Phone comes with phone,2back covers,2 batteries,earphones,USB to charge with and to put in the computer.

the Phone was for my wife and it has met all her needs. this has been a great purchase. We use straight talk for a phone and At&t for the carrier and it has great coverage. The only problem so far is finding a good hybrid case for it as it is not a Samsung Gs3 and cases do not fit it, but the phone itself has been great.

Great phone for a great price!! Fast delivery, no problems at all,  works very good for a very low cost

This phone is garbage! I was skeptical buying it in the first place but the reviews made it seem like an okay phone. Decided to buy it, BIG mistake. Within a month the phone had overheated so many times it fried one of the batteries. I contacted the seller who (after taking over a week to reply) gave me a million excuses and offered a refund or exchange. I replied asking them what phones I could trade it for, took over another week to reply even though I sent several messages. They then told me there was nothing that they could do for me as it was past the refund/exchange time. The phone overheats within 15-20 minutes of continuous usage, it is s u p e r  s l o w, always says the memory is full even though I have a 16gb sd card and if you go into the memory it clearly shows less than 10% (of internal storage) used, the memory card is only 25% full. The headphone jack doesn't work, you cannot put widgets on the home screen unless they are the preloaded ones. The screen is junk plastic and cracked within a month and since it is cheap plastic it spider webbed in a way I have never seen before. The phone wasn't dropped or hit when it cracked. The battery holds a charge for 4 hours if you are lucky and that is with everything shut off and no use. After 1 hour of no use and unplugged from the charger my phone states 62% battery. The screen is unresponsive half the time having to click things many times. The HOME button doesn't work most of the time, have to push it at least 3-4 times to go home. The phone is JUNK! Customer service is non-existent. To top it off their customer service begged me not to leave a bad comment. I wasn't going to but since they won't do anything to fix the problem I am commenting now. Do not spend $200 on a phone that will only last you a couple months if you are lucky.

I received this phone earlier this week. I read the reviews before I decided to buy it. I kind of had doubts about how well the phone will work once I got it. So far, I haven't had any issues. I had the HTC Wildfire S from T-Mobile but didnt really like it because of the low internal storage. The facebook app took majority of the storage and had to keep uninstalling it to let my other apps work. I love the size of this phone. Installing my sim card and memory card was so easy, added my gmail account and my phone was ready to use in seconds. It came with 2 batteries, earphones, 2 stylus pens and an additional case with a flap cover for the screen. The battery life is pretty good, typical if you use your phone quite often. But like I said, so far no issues. I'll be sure to update as time goes by.

ill give it 5 stars because the phone it`s self was amazing until the screen end it up cracking wich i have no clue how but overall i loved the phone

This phone has been pretty darn good. I did drop it after a month and a half and the screen cracked, but still ok. Just like any phone, there wil be day to day problems but nothing too outrageous. Cons are the memory and in-call volume/speaker. Overall good choice!!!

I was skeptical bc I wasn't sure it would work with Straight Talk but it does. :) Has all the features of the Galaxy's phone for alot less. The only downfall on mine is the speaker phone part the volume is very low BUT my friend got one too and her is slightly different and her volume is great ! I say yes.

I bought this phone and it was good for about 10 days! Yes TEN DAYS!!. The battery sucks; it takes at least 10 hours to charge but the battery only last for for about 4 hours on stand-by. Poor quality reception, yea the reception was very much strong on the phone (full reception) but you can neither make all receive calls. People always complain that  my phone was always turned off and they can't reach me, so i tried  a couple of times to use my house phone to call my cell phone with full reception signal, NO LUCK and i tried vice versa, the same thing. Moreover, its an imitation of samsung galaxy 3. PLEASE DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY IS A PIECE OF TRASH.

This is a nice large phone but I couldn't get rid of the Chinese on it so I returned it. The camera sucks. Got my money back pretty quickly but had to pay about $20 to ship it back to China

I have a second thought of buying this phone because one of the reviews says it does not work in AT&T. Anyone who experienced the same thing? It would be a great help for me if you share yours too. Thanks and I will appreciate it so much if you do so

I just received my new phone yesterday. So far I absolutely love it!! I was a little skeptical because I knew it was a knock off from China, but I took the chance and received my phone in 3 days and its just great! I have H2O wireless service, and was able to just pop my sim card in and make calls immediately. It handles really well and its really quick. I've already downloaded a bunch of apps and its still working nice and fast. The screen is really sensitive, anything you touch it will go. So its going to take some getting used to. I keep accidentally touching the wrong button and the page just changes. I noticed when I'm writing text messages it doesn't recognize the words. I'm still trying to figure out how to correct that. The words that it does recognize seem to be in another language, not English. I know there has to be a way to change it just haven't found it yet. I plan on taking it to my phone guy this weekend so he can show me everything it can do :). Overall, so far, it a great phone for a great price. I want to say the actual Samsung Galaxy S3 is around $800. So for $200 you can't beat this deal!!

This is not only review for this phone but of Amazon and China Phones in general. This is the revised version of review, revised on 10/11/13, I have had the phone now for 2 weeks.I came upon the "cheap china phones" when searching for "used phone" on line. The sites where I found them were DHGate.com, ahappydeal.com and superzone.com. I was surprised to see these phones with almost S3 specs for under $100 (compared to S3 for $459 even now). Too good to be true. So I wrote an email to many of the sellers asking specifically if they will confirm the specs as listed to be true. Many of them did not reply. Some were honest enough to tell me that they had listed wrong specs and some simply said "we don't have it in stock". All these phones were to be shipped from China and there were review after review of how they did not refund money, had to spend $25 on shipping etc. So I cam across this listing on Amazon. I was thrilled. Under the listing there are several sellers listed under "new others".Now about Amazon. Unfortunately Amazon, unlike Ebay, does not tell you where the product is going to be shipped from. So, you find it after you receive it that you got it from China. Amazon should change this.There are more than 20 manufacturers of these china phones and they are all different quality. The reviews here have really lumped all of them under one heading but they are many different quality. The phone I received is labelled from SVP and is model S580.Anyway. I ordered it from merchant "SLIMSHARP" for only $87. Great price for these specs. He specifies on his listing "Shipped from California". So, that and the price were the attraction for me to order it evenif I knew that it may be too good to be true.Prompt shipping and delivery, I received it on 3rd day (within USA, free shipping. Looks just like S3. Good looking. Turned on without problems. Makes phone calls fine. But have problems which I have described below. As it stands now, if the seller sends me the real deal well and good, otherwise I can put him in the category of cheaters.There are several problems with the fulfillment of this order. After fiddling around a bit I was finally able to connect to Google play and download app to check out the specs on this phone in detail.Here is what I found:1. This (S580)is not 3G phone, because it is connecting only to 2G.2. From your listing, this is supposed to have Android version 4.1 but it has 2.3.5.3. The phone was not recognized by my computer through the USB connect. It said "found new hardware" but was not able to find a driver. A software CD was not included with the phone. Since this is a generic phone I cannot download it from web either.4. The Amazon listing says "comes with two batteries" but only one was included, says "comes with one screen protector" but non was included.5. The User Manual is really very insufficient.6. The CPU model is actual MTK6517 while the list says MTK6577 (which is latest in the series).7. RAM is only 256MB and ROM is also 256. External memory can be upto 32GB.8. No GPS9. Camera front is 1.9 better than listed but back is only 1.9 much worse than listed.10 Battery does not last very long but that may be smart phone function and not fault of battery. I turned all the accessory functions off, the WIFI, data connection, any apps running in the back ground, then on mostly standby use it lasted less than 2 days.11. Display screen is 480X800 (WVGA).BY the way: for the specs of the actual phone I received (which is being advertised for any where from $45 to $79) by various vendors, this phone I think is working pretty well. On WIFI internet worked really good. On 2G it was slow.PROBLEM GETTING REFUND: Over the last one week I have been emailing back and forth with SLIMSHARP, the seller, trying to get them to pay for return shipping. Since they messed up and shipped wrong phone, they should pay for shipping. So far no go. So I may have to open a dispute resolution with Amazon.

Locked up a lot. Got hot very quickly.  would shut off on me.  I did tried recording my voice when I setup my voicemail I could hardly be heard.  I had to practically yell into the phone.  I also tried to use microphone on the keyboard instead of typing and it, would not do anything. The light comes on going around in circles red saying that it was listening, but it wasn't typing anything as I was speaking. The other problem that I was having is when I make a call, I get an error message that says &#34;The SIM card that you are about to use is roaming. No local Sims is available now would you like to continue.&#34; I called the service provider that I subscribed with  and we did some troubleshooting on the phone.  I even tried changing the SIM card from slot 1 to slot 2 and it still would not recognize a SIM card. It still kept giving the same error message.  Also the memory slot is having a hard time reading the memory card.  I have tried to go to settings storage and  unmount and mount  SD card, but it won't do it. I have to power down the phone and turn it back on again before it can read the SD card. Another problem that I was having is the return button on the bottom right hand corner of the phone is not responding. The home key works and so does the menu key, but  when I tried to depress the Return button it would not respond. I had to again power down the phone and start it back up again.  The signal on the phone also is changing a lot. I can be sitting in the same place and make a call and the moment that I make a call the bars are registering full strength of signal and then all of a sudden it'll go down to 1 signal or no signal at all. I think that this is way too many problems to be having on a phone that I  had for only a week. The more and more I have it in my possession the more things I'm starting to find out that are going wrong with it.  It could be that this is just one  defective phone of the bunch but I'm starting to get a little nervous spending the money that I did for something that is not working properly. Thank you in advance to your attention in this matter

This phone isnt really what i expected. The volume fades in and out and cuts out when on speaker phone. I cant figure out how to screen shot anything, and the camera is very bad.i also cannot find any cases that fit this phone at all. i wish i could get a refund.

I have had this phone for a couple of months, now. It freezes up on a daily basis. There is NO storage and is constantly notifying me that I am low on memory. I installed an sd card, but am unable to move pre installed apps to my sd. I am not even able to take and store pictures. I would not purchase again. I change my 4 star to a 2. I have never had a phone that drops calls like this one does.Now, my android app for this item has failed and the phone tells me to get new software. Nope...I am getting a new phone. THIS IS A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY. I RECOMMEND THAT YOU DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM. IF I COULD GIVE IT 0 STARS, I WOULD.

Its a cheap version of the S3. The screen cracked easily and the buttons are very nimble. Honestly just save up for the S4 or Nexus.

I like the phone but I'm having problems making calls...every time I make a call or receive call it always blink/flashes and its really hard to touch the screen to answer or hung up. I bought this phone for me and 6.0&#34; FWVGA Screen MTK6577 Dual Core 1.2GHz Android 4.0 3G Smart Phone N9776 for my husband. well it seems like my husband was having the same problems on his phone too it keeps flashing and its really annoying because We both sometimes get important phone calls from our job or family members and it really hard to answer when the screen is flashing. We both regret buying these phone, its not even worth the money. oh and the battery don't even last an hour I have to charge it every chance I get. The keyboard is very small its very hard to text/type mesg I have to redo redo redo OMG I just want to break this phone already!!!

This product is not durable at all, the screen broke from minor hit, battery does not hold the charge and the phone keeps shutting off. This product lasted only for 4 months. I am ready to through it in the garbage and buy quality one.

I absolutely love this phone, the screen was huge and when handed to my friend with a real SIII he said he could barely tell the difference. Its fast enough for temple run on better quality. Wifi runs pretty nice, and its very easy to switch between sim cards. I only encountered one problem and it has to do with 3g. I'm only getting edge on tmobile and net10(AT&T). Tried many many many apn settings. Does anyone have the right apn settings? I tried the ones from tmobile and net10s bring your own phone. Help is much appreciated! Oh and feel free to ask questions.

they have very good sevise and fantastic products, I have been enjoyable about the cellphone.thank you very much you are the best.

do not purchase the phone, i did 2 months ago, it's shape is good, but I surprised when I opened the box and turn it on,the phone did not work properly, the LCD is on color (white),so i return it to the seller, please do not lost your money with this fake phone.

For the price it's okay but battery life sucks!! It cuts off on its own and freezes, does not move until its ready!

When I first received the device, the only issue was that it would not connect to 4G, which I could deal with. Since then, I have had freezing and crashing issues. After doing a master reset on the phone, it no longer synced up with Google and I had to manually import all of my contacts! Now, the internal charging port is loose and the phone will not charge unless the cord is plugged in at just the right angle. I would STRONGLY advise against purchasing this item!!!!

ehhh work ok.  couldnt beat the price tho. it is a  good chinese knock off.  but this item could be better.

Phone came in about two weeks which was quicker than expected. I am on straight talk byop but I can't get the phone to operate on 3g only on edge which sucks. Battery is no good won't hold a charge. Buyer was nice only reason for two stars.

This is one of the best phones I have ever gotten, by far.regardless of the fact that it's a knock off, it worked flawlessly.the front facing camera wasn't the best, but that was expected; I haven't had a better phone.Daniel Chen was super polite and patient with every email I sent. Service was awesome, phone is even better. I would recommend it to anyone. (:Good luck!

I have had the phone for about 3 months now and it has been extremely good for the price. The phone is fast and does not have many operating errors. The battery usually lasts one day for me and I am a heavy user. I have wifi on all day and use multiple apps on a regular basis. The only con would be that when the battery gets low then the battery drops much faster than usual.

I love this phone and plan on buying a second one.  It is everything it says, works without a problem.  The only thing I would like to have is a case for it.  G3 covers don't work

got phone yesterday, would not take this phone even if it was FREE, phone was not new had pictuers of another family then battry died and phone would not charge sending it back, this phone was not new this is my second time buying from this company  and both experience was bad, wont happen again if I like something and its from this company I will not be getting it.

Battery does not last long and the clock does not show the 4 numbers when ex; 11:00. I do like the large screen but the internet is very slow wish I had sent back

Pros: Same Galaxy S III look and gadgets.CheapCons: It breaks quick!!!Low battery lifeAfter Only 1 week of use the speaker doesn't workThe battery only last for a couple hours even when is in low brightnessPoor reception

I really love my new phone. I placed the order and the phone arrived in just 2 days and I am having fun learning all the new things on it that my old phone did not have.  It was a great deal so I purchased one for me and one for my son. Well worth the money spent.

The phone i order has a lot of problems the screen,it goes black,it is hard to charge up,you touch the screen to go to one page or site it goes to another on it's on,so i wrote to let the seller know that i wanted to return the phone to have it replaced or fixed,i still have a warranty on the phone,a one year warranty that came with purchase of the phone,i purchased it in January 2013,i was told through an email that the warranty was up to replace it but they would fix it,i don't quiet get that since a year is not up until January 2014 ,the seller said i ,had to send them 25 dollars for the shipping and handling ,i do not think that is fair nor right ,I have to pay already to send it to them to fix,so why should I have to send them 25 dollars to send it back to me after they fix it.that is not right i am still under warranty so I should not have to  eat the cost as people would say both ways, when you read this review let me know if you think that is fair or just wrong. that i should have to pay to send it to them and for it to come back, and thank you for taking the time to read the review and i look forward to reading your opinion on this.

it was my first time shopping online, and i wasn't sure about it but when i finally purchase' this item i got it way before the estemate, date  thanks to you guys am now shopping with confidence.

Was so sad scared of buying this phone, because had bought one from ebay from hong kong and got ripped off but this phone is amazing. All i had to do was buy a at@t, t-mobile straighttalk sim card and it works perfectly! Just had to set the apn from the straight talk guide and everything  works, data mms, LOVEthisphone! :-)

It is all that it was stated to be plus more that I found out when I started messing around with it.  I just took my sims card out of my old cell and put in this one and I was in business.  Love the water rippling when I access apps or answer the phone or open my messages.  Showed it to several people at work and told them where I got it and the cost and they want to purchase one to.  Showing is so much better then telling but you will not be disappointed with this product.

The phone works but why can't we access the internet??????? Useless if that does not work! It should have told me that was not a feature, I would not have bought it.

I chose 4 stars based on the ratio of value versus money spent. Keep in mind a Samsung Galaxy SIII is three times the cost of this phone, so, keeping this in mind, I am going to review the phone hardware not the Android Jelly Bean software installed.  My order was from a seller named  "Mikoo" and the shipping took 6 days direct from from China. I was very surprised to have received it so soon.  The phone overall, has good feel of quality about it. It weighs in at 5.2 oz. with the battery installed. The screen has a decent display,(not Amoled in my opinion) however I noticed a slight darkening as you move your viewing angle upward above the screen when you go go "off-axis", but when looking from the side or below the screen it was fine. Guess, this would be only an issue if two people were viewing the screen at the same time. The screen is huge compared to what I had before. I believe it's plastic and not glass. The processor seems snappy enough to handle what you throw at it.  Conflicting specs given though..  1.0 ghz listed on the Amazon website, dual core 1.4 ghz listed on the box and 1.5 ghz written on the plastic screen shipping protector.  I don't now what came with the phone, but it is very snappy and no slowdowns.  It came with two batteries.  I DO use both sims on two numbers both at&t on all day from 7am to 8pm. I browse maybe ten  to 15 minutes/day, stream maybe 30 minutes of Spotify music service and watch maybe 10 minutes of Youtube. I use probably a total of 1 hour of phone calls total/day. Sometimes I use the GPS and WIFI during the day. One battery (2000 mah)barely makes it all day. I would suspect if you only had one sim installed your batty life would improve.  The camera takes surprisingly good pictures however, starting to notice a small pink spot (hardly visible)directly in the middle of the composition of most pictures and the completed picture as well, mostly indoor pictures. Think this might be a software issue.  Not a major thing for me as I'm not too interested in a smart phone camera. The overall quality of the telephone portion of the device is quite remarkable..very good clarity on my end and others say my voice sounds very clear and articulate. The phone is probably the most important part to me.I've used the earphone jack and the external speaker and both are decent.  Still haven't used the bluetooth yet.  I've only had the phone for 4 days now with no issues. Will follow up hopefully with some more info soon.

I liked the phone a lot until I realized that it does not have true GPS (only network assisted GPS = GPSa) which was the deal breaker for me since I wanted to use it with the STRAVA app for my bicycling. The seller was understanding and after I sent it back to China (with some special instructions from the seller) I got my money back.

Most good review will throw something like &#34;yes this is a good phone...for the price&#34;. I disagree this is an awesome fone for its price lol. I say that because if you go to tmobile and try to get a phone in this price range and ur not under a contract u'll see its nowhere as good of quality as this phone (trust me i kno).~ Ok so ive been using this phone for a wile (week) and i do have a problem i havent yet found how to fix....the battery....it dies soooooo fast....i would say at a rate of 5% every 20 mins....thats a bit fast to me...and i definitely havent used the charger that came with this phone it seemed like it charged 1% ever hr. Just use another charger simple fix...so thats why i think when i get a new battery itll b fixxed as well.~As for everything else it works pretty good. the screen is soooo beautiful its nice and bright on the sticker on the phone it said super hd amoled idk how true all tht is but the screen sure is nice.the camera couldnt possibly b 8 megapixel tho lol bt hat remember price. The screen glides effortlessly. Love the dual sim capability as well. First time user of that bt idk how i got along without it. And the phone is pretty zippy fast with everything. Good Phone!*One more problem im finding that mayb someone can help with is cases....the case that came with the phone didn fit unless you hav to really jam the thing in there which im afraid to do.....but i also bought a galaxy s3 phone case, a flip leather case and it didn fit as well...does any one kno accessories that fit for this fone????Visual Difference (very unnoticeable, just dont sit it out next to the real thing lol...or you could say hay thats js the international version lol idk and i really dnt care im grown)`no Samsung logo on the front (gives you one for the bak of the fone)`only one hole for sensor which is an oval on the top inside right`front facing camera is way off to the left at the top`3.5mm headjack at the top instead bottom...thats about it....i'll b back to speak more on the fone after more use and mayb a new batteryOh yea and the only thing that pissed me off was the fact my phone took a lil more than a month to come...arghh worked my nerves lol...but thts a ALLBUYOKOK complaint

I have to say the price is amazing for an android jellybean phone and everyone thinks I have a galaxy s3! Only things ive seen wrong are the  battery life has gone down so fast to almost nothing now. The other thing is the GPS...horrible! Just horrible! It told me I was in the middle of a field when I was driving. -__- One last thing is it does get super hot sometimes when using apps and things.Hands down would I buy another one when I kill this one....yes I would!

love the phone can't find a case to fit it and that is a same since the phone is so nice.

at first i was thinking it twice about buying this phone. it took a while to receive my phone but it was worth the waiting (: . i love it.

A good phone for the money. I like it-good android phone. no complaints at all. I would recommend it to anyone that likes the android type phones

When I first got the phone it turned on fine. But a few days later it was not coming on I kept pressing start to no avail. After several tries it suddenly came on in chinese. I tried several of the chinese menu, then I tried switching batteries same thing. It doesn't work. I wasted my money. This is my second purchase. The first was stolen at the airport a few days after I got it. Good luck to that thief. So I never even got to use any of it.

First of all, I have to say that the phone is beautiful and just as described by the seller. The phone came in a week and a half. This is my first purchase of electronics.  The customer service skills are amazing, he is quick, and impeccable. I can make certain that his service is of 5 stars. My friends are asking where I got the phone because hey tought it was from a phone company.Mary Lou

So I ordered my phone and received it within days! less than a week! I love this phone. I had a droid before this one with Verizon and I was looking for a new phone to use with Straight Talk. After I ordered this phone I decided to go with Walmart Family Mobile. Phone still works under this. I read the reviews on it and yes the battery does not last long. And the speaker is kind of fuzzy. But I always just use my headphones! The screen is of good quality and camera is okay. A day after I placed this order I received an email from the seller telling me thank you and if I had any problems or questions to just contact them! I thought that was great. I love my phone and will probably order another one here soon for a friend! I definitely recommend buying from  LIGHTHEAD!

The phone at the functional level is good, a bit slow and gets quite hot when given enough use, the screen is damaged and does not work quickly to write later.

THIS PICTURE IS MISLEADING!!!!!!!! THIS IS NOT A GALAXY PHONE- WHEN I CONTACTED THE SELLER , THE RESPONSE GIVEN BACK TO ME WAS THAT IT NEVER STATED IN THE DESCRIPTION THAT IT WAS A GALAXY- SO IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GALAXY PHONE, THIS IS NOT THE ONE. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME LOOKING AT THE PHOTO!!!!!!

My friend from Africa needed a affordable Android phone with easy capabilities to make calls back home to Ghana. We ordered this generic model to the Galaxy S3 and he loved it!  It was easy ordering and arrived quicker then anticipated. It also came in a fancy box with its own case, screen protector, earphones, charger, 2 batteries and dual-sim!!! All for less then $200 bucks! how awesome is that?!!  This phone does everything... The only draw back is the headset volume isn't that loud but for the most part, it was a perfect find!

break easily!! Very bad, the touch screen does not work properly , actually nothing works properly! I never recommend it !!

Very nice phone. I loike a lot. it s a perfect size and easy to navigate.Es un telfono muy bonito. Facil de navegar y manejar. Tiene un tamano perfecto.

was awsome when it arrived but i was disappointed that the camera had such low quality and to find out none of the i900 products fit this phone because its bigger then the galaxy s3 (i900) ..........two weeks later my battery died and the phone would not charge ...hasn't worked since

This phone is not worth the money they ask for. I accidentally dropped the phone (inside the case)and it stopped working completly. ITS NOT WORTH IT. Anything that says Quadband, do not buy it. I tried to get the phone fixed and they told me that it was fixable because the material of the phone was cheap. Dont buy it!

I just got my phone today and it is the worst phone I have ever tried. Don't wast your time. I am returning my tomorrow. This is what I get for trying to be cheap.

I bought this phone based on the great reviews. The one I received had a broken volume control. I contacted the seller who replied quickly with the suggestion to "short press" the control. Not sure what that means. But the only way I was able to get the volume to work was by installing a 3rd party app, but that ended up being too much of a pain to adjust when on a call. Other than that the phone was good. It was of "Knock Off" quality, but good for the price.I'm sure if I would have replaced it with another that the replacement would have been fine. The only other issue I had with it, and it's a minor one, was with the Page Dots (I have no idea what they're actually called. The 5 or 6 dots on the bottom you can touch to rotate to a given page.) I was only able to swipe the screen to turn the page. Touching the dots did not work like it does on my Galaxy S III work phone. I admit that I do not know if that is by design or if it's another flaw with the phone I had.In the end I decided to return it and get a real Samsung Galaxy S III (mini) for $150 more. For me it was worth it to have a higher quality phone. It's for use with Straight Talk.A note on the return and a kudos to Amazon, Amazon didn't give me any hassle refunding my money and also paid for the return shipping. Amazon Support 5/5

I has thought I was paying the price of a cheaply made phone but It was a good buy.Contents:Android S32 Batteries1 Flip cover case (alt color)headphonesdata cablechargerscreen protectormanualThe Box itself labels the phone as a quadband, quadcore cpu based phone with android 4.1 Jellybean with a home brew version of Samsungs Touchwiz UI and Lockscreen.The phone itself came preloaded with Android 4.1.1 with a few extra features in the Android Settings a cdma based phone wouldnt have. Does include built-in hotspot feature for Data users. (ex. Sim card settings, sound settings, use settings, show battery percentage, ect) The phone does have a OTA update feature but that doesnt mean that the company has the activity active for future software update pushes. The phone came loaded with the Galaxy s3 launcher for a Samsung like feel, the samsung touch water puddle lockscreen and all the sounds. Statusbar has slideable toggle widgets and GSM profile. The phone has 2 sim card slots for whatever advantages you want to take. I set ours up for Straght Talk. The advertisement says a dual core cpu, the phone declares a quad core! ...not true, Mediatek based chipset but over all perfermance is fantastic. It is not bloated up with advertisments or useless apps, just a home brew port of the Samsung Galaxy Android Software. Almost feels like the company ported over the software from the Galaxy S2 and updated it for Jellybean (Same text app, notes app) . Camera is beautifiull. Fully working flash. Amoled HD Display (says the box...), Touch screen is multi-touch resistive. The build of the phone is sturdy like any OEM phone. Sound is great. Google Now is not included in this device and cannot recieve it says google play shows the device is not capadible...Possibly rooting the phone and pushing Google Now to /system/app would fix this issue? Gtalk is not included in this device...(Rooting would also fix this problem) Possible Root method is undetermined yet. Google play is ready to go. The phone does support video calling but I believe you need to setup a VPN for it.The only thing I noticed was the Battery needed calibrated. Kill it all the way untill battery is drained and let it charge over night. This version of the Android S3 Is almost exact to the S3 so an S3 OEM battery may fit? and work better?(Their are multiple version of this Android S3 Mock phone showing up on Amazon.com but all versions work to just the same standards and performance is optimal This version happens to fit some Galaxy S3 cases)Cons--Battery jumps percentages alot so if your someone who depends on performace or high class, not for you.-No LED Indicator for notifications-No Gtalk-Android S3 Theme kinda bland for a Jellybean Device (No Holo Theme or Icons...)Good buy for a decent device.

I love this phone so much it has so many great features and for a great price. The dealer was also every nice and worked with me with any questions or help I needed with the phone . I give 5 star to this phone .

I was very skeptical when I first read the reviews. I Should have listened to my gut...Is it too good to be true, an inexpensive touch screen phone? The answer is yes, let me explain.First, the phone stopped charging three(3), yes three, days after I bought it. I treated it like a baby and it suddenly like a fruit fly, sat there motionless, dead, kaput, paper weight. Second, 3G was incredibly slow. So slow that there was no point of attempting to get on the any web, besides Google,because I often found myself sitting and gazing off into space. For example, when I had full bars Pandora would not load and when it did the songs skipped because it timed out. So I often found myself thinking of the songs I wanted to hear instead of listening to them. (*)Granted, this could be my cell phone provider's service, but I did not experience this with my older 3G phone. (I also read that the batter life is pretty poor while using applications, but was not an issue for me). Lastly, there is VERY VERY limited setting options. So limited that when I eagerly showed the phone off to other people I watched them LAUGH  OUT LOUD at how poor the customization was and the lack of capability, in terms of GPS disable, lowering setting to save battery life, etc it had.To conclude I rate my experience 1/5 stars because it broke, but if not for that 2/5 stars (MAYBE, BUT NOT LIKELY 3/5 stars) because:1) Broke with in 3 days2) SLOW with internet(*)3) VERY limited settings- p.s LESSON LEARNED "You buy cheap, you buy twice"for $50-80 more I could have gotten an incredibly better phone...[...]

this was an amazing phone it is comprable or even better than the galaxy s3. It is blazing fast and has an amazingscreen and processing system.

This phone already starts to hang and the battery drains within hours. I am not able to either return or ask the seller what needs to be done thru this Amazon portal. I was hoping that there is a warranty of 1 year on the product for defects and these 2 issues that I am facing must have been due to a defective product.

The phone is great, it have everything that i want in a cellphone,i love it can complain it is just what i expected.

I was very impressed with the phone.  It gave a very accurate description of the phone.  The only draw back that I found was that there aren't any cases that will fit the phone.  I was surprised to see that there was already a screen protector installed on the phone, and setup was very easy.  Just logged into my google account and everything synced automatically.  I would definately recommend this phone to anyone.  People who have seen my phone automatically think it's the Galaxy S3.  No problems with shipment, and got the phone in less than a week.  I got one for my daughter and me, and we love it!

my bettery is horrible..my phone dies in 2min..n now muy phone want cut on at all.and its hard 2 find a bettery the match

I bought this phone hoping that it would be a good smartphone. It's just okay. The screen cracked 2 weeks after I got the phone, here's the weird thing, I never dropped it. It never fell off of anything, it never hit anything, nothing. This crack literally came out of nowhere. The screen likes to freeze up randomly, forcing me to do a battery pull to reset it. The phone is not fast at all. I tried using the GPS and the phone took 20 minutes to even get my location. The only time the phone is fast is when I'm connected to WiFi. The camera doesn't take very good pictures like I was hoping. The front camera quality is downright terrible. The headphone jack is really weird. Only the headphones that came with the phone will fit it, no others will. My auxiliary cable that I use in my car won't even fit it. The speaker quality and sound is okay. I didn't really have much of a problem with it. I could hear every one of my phone calls clear as day. When you get a new text message, you go to check it and the phone displays an older text message. You have to scroll down in order to read your new message, and then it has to 'refresh'. It doesn't take long, but why do text messages need to refresh? What is the point? I'm not going to lie, I regret buying this phone. If you're in the market for a Galaxy S3 and this phone is in the recommendations, DO NOT BUY IT. Save yourself the trouble. I would just pay the extra to get a legit S3 instead of this cheap knockoff.

This was not a good purchase. Phone looks like the samsung galaxy 3 but not a phone to purchase. When placing a call you can't see the phone that you are calling, having to take the battery off the phone to stop calls, is many of the apps the languages is china and can't be changed. and  when i receive the phone the screen was broken. tried to get the screen fix bout can't find a replacement screen. That really sucks.

i am very angry, this phone comes with a mark on the screen, one of the batteries don't fit in the phone, it falls, the back of the phone is different from the picture, the SIM card slot 3G is micro, the seller don't say this in the Technical Details....... and the mos important issue.... don't work in 3G 850Mhz band, I try with my sim card and another sim cards in the operator and did not work.

Got this at a really good price.  Would recommend to anyone wanting to try out android phone.  Its the same as the GalaxyS3 and the only issue was finding out how to put the sim card in the phone. So far so good.

Came on time and works great! I love this phone! It was just as described and had no damages on it! It has so many great features on it!

its a good phone but when it come to volume i have to give it 2 stars bc i cant hear anything. Data is terribly slow & my texting and picture messaging doesnt work at all. i've been trying to make it work but i have a hard time with it.

I bought a phone that was similar to this one and was not that great. Then, i bought this one since it was supposed to be way better but it is NOT. The photos come out dark, flash sucks and everynow and then the system is &#34;not working properly&#34; and i have to reboot it to be okay agian.NOT a 3G phone with simple mobile.There was a video that i transfered from my desktop to the phone and it i coulnt play it.It was NOT the same phone from the picture on the website.The instructions/owners manual was one folded piece of paper that dame about 4 pages; no system/technical details whatsoever.DONT by this one; if you spend  a few more bucks you will make a GOOD choice.

They wont touch this phone, no serial number, no brand name nothing. If i could give 9 stars i could. Save yourself the hassle.

I just received this phone in the mail yesterday and I am completely satisfied so far. This phone is better than I expected and was well worth the two week wait. The phone moves on command to the touch, the clarity of the pictures and videos are awesome and the features are great, I would recommend anyone to purchase this phone. It was an excellent buy and I have no regrets.

I move to a new state and that way I can keep my old number and still get a new one when I move, without having to buy a new phone. Just make sure you call your provider so they can walk you though changing your APN in the phone. It feels great and looks great.Pros: looks like a S3Android OS is greatCam is okay (front and back)Touch is really niceSpeaker is loud

I thought it was going to be like any cheap android but its kinda amazing. Its easy to set up if you are with straight talk and it came a bunch of accessories!

Very bad phone, I wish I put more money to buy a real samsung Galaxy, you need to charge the battery every have an hour eventhough I don't talk to much in the phone. It just waste of money. Another bad quality product from China. Save your money don't buy this phone, yes it looks like Galaxy but has nothing to do with it even the finishes are awfel, I think these type of phone sell in China for like $10 not more

This phone is not even worth half the money being charged for it. It comes with 2 batteries for a reason - they die after only 2 hours of &#34;normal&#34; use. Used the phone for 3 days and that was enough. I would rather use my old Samsung Galaxy with a cracked screen than this phone. Complete waste of time and money.

I ordered this phone a while back and was excited to get it and by looking at the reviews, it was the luck of the draw whether you had gotten a good or bad phone. of course, I recieved a HORRIBLE one. I had activated it with straight talk and ordered two different BYOP sim cards. Worked at first, but then it wouldn't get signal at all and had numerous malfunctions. Shortly after I had said to hell with this phone and sold it. It isn't worth your money. Take your money else where. You'll be glad you did

This phone is not worth $10 let alone the $137 that we paid for it. The screen cracked after 1 month of owning the phone and i'm not sure if we can return it anymore because we purchased it on 11/10 and it is now 12/30 but i sure am going to try. The phone looks decent but it clearly is a GENERIC version of the Samsung Galaxy with a lot less perks. You cannot send/receive picture messages or videos - the phone has very little memory and the apps and e-mail run very slow. I would not spend the money on this phone.

Initially when I purchased this device the seller was very helpful. After the phone was purchase shortly thereafter I begun to have problems with this device. I have problems with this device not calibrating correctly. I've tried calibrating the device in the settings of the phone with no luck. I often feel this devise was refurbished and the seller left this information off the product description. I've gone as far as resetting the phone to manufacturer setting with no luck. After resetting the phone it came up as a Samsung device. I was with the understanding that this was a knock off phone. I'm not sure why this happened. I've tried to endure with the phone, however this device became unbearable and randomly stated doing things unexpected such as: opening apps, sending out random texts messages, apps opening and programs starting, dialing numbers, randomly typing numbers and letters and the final acts the phone stated to smoke while charging. Luckily I was near the device. I contacted the seller at first the seller respond. After two emails back and forth the seller stop responding to my emails. I've sent three to four emails with no response from seller. What a terrible way to do business!!!!!! The seller offer no solution to resolve the problem. Buyers any advise as to how I can further handle this matter after contacting selling with no follow up solution?

Initially i got attracted by this posters and specifications, same as is the phone. But performance wise it is worst... phone is very slow. battery gets exhausted within 4hrs just attended four incoming calls totaling to 40 mins,rest of the time idle.... one more worst part is the ring tones... have no more choices... not at all having good volume to hear the incoming calls and any alarms which are the MUST for us in phones we buy. other stuffs are working for price you paid. there are good phones around this price doing as per our expectations. i wont recommend if u buy with ur smartphone dreams!!

I purchased this phone, when it arrived the charger had broken when I tried to put in the phone to charge it. Luckily I had another charger for a previous phone that was the same.  The batteries that came with this phone are junk.  They do not have charge very long at all, now I have to keep my phone plugged in all the time.  I cannot locate a battery that will replace these.  I wasted my money buying this phone.

The phone is really a 2g phone and not 3g so therefore the video call does not work. Everything else is perfectly fine with this phone and for the price the phone is great. The only thing is I wish that they sold cases that actually fit the phone that protects the phone. Everything on the phone works great! I sometimes have problems with my picture messages tho. But once again for the price of the phone you will adjust to the  flaws and enjoy the phone very much.

The phone has very little memory .I added a sim card but when downloading it wants to put a lot of the info onto the internal memory. Hate that because I have all the space on my card I need and none on the phone. Will sell this and buy a different phone with a larger ROM & RAM.

This phone was alright, truthfully it sucked.  It performed common functions yet every now and again the screen would blink and have a red outline on it and when I contacted the seller he said this was common.  Also what I was informed that was common with the phone was that most of the time when you make phone calls the screen goes off, meaning you can't hang up the phone if the didn't answer and if it went to voicemail you would have to take out the battery every phone call.  Also since it is an off brand you cant buy a case for the phone due to the fact that the camera and volume button are on the same side.

The phone look good it  did not workI was authorized to return it and I did and as oftoday10/27/13 I have not heard from Amazon andor the seller I hope to hav a new working phoneor my money

Currently I've had the phone for abouta month now and I absolutely love it. It is responsive with its beautiful touch screen display. The phone has all the power you would need to do any gaming or multi- tasking. The only issue I've had so far is the battery life but with the two batteries that comes with the phone and its ease of swapping them it has not been much of an issue.I would highly suggest this phone for the price compared to the price of buying a galaxy without a contract.

The phone is okay, you can download apps, make calls, text... It looks nice but once you start using it is just regular. I understand it's an imitation and I learned my lesson after buying it. I needed a phone in the meantime since my current phone from T-mobile is a little worn out and a has fallen a few times here and there. Since I don't know if I'll stick to T-mobile or go to a different cell phone provider I decided to try this out for now.What I DO NOT like is the fact that the seller has specified things that aren't true... For example, I was interested in how the camera is said to have 8.0 MP, I thought this was a nice trait given that it's a replica. NOT TRUE, the camera is 2.0 MP and the flash can't even be considered a flash. It barely does anything.The version of android on this phone (or at least on the one they sent me) is 2.0 NOT 4.1They state they ship the phone with one extra batterie, not true... I only received one battery.The sound is okay, there is something up with the headphone jack, I have to &#34;wiggle&#34; or move it around in order to get the music to sound &#34;decent&#34;.I like the look, I like the wide screen, and I think I would've been in love with it IF I would've really received what was being advertised.Again I just think that if I would've known the facts from the start I wouldn't have an issue with the phone. But basically I just bought something that didn't meet up to what is said online.

I really like this phone. Its fast and looks just like the real one. But I need help changing the APN. Help please !!!!

Constantly froze from the the minute I opened it. Almost like a kid phone, kinda fake. Not a good quality phone, simply calls and text. Not really a smart phone,

I absoulutely hate this phone. One of the batteries did not work, it doesn't stay charged long. It is not a good phone and nothing like a Samsung phone. It also does not fit in a Samsung Galaxy case!Very unhappy and I'm going to try to return it!

This phone is the basic knockoff of the smg s3,looks and feels like the real thing. This phone does not have a lot of storage and you have to install the drivers and adb usb tools so it can be used via usb on your pc. Phone works well and is pretty quick in responce.If you have the knowledge and know how this could be the one for you,if you talk,text and surf the net its great but if you need more you might reconsider. Overall a good product and had no problems with supplier or shipping.

BEWARE OF PURCHASING THIS DEVICE!!!!! This is the worst cellphone device I have ever purchased. I have had nothing but problems with this device. There is a constant whining/piercing sound in the background when I make phone calls. So disturbing that I cannot hear the person on the other end of the line. I've tried several times to turn the volume down, thinking that would resolve the issue, but it doesn't. Only gets worse!  I have missed several calls because the device does not ring, goes straight to voice mail. I definitely would NOT recommend this product to anyone!

Very pleased with the phone.  Just difficult to find some accessories.  Does not match up entirely with G3 so some don't.

I have owner several phones, from crappy flip phones to Iphones and beyond.  Compared side by side with a Samsung Galaxy SIII and guess what?  Could not tell them apart.  They also function alike.  The android install is clean without any of the insane amounts of unwanted bundled software that samsung puts on their stuff.I really didn't think it would be this good, but compared at 450.00 for the real deal, there is no difference.  The only difference and I think this might be a deal breaker for a lot is the fact it does not have the Samsung name on it.other than that, it's excellent.  Also, it only 2 days for shipping with Prime!

I'm really glad that I ordered this phone, I love it the only problem that I have with it is finding a case to fit it, yes it is just like the sg3 but because the camera is in a different place than the sg3 and the place where you put the head phones the sg3 case does not fight :( So finding a case that fits is the only problem that I have.

It wasntanything the description said. Many flaws. Battery life was awful, and most of the phone was in a different language.

This is the best customer service I had ever had. The phone is amazing, my first smartphone but would not return it for anything, my friend has the real one and ours is almost exactly the same. The only differences are that mine just says Andriod and have the power and volume buttons on the side instead of the top. Samsung Galaxy 3 is an andriod too. Anyways, best phone, my family is always drooling over my phone now. I ordered it in blue but received it in white because he said because blue one would arrive late. I was happy because I originally wanted to get the white but saving bucks was better to me. As an apology he included a free blue case along with everything else in the description. I was a bit hesitant ordering from China or Hong-Kong but now that I think about it most of the world's product come from there, phones included. Im very happy about my choice to order this phone. Best Ever!! Definitely would recommend! I would rather pay $200 and have a no contract than pay $700 for a phone with the Samsung logo, to me i'm basically paying $500 for the logo. I also got my phone only 2 weeks within ordering. I'm using T-mobile prepaid and it works great. The battery lasted for two days straight!!!! I'm amazed...this will not be the last time I order this phone...my other family members are trying to get it now!! BTW I ordered from lolbuy!!!!!!!

Bought this phone knowing full well I would return it. I mean, too good to be true, right? Well, not only is it the best phone ever. I've had strangers comment on it endlessly. I've been using it in Central America and I get at least two offers a day to sell it. But I'm not parting with it. Camera is flawless. Sound is great, Features too numerous to mention. And it comes with two Sim cards slots. I have two different countries in there and it can be switched from one to the other with one touch. Could not be more pleased. And it comes with 2 batteries! All of these smart phones run out so quick. Well, here they give you two doubling the time between charges. I've read that these phones are copies of the Samsung Galaxy III. That may be so. However, to me it is truly an original and it stands pretty well on its own.

I pretty much like the phone - I got it especially for the dual-sim because I live overseas and interchange sims when I travel. But the batteries are the worst ever. One battery didn't even charge right out of the box and the second has the worst charge retention.Another troublesome issue is the wi-fi stability. It constantly loses connection even when my laptop or Blackberry or anything else is connected. Even next to my wi-fi router it goes off and on. Not fun for downloading podcasts or news.Other than that I like the phone itself, the speaker is fine, the apps easy to load, and since it is an Android it can be like any other phone, really. Sound quality on a call is fine. Earphones sound OK.I would give it a 2 1/2 if it were possible.

This phone out of the box looked awesome and i got it for my mom...after a week she hated it, and then i tried using it..I hated it why...THE BATTERY LIFE IN THIS PHONE IS DREADFULLY. I read other review that said battery life is bad but i just thought i could deal with it but...this phone...IS HORRIBLE

I just received this, and will return to update this review in a month.  But so far I am amazed at this product.It costs $275 less than a comparable Samsung Galaxy S3,  it comes with 2 batteries, supports 2 SIM cards, and even has an FM Tuner built in, and feels very fast.  I installed a new sim from Net10 and it's up and working, texting, etc.UPDATE:After using it and comparing to my Galaxy Note I have determined it will only do EDGE and not 3G on AT&T; or Net10.  I tested both sims and Edge is all you get. Not acceptable.Also the screens viewing angle is horrible.  Don't even try to read the screen outside.I am sending it back...

A lot of stuff on the phone, including Google, still show up in Chinese. Aside from that it is almost indistinguishable from the Galaxy 3S.  At least to a non-techy person like me.  Everything runs very smoothly and the memory seems sufficient.  I have downloaded several apps and everything works perfectly.  GPS works well.  Works great.I paid $198 and got it with Prime shipping.  Not sure why, but immediately after I purchased mine it seemed that no more were available with Prime Shipping from Amazon and now come only from individual sellers.  Kind of a bummer because I came back to order another.**update**. This phone is still working great...except the ringer?  It is weird, sometimes it is fine but other times it sounds like it is underwater and in slow motion.  I have to turn the phone off and back on to get it to work again.  I don't have any idea what the problem is...

I gave it 5 stars because it's just like any regular samsung, htc, motorola phone it works really good. I have simple mobile in it and no problems at all, it's been 2 months already and my friends like it too. They can't believe the price i pay for it, i don't have any negative issues about it and yes i would recommended to anyone.

I bought this phone for myself and put in on the straight talk network. Reception is amazing and runs data at 3g and 4g speeds. Some of the apps preinstalled on the phone do come in Chinese but are easily changed to English. Availability of the apps for this phone are amazing. I would definately buy this phone again and recommend it to my friends. It is set up and runs just like Samsung Android phones so if you have had one you will easily adapt to this phone.  This phone came with a case headphones two battaries charger block and usb charger cord. It does not come with a micro sd card.  I also recommend to anyone purchasing this phone that once you have it you install a task manager to save battery. Open apps will drain it real quick.

This phone is amazing. i love the specs and it is very fast. the web browser is great. i put this phone on Net10 and it went on no problem and the data is as fast as i wanted.

I WOULD NOT recommend this phone nor the seller, Keydroper. To make a long story short, I ordered two phone ended up having to send one back because of malfunctioning issues, Keydroper say they never received the phone however the USPS say the phone is in China and now the other phone is malfunctioning so needless to say I'm out of $300 and Amazon is NOT helping to get my money back. Don't buy it and don't trust Amazon to have your back.Update 8/20/13..... still waiting on my refund.  DON'T TRUST KEYDROPER OR ANYONE FROM CHINA, they've probably changed their saler name.

it is not look like cheap phone,if you compair with price it is great,lite weight,big and nice screen,it come with two batteries,one case,screen protector,charger,what you need else?fast delivery,same function like galaxy s3,i recommand this prodect for those peopole want save money,

7/24/13 UNFORTUNATELY I'M BACK TO UPDATE: CONTACT THE SELLERS FIRST TO GET TO KNOW WHAT THEY KNOW and how the are! IF that's possible!This phone was AWESOME until by the end of the first week the charge plug on the bottom started to move and stop charging. By the second week, it was a real battle to get it to charge at all. I sent it back the end of the second week... ALL THE WAY TO CHINA! DUH! DON"T GO THERE! Months later the guy calls me asking why I didn't send it to the Michigan guy! WHAT! WHY DIDN"T YOU TELL ME!? This is the first of the STALL techniques to get us past the 2 year warrantee and the "A to Z guarantee"!Allegedly he repaired it and sent it back months later. The day I got it back I lightly bumped the cord while setting it down to charge and it quit charging until I slightly bumped it back! I had decided the bad design flaw plug would be charged while not being used or held. No luck, it failed first day. I thought it might hold up with my new gentle treatment. No luck there either. In a day or so it wasn't charging again, and I hadn't barely used it! It took a while to get the time to deal with this clown to insist on a replacement phone that doesn't have this issue. Then, he would only agree to send a used replacement. Well, why not... I was just going to sell it because I never got rid of my iPhone and I can't afford this issue. Well, stall after stall, and low and behold I got a replacement a couple of weeks ago from Michigan - through China, with the months of waiting!WHAT!!!!!!!!! I opened the box. It was damaged from being dropped on a corner and the screen protector they never took off had a huge scratch across it! Hummm... not so interesting, right? Well, I got the dead batteries charged in a couple of days and started her up, see. And, there on the phone was this other persons accounts and data and pictures of this African American woman looking sprite. LOL WHAT? WHAT? LOL NO WAY! So, I DO a "Factory reset"! ME! I DO IT! NOT HIS MICHIGAN GUY! ME! I got a call. The proximity sensor doesn't work, and I can't end the call!  Not only that, but the touch screen won't scroll! It clicks in to whatever is at the point where you start to scroll; and, no way are you going to get anything done! NEVER! So, I be-ightch this guy out! Demand an over night tracking number for a NEW REPLACEMENT WORKING PHONE! I bought NEW, I want NEW that works - mine never did! I bought this phone about Jan 3, 3013, it is July 24 2013 now! He's had my phone in Michigan for about a month now - confirmed delivered! Do I get a phone or tracking number? NO! NO! NO! Stall after stall after stall! Now he is on vacation again - or now just back - for the third time in 7 months! .... a month vacation each! NOW, he has to send one from China, and his Michigan guy can send it when he get them! WHAT? What's that guy for? Can you say STALL?This isn't HALF the story! I called Amazon last night on something else they helped me with, and I brought it up about Standard-Mart. They filed a complaint. Now today, they have a different name: SHIFENG FENG, and something else.OK, this isn't so much about the phone entirely. Sorry, BUT, if you buy from afar, expect the worst! This problem with the phone isn't that big a deal, if it's done right, and your careful. The phone otherwise is incredible! LIKE I WROTE ORIGINALLY: AWESOME!CONTACT THE SELLER! READ THEIR REVIEWS! I did forgot to review the seller in time... they're gone now anyway; but back as another, and another, and another...! BEWARE, buy fair!----------------------------------------- It did not still have the problems of original reviews ---------------------------AWESOME! NONE of the problems noted on earlier posts! They may well have debugged all that by now! I'm techie, so I'm happy with the first months use. It takes some learning curve, like all else after using iPhone and others. No problem there. I kept my iPhone until I knew all is well... GREAT, actually! LOLWell worth the lower price from the S3! Downloading apps and live wallpapers and ringtones is a cinch! I love the big screen. I had to adjust my hand hold a bit, of course. The SD Card 32G is awesome! I mean, I can have all the SD cards I want! AND, one is plenty! No need for much phone memory, except the Gig of RAM and higher ROM is nice. Higher RAM for wed and Netflix etc.iPhone is junk comparitively! This phone tethers to my other computers, tablets and wifi/bluetooth better than the iPhone ever did! LOL Browsers time out more, where iPhone hangs on forever and you never know if to wait. When they time out, just refresh and try again, or cycle through airplane mode to reestablish connection - or reboot, this thing reboots in seconds! The iphone would take days to reboot, it seems - by comparison.

It does not work at all the screen was falling off when I got it and it does not work with any phone company

this phone is a nice body phone which means it looks nice on the outside functions fine when plugged in this cell phone cannot last more than1 hour and if you have school or a job good luck not letting your cell die 5 minutes off the charger mine also came with no back and when i went to best buy to ask for a case they didnt even know what kind of phone or carrier this was it must be a generic carrier of the galaxy...do no buy this phone.

I got the phone before the shipping date. I needed it because I am in Afghanistan and I wanted to be able to use wifi to text on it. The unlocked international smartphone was perfect for that. The phone came brand new with all the gear you expect.

Got my cell in one week and is everything it says and more. Graphics and all areawesome. Thumbs up for this cell!!!06-18-13 updateStill love this phone and discovering all Its features. One thing I can't seem to figure out is if it can so screenshots.

Amazing Phone. The order came quick but the set up was an issue because everything was in chiness. It took me a while to figure out how to change the language setting.Once that was done everything is perfect. I am using a Straight talk sim and it works fine except that I'm not able to receice any picture msg. But that has to do with the APN setting. Loading apps was very quick and easy. I will recommend this phone. The case that he came with doesn't fit so if anybody has a recommendation pls post it.

I like the phone it has really good speed and the app market is good.  The camara is not that great and could be a lot better.  Overall the phone is pretty good.  The delivery took way to long and there was no tracking information to locate the phone it took a month to get the phone.

Unit came in Chinese, it took a long time to figure out how to change to English.  Under (language & input) 'keyboard & input  methods' 3rd menu item remained in Chinese.  Also submenus.  Booklet is a joke. You have to figure out how to program sim order. Have not checked if its dual standby yet. In one place custom keyboards it only had 4 types shown. Don't recall well. Antutu test score was 6673 bottom of the list almost. For a  copy it is ok.

Great phone except for glass.. mine fell on a rug twice &severly cracked in 3 places.  No one will fix it & I'm not sending it back.. too costly.. also read the warranty  info after it happened.. NOT COVERED!!  It's too bad becsuse it was a great phone.. very responsive, great size screen.. little small on internal ram.. everyone thought was a Samsung galaxy S3 or 4...

Just received the phone, so this review is just my initial impression.The phone has a pretty solid build as compared to other Samsung cell phones.  The back of the phone appears to be slightly thicker than the S3.  The screen is bright, with good colors and contrast.If you notice in the description, there is no brand of the phone mentioned.  Some of the reviews are mentioning that they received a case with their phone.  This is not the case in my situation.  I received the phone, USB cord and charger, two batteries, and ear buds.I places my AT&T; SIM in the phone and the phone started to work immediately for voice and text.  I do not have a data plan so I cannot tell you rather data is working or how fast the speed is.  WIFI works well with a good signal.  The GPS is very slow to locate satellites and lock a position.  The best GPS location signal I got was within 44 feet, while my galaxy note had me within 10 feet.Finding a wt to change ring tones was interesting.  It is not listed under sounds.  It is in a non descriptive area in settings, and then I had to press a general button and it brought up what I needed.  This is not like normal android devices that I have used in the past.I did purchase a case for this phone.  It is a generic soft-case that has needed to be "customized" by myself to get it to fit, mainly the volume button ad to be cut into it.  The case was less than 2 dollars here on amazon, it was not a "prime" item, but had free shipping with it.Speaker clarity was clear when I made a few test phone calls, but the other person said that is was likei had them on speaker phone and that I was loud during the call.After reading some reviews, it appears that most people are happy with the initial quality only to be disappointed later.  I will update my review if the quality of the phone starts to decline.7/2/2013 updateHad phone for a week now.  No complaints yet.  There are many makers of this phone.  I noticed that the ad on Amazon does not mention who made the phone, but only lists the specs.  That may be why there is a difference in accessories that come with the phone and the quality.8/3/2013 updateStill not problems noted.  Phone is working fine.  Sometimes the battery will last a couple days, sometimes not.  But other than that, no problems to report.  I did purchase a gel case for the phone, and the gel case, for the most part is fine.  The buttons do not line up with the holes, but it doesn't effect the button press any.8/11/2013The phone is still working great.Here is the phone case that I use:Aimo Wireless SAMI9300SK014 Soft n Snug Silicone Skin Case for Samsung Galaxy S3 i9300 - Retail Packaging - PurpleSearch for that on AMazon and it'll be there.  The buttons do not exactly line up, but I have had not problems with the case and the phone.Last update  10/6/2014Phone is still doing great no problem with it at all.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE, DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!! very frustrated. ...I got this phone and within 2 months the charger that came with it fell apart. I got another charger and after using this phone for less than 6 months, the phone does not charge. The manufacturer, Daniel Chen is awful and rude with his communication and offers to repair the phone. I have read people say he denies receiving the phones that are shipped to him. Moreover, I have some personal things on my phone I wish to delete before sending to him, even if I decide to trust him. I can't even power on the phone phone to reset to factory setting.My BIGGEST REGRET EVER!!! Manufacturer is terrible.....I'm so upset

It is a knockoff every store i went into to find out the problem they said it was a knockoff

I am thinking of purchasing this phone I have TMobile as my carrier and a days plan buy I wanted to know is this phone 4g?

My problem with the hone is the battery won't charge while the screen is on (you'd have to put it on hibernate or turn the phone off completely). Also the battery  life off the charger is n't worth nothing either. Its seems to loose juice so fast. Not like it'l be on 100?% then you look again and its on 20%. Its more like 100 to 92 then 80. But if you don't bother it and leave the phone alone it goes from 100 to 92 in a good amount of time, but that's obvious though. I take my charger with me in fear that the phone will dieWhen I'm on the phone (playing games, checking email etc) anything really it will randomly start gliching like it it'll continuously vibrate like I've pressed something and it would open and close all types of applications. It would do this for a good minute. I'd have to handle the phone slowly or carefully so it wouldn't have a fit.Also it changes my screen back to the defualt "wave" wallpaper it came with when you first turn it on. Its doesn't do it alot. It has happen twice since I've received it on the 29th of June.When I first got it and made calls the screen would dim out and wouldn't come back on. and when I clicked the side button it would flicker on then off. It doesn't do this anymore, its works fine now.Other than that everything is fine. I would like to think due to the fact that everything was hot when I opened it (batteries and all) it has problems. But you get what you pay for.

1-Bad sound receiving and making calls2-Sometimes lags3-Camera's flash doesn't work in the darkOverall, the Cellphone didn't fit my expectations...

The delivery was right on time and the product is great. Couldnt ask for anything more. Its exactly as the product post is described if not better

i am a first time user of touch Smart phone, i am not familiar with the technical stuff however let me give you my bit.Pros:Sturdy phone , nice look and screen is big enough to read documents downloaded,uses Micro USB charger that is common for usecase has a leather screen cover attached to it to prevent scratchesfast downloads from app storeGPS CapabilityHas WiFi Hotspot capabilityMatches up with other Phablets interms of performanceCons:battery life is short when playing games and using WiFithe charger and earphone that came with it were made of poor material the earphone speaker section opened up the first time i used itI had to replace the charger because it wouldn't charge the phonefreezes one ore two time saying connecting to WIFI but i just pull the battery and it up and running again

This phone is a great choice if you want a good phone to use on alternative plans such as Straight Talk. To use on Straight talk you need to buy a SIM card. I have unlimited talk and data for 45 bucks a month. The phone is a generic version of the galaxy S3. So far have had great coverage and data.

I have had this phone for about a month an a half and this phone sucks it came from china and when I first got it certain buttons didn't work and the whole unlocked 3g thing is false information. my storage always says that it is full I cant download that many apps I have tmobile 4g unlimited service which doesn't work on this phone because the network is edge not 3g or 4g. my apps are slow internet slow I kinda HATE this phone smh. I was SUPER excited but when I got it it was an disaster....DO NOT GET A GERNIC PHONE the quality is so cheap smh

Not working on straight talk I need some help the phone is not bad ..I just can't get to work on straight talk or even my net 10 ...help if anyone knows how.

I did not know it was a knock-off, a counterfeit. It said &#34;Galaxy III&#34; but not the brand Samsung. Oh, it also came with German instructions...I'm in the USA & speak English. I have returned the phone, at my own shipping expense. The sales ad did not say &#34;Generic&#34; like this caption says. I don't buy counterfeit products. Hopefully, I get my refund in a timely fashion.

UPDATE #2!!! Garbage! Worthless,would love to break into tiny little bits! I expect a phone to last at least a year with no major issues, but this little thing has been one ongoing problem after another! Just bought an LG from straight talk to replace this. Should have just spent the extra money at first! PEOPLE! it will impress you for the first little bit, then it will make you want to slam it into a wall-HARD.UPDATE!!!! Had the phone for several months now. Found a gel cover from china that fits it finally. Dropped it, broke the screen, but it still works so I'm good with that. Really bugs me cause I take great care of my stuff and have never broken a phone. It still goes off alot, still freezes up. New annoyance is NO storage, and it will no hold a charge. I'm not the kind of person that has 30apps and music, I have 5 apps, that's it. If I knew then what I do now, probably would have passed. But I have noticed alot of bad comments about customer service, I got mine at lolbuy, and they have been awesome and always fast to respond. If your going to try it, get it from them.I like this phone OK. Take into consideration I have been using a blackberry for 4+ years however and this is a total change for me. I had to have a phone compatible with straight talk thus the blackberry had to go. This phone is fast, web is great. Love the voice command option and talk to txt. It actually understands me, southern drawl included. I hate texting on it, but I hate txting on any touch screen, again, I had a blackberry. Had some issues with it, and daniel chen was very promt in his reply. Most Issue's are resolved, but some are still there. It freezes up and you have to take the battery out over and over until it decides to come back on and very very often it will not sent txt msg, rather give me an error msg. I have no clue how to fix this, i'm thinking it's just not set to keep trying to send it if the other person is out of range or something, idk. And as far as the freezing up, I watched a friend of mine with a "real" samsung having the same problem. Camera and speaker are not great. Overall, Its worth the money. I would buy it again. Shipping was super fast from lol buy and it was packaged very very well. Took me 10min's just to open it. For the price it is vs out right buying a samsung, I would most definitely say give this phone a try. And if anyone knows where to buy a cover for it, please let me know!

I Can't Video Call With The Phone First Of All...AND I Can't Find A Case For This Phone! You Have To Make A Case For This Phone!Its Still Way Too Big For The S4 Cases!  I'm A Little Mad Because It Didn't Come Just Like The s3 Like Its Said And Showed A Photo But Nope....Way Too Big!  Other Than That It's A Good Phone Just That It Always Says E Instead 3G Or 4G It Never Gets That High. It's Only Fast When You Connect It To Wifi Or Something.

This is such a great phone. I love it. I bought a StraightTalk sim for T-Mobile and called StraightTalk to have it set up and it works perfectly. The only thing I can't figure out is the APN settings to use data & send MMS. StarightTalk customer service is no help .. I think I'll try calling T-Mobile or going into an electronics store if T-Mobile can't help me. If anybody knows what I should do, please let me know! Thanks!

I like the phone and its features very much, the only problem i am having with it is its battery life, especially  when the wifi or bluetooth is turned on the battery runs down in no time less than an hour that is...I wish i could get a better battery for this phone!

this is a great phone nothing to compare with those well known brands. I will recommend whoever to buy it for great satisfactiuo

i havent even had this phone for two weeks and have already had alot of problems.the first day i got it the sound didnt work, unless i had my headphones in and i decided to just let it go. now the place where you plug the charger into has a short or something wrong with it and i have to sit my phone a certain way in order for it to work. now my phone wont charge at all and its not the batteries cause i know a friend with the same phone and he charged my battery for me and it worked.i wouldnt recommened getting a phone from here at all unless you want a peice of crap.

It's my first and last time to buy such kind of mobile..buy original one better than buy this kind of Chinese mobile.

The item was lost in shipment.  No parental locks.  Had to return the accessories purchased since another tyor of phone was purchased

Phone worked well at first.Home button never worked and because of the button set up, I was never able to find a case that fit it correctly.After several months, I began having problems.The screen would get glitchy and wouldn't work correctly and I would get random crashes that caused the phone to reboot.Finally, it would &#34;loose&#34; my sim card. Randomly, in either slot, it would just decide that the card was no longer there and disconnect from the network. Sometimes it was only for a couple of minutes, sometimes it was for days. Because it is a generic phone, there is no manufacturer to complain about the defects in the software/hardware or anyway to get it corrected. My carrier told me that it was listed as a counterfeit phone (please note, not counterfeit only a no-name) and wouldn't honor the insurance that I had through the network.I had to breakdown and replace it with a different phone 4 months after purchase.

trash waste of money, phone got so hot that the screen cracked 1st week the battery situation is laughable. A knock off I understand but seriously this is trash piece of equipment.

camera was a joke!! very cheap knock-off of galaxy s111..if you are used to a brand name fone don't waste your time!!

i only had this phone for a couple of months and it wont charge on any of my chargers it has horrible quality and nothing like the real thing also the one i bought for my son like to press buttons by its self and locked him out and because the internet on the phone was defective he couldnt get back in I learned my lesson on wasting money

my phone stop working after a month... I tried to turn It back on and it never came back on... what a waste of my money... sorry I don't mean to be harsh but it's true...

The phone was horrible no one should ever order This phone!  It's slow there is No 4g, there are also problems with the speaker! Top it Off the screen always freezes! Just don't ever get this phone! You have been warned!

I never dropped the phone once and when I pulled the phone out of my pocket the touch screen was cracked. Not the glass part. I contacted the seller and all they said is it wasn't under warranty. All I wanted was a exchange. I even sent a picture and everything proving it was a broken touch screen and they wanted 40 to replace it. Not worth it

Misleading! this is NOT a samsung! ITS NOT 4G! IT performs poorly and just not worth the time! Dont Waste your time or money on this item.

i honestly thought this was the samsung S3 and i mistakenly picked it. i was thinking of returning it but i still need a phone. I wont be using it for that long. Another thing is that everything is in Chinese and it does nothing a new phone will do. The battery and back part also smells like a blown out speaker or burning tires.

First of all, let me say that most of the users that rated this product 1 star are SLOW!!! LOLI was reading their reviews and some of them actually thought that they were purchasing a REAL Galaxy S3!!  WOW!!If people would just take the time to thoroughly read what they are purchasing then this product would be a 4 star product.Anyway, I ordered this on the 11th of May and it shipped on the 12th of May. It came from Hong Kong to California in 2 Days which is AMAZING! But I did not receive it until the 20th because I live on the east coast.About the phone: First impression was that it looks well made. It felt great in my hand an was smooth and sleek looking.When turned on, it took about 5 seconds to get to home screen which isn't bad at all. I first tested the camera... it's not clear like the real galaxy s 3 but it takes pretty decent pictures. I am currently looking for a new camera app because I don't like the one that is installed on the phone.I was able to safely root this phone in under 1 minute using the step-by-step guide provided by Mtk6577GamingRig website. They also have a youtube video showing you how to do it.As soon as I turned on the phone it also connected to my home wifi in 2 seconds! I was shocked as my previous phone (HTC wildfire S) took over 1 minute to connect.I immediately downloaded about 25 of my favorite apps and each app took about 3 seconds to download, so yeah.. this phone is RIDICULOUSLY FAST!Now the cons:The screen brightness is not that bright if you're outside in the sun. It's kind of difficult to see the apps on the screen clearly but once you step in a shaded area then it's easier to see.Battery life isn't great, maybe 3 hours.When you first get the phone you have to use it until it dies all the way and then charge it all the way WITHOUT USING IT until it is 100%. This calibrates the battery & the battery percentages should be more stable.I also recommend getting a battery saver app & downloading advance task killer to remove apps that linger uselessly in the background which kill your battery.But overall this is a great phone. I can live with the screen brightness issue & oh yeah, I am using a net10 at&t; sim card with the phone and I get 3G! The connection is amazing & everything works great (sms, mms, data/internet)!Please feel free to let me know If you have any questions!Thanks!!Also, big thanks to PCTVSHOP for this phone & the amazing shipping. I know you guys had some issues with a past usps shipping agency but I stil appreciate everything that you've done & for your prompt response & professional customer service.Update: 6/6/2013This phone is BAD ASS!I've had it for 2 weeks & 3 days now & it still works just as perfectly as it did the first day I got it!I have yet to drop it *knock on wood* & there have been no random cracking with the screen. Again, I treat it like it is an expensive silk thread. I don't just shove it in my pocket or throw it in my backpack. I always have it in hand or in my soft mini purse (which I bought specifically for this phone since I have yet to find a case that I feel will protect it as is)AGAIN, People NEED to calibrate their batteries when they first get it or else it will just fail miserably!My battery lasts 6+ hours and I use it moderately. I'm always on instagram, snapchat, texting & surfing the web & it last through the whole day of work. & that is with ONE battery.The internet is just as fast, the phone boots up quickly as the first day I received it & everything is functioning the same.I honestly believe that some of these sellers are the reason why some of these phones are junk as they may be altering these phones or sending damaged ones.The people I bought mine from were good & honest vendors.Thanks again to PCTVShop. & thank you for putting me at ease with the guaranteed 1 year warranty.I will update this again 2 weeks from now when I will have had this phone for a month.

Slow, the touch interface is awful, cant update android. keyboard doesn't type the outer keys and you have to turn the phone to landscape every time you want to write

after receivng this phone, i realized it wasnt a real samsung.  i went to a local place to order a cover, but no cover would fit cause it was larger than the real galaxy.  also, i could not get the phone cut on without a lot of extra money involved.

Where do I start? Can't receive calls;turns on & off whenever it chooses to. Can;t unlock it to use it. A piece of junk.

It is a terrible cell phone. Strongly recommend do not buy it. It was burned  after two months under normal use.

My Wife order me the phone I got in about a week. I've had for about 3 weeks now and I really don't have any problem with the phone. It came with everything it said it would come with. I use Net10 for service (Bring your own phone plan AT&T; sim). Calls are clear and loud. I get fast 3G service when I need it. I like the fact it's a dual sim phone, because I move to a new state and that way I can keep my old number and still get a new one when I move, without having to buy a new phone. Just make sure you call your provider  so they can walk you though changing your APN in the phone. It feels great and looks great.Pros: looks like a S3Android OS is greatCam is okay (front and back)Touch is really niceSpeaker is loudCon:  Contacts won't link to Faccebook (get the app called UberSync for Facebook)works fineFlash could be betterCan't send MMS (if anyone knows how to fix this please let me know)Batt life is not great so carry your charger if you can or the extra batt with youThe inbox charger is not go at all, so just buy a new if you don't have a old chargerAll-in-all this a good buy. You won't be mad with is phone. Hope this review was helpful to you.

Got it for my mom, and just threw in her AT&T sim card. Works great and she loves it. Even without a data plan which she doesn't want to pay for, she can still get the internet with WiFi.

Even though the product title/description says it will work with T-Mobile and has 3G - it will NOT. It only was the WCDMA 2100MHz frequency, and T-Mobile requires WCDMA 1700 MHz as well. False advertising! Returning product.

I would recommend for people who has teens that want a up to date phone that you dont have to get in a lengthy contract to get.

But, the battery life is below average, and the quality of the camera is less than VGA and not have accessories to replace, came with 2 batteries but I have no way to charge the other one.

the phone is good but it would be great if I could find a case for it. Any ideas on what cases will fit this phone???

wifi is crap, t-mobile only supports 2g.  the phone itself has a few glitchy things about it, but overall, it was very cheap, and the functions work well, and the android build is clean, not a lot of bloatware from the carriers.  it needs another revision or two, and tis could be a good/cheap s3 replacement.  i wouldn't buy this again.

The charger won't stay in to phone to charge. I can barely hear out of the ear jack speaker and the person on the other end can barely hear me. I'm requesting a refund

do not buy this phone they sent me a Brocken charger with this phone so I had to get another charger for it and from the start this phone did not stay charged for more then two hours then 1 week after having the phone it started not wanting to charge then about two weeks after having this phone it wouldn't charge at all so now I'm stuck with a Brocken phone that can not be repaired because the parts are Japanese oh and also there is no case for this phone the Galexy case will not fit this phone either

I had a Galaxy S3 with T-mobile...Awesome phone, but the T-mobile service sucked and the bill was too high, so I returned it after I found this phone online. I purchased this phone and bought a sim card from Straight Talk and the service is great, unlimited everything for $45, you can't beat that, and this phone is practically identical with the galaxy that I had...not only the look, but the same software too. does everything my galaxy did. The phone took about 2 weeks before I received it. Very Pleased, great buy!pros- Does everything the Galaxy does, same look and everythingcons- In order to get a full charge, I have to charge and turn the phone off overnight, but they give you 22nd, the auto correct doesn't recognize words that great

I ordered this phone in November 2012, for my son for x-mas. The next day I canceled order and he said it was too late. When I got the package I refused it. Never will I buy from him. I never got credit for the phone. I am paying for a cell phone that I do not have. It has been plenty of time to credit my account. I will not order anything else from Over Seas.Jennifer Dunn!!!!!!!

Although the phone came with two batteries, neither would charge. Even when I left the phone plugged in overnight, it would generally not charge over 30%. The screen became extremely oversensitive when plugged into the wall, making random calls to people in my phonebook and then going dark so that I wasn't able to hang up. Extremely annoying.

I bought the phone for my granddaughter's 17th birthday.  She has T-Mobile service and after three hours on the phone with T-Mobile, it was still not able to be 3G.  It kept trying to look for a WiFi hotspot.

this is not a good phone.  apparently its only good in other countries.. had to eventually have it replaced.  dropped call didn';t work well in America

Subject pretty much says it. It's a fine piece of hardware but the software leaves something to be desired. If you don't mind ICS it's fine.

I would have rated the product five star, but i chose to rate it four star because I am having problems getting a cover that will protect the phone in case it drops. otherwise, this is one of the best Android phone i have ever owned.

this is a great phone it works great so far the camera is great takes very good pictures so this is deff a great deal for such a great phone

ITS FAKE, I BUY BUT IS BAD IS THE S3 BUT FAKE I CALLED FBI AND THEY RE GOING TO ERASE THIS PHONE FROM USA SO THE DUAL WITH HAVE NO USE

You pay for what you get! This cell doesn't hold any phone calls for more than 40 seconds.The battery doesn't work well either. And it doesn't come with an GPS app.I spent a fortune to return a product that didn't work properly  and I didn't get refunded for it.Very upsetting!

I previously bought the blue version of this phone (Unlocked Quadband Dual Sim Android 4.1 OS With 4.7 Inch Capacitive Touch Screen 3G Smart Phone - AT&T;, T-mobile, H20, Simple mobile and other GSM networks (Blue)) which is a great phone, though the GPS is finicky and slow about getting a lock, and, while the OS claims to be 4.1.1, it's actually 4.0.4 (Ice Cream Sandwich).This one, however, is actually 4.1.1 Jelly Bean. It has the Jelly Bean look and feel (new menus and other updated user interface items), the Jelly Bean "Easter Egg" in the Phone Information page, and it reports itself as API Level 16. So this one checks out entirely as actually being 4.1.1.That said, I loved the other phone, and decided to buy this one as a birthday present for my adult daughter (who was also impressed with my new phone.) She is loving it.The phone runs apps quickly and responsively. The display size and resolution are fantastic, it's sharp, clear, colorful, and huge without being too big for a hand or a pocket. The display is responsive, with 5-point touchGeneral notes on the phone: It takes full size SIM cards (it has two slots), will run without a SIM card (though not make calls) so it makes a good Android developer phone, too. It has the specs claimed in the product listing, though the GPS takes a minute or more to get a fix, and requires a clear sky to do so with the two phones we've got. No indoors satellite connections for us.The outline of the phone does not exactly match a Samsung SIII, so you can't use Samsung hard cases, but some soft cases may fit. Screen protectors fit, though I haven't had to replace the one that came with the phone yet. My phone came with the screen protector already on, my daughter had to put hers on herself.The phone keeps a good charge. It comes with two batteries, but the only way to charge the battery is to have it in the phone. I swap batteries about once a week just to keep a charge on both, but in use the battery never lets me down (I plug it in overnight each night) and I use lots of apps during the day, though I'm pretty fanatical about turning off wifi and bluetooth when I'm not using them (and that kills the in-game ads for a lot of games, since I don't have data on my phone plan.)My daughter and I both love our phones. With the price, the features, and the magnificent display and zippy processor we've been really enjoying them. I'd give hers six stars if I could (since it actually has the 4.1.1 OS inside, I gave mine 5 even though the OS was one version older, but whether I get ICS or Jelly Bean wasn't critical to me. My daughter likes the changes to Jelly Bean a lot.)

I ordered my phone Jan 2nd and received it Jan 10th. It arrived lightening fast and It is everything I was hoping for and more. The screen is amazing. Everything works..GPS included. The phone is fast and I couldnt be happier. I ordered the Cimo clear case international version for Samsung S3 and it fits great. I had to cut a bit of a larger opening for the volume rocker but it works like a charm. The price and product, compared to a new S3 unlocked is WORTHIT!I am so happy with this phone I just ordered another for my daughter.I use straight talk and ordered a Bring Your Own Phone SIM card (ATT compatible) changed the settings for the APN and it works great.The camera has a flash...a bunch of different settings, zoom, panaramic..So far the only change I made was to add a different messenging program because something I did when I imported my old sim card phone numbers caused the stock messenging program to have difficulty with the number format. I believe it was user error and not the phone. Handscent SMS works great.I used my old SIM to do a contacts import before installing the BYOP SIM from straight talk. Order a standard SIM for this phoneThe old straight talk sim works but you will not have a data connection. So if you already have straight talk you will still have to order a Bring Your Own Phone SIM. I emailed straight talk and they confirmed that.My battery is at 56% right now....after 6 hours of use...I haven't decided on the rating for battery life just yet. I had a Nokia Smartphone prior and the battery was amazing. This phone uses a standard Android charger so those are easy to find and you get two batteries with your purchase.5 stars for ME!I bought mine from LOlbuy...Daniel Chen was great!One more thing...I downloaded the user manual for the S3 on the tmobile website. It is essentially the manual for this phone minus some of the preloaded Tmobile apps. Its a great reference for things like tethering and GPS.

I'm very sad with that product...I was expecting a new one and it's Not a new one....I don't want to buy any more cell phones on amazon is not a big deal..it is not honest

Where to begin, well when I saw this phone I was really excited because it was in my price range and it had the camera I wanted. I was in a hurry because my phone was not working very well, so I placed the order and spent an extra $25 so I could receive it in 3-4 days, and it came on time but it wouldn't turn on  I got no response from it at all so I contacted the seller and he said that he could give me a discount on a battery charger, or I could return it and get it fixed and it would take 2-3 months. But I decided I'll just return it and get my refund, so they sent me an mailing label that I had to print off . Before I mailed it off I received another battery, so I tried it and all it did was light up and make noise, I couldn't even see the screen.So of course I returned it and had to pay postageand tracking, it took about 3 weeks until I finally got my refund. This phone was more trouble than I thought it would be.

i Forgot the camera is definitely not 8 megapixel the quality is very lousy. the battery life is no more than 4hrs.

I think there's a glitch in the phone. If I let it run out of battery, which I try not to do, then I plug it in to charge, I cannot use the phone while it's charging. It says that the launcher is not responding, and it will not do anything else. Today, I found that I had forgotten to charge it last night, and the battery was dead. Now, after having it charging for about 8 hours, when I turn it on, the logo runs through it's graphic sequence non-stop, and will not do anything else. I have tried taking out the battery & SIM card for a while, which worked last time this happened, but it's not working today.Ug! And on top of that, I have no idea how to get tech support. I hate the thought of going back to Verizon, but I NEED a phone for business.That was my first review. I had to return the phone, just barely in time, because it would not turn on any more. I lost all my contacts. That was over a month ago, and I still have not received my refund. I NEED a phone and cannot afford to buy another one until my refund comes. Since then, I've also seen a number of reviews from other people who have had similar problems with this phone. I do NOT recommend it at all.

The battery does not last like other phones I have.I like it because it allows my to travel with my local line and my international line too.I will recommend to a friend but must tell him or her to travel with the 2 batterie. But this is not good for somebody who stays long on phone.

I LOVED this phone!. The quality on the camera was good and the speakers. I had the phone for a month or so and the USB charger broke on the phone. It was really easy to return and Standard-Mart was really nice compared to other companies I have delt with. I would highly recommend this phone to everyone.The only bad thing about it is I couldnt find a case but the quality of the phone is great for a good price to.

I already received my Quadband Dual Sim Android 4.1 OS from China Global Choice......Super Fast I will DEFINITELY order from them again......AMAZON luv the work you guys do.......

good night, the product I get this day I could not use it because when I make a call the screen turns off and I can not hang up the call, the screen starts to apagarce and prenderce. I hope prompt response thanks.

this phone is defective!! its fine up to a month or so and here comes all types of problems. the phone dont have any phone cases that would fit. the phone isnt compatiable with most apps. Please do not spend your money on this phone. its a rip off. i spent $150 on this phone and i have already had to purchase another phone. the phone isnt made by samsung it only say android on the back of the phone. the camera is weak it has a horrible flash. just go to the phone store. this is another way for china to make free money

the phone is not good , buying this type of phone is waste of money.Is not charging less than one month of use.

This phone diservers the 5 stars was everything I read it would be. only thing disliked was the 1gb of memory, with ah phone dis good I would have expected better storage but besides that I recommend it 2 whoever wants this phone an those who are questioning the 3.5mm jack will it work depends on the earphones an if u push them n deep enough but they should fit try JVC marshmallow earbuds great for dis phone an very loud. has 4.1 jellybean witch is pretty sweet. Like I said great phone nice size I've had no problems so far an its been at least ah month. So stop questioning your self an get the phone for the price its ah deal + its unlocked!

The battery life is the major problem.  I guess seller knew this already because it came with two spare batteries but after a week use, it is still same battery problem.  With fully charged battery, after a week of use working for only 20 minutes, it works for only 5 minutes and eventually died. Device could have been perfect but for the battery life.  Without battery, device is worthless.

The phone doesn't work with my service. Drops calls all the time and won't send messages. It shuts off by its self

the phone is great considering it is a generic and the price, my only complaint was that despite the camera having 8 mp, the pictures looked horrible. I had an app called fast burst that allowed me to get great pics of my 2 year old who is always moving, but this phone was too slow to use the app and give me good pictures. but the pictures taken outside in good lighting we awesome! so aside from that, great phone! and the screen is huge!

Purchased this for my son to replace his windows phone that was stolen.  From the very begining my son had problems with the audio quality, he couldn't hear ones on the line and the music played through head phones was very low.  He tried to put up with the sound quality. With in the next few days the phone would not keep a charge and then eventually stopped working all together. We thought we were getting a great deal on this phone since it was similar to the galaxy S3 for the price but we were sadly disappointed.

I bought this phone for my wife for Christmas, and it is awesome.  She really wanted a Galaxy SIII, but I couldn't get a phone subsidy out of T-mobile without them forcing me into a $30/mo data plan.  Nuts to that idea!  Android phones such as this one work well when you're within range of a wireless network, plus we do have a usage-based data plan if absolutely necessary.  That typically costs us $0/mo.I was extremely concerned that the battery life would be miniscule when I discovered a 2nd battery in the box.  But with my wife's usage, the phone lasts well over 2 days between charges.  I only wish there were an external charger for that 2nd battery.  The external charger for a Galaxy SIII battery does not appear compatible.Edited to add: This phone continues to perform quite well.  With light use, the battery life is actually more like 4 days and not 2.Also, does anybody know who made this?  I think it is an HDC Galaxy S3 Plus Lte [i9300].

It was everything I expected it to be. Great all around.Wish it had a case but other than that it was amazing my mom really loved her mother's day gift.

This phone is NOT worth the money spent; s***iest phone I've ever owned!!Never again will I puchase a phone through Amazon from China!

was very pleased with the professionalism of this company and would recommend to order again. A most have item for anyone looking to upgrade their phones.

The productu was blocked by my cell operator that a different serial appears on the screen when printed phone that brings back, stand is a reconstructed cell. For this reason, the phone was blocked, I ask the favor of colaborarme this problem because this issue is not my fault it's your problem because I sold him two different serials.appreciate your cooperationsoon thanks

The phone looks good and WiFi connection is good too. Browser is very fast. I really wanted to keep the phone but it cannot recognize the SIM card. I tried to attached some tape on the back of the SIM but the phone still failed to recognize the SIM card.

I ordered this phone about two weeks ago & was told it'd be a month . Not true came in yesterday and I'm still excited. Everything is great & it adapted to my T-Mobile sims card instantly. People complain about it only using 3g , but the service is quick , better than the Exhibit I had before .  .  Problems: This only two things discovered thus far is the case sent with the phone doesn't fit (which is to be expected these are slightly bigger than regular galaxies). And the phone camera is an iffy subject , it has no flash ! Sometimes good quality sometimes not , but it can zoom. As far as a case I ordered two wallet-like cases specifically for the galaxy.

The only bad thing I have to say about this phone I will say first: mine is not very sensitive to GSM, WiFi or GPS signals compared to my other phones. Makes it less useful especially with the carriers available to me in my area.Otherwise it's great. It's inexpensive, works rock solid, very responsive, comes with spare battery, a spare back cover that has a flip-over screen protector, Android 4.1.1, good battery life, camera is very usable (not great: low light shots blur easily), runs any application I've tried very well, a nice size.
