
The charger not working! The back cover looks like a fate one! I am not recommend to buy it at all

Good.  Works well and unlocked as stated.

The phone came to me in the original box. It had everything with it, including the plastic film that covered the screen and camera! The charger it came with initially made a very high pitched electrical/clicking sound when plugged in to the phone which worried me. But after a couple e-mails, they sent me a new charger. Problem fixed! Great customer service!This phone takes a micro sim, so dont be worried if your sim is too big. You can easily print off a template online and cut yours down to size. That is what I had to do and it works perfectly. :-)

phone works great, easy to use.  wanted to try for awhile to make sure before adding feedback, but I really like it - I can even design web sites for my college courses using this phone

I love this phone, it's the best phone I ever invested... I would recommend this to anyone.. The apps are great... Bigger screen and take awesome pictures.

The only thing I didnt like was puntually the box where they came, it looked with some kind of punch and dirty.. but inside an original product with all its accesories

hello I'm from Venezuela, I came empty box, only charger and handsfree with manual sending miami to Venezuela late and I arrived today, I feel cheated because the equipment is very expensive and not easy to buy, Stafa need to denounce this, and I will get to the appropriate authorities.

very well loved, more then likely this will be the last cell phone my friend would ever want unless she upgrades to the s4 or s5, but so far she is in love with her phone, Samsung is an excellent phone and nice apps too

Phone is great but when I answer phone the phone screen turners black and sometimes won't come back to the home screen when I take picture in hd it doesn't come out in hd it's blurry

I concur with Mr. Love, a previous reviewer with basically similar experience.I ordered WHAT I EXPECTED TO BE NEW, my Samsung SIII 1747 white model. I set up the phone and immediately found that the phone was not taking charge fully. I figured the charger port may have had a fault so I purchased a charger docking system but to no avail. Witihn 10mins of use, the entire phone would turn hot to touch.Eventually, I carried my phone for technical review at a cellular phone company only to be notified that my phone was not an original model and that it was made up of all non-authentic parts.I still had to resort to purchase of a new Samsung SIII phone thats working perfectly.Lesson learned: take not of reviews (had I read Mr. Love's review prior, I don't think I would have bothered with this agency through which I purchased my phone)I hope those persons who are selling these faulty phones get whats coming to them!

I got this phone ( the second one i buy in one month) my other phone was stolen at work, so i order this one and pay for express shipment, because smart phone is very usefull in the day to day work and social ativities, and i want to get it ASAP.  One week later after waiting for the phone i contact the supplier and ask him where is my phone,  He replies &#34;ohhh we dont have the color that you choose, do you want the other color&#34; to what i said yes. took another 3 days to ship my phone. and was ship by normal mail not by express like requested and paid. So i woulnt recomend this supplier to any one. also advertised as New Unlocked phone, but you get a AT&T; phone not new yes but weird that you get a phone from a phone company.daniel

The phone did not work. It would shut off after 30 seconds. Tried new battery that did not work either. Ver disappointed

people cant hear me well when am trying to talk on the phone plus i have 2 difrent time on my phone i had to delete the weather app to see only one  other than everything works

Not exactly what I thought I would get for something's that's over $200 but it seems more of a hassle to return it and get another one. The phone was unlocked, so far I have not had any issues with using tmobile for this phone. The phone did have some small issues the back of phone has a small crack, the power button did not seem very stable, and for some reason the battery will not charge to 100%. First the phone seems to take a lot longer than any other  phone to charge and when I left it charging it would go from 92% and without touching it it goes to 87%( no app was being used). When I did use the Internet it appeared to be slower than the LG i had and heats up the battery fast, so I'm hoping it is just the battery and not the phone. So far I'm not very pleased with the purchase but I still have a few days to consider if I want to keep it or order from somewhere else. Only considering to keep the phone bc my old phone broke.  Why is the phone still overpriced when the 4 is out and 5 is coming out soon?

I recently ordered the samasung 3, it came in an open box as was dirty. The phone was ordered for A TEENAGE GIRL WITH CANCER. mailed to canada as a gift. I did not oepn Amazon box, sent package direct to hospital. i feel that it was  offered as a new phone. Unfortunately it was not clean and looked used. I would like a partial refund of a $100.00

Had some problems obtaining the correct phone. This is a standup company that helped us and replaced the phone with no problem.

Claimed to be an worldwide unlocked phone.Not for Verizon. Also the water damage stickers were completely white on both the battery and the phone.

The sender sent the phone now well packaged, it was bouncing around in the box when it was received.  But the WORST of it all, I was told the phone is 'UNLOCKED' therefor it can be used all over BUT WHEN THE SIM CARD WAS PUT IN, I QUICKLY FOUND OUT THAT THE PHONES WAS NOT UNLOCKED!!!  Very disappointed. =(

The phone works great. I did not receive the headphones with my order so I contacted the store who promised me that I will receive the headphones (still waiting). As for the phone, it works great no complaint. I got the red color and I love it. Alot of ATT bloatware is included but I don't care. So far so good.Update:Company shipped me three headphones!!!!! Happy customer!!!!

I was very pleased with the phone I ordered.  It was exactly as described.  I would also like to recommend the Blue Dot company.  Their customer service team was quick to answer any questions that I had about my purchase, and worked to make sure that I was satisfied.  I will definately do business with Blue Dot again!!

es un excelente producto, lo recomiendo ampliamente y a la tienda que lo promociona, buena calidad y el envio fue rapido

Cheap feeling plastic and a layer of janky software, awesome. Only bought it to test some stuff for a client. I can't believe America likes this crap so much.  Get a Nexus instead.

Beware of which seller you purchase this phone from, I recommend emailing the seller first before buying anything, especially items like these. Ask (in this instance) if the phone comes in retail packaging, has it been opened? etc etc..because I received a generic packaged, previously repaired which means it was probably used (not new at all), Galaxy S3. The home button wasn't even lined up straight. Fortunately since it was fulfilled by Amazon I was able to get a quick refund.I purchased my next Galaxy S3 through JP Mobiles LLC. (a seller also here on amazon). Got exactly what I wanted, an unlocked, brand new, Galaxy S3. Granted the price was slightly higher but after this mess, it was worth paying extra to know I was going to get a solid product.

the phone was recieved early and i love it..it works great and it is the real deal...i do believe that it is a referb phone... but its in great condition it was unlocked and i do not regret my purchase.

I just received my phone, and I love it! The package was unopened when i got it, it came with everything it said it would. The camera and apps are just unbelievable! I am going with the AT&T prepaid plan, and I was told that it works, which I am very confident that it will. But I will say that it is very fragile, i would suggest in getting a shock proof case! But I do love the phone, i just have trouble with the weather app:/ its showing the wrong time, but that's not a big deal. The screen is huge and awesome! I would really suggest in getting this awesome phone!

Delivered on time, received what was advertised. Excellent product. Happy with the purchase.The only caveat is that AT&T; puts some restrictions, e.g. no video calls from the dialer.

Item arrived on time and fully functioning. Just make sure to get a mini sim card because a regular sim card will not work.

The phone works without any problems with a few exceptions.The slightest flaw I noticed was the back cover is slightly bent, as if it's been attached and detached by a previous owner multiple times.The greatest flaw is the battery is not from the original manufacturer. It's 3.7 volts (original is 3.8v), doesn't have NFC (near field communication) which enables some key features, i.e. touching two phones (with NFC) together to transfer data, Google wallet, etc. Also, with phone off and charging to full then turning phone on, the battery always reads at 85%. The battery itself doesn't show Samsung. I thought it was odd that this this new galaxy s3 was getting worse battery life than my old galaxy s2, since it reportedly has better battery life and the battery is almost 1/3 larger than the s2. Consequently, I have to buy a new battery.In the next couple of weeks, I will confirm if this phone is truly unlocked.

This will be my third Unlocked Samsung Galaxy SIII. Upon receiving this phone I immediately notice it was packaged in an opened generic style box with sliding cover instead of the sealed lid covered box all original Samsung Galaxy SIII's come in. This was a immediate flag due to my previous phones came in unopened larger and fully detailed packaging. Upon opening the box the phone was not package like the company models; there was a generic sticker on the screen that said &#34;Don't Text & Drive.&#34; Clearly not from the AT&T; company. The phone and other items were also wrapped in resealable plastic covers. Though the phone looks to be authentic, I am left to believe this item is some after market copy, or back door promotion item. Even some of the pieces in side of the phone are different than the original modes, i.e. SD Card and SIM Card slots are designed differently. And the serial sticker looked as it was printed wrong and slightly cut off (Definitely not present on my previous S3's).I have only turned the phone on at this point and all seems to work fine. But at this point I am lead to believe that this item was sold to me as some cheap copy with the authentic price tag. I am going to open the phone and if it does not have the Snap Dragon processing hardware, than this will definitely be a rip off! FOR SHAME!

We just got it. We bought it from wireless services,  inc, and so far everything is ok. Original package, phone, battery and accessories from the I747 phone.  I will update the review later worn phone performance,  but I wanted to let everyone know that you can pick a vendor with the same prime service and price.

Item delivered on time. In new condition, with all the plastic packaging and twist ties. I cut my iPhone 3GS mini SIM to a micro SIM, and Galaxy S3 accepted this with no problems. I also installed Cyanogen Mod 10 on this phone with no problem. Quite a nice upgrade from the iPhone 3GS! I recommend this phone and this seller!For those wondering, this is the 16GB model with White coloring.

I received this phone on time. Everything was perfect. The only thing that was wrong was the charger didn't work but besides that its great. I havent had any problems.

When using headphones in this phone the right ear doesn't work! phones is nice otherwise tho. what can be done to fix this?

I bought this as a birthday gift, and my fiance is in love with it. He had never really had a smart phone before, but he is otherwise very technologically informed---builds his own computers. He has had an ipod that functioned as an iphone, sans the calls. The point of saying the above is that when he got the chance to play around with this phone, he found it much more versatile and customizable than the apple products he has used. The way you can change around your screens and the specific apps were all things he really enjoyed about the phone. It's very fast, and calls are very clear. He highly recommends it.

I really like this phone! Everything works perfectly! The only thing is that on the picture it shows headphones, but I didn't receive them. Otherwise, it's great!

They didnt say that the battery wasnt good and the phone is overheating.the power button is defective

I purchased two(2) Galaxy S111 , one for myself and one for my son.  My phone works, however my son's has never been able to accept the sim card.  I purchased a sim card and plan with AIO, the phone did not accept, we thought it was the SIM card.  He went to AT&T purchased a new SIM card and got on their plan too.  We have spent over $100 on plans and SIM cards  to find out we have DEFECTIVE phone.  PLEASEV HELP

I bought a new unlocked sgh-i747 from Good Guys. I was a little worried about some general Amazon review mentioning some vendors providing refurbs. As described, this is NOT a refurb and came in the OEM packaging. The phone arrived unlocked with a T-Mobile stamp on the back plate. Popped in my AT&T sim and haven't had any issues in the two days I've owned the device. Great deal.

excellentgood product and in perfect condition. a complete phone that does not bring shame complete accessories and manual Headphones

I but the galaxy  III  I don't use yet becose I live in Greece ,and woander if work????  I go back next moth

I am very happy with my purchase. My one and only complaint so far is the sound quality - when it rings the speaker quality is very poor and cheap sounding. Some people complain that I sound like I am in an echo chamber.I feel that I got a very good deal and I like the white color. Phone indeed is unlocked.

I loved the phone! By far the best cellular device I have used thus far! Switched from htc 8x on windows platform and don't regret it!

Thanks amazon, I will give u 100 out of 100. It's little expensive but it's ok because of quality. Thanks again

hi, i bought my galaxy iii in January from the irst day battery not funcianaba and I thought it was just the battery, I bought 2 batteries more and nothing working well, apparently the cell's wrong, it's unfair because recently buy it and since I never received the battery lasted and it was for that cell get damaged me, I wish they could change.VirginiaShipping ConfirmationOrder #102-6296314-8469802

Maria, I don't have the SIII but I was able to download the manual in pdf to my computer for my SII.This manual contains more info about the phone than the one that comes with the phone. Go to theSamsung website to learn how to download it. I had to rate it to submit this and I gave it 5 based on the SIIperformance.

After taking longer than advertised to arrive, I found out that it is not actually unlocked.  It is at AT&T phone, that will not connect with my T-Mobile network.  I am able to put my SIM card in to make calls, but unable to use any smartphone features.  Can't even connect to wifi.

Not to big or small, just right. wish battery would last longer, but not bad.  Has good processor speed and enough ram for multiple applications.

I received the phone a couple months ago and I love it! I had no issues connecting to a Straight Talk plan. Very happy with the product.

I own the same phone but Verizon's version and bought this for my girlfriend thinking it would be the same exact thing, but I was a bit disappointed.  The accessories that come with it are very cheap and I doubt will last very long.  The phone itself has WAY to much bloatware.  Although the bloatware issue is easily resolved by rooting the phone, I just don't think it is ethical to push so much unwanted software on anyone.  Otherwise like I said the phone itself is a great piece of technology.

I bought this phone because of the super sized screen and the ability to use a stylus.  What fun being able to cut out faces or objects and move them around from picture to picture.  The screen could not be easier to read from and the camera is top notch.I am so glad I purchased it.  It is like having a mini computer.

I had my doubts, but I absolutely LOVE this phone!! I got it right on time. Ordered on Saturday n got it on Tuesday. It's sooo much better than I thought I would be! I definitely recommend this to everyone..

excellent very good product shipping and handling well very friendly and attended to all my concerns thank you very much

Since having the Samsung Galaxy S3 my world has come to new heights. I had previously been a die hard BB fan but over the recent years it seems they are not keeping up with the technology desired for my needs.The Samsung GS3 has kick ass apps and the overall functionality is awesome compared to the BlackBerry Z10 I USED TO HAVE!!! Bye Bye BlackBerry Forever!!!

Package arrived before the estimated date of delivery( received package 3 days after placing order) . Perfect condition for a used phone. No scratches, no bumps, FLAWLESS screen, ALL authentic Samsung pieces and battery. I have read some reviews about &#34;bootleg&#34; phones and batteries but oatc2012 was the seller I used and I am very pleased and would recommend this seller to anyone looking to buy electronics!!! The phone works great and I use straight talk, I just popped my SIM card in and BAMMM was up and running immediately!! This was an AT&T unlocked phone. I even got the 4.4 kitkat update that I could get on my other S3. I am very please with my purchase!!!

Recently moved from an iPhone 4s to this beast.  I love it.  It is so smooth.  Battery life is just about as good as the 4s, but not quite there.  The only gripe I have is that it is so shiny that greasy fingers make it really slippery.  I always feel like I am going to drop it-Haven't yet though.  Great piece of machinery!

My daughter wanted to replace her iPhone 4s with a Samsung galaxy s3. The price was great. Couldn't pass this one up.

This has been one of the best smartphones I have ever owned! My mother (we got ours at the same time) is still using hers. I have since moved on to an S5.I have dropped it, carried it without a case, and rooted it in the time I have owned this device. I have been very lucky when dropping it and have only come away with minor chips to the chrome ring around the outside edge of the phone. With all that, it has not once given me an issue concerning any of the hardware pieces. I carry my phone in the same pocket as my keys. I had a case on it when I first purchase but later moved to not using one at all due to the poor design of the case. Since then (6-8 months), the screen has only acquired a few micro scratches that are only noticeable with the screen off and titled at the right angle.As far as the software goes, if you have the know how, root this device! I personally put the latest verson of cyanogenmod on mine and it works fantastically! All of my apps appear to open just as fast as current generation devices and I also have the latest version of Android.The only issue I have had from this phone is the headphone jack. I use mine on a daily basis and had worn mine out. The replacement part is fairly cheap on ebay ($5) and it only takes a screwdriver and ten minutes to swap out the damaged piece.I would highly recommend this device as a starter phone for younger people or even as an upgrade if you are not able to move to a current gen device. You might not have any of the new hardware features (many of which are overrated!) but you will be able to open and run almost any app from the play store with little hesitation.

Product sold was as described. No complaints on this product, works wonderfully as advertised. Would definitely do business with again.

I bought this phone to use for international travel with local SIM cards. But this version of the Galaxy S III is a terrible phone. My wife uses the US Verizon version and it works fine. But the i747 unlocked version is a dud. First and foremost there are no back or menu keys, either on the bezel or on the screen. There is just a single home button in the middle of the bottom bezel like on the iPad. The bottom bezel is metal. But Android isn't designed to just use a Home key as is the iPad. With Jelly Bean many of the Android applications have been updated to not rely on the back and menu keys. But even many of the updated apps haven't extended that functionality into the depths of their settings menus. It's easy to get stuck on a screen with this phone and have to kill the app in Settings, or with a Task Manager app to get back to a main app screen. Some app features are just not available since you can't get to their settings menus because there is no Menu key.The phone itself has some software problems. The screen periodically locks up. It's particularly annoying when trying to take a quick shot with the camera. To unlock the screen you have to turn the screen off and then back on. Occasionally you have to restart the phone.The camera is quite poor. The photos are totally washed out if there is any indirect sunlight on the subject. Midday with the sun overhead is fine. But if there is any sunlight coming in a window or door opening the photo is over exposed and useless. Of course low light photos are out of the question.I was ready to throw this phone against the wall and certainly replace it when I got home from travel. But it was stolen at the end of the trip. So good riddance. I've replaced it with a wonderful LG Optimus G for less than half the cost of the SIII. Samsung really fell down when they released this model of the SIII. It should never have gone out. Don't even consider it.

Hi, im interested on buying this phone and im between the international version and the at&t unlocked. Is it really unlocked to take it to other country (while traveling) and put a sim card from that country and it will work ? ive read in other sellers NOT THIS they say its unlocked but people complain about this, saying they have to pay to unlock it afterwards..

The phone is awsome. I would definitely recommend this product. My boyfriend is gonna love it. I like the idea that the company is a great.

The phone's great i love it and thank you very much. this phone is so awesome and amount of space is great.

But, I had many problems.It's an AT&T; phone so any by them cannot be used but the rest work fine, the price is a bit high and he doesn't have much in stock apparently, I tried to get a black one and he said he was sold out.I'm sure he is just waiting on an order.

The phone is beautiful and so far works great. It was everything my son wanted in a phone. The phone was delivered promptly and excellent condition. I couldn't be happier with this purchase.

This review is basically for i747 purchased in contract from AT&T.; The phone is good. Very fast and smooth.My only regret on buying this phone is the crappy screen glass. The glass is very fragile which cracks very easily. My phone's screen has cracked 2 times. For the first time, the phone fell on my carpet and the screen cracked. I got it repaired from samsung by paying $170.The second time it again cracked just after 1 week of repair. This time cause of no fault of mine. The glass just cracked itself. Seemed a manufacturing defect on the stress ditributon. Samsung is not ready to own their mistake. Their representative even quoted that Samsung manufacturing is so perfect that there can be no manufacturing defect in any of their products. I am confused, why then give warranty on the phones or any of their products for that matter if their products are so defect free??They are demanding $170 again for the repair. Going by this, I will be shelling out $170 every week for the repairs. This is my first and last Samsung product of my life.I have decided to live with the cracked screen.Very bad and arrogant reponse from Samsung service.

it is very nice device: convenient, light, bright...for dummies: everything needed is already there ( and/or can be added easily via Play Store );for customizers : you can do almost everything with your device;for programmers: you can add your personal apps ....For regular users: convenient, light, bright... Screen is bigger than iPhone's one, resolution... can anybody recognize diff with retina? - do not think so. Keyboard much more convenient then iPhone's one. Colors are beautiful, sound is beautiful, even headphones are beautiful...I have no any cons.

The phone is great. The shipping was a little bit of a hassle, though. All in all, I love the phone.

I get new !!!!!! I use it for straight talk!! !  Good service and internet faster then I had on iphone 4!!!! I recomend !!!

Site says Galaxy S3 White which i was looking for and was ready to pay the price available online(Blue was bit cheaper than white when i saw), i got a call after couple of days saying they don't have stock of S3 in white but they can send me a blue one. Since i didn't had option i agreed and next moment  I went online it still said that they have stock available!!!!  I don't know...I didnt call th

the phone is just awesome, it is the best phone in the world you will never find better than this, only the problem was too late shipping and very expensive. Its not one of the affordable price.

Bought my Galaxy S III last month and it's been in service since 18 January.  As another buyer stated, &#34;Beware of which seller you purchase this phone from...&#34;  Purchased mine from JP Mobiles LLC and Amazon Fullfilled the shipment.  The phone and all its accessories were all OEM components.  I've registered the phone on Samsung's web site and received confirmation of the Manufacturers Full Warranty.  My phone arrived new and was unlock as advertised.  Presently, Straight Talk is my Service Provider, and so far the phone has performed flawlessly.

My daughter absolutely loves this unit - except that the battery loses its charge faster than she would like. I understand this shortcoming has been corrected in the S4 model. I'd rate it 5 stars were it not for the battery.

I purchased this SGH-I747 Unlocked phone. I have both an T-Mobile Sim Card, and an AT&T Sim Card and it works with both my AT&T and T-Mobile providers the phone is unlocked, Excellent!  The Phone is 100% New, and I had it checked out at my AT&T Carrier and they said it is an excellent phone; of course they said their new S4 and their S5 are much better but they where just wanting me to trade in my new phone for a two year contract with them.  But I sincerely do Love this phone.  I had an issue with the USB Charging port but the company replaced it the day I called and their customer support is excellent.  I suggest if you are interested in an Unlocked GSM Service Provider to look at this phone as your phone of choice. I also looked over the companies items and they carry over 500 items in stock and if the SGH-I747 is not your choice check out their many other phones.  I can not tell you anything about them since I only bought this I747, but I can assure you the business's Customer Support is excellent and if you have any problems they go above and beyond to make me happy, and I am sure they are great looking over all their reviews compared to purchases they have an outstanding raking.  Thank you all.  Greg from Colorado.

Samsung Galaxy S III / SGH-i747 GSM Unlocked 16GB worksgood. brand new. little problem with the first one but was immediatly replaced by the dealer.

Was not told it was an at&t phone, my sim card would not fit in it. Not compatiblecompatible with t-mobile or Wal-Mart's family service, just at&t.

I REALLY LIKE THIS ITEM LOOKS GREAT  IT HAD A LITTLE BUMP`ON THE CORNER BUT  GENERALLY OK  THX  VERY MUCH

it's the perfect gift you can make and one of the best smartphones actually compares whit the iPhone 5. v

Just awesome! Words cannot describe what this phone can do! It does take a few days to learn everything, but once you do, watch out! The Galaxy will leave you speechless with its intuition and functionality.

I love the phone, and the advertisement was completely legit (the phone was brand new in the box). The only issue with getting an unlocked phone and using a different carrier is that the mobile hotspot wont work; other than that... it is awesome.

It got here fast and no problems so far. Battery is a little weak though.

The Samsung Galaxy S3 is a very good product, l like it and have had no problem with it so far.

I have had a HTC My-touch for years, and I loved that phone.  I recently switched to the Galaxy S3, and this phone is even better!!  Lightweight, cool features makes it so much fun!!!

I bought this from R and R sales and was highly disappointed, it was not unlocked because it didn't work for my Verizon service provider and it was much more damaged than was previously described on the website.  Don't buy this because even after I had returned it the provider took two weeks after it had arrived to refund my money.

Firstly, I'd like to point out that this review is primarily regarding the product received from Tablet Distributors (a featured seller under this listing, posted as New condition). When the item arrived, it was immediately evident that I did not have in front of me the box in the photos. It's technically carrier packaging, but it's a generic box from AT&T;, with no printed information on the outside pertaining to this specific phone. The phone inside was in near-perfect condition, save for two very small blemishes that I can't seem to remove from the screen. It may be worth noting that these imperfections were covered loosely by a misaligned factory screen protector with the usual "don't text and drive" slogan AT&T; is known for. Also, while the charger and battery door (and the phone, itself) seem to be genuine Samsung products, the battery is not. This creates problems when one is trying to get the phone to charge consistently, or to maintain a full charge if you ever do get it to that point. I've since ordered a genuine Samsung dock and spare battery, which comes with a handy one-piece wall charger, instead of the AC adapter/woefully short USB cable combination that comes in the phone's box. This new battery and charger seem to have cured all of my problems with charging, which is definitely a relief for me.The phone itself has proper specifications, as far as I know, to prove it's the exact model that's advertised here. The screen is absolutely beautiful, I must say. HD YouTube videos look flawless, though I may be easy to impress in this respect. I've previously owned a Nokia N900 (lovely phone, broken USB port) and a Motorola Atrix 2. The S3 seems to have so much more potential than these other models.I'm using this phone with Straight Talk and without any trouble. I can't really speak as to whether it's truly unlocked or not, since I've yet to have trouble using AT&T-locked; phones on this service which also uses the very same network and towers. I CAN say that it's probably wise to find out which network your prepaid SIM-based service operates on in order to give you the best chance of having the same signal quality available to you.It's also good to know that these phones are capable of wireless charging, with a few accessories you can purchase here on Amazon. This is something that interests me, as I'm a bit paranoid about microUSB ports nowadays.All in all, this seems to be a great phone with enough tech packed inside to keep it feeling current for some time.

This phone is exactly as described. It came in original unopened packaging. It is AT&T branded with the splash dcreen. I activated it through straight talk and everything works perfect. If you do this be patient with MMS. It took about 12 hours before that started to work. But now it is fine. As soon as the phone was activated it upgraded the OS from Android 4.1 to 4.3. I have had a great experience with this phone and would highly recommend it.

this is a great product . my son absolutely loves this phone .this phone was brand new when we got it

It came exactly as described. I have had this phone for almost 10 months now and it's been great. I would recommend.

For you previous Galacy S3 owners, where did you order your phones? I am looking for a Galaxy S3 and all the comments are negative. I want a phone that won't be breaking down a week after I get, or it is a knock off.

LOTS OF NEW FEATURES I DID NOT HAVE PREVIOUSLY WITH MY LAST PHONE.  AS I AM SOMEWHAT ELECTRONICALLY CHALLENGED, I AM FORTUNATE TO HAVE EXCELLENT I.T. ACCESS HERE AT WORK TO HELP ME DISCOVER ALL THE WONDERFUL FEATURES.

I ordered this phone on may 17 and was supposed to Arrive from the 21-24, it arrived on the 20th new product in safe condition and the best price on this article, I bought it from the seller US Wireless!But the low price is due that this phone does not come in the original box and seems the accessories that came with it are not authentic from Samsung. The USB cable seems and feels cheap although it says to be Samsung, The Battery's tag says to be a replacement battery for the Galaxy S3 I9300 and does NOT have the NFC chip (For S Beam and NFC wireless comunications). HUGE DEAL BREAKER IT DOES NOT COME WITH WARRANTY, but it works well its new no damage at all and it is in fact unlocked. Also no documentation of any kind, no user manual, no papers from At&t.; Paying an extra 50 dollars and buying it from At&t; directly or with Amazon's Wireless shop would be a good idea, that way you'd be getting your product completely sealed on the box.P.D. it comes with Android 4.1.1 not ICS**UPDATE**Day 2, since day two i noticed the wall adapter and USB cable didn't work properly. As soon as i connect the wall adapter to the electricity the phone starts ringing and notifying me that it needs to be charged. I had to use my old LG phone's USB cable and adapter. Although software and hardware work properly the Accessories and box are a total deal breaker. seriously i can only recommend this product if you do not care  about these inconveniences. And if you prefer the authentic accessories and to take it right out the Samsung Box buy it from Amazon Wireless or other sellers who actually mention the imperfections.** Final Upadate**Dont buy this Article buy it from Amazon or  trusted sellers

Being a novice of cellular carriers...I accidentally ordered a phone out of my network. ..these guys shipped a great product fast and upon realizing my mistake they walked me through a little 101 and reimbursed me for the product upon its return..class acts in my book ..will use in future and recommend to others!!

I had to return the unit I got because the display has a very low brightness. I tri the obvioes settings and no any cell dealer I wen to could help me.

I am satisfied with the product. I thought this item was unopened. But it was opened when I receive it. But there were no problems with the phone, so I was ok.

Great buy, Haven't had any problems with my new galaxy yet. Still getting use to it for now but great product.

I TRIED to purchase a Samsung Galaxy S3 & ordered it on Feb.!5,2014 ..To this day I have yet to see my phone or money returned to me. This matter has left a permanent bad taste in my mouth, from Amazon & Tablet Distributors.

I had a galaxy  2 I loved  it.. So I thought  for  sure  I love this one.. I dont think so..

i like

When I bought the phone, it said the phone is unlocked, however when i got the phone, it was locked.

It was exactly what I was expecting & more I love this phone and recommended it to everyone it came the next day after ordering it

The phone arrived sooner than expected. It is in a great condition, unlocked, no scratches, works perfectly. It has a great screen that is bigger than most other phones, which makes the phone a little too big to put into a jeans pocket. But I love the fact that I can read my texts and emails easily.

I will never order any phone from this company again. I had loved it, at first. Replaced the charger within a week. After a month, had problems with the phone itself. It refuses to charge, period.

Works perfectly !!!  great...  i love it... As soon as I got it I put the sim card and was ready to make calls... I am impressed how well and easy it was... the phone is fantastic

I love it so much. I used this everyday and it so thin and big. But I have problem fitting it into my pocket.

The phone was packaged nicely when I got it and works like it should, except when I plug in my headphones. I have to spin the plug sometimes in order to get sound at the same time from each ear plug. Thats why I give 4 stars instead of 5.

i love this phone it arrived quickly and was a refurbished phone and looked as good as new wasnt sure what to expect but i was very please when it arrived

I read all the information listed.  Checked the sellers approval rating.  Item arrived on time.  Is working  properly. Charger was not included.  Luckily I had one already.

I love my galaxy its a cool great phone you can do so much with this galaxy and it take amazing pictures!!

Very nice phone, everything was what I expected. For that price you get a whole lot of perks. Can't go wrong esp if you don't want to be stuck in a contract right now. Would have been 5 stars if the battery lasted longer. I have to charge it a little more often than I'd like but that's a minor issue.I believe this phone was really unlocked but I never got to find out. I took my phone to a carrier to organize my sim card and just out of the blue I ask ...."how do you know if your phone is unlocked?" (Dumb Move) The employee began to fool around with the phone (pretending he was handling sim card issues) and finally said "It's not unlocked, this is our network"....then he showed me some weird code in the phone. I believe he purposely locked it back but I'm not 100% sure. I still have to test it with another sim. Anyway(if you're not a tech savvy person)... test your phone 1st before taking it to service.

Phone arrived on time and worked perfectly. Recently upgraded to the s5. I liked my s3 more.

It's ok. Still getting used to it. There was no booklet on how to use its features. I'm just trying it out trial and error pressing this and that hoping it works the way it should and checking out the net and Utube. Its supposed to be unlocked but the phone still has a lot of features that are for At&t and am kinda lost. Hard to retrieve messages from voice-mail because phone keeps closing out even before I can put my code to get voice-mail.. kinda irritating. I have not been able to check out the other phone features cause there is no manual.. sad.

was basically ok, reached on time, reached with an old OS and needed to be upgraded, also the charger and earphone was not Samsung original,(like in new Samsung buy from the store)

The phone functions OK but the word 'enhanced' is burned into the screen along with a black line down the left side.  Both are really noticeable if looking at anything with a white background.  I don't know how these would be burned in on a new phone.

The cellphone is like new. The touching of the screen is wonderful and the responding is satisfying. Especially, the camera is so excellent.

It's a great fone. Works with any career when it is unlocked. Nice feeling on hand.  Iwill definitely recommend this product

I love this phone! Recommend this phone to anyone who wants a great phone! I love the galaxy III couldn't be better

folks shopping on amazon is the way to buy any and every thing , this phone is awesome ,the price I paid for it on amazon is great , elsewhere it sells for over $400.00, I paid $317.00 on amazon. The only thing is the instruction guide included in the box was Spanish, my daughter has the galaxy 4 so the instructions are the same no problem

Great phone, so far it's working as expected.4G LTE is a very nice feature that makes this phone very good

Phone came as advertised, received it on the day that they said it would be delivered. I was a little nervous about this transaction, having read some of the user reviews about receiving phones that were not new etc. I did do a search of the IMEI number once I received the phone and it was clean, much to my relief. I was concerned about the warranty, as both the seller and Samsung really didn't want to provide a 'warranty' as such. The seller guaranteed that I could return the phone within 30 days but then I would have to deal with Samsung. Samsung said because it was an 'unlocked' phone, the warranty wouldn't be upheld, although I heard a different story from another one of their customer service reps, i.e. that it would be covered. Hopefully nothing goes wrong with the phone. I do have to say when I mentioned this to Amazon, they stepped up to the plate and said I could return the phone to them for up to a period of 6 months, which I do appreciate - good customer service. Using the phone on Straight Talk...that is another story.

I absolutely love this phone!! It takes such great pictures and it works great with Straight Talk. No problems at all!!

I fear that the product was delivered to me is not an original samsung phone. I am certain that this is a Chinese clone. I have not used. It was a gift for my boyfriend and it was just yesterday that we opened the box and we could notice is not an original from the company.

This company advertise the phone as new, but upon opening the contents it was evident that it a used product. The adapter was black; clearly not a samsung product, very generic. I was very unhappy when I realized it was not new. I paid for a new phone.

Phone died after only 15 hours of standby mode (not used at all). It's unacceptable. I tried another battery on it, and this problem was still the same. So, the phone itself must be the reason for this issue

Perfecto

This is really unlocked. I used my T-Mobile sim and it works but the internet and operating system seems really slow. It moves like a slug!

Awesome

Like the phone but had some problem with the charger was not the original one didn't appear to be new however works great

Everything looked as if I was the first owner (maybe I was)No condition problems, no dents in the packaging, everything in what seemed to be factory sealing.Phone and accessories work perfectly.

I usually hate writing reviews, still do.  However I think it was necessary to share about this phone.  I was really excited to get my new samsung galaxy, but upon opening the box, I realise something was off.  First off the phone did not come in its original packaging and the accessories were somewhat questionable.  Upon using the phone I also realise the battery life is really bad.

Got this baby in the mail about two weeks ago and immediately began setting it up.  There's not much inside the box, just the charger usb cord, small touchpen, micro sd chip/adapter combo and battery.  (In the original order it had a docking charger and hip carrying pouch)  Also should note that there was a generic replacement battery instead of the SAMSUNG one.Battery in, Excitement on - Or so I thought, I quickly learned that I have to keep the charger nearby.  Either from this being a faulty battery or just the low quality of the generic replacement.  It never seems to fully charge to 100, and if it does it drops back down to 90-94 within a matter of 10 mins of use.  Even with all the apps cut completely off, no data or voice being used it cut off from 20% down to 0 during the period of 1 hour.  Really disappointing.  I would recommend purchasing an extended battery (but you do have to get the extended case as well which makes the phone bulky)As for the actual usage.  I'm  switching over from the iphone so I'm enjoying the new swipe type texting/keyboard.  Unfortunately with these I find that I'm fat fingering it more the iphone.  The feel of the keyboard touch is so smooth that you don't really sense the actual keys (I guess it's something I'll have to get used to).  Also the autocorrect, doesn't seem to be correcting as it should.I've also noticed some lag (during screen transitions, swyping while using whatsapp, and the back out process when you're in a app)Music/Media - Changing/adding music was a breeze, adding pics to the external sd card was simple and it picked up everything and loaded it to the media gallery already in folders (if you have personal pics you DEFINITELY want to reorganize it - also download safe gallery free to password protect some folders/pics)VPN/Tethering/Hotspot - now by default this DID NOT WORK.  I was highly upset at first and did a bunch of reading to see how to enable (yes I know the basic steps but it kept saying &#34;not a valid sim&#34;)  So I finally downloaded hotspot toggle widget and it activated it for me.  I'm guessing it was either a software malfunction or security issue which was stopping me from turning it on/off through the regular interface.Pictures - look amazing and so does video... Absolutely no complaints thereCellular network - I went with T-mobile since they have the best package here and 4G... Well let's just say T-mobile sucks in a lot of areas but it's great to be able to leverage that hotspot when you're in a 4G area.  Also, I had no trouble switching over (since it's a ATT unlocked device).  The SIM was popped in, and it registered on their network in about 2 hours.Screen - I constantly worry when I'm going to crack it when it's in my pocket, but it seems pretty sturdy.  I've dropped it a few times (it's slippery due to its nice finish).  Background light is great indoors but once you get outside, it's all over.  This is a downside of most phones but not all!Volume/Ringer - Felt the need to add that it's really not that loud, nor does it vibrate that hard (even after maximizing all settings)  Will probably create and amplify my own ringtones for a decent noticeable ringer.I would have liked to see a hdmi output on this one and possibly a slot for the touchpen, louder volume, outdoor contrast and less bloatware (that'll drain the crap out of your battery as well - I disabled 7 apps that came with the phone and haven't needed or noticed them since)

Brought phone to lower my phone bill and works perfectly.  I was able to go to Straight Talk service and get unlimited use of text and data about half the price.  Compared the phone to Iphone and has the same capabilities and similar apps.  Great product for a change.

This phone is great I feel very dumb with it because I know I only know about 10th what of this phone capiablity.but so far I am very glade I bought!!

the phone is definitely worth the money and it has been enjoyable so far and i have no complaints at all

Bad,bad,bad !!!  NOT new... came with a scratched screen saver, no warranty, no information whatsoever save a 3X5 eight page home printed instruction booklet.  &#34;Home&#34; on the phone is ATT so being a t-mobil customer I was without performance information. Fortunately Amazon agreed to return my payment but I say STAY AWAY if you don't want to pay premium prices for a used phone.

Great phone, I bought it from Wireless Experts, Inc., the box came without headphones and beaten up. But it doesn't matter, since the phone work great!

battery was last only 2 hr. emei sticker on the back was printed with normal paper. original sticker (which will change to red from white when there is a water damage was removed.)normally it due to water damage phone. headphone was not the original white color. they give u black cheap samsung headset. Be aware. Don't buy. the software also does not working properly . i returned it and buy the brand new international unlocked version on amazon which $60 more. but u know what. u get quad core instead of dual core. plus u get a brand new phone. Cheater Seller!!!

When u talk about honesty,,,that can say a lot about a company well reliance is this place ...the product was perfect ....but costumer service was more then expected ...not only they stand behind their product ,but they stand behind their word,,,,,will I bye again with out a dough ,,,,,thank u Reliance,,,,u r an example..of honesty...

I wrote of this previously.  I like the phone BUT I DID NOT GET AGAIN, WHAT I SAW AND PAID FOR.  I was to receive a duct for charging the phone and as well a phone charger for this phone to be used in my car.  I know I saw that when I was purchasing the phone, subsequently I wrote about this, I was communicated to by the suppliers and they NEVER sent the doc nor charger for me.

no more i,i,i i (like in i-phone) they are too propriertary,and they suc .once you try an android you will never go back.

the cellphone only worked the first day and i doesn t work anymore, the charger is not working and the screen doesn t turn on

I love the galaxy products I have the s2 so I knew the s3 would be awesome.  So far I haven't had any issues, I had one problem when I first activated the phone, its an ATT unlocked and I have tmobile, I just went to the store and got a new sim card, and I was able to make phone calls, but unable to text or use the mobile internet, I called tmoblie and they are pretty good with helping, they even emailed me the instructions if I ever had the issue again.  Every now and then it goes off the network but it fixes itself. The phone did not come with charger or anything else, just the phone.  That was weird.  Other than that I don't have any issues.

Got what was told I was getting with no hassles. No problems what so ever. Happy will be a repeat customer when needed.

Very good

This thing came in full packaging, even the adhesive film over the crystal from the factory, has all accessories, EVERYTHING, like it was a brand new phone!  There is absolutely nothing about it that would make me think it wasn't a brand new phone!  I am very impressed and will be putting this vendor on my short list for the future!  These guys rock!

I purchased and the order reflects that the phone I bought was unlocked.  Yet when the carrier tried to activate it, it said it was locked!!!!  The hour wait in line at the carrier/being w/o my phone make this a really bad result.  And now my only recourse is to return the phone thru ups and get a refund.  Still phoneless.  This is a bad way to buy a phone - you need to buy it where you can try it out - at a carrier.

Phone was great working order. Came ready to go. I love this phone. Its so slim and works great. Love it.

Fine screen quality.Prompt power on/off speed.I don't like the background pictures defaultly provided.No 32Gb for this color.Fast shipping.

First one was defective, but Amazon protected me from the Third Party Seller who wasn't that great. Battery life is not so good if you need to use your phone a lot, and are traveling through bad airports with little or no power taps. I bought a PowerGen PGMPP9000 External Battery for this purpose and it's been a great product so far. This is my 4th Samsung Cell Phone, and my 10th Samsung product. As long as they keep making good products, I will continue to buy their stuff.

battery is not stand by more than 9 hours even i clear memory in ram and sometimes i switch off Wi-fi but no use .i got bad experience . Hereafter i never turn in this site.

This is a good phone but had to send the first one back due to charging problems.  Luckily I had ordered from a seller which was &#34;fulfilled and shipped by Amazon&#34;  which made the return free and very easy.  I highly recommend you do the same.  There are known charging problems with the GS3 so you never know if you might get a bad one.  Both phones were sold by Wireless Works and fulfilled and shipped by Amazon.  The first GS3 was made in Korea and had the charging problems.  The second one was made in China and worked fine.  Also, depending on where your phone was made and the seller you buy from the packaging and accessories will vary.  It would also be good if Amazon offered something like the Square Trade warranty which Ebay offers.

I like the phone but I have a spot on the screen that needs replacing. I'm still able to see everything just the spot bothers me

The phone works great. I have no problems with the refurbished phone.  As soon as it was programed to my carrier it worked perfectly. Shipping was little slow but other wise this transaction went smooth.

I had problems with the phone soon as I received it. First it was the battery,  I found out that it takes at least 24 hours for the phone to get a full charge which I never had to do that with a phone and i didn't have that problem with the new phone i bought from Wal-Mart after sending this one back. Then the screen didn't want to come back on while on calls so I couldn't hang up the phone and the home button just started to stop working one day so i decided that I had enough. I sent it back to Amazon and went to Wal-Mart and bought a new and it was cheaper. I am very pleased with my decision.

the shipping was faster that i tought very well wraped to ensure nothing happen to it they surely do know what they doing, te phone looks like brand new not even a single scratch so it was as they descrive it, i been use it for two days now and is been working flawless i love it, thank you very much i'm really pleased.

I am finding it easy to use  am still learning.  Its friendly phone I  would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking to buy

Was everything I expected.  Great phone and has lots of great features to it.  I would recommend it to my friends

The phone is great and unlocked, it includes all the stuff but the battery is a generic one. Go buy it with a genuine oem battery.

My son needed a new phone, he had a flip phone that died, we switched to att 160. plan. this phone came unlocked from amazon. It said new in box. It was suppose to come with headphones but those were missing. But the phone was new and at a great price. I buy a lot from amazon. It is a fantastic phone. I would buy one for myself anyday from amazon.  And I highly recommend it. 5 stars for sure.

This is one excellant Warranty for the money.  They response in a very professional manner, that puts you at ease and puts a replacement in your hand quickly.  They didn't have a replace phone for me, but they paid me full purchase retail price in a matter of hours.  They didn't take us through long worthless processes of trying to fix the old one or any of the things most insurance companies do to get out of do; what we expect.  Great company that I will buy warranties from in the future for all my electronic's equipment.  Going to buy this warranty for my IPHONE 5 over apple warranty that covers less for two years, that Square covers for three and more situations.

I love watching movies on the phone and using it as a Ereader, battery does last a while, but when streaming tunein, it drains quickly. I rooted the phone and took off the bloatware so the battery last a bit longer.

SI  MUY BUEN SERVICIO EN MUY BUENAS CONDICIONES Y MUY RAPIDO LLEGO Y PARECE NUEVO EL PHONE GRACIAS  PO REL SERVICIO

Phone reached in crack at the back side.Battery was not from samsung (it was a generic battery).No earphone included in the box.Pathetic customer service - no respond to email they just set auto response.*it was just a nice looking phone body from front side with cracked back case --I will never order again&#34;

I switched to this from my iPhone 4.  I absolutely love it!  I use straight talk And I put my sim straight from my iphone. Into this one and it worked right away!  I am a very happy customer.!

I had brought it for my friend.  As far I do understand he's surprise what this Smartphone can do. The world is in his hand. A very value gift.

The ATT S3 works fantastic on Straight Talk network in Upstate New York, just put in micro SD sim card and good to go! Even get 4G which is much better than the ATT S2 I was using previously.
