
I didn't buy this here on Amazon but wanted to comment.The #1 biggest attraction for me with this phone is the user replaceable battery. When the battery begins to fade and won't hold a charge as long as it once did I'll be able to purchase a new battery for a few dollars and pop it in. I suppose I could carry a spare battery but my concern is more for the end-of-life situation. I wouldn't appreciate sending my phone away for a few days and paying $75 to $125 to have a new battery installed.I've been using another phone with a 4" screen which was fine. The larger screen of the S3 is fine but the extra bulk makes it just a bit large for my hands. This isn't a big enough problem to reject the phone though. It as a lot going for it in many areas. Surprisingly even with the larger screen this isn't a heavy phone and feels quite comfortable in my shirt pocket.The screen is bright and clear. It's easy to read even in bright sunlight.Voice quality is great. Much better than most of the phones I've had over the past 13 or so years.I really like Android 4.3. Buying this phone was a switch away from Apple and iOS. I was frustrated by the lack of user customization on iOS and when Apple came out with iOS 7 I was quite displeased with the new display style. So it was time to switch. I very much like the ability to customize this phone. There were things I did like about iOS and I've been able to duplicate them on the S3. But I find the notification features to be far superior to iOS 7, and I have much more control over the phone.The camera is decent but as my main camera is a DSLR I do notice the weaknesses of all smartphone cameras. The camera is certainly good enough to replace my point-and-shoot camera though, and certainly good enough for general snapshots and Facebook uploads.Pros:- User replaceable battery. As long as there are phones with user replaceable batteries I won't buy a phone without this feature.- Light weight- Great screen- Nice large bright display- Good camera for stills- Great camera for video- Bright LED flash for the camera and flashlight use- Good speaker sound and volume- No lack of features including NFC, Bluetooth, WiFi 2.4 and 5GHZ, GPS, and more.- microSD card slot + 16GB of internal storage. I have 48GB of storage.- Standard microUSB cable for charging and data transfer- Huge library of apps available from the store, most that I have downloaded are free- Verizon, while being expensive, has the best coverage.Cons- I wish the earphone jack was on the bottom. With a USB cord plugged into the bottom and the earphones on the top it is a bit unwieldy.- I wish the power button wasn't directly across from the volume rocker. I've turned the phone off or on many times when all I wanted to do was adjust the volume.- I wish the speaker was on the front- Charge time is at least twice as long as my older Apple product- Battery life is about 1/2 that of my older Apple product, but it gets me through the day.- I would like to fit more icons on the home screen, this is one area where iOS is better.- Slippery smooth back demands a case so I can have a secure grip on the phone. This makes it thicker and heavier. (same problem with Apple products. I found the little LG Optimus F3 to have a good grip capability without a case being required)- At night when I go to bed I like to watch the video news podcast. With my wife already asleep I want to turn the brightness down as far as possible but the iPod Touch will go much dimmer than this S3 so I take the iPod rather than the S3 to bed. Were it not for that I'd stop using the iPod altogether.I highly recommend the Samsung Galaxy S3.

At first place, I thought its screen size looks good so continued to use it.But now it is given up and sold by trade-in.The character is not clear as iPhone4S even though it has larger screen.Every motion pictures driven by most of installed game apps go slow and unnatural when to see that is very different from what I got from iPhone4S.Quad Core, Big screen is outcome of SCAM of concerted advertisement by Samsung and the world largest advertising company Google.And it is very difficult to use when comparing with iPhone4S in that I can restore my previous work into macbook and all bookmarks is not clearly recovered to use in the web browser of laptop with my google account and much more.Camera is also shoddy compared with iPhone4S.iPhone5?  It is way much more better than iPhone4S.

Renewed my contract with Verizon and only paid $20 for it!  Verizon had it on sale for $50, so I opted to get it through Amazon, and received it in two days!  It's amazingly fast and so many features.  I love it!  I've read bad reports on the battery life, and it's really not a factor.  I read emails throughout the day, calls, texts, occasional game, just everyday use.  And the battery life last past a day.  I upgraded from a Motorola Droid 2, and even though that was a good phone, this one really shows how slow that phone was.

The phone took a bit of getting used to.  I had an iPhone before so getting used to the Android apps was the biggest thing.  I am still figuring things out about the phone but overall I really do like it.  It's a lot lighter than the iPhone and the screen is fantastic!

My first smartphone, so I may be naive, but everything has been very easy to use and to access. Easy to add apps or contacts. Ability to Google by voice is fantastic. I didn't see a need for the additional perks in the IV, at additional cost. A heavier user might want to move up to the IV, but for my level (primarily calls, calendar, email, searching internet on a basic level) this is perfect.

I am not one for conspiracy theory .but I love how all the negative reviews boldly state how they are going back to their believed iPhone......hmmm. Fanboys or apple employees maybe. Would make sense since according to news reports now iPhone 5 has half the demand the fourth did.State of the art amoled screen. Check4.8inch hd display...yupExpandable storage via sd card ...uh huh.Motion commands....awesomeScreen shot option. Wicked.Fully customizable....for sure.Open android market  with lots of free apps that are not garbage. Check check and checkBut apple does have that nifty iTunes....Oh wait......on android you can get all the stuff they sell for less .......almost nothing. ;)Maybe next year they will let people have a four and a half inch screen!!!  Dare to dream

This is IMO the best android phone to date. It has a few minor bugs that could easily be ironed out with a update from the manufacturer. I will suggest one thing to do to make this phone run to its fullest potential, get rid of touchwiz by using either the Apex Launcher, or NovaLauncher. Those two launchers are specifically made for the current version of android (ICS). Do not use GO Launcher. Now for the list of things that make this phone the best android phone to date.The S4 processor with two gigs of ram.The Large 4.8 inch screen, which more than holds it own against all comers.The Camera is the best camera you can get on a phone right now bar none.The Battery life is the best on a smartphone outside of the Maxx, one suggestion would be to limit your background processes by going into developer options and change how many background processes your phone will allow.The Gesture controls are a very nice touch.The form factor is very sleek and sexy.Now for a list of things I don't like quite as much.The power button seems a bit flimsy to me, makes me wonder how it will hold up for two years.The signal is not quite as good as it should be for a phone made in 2012, but it is still very solid nonetheless. I get better signal than I did on my Nexus.Touchwiz is a bit clunky; but as I mentioned above that can be easily remedied by using Apex or Nova.Overall, I would recommend this phone to ANYONE. I have had a lot of Android phones over the last few years, and this is far and away the best I've ever had.

So the phone is NOT the best on Verizon.  The DNA coming out soon is better, there's a new Nexus device (but it isnt 4g), and the Note 2 is out.  Plus the RAZR MAXX HD is pretty cool.But as far as a phone goes there's nothing wrong with buying this at all. It's fast, the screen is gorgeous, and everything is responsive.What did Verizon leave out?  Well it's going to take forever for it to get 4.1/4.2 but that's every single Verizon Droid anyway...it also doesn't have a few things that other carriers get...but again..that's Verizon...reviewing all of those things separately is pointless since you'd have to give those negatives for a lot of Verizon phones....What Verizon DOES do is offer insane 4G speeds and great reception.As far as this device goes you can find it this week for $50 at most places which makes it an instant win over the competition, plus it's got removable storage, something the DNA and Nexus don't have...and a removable giant battery (something the MAXX HD doesn't have).The Note 2 is more powerful and a little cooler, but it might be too big for people.My vote: DNA=1st, Note 2=2nd, GS3=3rd, MAXX HD=4th....overall though, im an android nerd and this thing rocks.As for the Apple people....if it was $200 for both I'd ask what equipment you have in your home...if you say all Apple products then go with the iPhone...but this device is bigger, has an actual HD screen, and you can really make it your own with customizing. Really, for what you get for the price, Android offers more options.  Especially this week when places like Sam's Club are having these for 69 cents and Apple refuses to discount anything.  For a family of 4 would you rather buy everyone $800 in total iphone 5's or $4 in this amazing phone?Even Best Buy wants $200 for 4 phones...$200 vs $800 and the GS3 does more stuff. (including itunes)...use the money you save on all the sweet lightning deals here.The GS3 on any carrier gets 5/5 and on Verizon with the speed and reception it stays that way (although other carriers offer more features)

Hardware:-lightweight and thin-big beautiful screen-very fast-great camerasSoftware-lots of cool features-very fluidI recommend it!

I love this phone.  I like the android system and haven't used an iphone to compare it to.  It is fairly easy to maneuver. But I have used things such as this before.  With a little explanation I think it would be easy enough for newbies also.  Battery life isn't great but that is to expected since it is a smart phone and used a lot during the day.  It will need to be charged every night if used a lot and sometimes before night falls.  I would recommend

for first time smart phone user this is easy to useand enough screen size for manipulate apps and internet.

I have had the phone for about two weeks now and am really enjoying it.  If I could design one from scratch, this might not be it, but from what I have seen out there currently as of the first week of February of 2013, this is one terrific option.The main downside, for me, is its large size.  I came from a Droid X and that, to me, was a perfect-sized phone.  It had enough of a screen size to read text and see internet browsing well, but it also fit comfortably in my hand.  I find that the Galaxy S III is a bit too large for me to comfortably use one-handed, but I'm getting used to using it.That being said, I had had a few concerns to begin with about the phone.  While the phone had come out like gangbusters with great reviews when it was first released the middle of last year, users have had some issues with it, along with less than responsive Samsung customer service, giving me pause.Two of the issues were the GPS not locking in well, and phone call quality.  Both of those would be deal killers for me.  I'm not needing this for gaming.But the phone's upsides intrigued me as well as a great price through Staples of $99.  I can tell you that the GPS has locked in VERY quickly, more quickly than my Droid.  Secondly, call quality has been adequate.  Interestingly, the phone's built-in signal gauge has put the signal at 106, which is terrible.  Yet, I was getting very decent quality calls (clear, but a bit tinny sounding).  I downloaded a separate meter app and it detected my 3G/4G and interior WiFi reception were both at close to 80, which is fine.Meanwhile, the screen is sharp and colors are MUCH more accurate than the one on the Motorola Razr Maxx HD.  Yeah, perhaps the screen isn't as bright, but it actually works better in dark situations better, and watching video renders a much better, more film-like visual than the much brighter phones.  The speed of the processor seems to also help with watching streamed videos, which come out smoother than with the Droid X.  I also find that if I turn off the auto-brightness, I can get a much brighter screen.Touch response is incredibly quick.  I can definitely sense an improvement from my Droid X.  The built-in speaker is much louder than the Droid X, though somewhat tinny.  Still, I can hear my Stephanie Miller Show podcast straight out of the speaker better.Yes, the camera is also better and the shutter response is very quick.  Still, my standalone point and shoot, a Fuji E550 takes better pictures, but I didn't buy the phone for that.  On the other hand, the photos I have taken are FAR superior to the ones I got from my Droid X.  I'm really surprised as to how good they are.  Still, for depth of color and subtlety, my point and shoot is better, not to mention that it takes RAW files, which are completely uncompressed.A BIG upside is the removable battery, not only for long days I might be away from an A/C port or charger, but that I can force a hard reboot when I need it.  Do all phones with non-replaceable batteries have a hard reboot option, and do they always work?Two niggling things -- The placement of the on/off button and volume up/down buttons are about on opposite sides about 2/3rds way up the sides of the phone.  It makes holding the phone precarious in terms of touching one or both buttons inadvertently.  You may have turned off the volume of the phone unknowingly so that you may not hear a phone call coming in.The other thing is the built-in Samsung Swype-like keyboard.  I like tracing the text.  Swype worked very well, though not perfectly on my Droid X.  As others have noted, the Samsung version has an awful way with predictive text.  You could trace "Samsung" and up will come "monkey", leaving both you and the monkey scratching your heads.  The actual Swype software is also built into the phone.  Great, right?  Well, it, too, has some bugs in this version.  If it predicts a word that is inaccurate (It is generally more accurate than the Samsung version), you would think backspacing would bring you back to the word to its left.  Unfortunately, it deletes the word, but then tabs to the next line and/or also deletes to the right.  Even weirder, if I backspace twice, it will paste the whole sentence to the right of it into the space, resulting in repeated text.  Very odd.In any event, I'm still discovering nice things that have been improved in the Android OS (currently Jelly Bean) from the Android 2.x which was running the Droid X. There's a much better cut/copy/paste ability by simply holding down your finger over text.  Holding down the menu button renders much more information about what is open on the phone.Unfortunately, almost all of the US phones are going bigger, not smaller. The smaller smartphones didn't have as much capability such as processor size or RAM.  The Galaxy S III is more future-proof, at this point, than competitive phones.Samsung is rumored to come out with the Galaxy S IV in April.  There is also a Mini Galaxy S III, but it's not available in the US.  I might have gone for that with the smaller size, but I think I made a great choice.  Samsung and Verizon seem to have ironed out most of the reported bugs with this current phone.

I have had this phone since November and have twice now had to switch back to my Samsung Galaxy Fascinate.  First off the phone has ultra poor battery life.  I am not a heavy user of this device.  I use it mainly for a phone and occasional internet use.  No watching movies or downloading music.  If I charge the phone over night and don't use it at all I will be at 78% by 11am.  I have been in to Verizon multiple times and all they want to do is have me buy an $80 emergency charger.  Sorry Verizon, I just paid $200 plus insurance and extended my contract for another two years with you giving you over $3600 of my hard earned money and you want to charge me $80 for a charger.  No Thanks!  AND....  This phone doesn't even let me make calls.  It continually drops calls before the other party answers.  No rhyme or reason to this.  It happens at home and away from home and I do not live out in the boonies either.  Words can not express my disappointment in this phone.  I had my first one replaced in less than a week because it wasn't updating and locking up 3-4 times a day and I had to remove the battery to get it to restart.  After hours on the tech support line with Verizon they told me just to go back to the store and get a replacement.  Thankfully my replacement doesn't lock up but the battery life and inability to make outgoing calls make this phone completely useless.  I called Samsung and after going thru a battery of questions they are having me send it back for testing.  Still waiting on them to email me the shipping label.  Lucky for me I didn't get rid of my very reliable Fascinate.

Love it!  Comes with great instructional video loaded that explains how to use everything including how to turn off background running programs to save battery life. Simple setup, easy learning curve, Looks amazing, nice sim card feature although I have not used it out of the US yet - we'll see about that. Amazing features, not sure I'll use them all but nice that they are there. My battery held for a day and a half - after I finished messing with it every minute of the day.Enjoy it, I am.

3 months after we got the phone it stopped charging.  We waited for more than 2 weeks while it was "repaired" in Texas.  When the phone was returned it still wouldn't charge.  After a couple more calls a new charger and battery was sent to us.  With the new battery it started charging, but would drop phone calls a few minutes into a phone call.  Once again we had to send it to Texas for repair.  We received the phone this morning and it is missing the SIM card and the back cover.  I've had to call half a dozen times to get things fixed and each time I get transferred to 2 or 3 different departments and it takes 30-60 minutes or more.  It's been over a month and I still don't have a working phone--and all this time I've been paying for service.  I like the phone when it works, but the Samsung support model is such a disaster that I will never purchase a Samsung product again.  When my iPhone failed I took it to the Apple store and they replaced it in less than half an hour.

My wife and sister-in-law use this phone and at the time it was a bit cheaper than the newer S4 model. If you do not have to have the latest and greatest smartphone, this phone will work well for you.

constantly using this phone, the lag gets noticeable. enough where you have to wait a few seconds before the next app can do what it needs to. im constantly opening task manager and shutting down apps so i can use other apps.  i have no clue why. maybe my phone is faulty?  it's driving me to frustration.

I was a little reluctant about upgrading outside of my phone company, but I had to take a chance. My company was charging double for the phone I wanted and I refused to pay that amount. I was surprised at how easy it was to upgrade both lines. Yes you have to do it separately, but if the lines are eligible there isn't an issue. The phones showed up within 2 days as promised and one phone call got them set up and ready for use. Very satisfied and happy.

Im really not one to write reviews. I got this phone from amazon over two weeks ago.Arrival:It arrived within just 2 days.Aesthetic: It looks really amazing the stupid picture on amazon doesn't do it justice at all.Performance: omg wow. I can't believe we've made it this far in engineering (even with all the obstacles retarding our way like patents and copy 'rights'). This phone performs basically as fast as my computer and even has a task manager lol. Multitasking is superb as well; you can call and search the web or listen to your navigation while ur on the phone...ridiculous!Voice Interface: I'd estimate like a 96-98% accuracy of the Google voice search (which is EXTREMELY high and crushes "siri" any day). The S-Voice function is also really good but it's slow so I use the google one.Web: Searching the web is faster than my cable company and its super fast as mentioned. No need to write anything else.Entertainment: Freaking awesome for music, movies, seriously anything. You can arrange your songs/movies according to folders or anything else you like..Picture/camera: awesome organization, can be according to faces, dates, anything really...Superb quality..really the best and easiest camera to work with by far. The fact that u can so easily switch between recording and picture taking is so awesome.Security: you can set it at whatever level of security you want: pins, face recognition, voice recognition, etc...Apps: it has any app you can possible want like recording phone calls, changing your voice, recording class lecture, games, academics...etc. and installations are faster than any other phone i promise (including iphone for sure)Other notes: (I had the Galaxy Sii and i hated it. This phone with small tweaks which make a huge difference has really become a new phone)I really love this phone..i hope you find my review useful cause i spent time to write it for you people that are deciding ...best of success to you in choosing.

I have owned a Droid 2 and Razr Maxx.  I have had this phone for two weeks now and I am constantly impressed with how smooth this phone is.  It never lags or makes me wait for anything.Call quality- I am shocked that some have complained about the call quality because I have experienced very good call quality.  This is a priority for me and I was concerned about some of the reviews saying otherwise.  I live in a small rural town and it has been excellent so far.  People I have talked to also commented on how good it was.Screen-I love it, people who can't see this screen in sunlight must be a little blind.  I have had zero trouble seeing it in direct sunlight and when moving the screen so it is taking the full rays of light, I still can see the screen.  Like I said, there must be some people struggling with their eye sight and not the screen.This is just an excellent phone from what I have seen to this point.  It has handled the internet, videos etc. without a glitch.  I will update if something changes.  I would purchase again without hesitation.

If you have little hands it might be a little too big. It constantly slips out of my hands because it's too thin....make sure to get a case to make it a little bulkier and easier to hold. There are some cool features, but I don't love this phone. It's okay....

I LOVE LOVE LOVE this phone when it is working properly. Unfortunately, it's just not reliable for voice calls or text messaging, especially during peak times of the day. When I attempt to make a voice call or text message, a good percentage of the time all 5 of my bars of service drop off, my 4gLTE symbol goes away and I get a "No Sim" message at the top of the screen. After several attempts you can eventually get your call or text to go out, but it sometimes takes a while.For a while I assumed this error only occurred when I was attempting to dial our or send a text, then I started getting voice mails out of the blue where people had called and it sent them straight to my voice mail. Friends started commenting about how I keep my phone turned off all the time during the day, which I don't.I've got tickets open with VZW, and have had 2 of my S3's replaced twice and each has had 2 different SIM cards with the problem not getting any better.If this phone is available on your carrier and you don't have Verizon, I would recommend you buy this in a heartbeat. It is an AWESOME phone! This "No Sim" problem is fairly common, but only exists on the Verizon network. If you have Big Red, I'd hang on to your upgrade until a more reliable handset is released, or until they have patched this phone to stop the disconnects. I'll upgrade my review of this phone to 5 stars if this is resolved.

5 stars!  Very user friendly and stylish.  This Amazon wireless deal for a 2 year contract w/Verizon worked perfectly for us.  Pay a cent and get a fabulous and sleek phone of Samsung quality for 2 years works for our family.  Customer support for activation was also very good.  Thank you Amazon. Wish we could find this deal for an iPhone 4S.  Still looking....

i've owned two iphones before but this phone is really a better phone.bigger screen definitely improves user experience. if you were an iphone user it will take few days to get used to android os. after that you won't look back. a great purchase for me.not sure why anyone would rate this phone 1 star because verizon's bloatware. it doesn't bother me much and i am sure regular users don't care. as far as the hardware is concerned this is the best phone i've owned so far.

I was in love with this phone for the short time I had it. But one day my screen turned off and it never came back. I went through troubleshooting with both Samsung and Verizon. The solution was to ship it back to Amazon for a brand new replacement.It pains me to give this phone a bad review, but its the truth. I hope I was the only one who got a 'lemon' thankfully i didnt get around to selling my old phone as I am now using it again.ps. I didnt drop it, dunk it in water, or try to flash it.

Well read other reviews for the pros but heres the short consCONS:Too big for most of my pockets. Well thats about it for the cons but there is one thing i dont like about this they ripped most of the things from the iPhone like "S-Voice" samsung ripoff of Siri and the eye tracking thing well they` had that from the first phone.

Much better and faster than an Iphone!! I'M NEVER GOING BACK TO APPLE!! THIS IS THE BEST PHONE I'VE EVER HAD.

I like a lot about my Galaxy S3, the screen, the weight, the whole Android package except for one major issue.I use Outlook as my contact, calendar and task manager and have for years. My old Palm Treo synchronized quickly using Bluetooth.I CANNOT sync the Galaxy with Outlook using the suggested tool Samsung Kies. It says that the phone is not set up to use Kies. Actually it did work using a USB connection for about 6 weeks and then it stopped working.Verizon, my carrier, said they can do nothing but they suggested a third party product (for money, which I would pay) but that product has mixed reviews online so I have not tried it yet.I tried to contact Kies to no avail.Amazon gave me a contact number at Samsung and got a very pleasant person but she had no useful suggestions.The inability to sync is a MAJOR limitation for this phone. And I am locked into a 2 year contract!I would welcome suggestions.

Verizon sucks.  not the phone itself.  simply the best smartphone on the market.  but because Verizon's idiotic policy limits the phone's otherwise super built in features.  Sad Verizon.  Really.  Time to move away from evil Verizon wireless.

Best cell phone I've ever owned. Replaced my old Droid 2 with the Galaxy SIII. I love the large screen, the operating system and the ease of updating my contacts list.

Both phones I purchased from here were water damaged in box when received and on one, the GPS did not even work. I did not receive a new product when it did not state I was getting a refurbed phone, very disappointed I will never buy from Amazon wireless again.

I bought this phone and within 24 hours I was back at the Verizon store doing a return!!! The phone will constantly kick off your WiFi and if you're not in a 4g area.....forget buying this phone!!! The phone will malfunction beyond belief when it's not able to differentiate 3g or 4g. The only way in which to keep it from booting off your WiFi is to turn the data feed off, which unless you're willing to turn it on every time you're away from your WiFi connection, then you're not going to be happy with this phone!!!The battery life is beyond bad!!!! I unplugged the phone at 7 in the morn, and by 10 in the morn, it had already lost 20% of it's battery with me never getting on it for any reason!!!!The phone is a great looker but does not in any way function as it should for the hype that's gone along with this phone!!!!

Just ordered the S3 for my nephew. This is his first smartphone and he has not stopped watching videos or loading music.

Purchased two of these phones. One phone would not activate...after 5 hours total time on phone with verizon wireless trying to get it to work it was determined that the phone was bad. Verizon bent over backwards trying to help. So now I have to exchange the phone which is back ordered in all colors. Amazon would not work out anything with Verizon to get a phone from their store at this price so will not have phone for approx. 2-3 weeks. I have to send phone back first but would have to pay the "full" $600. price if I wanted to have them send me the phone before they received the dud phone. And then they would credit me. Ridiculous. The person I spoke with at amazon was very helpful but couldn't do anything else. Think twice about ordering a phone thru amazon wireless...I sure won't ever again!!!This is a follow up review...this is why I changed the star rating too...I have to say, after sending the phone back Amazon wireless quickly sent the replacement phone out to me...received it much quicker than I thought...their customer service was helpful and friendly too...

I used to work for Verizon, and I've tested a lot of phones.  This is hands down the fastest, smoothest phone I've seen.  With a dual core (US) 1.5 GHz processor, and 2 gigs (US) of RAM this thing will be future proof for the next two years that you own it.  It's also capable of 4G LTE speeds so the internet is blazing fast as well.Most of my friends have iphones, and they were envious of the looks/screen on this phone.  It certainly is a looker, and the weight/feel to it is deceiving.  With such a large phone you'd expect it to be heavy, but somehow Samsung made this phone light, thin and airy.  Some say it feels cheap, but I don't get that at all.  In fact it seems well built, but like most phones I would not want to drop it without a case.The 1080p video camera is a nice feature too, and the videos looks great!  I have a Samsung TV so I can send them wirelessly from the phone to the TV.  The camera is sweet too, and I like having burst mode.Oh, and its a phone too, and the calls are clear on both ends.  This is a must have phone if you are looking to upgrade.  Don't hesistate!

I've gotten quite good at typing on this phone and enjoy using it for internet browsing and the like. The Verizon apps are annoying and I haven't tried to remove them but I imagine it would be difficult considering many people on here dislike it enough to give this phone a 1 star despite its amazing performance, quality and specs.The battery life is low. Don't get me wrong, it'll last you a whole day of playing a few games, browsing the web and updating your Facebook or sending emails. But it usually requires charging once a day for me, this is my first smartphone so I'm not sure of what the competition gets in battery life but I imagine they'd need to be charged once a day as well.Love the screen, the OLEDs make it very bright and crisp. The processor on the US version of this phone is the dual core Qualcomm Krait 1.5ghz and it's excellent for running just about anything you need it to with top notch speed!

Coming from BB Bold user, I can't be happier. The browser is lightning fast. Setting up is a breeze. As soon as Verizon registered my new device, everything is synced! I was so happy and regretted not getting it sooner. I am on 150 MB family share plan. Verizon let me keep my plan, and so far I haven't upgraded to 2 GB yet. Mainly use it within Wifi range. Voice call quality is excellent. I don't usually get 3G coverage with BB, however with S3 i haven't dropped a call yet. S3 is intuitive, simple to use. Very pleased with my device.

I received it set the phone up the same day easy conversion from my Droid X; I used the My Backup Pro app to convert applications and data.  Much faster very lite and excellent picture quality.Samsung Galaxy S III 4G Android Phone, White 16GB (Verizon Wireless)

I owned this for a week and returned it to Amazon, and exchanged it for a Motorola Droid RAZR M. Why?1. I couldn't make it more than 8 hours without charging it. This was in spite of turning off the wifi, GPS, and Bluetooth when possible. My wife's Iphone 5 and my new RAZR M have far, far superior battery lives, as in days.2. Call reception and quality were not equal to the Iphone 5 or the RAZR M from the same locations. (My house has 2-bar 3G and 1-bar 4G.)3. Wifi reception, connectivity, and throughput were inferior to the Iphone 5 RAZR M from the same locations. Using the Speedtest.net app, I get 16Mbps down at my house on the RAZR M and Iphone 5, less than 10 on the Galaxy.4. You can't operate these large phones very easily with one hand, as in while driving. The smaller Iphone5 and RAZR M don't suffer this problem. In addition, the larger phones are not comfortable in a shirt pocket due to their size.Other considerations on why I chose the RAZR M instead:The RAZRs have the same 1.5 GHz processor as the Sammy, but only 1GB of RAM instead of the Sammy's 2GB. I run a lot of apps and didn't notice any difference in performance. Tests show the Iphone 5 to be the fastest on the market right now, but I honestly don't see any difference in performance between my wife's Iphone 5 and either the Sammy or the RAZR M.At 960x540, the screen resolution on the RAZR M isn't as good as the Sammy's 1280 x 720 or the Iphone's 1136 x 640, but I don't watch videos on my phone and didn't really notice the difference. If you really need a big screen, go for the new Motorola Droid RAZR HD and HD MAXX. These have the Sammy's big screen, but with the rest of the features of the RAZR and RAZR M, including the outstanding battery life.For you world travelers, the new RAZRs are global-ready, like the Iphone5...buy a SIM card when you get to the new country and replace the Verizon one. Not true for the Sammy.You might think the 8GB max. internal storage of the RAZR M might be a problem...especially since, as with the Sammy, you can't offload apps to the microSD card. Surprise! I have a LOT of apps. I loaded them all and they only took less than 1GB of internal storage, so it wasn't really a limitation after all. In addition, you can still put all your photos, videos, etc. on the SD card on the RAZRs.Best of all the RAZR M is $150 cheaper than the Galaxy S3 or the Iphone 5.

Amazon had the best available price. I avoided the S4 due to recommedations of friends who were experiencing problems with the devices.  My daughter had an S3 and loved it, my other daughter has the Iphone 5 and though she loves it, she steered me toward the S3 as well. I am pleased with it so far.

I was with another cellular carrier for many years and was getting tired of all the broken promises of network upgrades, better coverage and faster data. It got so bad that I paid the $200 early termination fee and switched to Verizon and couldn't be happier. The S3 is loaded with features and the camera rivals many point-and-shoot models. The 2 gig of system memory combined with 16 gig of storage plus the 32 gig I added as expansion provides tons of room for apps and data. The fast processor makes all operations smooth with virtually no lag even while running multiple apps. The large display is bright and shows vibrant colors; watching movies or reading ebooks is a real pleasure. Although many reviewers complain about battery life, I find that I can go an entire day of heavy usage and still have plenty of reserve. It may not be the latest iteration from Samsung, but the price and performance makes this phone a real bargain.

The S3 has incredible specs, multitasking is (mostly) a breeze, and it runs pretty much any game I throw at it. Physically, my only complaint is the awkward button placement. Admittedly, a year ago a hardware menu button was still usable, but the back button is on the wrong side, making it awkward to go back and forth between this and my Nexus 7. Putting an actual home button instead of a capacitive one is a move that screams Apple copycat, and also is annoying. Lots of times, just mashing the back button is easier than pushing the home button.On a positive side, the screen is gorgeous. I have small hands, and yeah, it does get a bit difficult to use the big screen sometimes, but I'm certainly not going back to a screen any smaller than this. Reading web pages is a dream on this. The screen is also AMOLED, which means almost-unrealistic but beautiful color saturation and power-saving with black pixels. The phone's back is slick glossy plastic, so using it without a case would be slippery suicide. Speaking of cases, the Galaxy line is the only phone line that can remotely compete with iPhones in terms of case ecosystem. The power and volume buttons are cheap feeling, yes, but solid and easy to find. The removable back is handy- while I don't carry an extra battery, I like the idea of being able to. With the 4.3 update, you can move some apps to SD cards- without, you can only put pictures and media.The software is what kills this phone. Anyone who appreciates the mundane, slick sci-fi interface of ICS won't like Touchwiz. It substitutes the cool blues and blacks with tacky, bright greens and cyans. Yes, with some work, some of the ugliness can be hidden (Alternate launchers and other apps), but some stuff, like the archaic notifications shade, can't be ignored. Even if you genuinely do like Touchwiz's look, it still slows down the phone. Apps like Google Music and Twitter that normally work smoother on my S3 than N7 will trip up and force close far more often on the S3.Software updates. They exist, lagging behind the Nexus line because of Touchwiz, and lagging behind the other S3s because of Verizon (but that's not Samsung's fault). I'm running 4.3 on mine, and it will likely get KitKat sometime. Touchwiz strikes again, ruining lock screen widgets and still being a chore to deal with. You can customize the notification toggles now, but can't put them entirely in two separate shades like on stock android. Lock Screen Widgets, the standout feature of 4.2, are effectively useless since you can't use them with a security lock. Honestly Samsung, without a security lock it's just easier to, you know, open the app?I've blasted Touchwiz too much. It has one- one!- good feature that's making my N7 jealous. That is multi-windowing. You can check Twitter while watching a YouTube video, or have Chrome and Officesuite open while writing an essay. These are all stretches to do on a 4.7 inch screen, and would feel more at home on a tablet (which, by the way, Samsung makes), but I'd be lying if I said I hadn't done it. It isn't practical, it doesn't work with every app, but it's darn cool.In short, who is this phone for? Not someone looking for the latest and greatest, since I'm writing this review more than a year after this phone was made. On the budget spectrum, this undeniably beats out the Mini-phones spawned by HTC and Samsung, but unless you're fond of Touchwiz (yikes) or of physical buttons, the Nexus 5 or even 4 are better choices, unless you really need extra batteries, or an SD card, or all the cute cases the Nexuses don't have. The Nexus 5 and 4 aren't on Verizon, though, so this makes a good bargain purchase for that carrier.The elephant in the room- is this better than an iPhone? Me, the Android nerd, says of course, but if you're already tied to iTunes, get a 4s or 5c. To a budget Android fan stuck on Verizon, unless you *really* need the SD card, go with the Moto X.

Dont even bother. Its a great phone on every other carrier except Verizon. They have crippled the usefulness of this phone and deprived android fans of what they have come to love the operating system for...Verizon is the only carrier in the world who locked this phone, Verizon has also made it so non-Verizon approved software wont work on there version of the S3 so no Google wallet for you.. IF YOU ENJOY FREEDOM OF CHOICE THEN BUY FROM ANY OTHER CARRIER..give us freedom verizon

The Samsung Galaxy S3 is without a doubt the best phone for ME. Before you purchase this phone I urge you to really think about your needs, and stack them against this review. This review is based on an unrooted phone on Verizon Wireless. If you don't feel like reading all of the specifics, skip down to the end and just check out the pros and cons.Feel/DesignThe body of the Verizon Galaxy S3 is very smooth and fits well in your hand; it is a plastic build which allows the phone to remain light. I personally am terrified of dropping it due to the case. I purchased a silicone case just to keep the back scratch free and provide a little cushion in case dropped. The power button is located on the right side of the phone near the top, and a volume rocker is located on the left side near the top. There is a home button on the front of the screen near the bottom on the center. Very simple. One small complaint is the battery cover: you have to somewhat pry it off starting with a little slip on top center of the phone. Directly left of that is the headphone input. Another disappointment to me is the way the speaker is placed; it's on the rear of the phone and if you have the phone on a flat table, it muffles the sound from the speaker.ScreenYou're going to be working with a 4.8-inch Super AMOLED HD display. It's an amazing display. Much more bright than my wife's iPhone 4S. It seems to have a more crisp look. If you aren't used to a large screen, the S3 will take a little getting used to. Coming from an original Motorola Droid, I was a little offput by the large size of this phone. In the month that I've had it I've gotten so used to it that now when I pick up my iPod touch, my immediate reaction is, "why did they design this screen so small?" It is also worth noting that the screen is made from Gorilla Glass 2Performance1.5 GHz S4 processor and 2GB of RAM? Yes please. I have never had so much as a hiccup with this phone, despite running as many memory intensive programs and games as I can. The home screens run smoothly even using Go Launcher as a home replacement. I haven't found a thing that my S3 can't run flawlessly.Connectivity (Signal Strength)I'm currently in San Diego, CA. The only time I do not get 4G is when I'm on the island of Coronado, and even then it just cuts in and out. Everywhere else I have been in San Diego, I get exceptional service. Doing a speed test, I routinely get around 12 Mbps; that is as fast as my home internet connection.Battery Life2100 mAh battery. Doing a looped video test, I can squeeze about 9 hours 15 minutes out of my phone. The only time my battery life isn't wonderful is when the phone is maxed out searching for signal on Coronado. Moderate use: playing games, making calls, using Tapatalk, checking my Google+, Twitter, Flipboard, and reading other news articles, I can usually get a good 16 hours of battery life.OSI could write several pages just on how much better ICS is than any other Android build I've used, but I'm going to leave it to you to research this. The ability to customize my phone is invaluable to me, which is why I always choose Android over Apple.Camera8-megapixel rear camera, 1.9-megapixel front camera. One of the biggest reasons I wanted a phone upgrade was the camera. The Motorola Droid camera was so slow that it made capturing unique moments nearly impossible. The speed on the S3 camera is stellar. The dual-core cpu does a great job at giving great speed and performance with virtually no lag. The quality of the pictures is also fantastic. My S3 outperforms my wife's iPhone 4S in picture quality by far.GimmicksS Voice - The microphone picks up too much ambient noise, especially when driving. When in quiet places, I generally have a pretty good success rate when using S Voice, but I'm really hoping when Jellybean gets pushed to the S3 that Google Now will really pick up the slack.Pop Up Play - I've never used it, as I see no practical use in it.Share Shot - would be a great feature if the only phone in the world was the S3ProsBeautiful screenGorilla Glass 2Smooth running OSSpeedy, high quality camera4GRobust customization optionsFast GPS lock (I didn't mention this in the review, but the GPS lock on this phone is incredibly fast)ConsLocked Bootloader (Verizon only)No Google Wallet (such a horrible move on Verizon's part)Battery cover hard to remove (minor complaint but still worth noting especially if you ever need to change your battery)Speaker placementConclusion: You would be a wise man indeed to purchase a Samsung Galaxy S3. The only reason to not buy an S3 is if you're an Apple Fanboy.

I am totally upset this phone died within 9mths & not elgible for return or refund. I have never dropped this phone or got it wet. Had battery checked & sim card. I will not buy anymore electronic devices. I'd rather got rite to my verizon services & purchase that way I'll have a little more protection.

Samsung Galaxy S III paring with Nissan Altima 2007 & 2008 will not happen if the phone is a Ver. 4.1.1. After many discussions with the carrier and Nissan Bluetooth Engineering group it was confirmed that the version 4.1.1 is not compatible with the Altima Hybrid Navigation hands free system.  Nissan has tested the version 4.0.3 successfully which is the earlier version of the software. Weather anyone can still purchase the 4.0.3 version is questionable.  We have moved on to the Galaxy Note II (oddly using the 4.1.1) which does pare with the Nissan Altima navigation system. Good Luck.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008HTJLF6/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title

Until the Galaxy S4, and now the new Google Nexus 7 by Asus, the Galaxy S3 was the best smartphone on the market.  It's still pretty awesome.  If you're trying to decide between this and an iPhone, don't think twice about it, get this phone.  I've had mine for about a year, and it has really never given me any problems.  You can expand its memory capacity-- mine came with the standard 16GB and then I added 8GB more, my brother's also came with 16GB but he added an extra 16GB.Unlike the iPhone, the Galaxy S3 can be used anywhere.  The cable to charge it is a standard micro USB cable and if you want to access music, pictures or videos, you can do so by connecting it to ANY computer you want, no need to &#34;pair it/sync it&#34; with your iTunes account.The camera is great for both video as well as regular photographs.After one year of use, it is still very fast.I strongly recommend this phone.

You need this phone. It's sharp, quick, with a sleek design inspired by nature. Don't forget the camera... you don't need your point and shoot anymore with the quick shutter and quality.

No Verizon SIM card, which is basically the personality chip that makes the device a Verizon phone (as advertised by Amazon) as opposed to a vanilla device. Nowhere in the description does it indicate this does NOT come with the SIM card. When I called Amazon technical support the Mumbai dialect support person said the 16GB RAM also in the Name and Advertised product was not included. I told my Indian friend that indeed the phone has a built in 16GB RAM and what I was inquiring about the non-present SIM card. He was not technically aware of the difference between built-in 16GB, optional 64GB microSD, and 256KB Verizon SIM card. Totally inept Amazon technical support. Went to the Verizon store and got one installed and configured for free. Also turns out I could have purchase the phone from Verizon directly for the same price, so Amazon failed that test as well.Phone is great though, but Amazon will not be the place I purchase from in the future no price incentive, and no face-to-face brick and mortar US citizens to work with. Very disappointed in what Amazon considers technical support.

I bought this phone about a month or so ago and have a very different perspective.  The phone works flawlessly with many fine features, most I don't use....yet.  The biggest issue is the very poor battery life.  Seems it's on the charger more than anything else.  What's up with that.  i have disabled a number of apps that may be running in the background, but that doesn't seem to make any difference.  Also bought a new battery to see if that was the issue....nope.  Not sure I like this phone due to this issue.  If you really had an emergency and had to make a call....I think it would be a very short conversation, if at all. My nokia is a superior phone in relation to battery life, and ease of use.  I think I could have spent over $600 for a better phone.

This phone works fantastic.  For a phone with a 4.8" screen the battery life is pretty good.  It lasts all day for me after one week of use.  In fact, one night I forgot to plug it in to recharge and there was still battery the next morning - 20%.I too was not liking the power switch on the right until I got a case, so holding the case I no longer press and hold the volume button, turning the volume all the way down.I too was not liking the power connector at the bottom, but have gotten used to it.  I always thought that if there was a dock for my phone it should set upright, so the power connector should be at the bottom.  I found that the dock for this phone does sit upright - something I will order soon.The one glitch I discovered was with the bluetooth phone connection to my car - a 2007 Toyota Camry.  When I want to listen to music on my phone, I connect the audio plug to the car stereo aux plug.  With the phone synced to the car via bluetooth, when the phone rings, I hear the ring through the car speaker assigned by the car bluetooth for the phone.  When I press the answer button the call connects but the phone sound does not come through the car phone speaker.  If I disconnect the audio connection, the phone call comes through the car phone speaker.  A call to Samsung tech support revealed that the bluetooth phone audio will not work when the audio plug is accessed for the aux stereo.  I explained that my prior phone an HTC Incredible (version 1) worked perfectly.  I do not believe that samsung has implemented the bluetooth standard correctly.  The standard bluetooth is able to determine if the connection is for phone only or phone and audio.  I know that this phone does have version 4.0 bluetooth.

I am a small person and this phone is not too big to handle at all.  I love it's many features but mostly the screen size and quality is fantastic.

This has been the worst phone I have had with Verizon. The Radio just sucks. It will have three bars and won't even let you send a text (No Network Avab)I have several other phones and they work great in the same area so what gives.I will never buy a samsung phone again. The Note is the same way I have a friend that has one and the signal is bad.

GREAT phone, love using it, easy to use. I also like the blue color. Would recommend it to everyone that I know

I have owned the phone for about a month now. Has many nice features but there is always a 10% chance that something (mainly mobile data/GPS) wont work right away. Dont know how much of this is a Verizon model specific issue.Pros1. The display - generally great with some over-saturation of colors. If you have average sized hands (for a man), then the phone isnt too big to handle. It is actually quite sleek and light and would also fit easily into trouser pockets.  The large screen you get in return is totally worth it - makes reading, watching clips etc much more enjoyable. I have barely used my ipad since and would now be hard to go to a phone with a smaller screen.2. Respectable battery life. Can get about 20 hours on a single charge, doing primarily email, browsing and a few calls using supplied battery.3. Camera is solid.4. Some nice new features (Smart Stay - works about 75% of time but is still pretty nifty). Kies air - sync your phone over Wifi.5. Seamless switching between Wifi and Mobile Data.6. Fast.7. Great music and sound quality.8. SD Card expandable. Easy to find replacement/extended batteries.9. T9 trace/swype works well.Cons1. Weaker Reception - When on 3G, data speed is slower than my 3G - HTC . Also often fails to receive 3G data signal when a Blackberry and the HTC also on Verizon seem to manage okay.2. Lousy 3G-4G transition - Often indicates to be on 4G but then fails miserably when a data request is made. Takes over a minute to switch to 3G. From time to time, gets stuck in 3G and wouldnt switch to 4G even if you go to a strong 4G area. Nothing short of a wholesale restart would make it go to 4G. Dont know how much of this is a Verizon issue. I have changed SIM cards once, but the problem recurred.3. Can get uncomfortably warm.4. Interface - This is mixed. Some elements (quick access pull-down bar, ability to hide bloatware, shortcuts) are handy, others poorly thought of. Given the large form-factor, a soft home button would have been much better than the physical one. Also the default setting is for a double tap home to launch S-Voice. This leads to a pretty slow response time if you just need to single tap to go to home screen.  It is a setting easy to change, but illustrates that usability wasnt always thought through in designing the interface. The stock dialer is also lacking.5. GPS is generally very slow to lock. Often requires launching test/daignostics apps.6. Verizon bloatware are a power hog. Need to kill them manually from task manager whenever you restart.

The Galaxy S3 is a 4.0.3 Android ICS 4.8" AMOLEDHD 720P 2GB of RAM, fantastic device.The features that this phone has are top-tier and the gesture control (while gimmicky) is amazing to show off.  I still keep a few on cuz they come in handy.The device is also incredible fast and smooth, and the screen looks perfect.  People will complain that this has a PENTILE display, which has faced very harsh reviews on other phones.  However, due to the high-resolution display there are so many pixels that the PENTILE isn't noticable at all.  The saturation really adds to the screen and all of the colors pop.The quickness is partially due to Verizon, but mostly due to the S4 processor inside which easily matches the Tegra 3 quad-cores in tablets and the overseas version of this.In short, for $200 you won't find a better new phone.  The speaker on the back is loud, the sound is amazing, the earbuds this comes with are actually pretty good, the processing power is phenominal.The camera is also the best of any phone...its essentially the iPhone 4S's camera...that Samsung made for them...but tweaked to use more cool features.The front camera works wonders with Tango and Google+...both are Android/Google's "Facetime" and work with anyone who has a front camera, unlike Facetime, which requires iOS.The people that give this bad reviews are doing so because of Verizon, not the phone itself.  Verizon decided to opt out of a lot of things that people want this phone for:1) NFC...payments made from the phone using a wireless connection and Google Wallet were switched off by Verizon, all other carriers get it.2)Dropbox--a cloud based storage system.  This phone comes with 50GB of dropbox storage...25GB on some carriers...Verizon's gets 0GB3) The bootloader, or way to easily root the device and get inside to tweak everything about the device (what Android is best for since everything is open-source) is locked and encrypted...Verizon is the only one refusing to open it.4) Onboard apps--Verizon's tools like backup wifi detection always turn on and interupt what I'm doing.  In fact, when opening ANY app that uses data, Verizon has a big pop up that asks you to switch to an open wifi so you dont use their data...you have to physically hit the "no" every single time...even when checking facebook you have to.  It's sooooo anoying.So, in summary, this is the best phone in the world..no exaggeration, literally every website, including Mac World, rave about this thing...Verizon's version is severly limited due to them being greedy, arrogant, idiotic...well you get the idea.If you want easy access to rooting, hacking(which is encouraged with android devices...google even awards people who hack into their devices to improve them...the Nexus Q being the best example...during the reveal of the device at their conference they stopped to tell people how hackable it is)...get the Galaxy Nexus or wait until this Christmas when the next "Nexus" device is out.  I for one, was just tired of waiting and this device was the last one to allow me my unlimited data.If you have questions, ask.

I bought this phone the week it came out because my Motorola Droid X kept crashing and the sales staff at Verizon said there was nothing they could do with it.  They recommended the Samsung Galaxy S3 as a replacement that would be a huge boost to what I had been using.  I thought I'd try it.  Unfortunately, I took it back after 12 days for a refund.  Here's why:My needs for a phone (these may not be yours, and that's ok)along with how the Samsung stacks up:1. I'm a business traveler and need a phone that can be operated with one hand.This phone misses.  It's just too big.  I bought a tablet to handle my larger screen needs.  I find that I couldn't reach the top left 25% of the screen when using with one hand.  This phone needs 2 hands.  I think it would appeal to women who just normally use 2 hands with a phone and have a purse to carry the phone in.  My belief is that a phone shouldn't be bigger than 4.2 inches diagonally.  If the iPhone was Android, I love that size.2. I need a good battery life (and a replaceable battery)The battery life (even with Samsung 'profiles' turned on to help control battery life) did not get me through an entire day.  My Droid X could get me through 1.5 days.  The Samsung has the ability to replace the battery (like the Droid X) but they didn't have any wall chargers that I could take when I travel.  There is no point in having to put the backup battery into the phone to charge it. I'm sure someone will start making a wall charger.I also found out that Motorola had included a Low Power Sleep mode on their phones but Samsung does not.  this was a great feature when in a situation to conserve battery and keep the phone from searching for a signal (traveling, hotels, etc...) Maybe someone will create a high capacity battery for it.3. I need good GPSThe GPS on this phone would suck the battery down at an unbelievable rate.  I would burn through 40% of the battery using GPS for a 20-30 minute drive.  The Motorola would be about 20%.  I even went for a 20 minute jog and used an app to track my run.  The GPS shouldn't work that much because I'm lucky to run at 7 miles per hour.  I still lost 25% of my battery.  Don't know if it's a combination of 4g and GPS that runs the battery down, but this was my biggest frustration.4. I need to answer emailThe Samsung S3 does this well.  The keyboard was really responsive (far better than the motorola droix x).  Was still hard to type / text with one hand vs. 2.  I do like the 'trace' typing but most droid phones have that now.5. I do like social networking and social appsSamsung's screen is amazing and really does make the apps 'pop'.  If the battery life was better this would be an app users go to phone.*Side note - I do love a phone that takes good pictures and Samsung S3 does this really well and fast.  Video was great too!  I was floored how good the pics/video was.  But like everything else on the phone, it requires a battery that lasts.My family went to the zoo for 4 hours with the little kids and the phone's battery ran out (even with the screen set to the dimmest setting).The salespersons suggestion when I brought the phone back was to buy an external battery pack and just plug that in.  Not sure I wanted to walk around with a battery pack dangling from my ear?

THIS DEVICE IS ALWSUM JUST TO SAY THE LEAST. THIS IS THE FIRST PHONE THAT IVE EVER USED THATS LIKE HAVING A MINI LAPTOP. GREAT PHONE. BUY ONE TODAY, YOU WILL NOT REGRET PURCHASING IT.

We bought two of these Galazy S3's, based on positive reviews.  After activating them, found wifi connection on both disappeared at 30 feet.  Showed weak cell reception in areas of weak signal.  Verizon Wireless is aware of this problem, was not fixed as promised by Samsung in first software update.  Now fix is promised for unscheduled 3rd update.  See Google blogs on poor reception for this phone.  If you want a phone for wifi connection and making calls, get something else.  If games are your objective, it's great.  But, what's a phone for?

This is my first smartphone...very pleased with my decision. I was torn between an iPhone and the GS3. I went with the GS3, b/c I liked the bigger screen. And my brother n' law recommended I go with this phone, he works for a cell phone carrier.I love listening to audio books on it, making lists, using the calendar and the camera is fun to use as well. There are lots of fun apps to download.My only complaint is the battery life...from what I read in reviews, that is a common complaint.

Understand the Battery Life isn't great, but neither is my present cell phone life great.  Considering getting the Extended Battery Bundle too; have not yet purchased this Smart Phone which I intend to do.  Wondering about the Extended Battery life when in use and when not in use, like how long does it "stay" charged before used, as well as how long is it's life.

ATTRACTION: PORTABILITYMy primary draw to the Galaxy S3 when I bought this cellphone 6 months ago was the portability - and the S3 delivers as far as that's concerned. The feel of the device is slick and very well put together.PROSVery satisfactory battery lifeGood-sized display @ 4.8&#34;Portable, high-quality designCONSOver-priced with a cellphone data plan - especially with a Verizon 2 year contract agreementPoor updates to Android OS - operating system updates are curated by Samsung and have not gone beyond Ice Cream Sandwich (approx. v4.1)Memory card issues - I purchased a few 3rd party memory card chips ranging in size from 16GB to 32GB while I had this phone, and had data corruption issues with each of them (3 in all). Information on the internet suggests this is an issue specific to the S3 device. Until I sold my S3, I had resorted to the somewhat limited 16GB on-board memory - which was stable.VALUEThe Galaxy S3 is a great device at a more current valuation on the open market - somewhere between $300 and $400. I believe a price tag at &#62; $600 isn't worth it for the S3 - especially if you go into a mobile contract. For the price, it would be better to look out for a newer device, and if you are interested in staying current with the android Operating System, you might want to look elsewhere.

Had the phone for about two months when for the very first time, I dropped it while sitting down.  It fell all of 16 inches and shattered the glass.  Making things worse, it's very difficult to replace the glass on the S3 so I'm looking at some serious cash for this.  I dropped my HTC Droid Incredible on a number of a occasions from much greater heights over the 2+ years that I had it and never had a problem.  So much for gorilla glass.I think the basic problem is that the glass is compressed in the frame and that it sticks out from it.  There's just no room for error.Google it before purchasing this phone.

Yes, this is my first smartphone. For the past three years I've had an LG Chocolate 3. It was a great phone as far as flip phones went. It has a pretty good music player too; but the battery turned to shit in this past year, so I finally decided to make the leap to a smart phone. Anyway, I went to BB looking for the Galaxy Nexus, but they were all out so I ended up with the GS3.From the perspective of someone who has never had a smartphone, I found this to be very user friendly. I may have never had owned a smartphone before but I was still  aware of Ice Cream sandwich and the newest version, Jellybean (which was why I wanted the Nexus). I love the design of the phone. It's very light, sleek, it is a fingerprint magnet(but they wipe away very easily). The back cover isn't as bad as people say, it's not that flimsy. The screen is AMAZING. A lot of people complain about the default brightness. True it is a little dim, but you can always just turn it up yourself. People also complain about the bloatware too. I don't think it's too intrusive. I just created a folder and put all that crap in it and named the folder BS just to save space for more aps.The camera is great. I'm just glad to have a phone that can record 1080p. Hell, I'd be satisfied with 720p. The pictures look great. The highest resolution is 3264x2448.Samsung's Siri knockoff isn't the best but it's pretty neat for what it is. Battery life is pretty good. I am addicted to the swipe texting.. It's so easy and fun. All and all this is an amazing phone; at least from my perspective, from never owning one before. 5 stars!

The Samsung Galaxy S III features a 4.8-inch HD Super AMOLED display, packaged into a sleek, slim and lightweight design with an ergonomic grip, smooth lines and gentle curves. A 1.5 GHz dual-core processor and 2 GB of RAM allows seamless multitasking without delay.

I was a little discouraged about getting a phone this big but after purchasing it. i love this phone! it took some time getting used to but i found it a lot easier to multitask and had a lot more features then most phones. Although samsung has not updated the firmware often the os alone is already good to use. If you're looking for a good phone with a decent screen size i would recommend the s3. if you want bigger then you can always get the note 2. Although i was a little disappointed by the touching phones transfer. i actually takes a lot longer then i would have expected compared to the commercials and the battery life can be drained fairly quickly. Overall i do like this phone.

Thinking of getting the latest and greatest Galaxy? While the S4 is for sure a fantastic phone, the S3 is still a great one too, and especially now considering the prices have dropped.  From what can be gathered on the internet, the S3 will still be supported with software updates at least through the next Android version 4.2.2 (and maybe further).  However, there is huge third party development community for the S3, so if you root your phone (like I do) then we will probably see further support for this phone with development community updates!  the XDA forums is a great place to start!As far as any new apps that come with the S4, those are already available for rooted(and some non rooted) owners of the S3.The few reasons I can see to choose the S4 over the S3 are:Form factor: The S4 is slightly better form factor (it's thinner with a larger screen), but the S3 feels really good in the hand and my pocket already for such a large phone!Battery life: The S4 has better battery life than a stock S3 battery.  But I have already moved on to aftemarket batteries (see Zero Lemon batteries) for my S3 and have seen improved battery life...Plus I have spare batteries to boot!Speed: The S4 has the latest and greatest quad core processor and 2G of memory, the S3 has a dual core processor and 2GB of memory, so if you are all about speed, then the S4 may be your best bet.  However, I have no issues with the speed of my S3.  It runs all of todays apps with no problems.Cameras:  If this is a huge deal breaker, then the S4 does have a better camera (13MP vs 8MP), but I still don't use my phone as my primary camera anyway.  I have an DSLR for the important stuff!Screen: The S4 is bigger (5" vs 4.8") and full HD (1080P vs 720 P).  The S3 is simply not as nice of a screen as the S4...but it's perfectly usable and still looks great to my eye.IR sensor:  Simply put, the S4 has them the S3 does not.  So if using your phone as a TV remote control, or being able to perform tasks without touching the screen are big factors for you, then get the S4.  To me, these sound like cool features I would use once or twice, then probably never again.Additional sensors: The S4 also comes with an array of humidity sensor, thermometer, and a barometric pressure sensor.  Currently, there are not many apps that can use these sensors, but as with anything, there will probably be a lot that spring up in the near future.  It will be interesting to see how these get used beyond basic weather measurements.The IT factor:  If you need to have the latest and greatest, then absolutely, get the S4.  But if you want a great phone, that is fully capable of running all of todays apps and at a great price, you still can't go wrong with the S3!There are tons of these comparisons online, here is one I like.  http://www.androidauthority.com/galaxy-s4-vs-galaxy-s3-202924/

Phone works great, exceeded expectationsBattery life goodSpeed of phone operation is much faster than than previous phone, HTC Droid Incredible.I usually upgrade phones after they have been out for a few months, checking reviews of others and taking advantage of the price drop. I was able to get the Galaxy S3 for $29.99.

This review is for the 16GB, blue, Verizon S3.Owned for 5 days now, and played with extensively, but not rooted.  Fantastic upgrade from my Droid X.  ICS by itself is worth the price ($199 from the Verizon store, btw).  Hardware seems plenty fast despite not being the quad-core international version.  16 GB + a 32 GB sd card gives me plenty of storage.  4G LTE is blazing fast at my location (SE Michigan).ICS, how do I love thee?  I can finally disable all the annoying Verizon (& Samsung) apps w/o rooting (though you need to root to fully uninstall them).  Multitasking is greatly improved (hint: long-press home button).  Stock apps are almost good enough to stick with (almost, not quite, esp. the keyboard & browser).Hardware: good camera, fantastic AMOLED display.  Pentile, sure, but can you really tell?  HD movies look gorgeous and play smoothly.  Decent speaker for speakerphone or listening to podcasts.  The display is huge, and the phone is a bit big for one-handed operations, but it's also thin and fits in your pocket no problem.  Oh, and it looks great.  Almost a shame to put a case on it.Good battery life.  I've been going a full day on a single charge with medium-heavy usage with plenty to spare.  Not watching movies or anything that requires the LCD to be on for hours at a time, obviously, but for most usage, you should be fine just plugging in at night.Nitpicks:Major 1 - Power button placement on the right, usb port on the bottom.  I'm hitting the volume keys on the left far too often when turning on/off the phone.  Could just be personal preference as I'm used to the power button on top on the Droid.  USB port on the bottom makes no sense though.Major 2 - No MSC (Mass Storage Control) transfer, only MTP & PTP.  Less flexibility in dragging & dropping files, folders, etc from your computer.  Sure, there are ways around this, but is annoying nonetheless.Minor - so, yeah, big display, and if you have small-ish hands, 1-handed operations are risky, esp w/the somewhat slippery case.  I don't actually mind the plastic construction--doesn't feel "cheap" to me at all--but I'll likely get a TPU case for the grippiness.Shortcuts on your lockscreen is a great feature!  Except you have to unlock the phone to actually launch the apps.  Why can't I turn on my flashlight or calculator (zero security risks) on demand?  No ring/vibrate switch from the lockscreen either.Anyway, plenty of software nits that can be fixed by downloading replacement apps or rooting.  Really, it's the MSC & power button that might tempt me to leave the G3 a 4* review, but honestly, I just love the phone to death right now, which is kind of the bottom line.  Maybe it was just the degree of upgrade after 2 years, but whatever, it's a fantastic phone that I was happy to pay full price for at launch, instead of waiting a month or two for it to get discounted.Edit: 7/26.  Added thoughts after 2 weeks of ownership and experience of travel (air & driving) with the phone (because this review wasn't long enough!).Pro - GPS locks very quickly.  The DX took a long time to lock onto GPS signals, but the SG3 is almost instantaneous when outdoors (or inside of a car that is outdoors).  Gets rid of a huge peeve for my previous phone.Pro - Camera features work well, esp. the Best Shot mode.  Took some very nice pictures at a wedding.Con - Button placement redux (see Major 1 above).  I asked many people to take pictures for me, and they invariably hit the volume button by accident which operates the digital zoom.  Very natural to place your left thumb there in landscape mode.  A good case might alleviate this.Semi-con - This is 100% on me, but don't get too cocky about the Gorilla Glass 2.  I managed to scratch it a tiny bit in the 2 weeks thinking it was invincible, and it's not.  Keys & coins may be fine, but rough kitchen surfaces are not (granite, sandstone, etc).  Buy a protector.

I just recently upgraded to this phone from my previous HTC Droid Incredible II, and the Galaxy S III is AWESOME! The speed is amazing, battery life is about 2 days for me, and I haven't had a single crash since I bought it. I am really impressed.

There's lots to like about this phone.  You probably have read all that.  I'm going to tell you my specific reasons for giving this phone 2 stars after having it for 2 months.I can boil it down to one thing then list specifics - the one thing is certain things stop working and can only be fixed by a reboot of the device.  I didn't move from a 2 year old HTC product to the flagship Samsung product in order to have to reboot my device 3 to 5 times a day just to make basic functions work.1.  Voice input - the mic icon will sometimes not light up red or work, like the application cannot access the mic.  Only fix I have found is to reboot the phone, and it works immediately.2.  Bluetooth music to my car stereo stutters.  It didn't do this on my older phones which are half as powerful.  A reboot fixes it.3.  GPS cannot get a fix.  "Searching for GPS" will not go away.  It will not get a fix.  Toggling GPS on and off does not work.  A reboot fixes it.4.  Drops wi-fi alot.  Wifi disconnects, goes to 3g / 4g, then back to wifi ... all day long.  Don't tell me it's my router or my signal.  My old phone did not do this.  My girlfriend's phone doesn't do this.5.  Apps stop responding - freeze up - screen sticks for 15-20 seconds sometimes.  This shouldn't be happening on a phone this powerful.6.  Intermittently can't upload photos - to facebook, twitter, etc.  They fail immediately.  Reboot of phone fixes it every time.7.  And this one is probably Verizon ... switching between Wi-Fi, 3G, 4G on the fly is not exactly smooth.  Connection invariably drops and takes more time than it should to pick back up.I first went to Amazon with the issue.  They told me to go to Verizon as it was past 30 days.  Verizon would not let me e-mail customer service about it from their website.  They want me to bring it to a retail store, which I have not had time to do yet.  I e-mailed Samsung.  They offered some troubleshooting - which was basically instructions on how to do a soft reset, then how to do a complete wipe of the phone if that didn't fix my issues.  Soft reset did not fix it.  I'm not really wanting to do a complete wipe at this point on a 2 month old phone.  In any case I shouldn't have this many problems on a brand new flagship device from a major carrier.  I tried to get Amazon to send me a device in advance and return packaging for the old one.  No dice.  I tried with Samsung.  No dice.  Verizon is my last hope and I really don't relish the thought of setting my phone up all over again ... but I guess it's my only chance of getting any kind of decent smart phone that is even as good as my 2 year old phone I just got rid of.  In my opinion - this device is NOT all it's cracked up to be.  Don't believe the hype.

You can't really have full control of the Verizon S3 like you can with other carriers because verizon choose to lock the bootloader which really isn't fair since you own the phone. Also it's hard to enjoy the 4g speed because it eats data like CRAZY and verizon just took away the unlimited data plans unlike Sprint. Think twice before you go with verizon because like I said, it's hard to enjoy the phone. Sprint's Stock price has been flying ever since verizon cut the unlimited data plan (check it out) because I believe people are switching to Sprint instead. You will really start to feel the verizon pinch. The phone itself is awesome, great camera, screen. quick ui. Battery life is just so so, to me it's over hyped, although i'm on it alot, probally 3.5-4.5 hours of On Screen time a day. I bought the extended battery, now it's great.

The Samsung Galaxy S3 is a great phone. It has so many wonderful features and is thin and curvy. I love my phone and only have 2 gripes:1. Verizon is being ridiculously negligent in upgrading the world's best selling phone to Android Jelly Bean and insults it's customers by not even hinting when the upgrade might be available.2. It uses a dual core processor in the US version while offering a quad core everywhere else in the world.

The phone is great it is bright clear and easy to see.  I love the voice command camera.  buy it

When it comes to email and texting this phone will drive you crazy. Plus u can only send 2 pics at a time through text very disappointed at this phone I've had it one month and already went back to my iPhone 4.

I just wanted to add to the quality reviews on this phone.  Yes, the display is awesome.  Yes, the OS is terrific. Yes, it does everything it is advertised to do, except one little thing...it can't make a quality phone call.  Two problems.  One, as the other reviewer mentioned, several people told me I sounded like i was calling from inside a hollow box.  Two, if you are in a bar or noisy restaurant, sporting event, etc. this phone is incabable of a high enough volume setting for you to adequately hear what the party on the other end of the line is saying.  I am extremely disappointed and was looking forward to owning this phone for months.  I returned it after 3 days.  If you are looking for a mini-tablet, this thing is perfect.  If you actually expect your phone to function well as a phone, this isn't for you.  Sorry Samsung, but you really blew it on this one.

I am new to owning a smart phone, but this certainly meets or exceeds any expectations I had. Crystal clear screen, fast speeds, great operating system, and no complaints at all.

I had one of these phones for a few days before I returned it. In many areas where my previous phone had a good signal, this phone had none. I spoke with my cell phone service carrier and was told that they were aware of this problem with Galaxy S3 phones and that Samsung was working on a software update that would fix it. I strongly suspect that this is, in fact, a hardware problem that is not going to be cured by a software update.If indeed it is a hardware problem, it is seems highly unlikely that Samsung will admit it and fix it given how many phones of this model have already been sold. Instead, all they have to do is delay for a couple of years because most buyers will have acquired another phone by then under their carrier's update programs.In short, this seems to be yet another case of an electronics manufacturer using the consumer to do its beta testing or themselves doing abbreviated beta testing so that they could rush this phone to market. If you are thinking of buying this phone, I suggest that you test it immediately at locations you commonly frequent to be sure that it performs to your satisfaction. Some cell phone carriers have significantly shortened the period within which you can return the phone to them, so don't delay.

After 4 months the phone stopped charging and Amazon won't even take it back after one month.  My daughter is now stuck with a paperweight and no way of contacting either of her parents...crappy phone.

I have to say I love my phone. I upgraded from the S2. This was about a year ago. I still love this phone. There are a few glitches, as there always are. I had to reset it once since I got it, and some of the upgrades for software confused me, but I took the time to figure them out. Wish the battery lasted longer without having to disable the GPS and some other features to keep it going longer

This phone is (phone of the year to me)  Not only it SEXY as hell, but so many features its crazy.

Four and a half stars.  I have had this phone for about 7 months now and I am very pleased with its overall performance.  Cosmetically, it is a very pretty phone.  I love the dark blue color and the curved glass of the screen feels great in the hand.  That said, it is also a bit slippery to hold because of the smooth plastic on the back of the phone, so I generally keep mine in a case.  Even with a case, this is still a slim phone, easy to hold and easy to type on, even with my relatively small hands.  Software wise, I like what Samsung has done with their Touch Wiz user interface.  It is easy to use and customize, and there are more features built-in then most people are likely to ever use.  The camera takes great pictures and video, and streaming video on the phone's screen looks excellent.  Call quality on Verizon in Southern California has been very good (the only reason I have stuck with them as a carrier is because of the reliability of their network).  Data speeds are fast both with WiFi and 4G.  The only real complaint I have about this phone is the battery life.  I know it has a very large screen and that the 4G service is real drain on the battery, but I was hoping I wouldn't have to charge this up every night.  It definitely makes in through a day without any problems, even with reasonably heavy use, but I've never been able to take it for two whole days without having to charge it up on day 2.  Still, with a user replaceable battery, you could always keep a spare on hand and switch between the two if need be.  Overall, I really like this phone.  When I first got it, I thought it was too big for me, but I find I really like having that extra screen real estate, even if it means I can no longer carry my phone in my pocket.  I know the S4 has been out for a little while now, but this is still an excellent device with tons of features and great overall performance.  I would highly recommend it.

Love the Verizon Galaxy S3.  More than iPhone.  Does most of the same things and you're not married to Apple and iTunes.  And much cheaper.  This was a steal.Cons - can be a little glitchy at times, apps stopping, having to reformat my sd card, etc.  But not enough to bug me.I'm just happy to be able to expand my memory for way less cost than buying a hard to find big iphone.  I have 80GB of memory.  for $45 total!!!!  Not $599.

Perfect! Just what I needed for a replacement to my old Droid HTC.  I may look for another Samsung, a Galaxy 4 for my next one.

Bought this phone for work purposes, and it gives me a no sim card error right away and it's blocking me from using the phone, so this is nothing more than a $600 paper weight at this point...

I'm completely impressed at this phone.  It is a fantastic piece of hardware.  I upgraded to this from a Moto Droid2 and am very impressed.  It is lightning fast and very stable, and has tremendous capabilities.  At only $25 with 2-year contract extension on Verizon, this is a fantastic phone for the price; it was twice the money at the Verizon store when I was shopping around.  The S3 may not have the extra bells & whistles of the new S4, but it is definitely a high-end, top quality smartphone, and those extra gizmos to me are not worth the additional hundreds of dollars in order to have the absolute latest & greatest, etc.  This is a super deal and I highly recommend it.

fast service in perfect condition, I like these phone  is easy to program and it have all the necesary instructions for it.

S3 is wonderful. Super light and slim phone. I would advise a case as soon as you buy the phone though! Since its so thin, its susceptable to cracked screens and broken corners when dropped.

Updated another phone on my VZ plan. VZ wanted twice as much and would have required a plan change. Great Deal.

If you're interested in this phone, I do not recommend the Verizon version. Verizon has crippled the software and will not provide any valid reason or a way to unlock the full potential of this device. If you like this phone, you will be better off getting it on AT&T or T-Mobile's network, because they have not crippled the software. Even Google Wallet is disallowed on this device, which is touted as having "NFC" capabilities, a very cool and convenient feature that Verizon has blocked out. The Sprint version allows you to utilize your phone's NFC chip with Google Wallet to make purchases at stores with paypass scanners. If you buy the Verizon version your NFC chip will go to waste and the full potential to customize your phone will not be available to you unless Verizon decides to change their mind about this.

Great phone with great functionality.  The purchase process was extremely simple and the phone came within 2 days.  Overall great experience and the phone is just amazing.

I've had this phone going on six weeks and it does everything I ask of it.  It's quick, responsive and the graphics are great.  The battery holds up to fairly moderate web browsing.  I am extremely happy with this purchase.

I've had this phone for over a month now.. month and few weeks maybe. I'm really loving this phone even though few little things that bug me. I got my phone from eBay brand new, I got the 32GB pebble blue on Verizon. Phone is really great and I think probably the best outta smartphones I've had.. had about 6-7 so far.Battery on this phone is probably best I've experienced with this phone here. I know you could always do things to get better battery than I've been having, I personally don't care to root this yet or do any of the tweaks. I can work this phone hard, I mean constant youtube videos, some games, taking pictures, making some phone calls and stuff, and doing some e-mails (4 email accounts).. even though I don't sync but 6 minutes on every hour. I get about 7 or so hours and still at %50 battery, give or take. My other phones would be about dead just about, I'd be hurrying to charge a spare up after 8 or 9 hours.I really love the slick design of the phone.. some people say very cheap feeling or quality but I feel complete opposite and they are probably idiots anyways. I have several very nice cases and screen protector on this baby.. have a glass tempered one and loving it, feel I have that protection in case a drop (let's hope not).Only thing at this point I don't really like with phone so far is when I open one of my folders or close, I have the ladys voice-  Folder open/Folder closed.. This bugs the crap out of me. I checked all settings and just don't see how to stop this, anyone know?all and all this phone is a very great phone and I'd recommend to people out there. Then again everyone is different and we all don't have the same luck with our electronic gadgets or all want something else. Personally I'm very happy and think this phone is top of the line :).

I decided to get my Galaxy III phone on amazon at the advice of someone within the Verizon store, who told me that I could get the phone cheaper online. It took about three days after ordered the phone to receive it, and I fell in love with it instantly. Within forty-eight hours, however, the phone had turned itself off and would not turn back on again. Frustrated, I called customer service and spoke with an incredibly empathetic lady who promised to resend a brand new phone to me as soon as I mailed the broken phone to them. I mailed the phone that day and the very next I had a brand new, this time fully functioning, galaxy 3. What could have been an infuriating experience turned out to be easy and stress-free. A dud product can pop up anywhere, but what I love about Amazon is their willingness to fix any problems as quickly and respectfully as possible. I would recommend buying a phone on Amazon to anyone, and will do so again myself, knowing that if I ever have an issue there's a team of good-natured, helpful people waiting to help.

The only reason for my review is to warn potential buyers about the pitfalls of owning the phone on the Verizon network. I bought two of these on a family plan and we both have problems with the phone giving an error "No SIM Card" which renders the phone useless. We cannot text or call. We have already received a replacement phone from Verizon but the problem persists. On top of that Verizon customer service has been steadily deteriorating over the years. We were pretty much told that this is not their problem, it's the manufacturer's problem. It took countless hours on the Verizon store and on the phone with Verizon to get the phone replaced. The new one worked for 2-3 days and it is once again having the same issues. Now the second phone on the plan is having the same problem.

I am new to the world of smart phones, but several of my family members have/had the Galaxy S III or 4.  They all seemed very happy with it so I thought I'd try it out.  It has been fabulous.  I am constantly amazed at what it can do and I try to take advantage of the sync function with Google as well as I can.  Be it my calendar, sports teams, weather, I am now in the know just by looking at my phone.

Really like this phone.Samsung made a really good job by making this phone! I have no complains at all. Highly recommend it.

The screen is larger and easier for me to hold while talking.  I like when I am using text, you can swipe your fingers to the letters and it figures the word you want.  Camera is better than my other phone.  I am glad I upgraded to this phone.

I have owned the Samsung Galaxy S3 for about six months now. I must say I love it. I've owned the apple iPod, and iPad, but this phone blows those away.  It has so many more features.  You can create custom music settings, watch flash content, and there's a nice 4.7 inch high definition 1280x720 pixel screen.  And since it's a flagship phone, you get a lot of updates and improvements.  This phone always gets better.The battery life is great to.  I can usually comfortably get through a whole day of moderate usage with maybe 15-30 percent left.  It also has NFC (Near Field Technology) built in so you can share pics and videos with friends by just touching phones or being close together.  It's very light and easy to hold for its size. Typing is very natural to. I'm typing this review on my phone right now.The camera is also great.  You can snap pictures instantly. It's fast and full of detail. It's also incredible in low light situations. HD video is sweet also.And wow is it tough. I was on the treadmill and I dropped mine. It hit the belt and spun off across my cement floor. Not a dent or scratch on mine. So I can definitely say that this phone is a great phone for anyone.The inner specs are still pretty impressive, even compared to the new phones.  It has a dual core 1.5 ghz processor. I know it's not a quad core like some newer phones, but it is still very fast at doing everything. It has 2 gigs of ram, which is still on par with the newest phones, and apps almost never close on me even when I've opened many other ones.  It also has a decent amount of memory, and it even offers a memory card slot if you don't have enough.  For the first time, I might keep a phone even when I can get a new one.

Today my phone started giving me the "No SIM" error in my office.  My other phones worked great there.  Google "no sim galaxy s3 verizon" and you'll see many similar complaints .  I know this is a new phone model, but this is not acceptable at any stage.  Do not buy this phone if you want to use it as a phone!Update:  Tried new sim card, got new phone, many service calls, verizon just keeps putting me off each time.  Still no resolution of the dropped calls with the No SIM error.  The only suggestion is to use 3rd party software to permanently switch it to 3g.  If you get good 4G or just 3G, you won't notice this...at least until you go out of town and need the phone the most.Another update:  Sending back another replacement that didn't work anywhere better than the first.  They'd rather waste money and time than admit that their phones are incompatable with some of their towers.  Of course the verizon rep hasn't called me back in "two days" either.  I've heard that about 4 times before.  The phone would be nice, but Verizon should be avoided for any phone!another update:  I upped this to zero stars from -1 stars since they updated the software.  My phone works now in this area, but the verizon threads show there are many people for whom it didn't work.  What really pissed me off was the continual lies that verizon tech support gives out.  Never once did they acknowledge that this phone has problems.  Sure, buy the phone, just don't get the verizon version.

I love this phone.  Ok, yes, it has some idiosyncrasies.  For some reason I can't seem to figure out how to customize the phone screen so that when I choose the phone button it just goes to RECENT CALLS first.  And on my Palm Pre Plus, to delete things, you dragged them to the side of the screen.  On this phone, if you do that in the call list, you call the person (or text them if you drag left).  Awkward!Also, I'd love to be able to pull some of the sounds from the phone for my laptop (When email comes in on the phone, I have this cool Temple Bell sound which I had to go scour the Internet to find for my laptop).  You'll notice that these are really nit-picky things.I LOVE THIS PHONE.Since I was (finally) switching from WebOS (I loved you, Palm.  I HATE you HP.) I tested everything.  I was tempted by the big A, but they've been such bullies lately, I was turned off.  Also, this phone is actually quite a bit better than the iPhone (No wonder Apple is worried).  The other Android phones seemed fairly similar to each other with the exception of the... Motorola, I think, with the slide-out keyboard.  It was tempting (similar, again, to my Palm), but I decided to bite the bullet and go with a virtual keyboard.And this phone... Ahhh.FIRST: This screen is phenomenal.  Some have commented that it's not the brightest when compared to other phones, but who the hell does that every day?  Maybe when you're buying a phone, but after that?  Please.  I keep the brightness at less than half-bright, and it's more than sufficient.  And it's tough as a mother.  I did eventually get a screen protector after about 6 weeks.  I'm still not sure if I needed to.SECOND: Hello!  This girl is FAST.  She jumps between apps like it's Saturday night, and sometimes I think she has more power than my laptop.  I like how the movie/video gallery actually animates the video thumbnails.  It's a little shocking at first, but you get used to it.  It's VERY cool.THREE: This girl is gorgeous.  Just lying on a restaurant table, I see other people hiding their inadequate phones when they see my little piece of hand-candy.  She's sleek and shiny and, though not usually a compliment, this girl is flat as a pancake.  Actually, she's flatter than most pancakes I've had.  She easily slips into my pocket, even with a back case on.FOUR: Surprisingly good battery life.  I'm a Words with Friends addict (forgive me, but it's the only game I play), and it uses an Internet connection almost all day.  If I do some hard-core surfing, I will have to charge in the evening, but usually, one charge overnight sets me up for the whole day.  My Palm had THE. WORST. BATTERY. EVER. This phone is a dream.FIVE: Sometimes the OS (Android ICS) freezes.  Irritating.  I find, though, if I just remember to reset the phone once a week (hold the power button and choose the option in the pop-up), it never freezes up.Did I mention that I LOVE THIS PHONE?I have really played around with this puppy, so if you think you've found something I might like, drop a comment.  Or if you have a question, I'll figure out the answer somehow (e.g. I figured out how to get my Palm contacts to transfer in.  It was a PITA!)

Got this phone a few months ago, so my comparison is to my old HTC Incredible, this phone is a tad faster, great battery life, the Incredible had to be charged every 6 hours or so, this one lasts all day with the same usage, 4g is wicked fast. Easy to use.Downside is the camera, it takes terrible quality, out of focus pictures. I have messed with all the settings and rarely get a good one, in comparison the HTC Incredible rarely took a fuzzy picture. Unfortunately, I take a lot of pictures, and wish I had realized this before buying this phone.

I love my new phone. I got it so that I could use the credit card app and it works great.

Best phone on the market right now.  Hands down.  Better than Iphone5 or any other Android phone out there.  Great display.  Lightning fast 4G LTE.  This is still the phone to get.

This phone has been my daily driver for past 6 months or so. I know it's an old phone and today's smartphones pack 1080p displays and what not. But I really feel that this phone delivers exactly what is required from a pocket device for a casual user. Anything more than this is kinda overkill. Perfectly fine for some emails, web browsing, social networking, casual games, taking pictures etc.Pros: Gorgeous display (though not as bright and vibrant as the Galaxy S2), Fast processor, Smooth experience, Sleek and light, Decent battery life, Simplified Samsung touchwiz UI, great cameraCons: Glossy plastic body feels cheap, build quality could've been better (say a Droid Razr Maxx HD), Samsung's feature overkill which's sometimes just gimmicky than really usefulFollowing are some additional impressions about software only:I would say that I like this phone because I like Android, and Samsung is doing one of the better implementations of it on better hardware. Still in order to differentiate its products from other Android device makers; Samsung is skinning it's products with Touchwiz UI. This is a bloat, and though in some cases makes usage easier, in most cases it causes stutters and lags. With the beefed up hardware power, it gets smoother than older devices. But still not as smooth as say an iPhone or Nexus. I had come to expect this from almost all Android devices, until I installed pure vanilla android with a custom ROM. It's so buttery smooth and gives so much better and enjoyable experience to the user. I highly recommend using CyanogenMod 10.1 or Supernexus ROMs. Any high end Android device would be so much better with pure vanilla Android.But all in all, it's a great phone. And with newer phones carrying a lot of unnecessary specs n power, this is most suited for daily usage. And with recent price drops, it comes almost free with a contract. So a great value for money. I would recommend it without a doubt.

Coming from Sprint I thought I was going to have a better experience with Verizon! So far signal wise I do i'll give them that. HOWEVER! With Sprint I was able to use my Samsung Epic Touch 4G to it's full extent because it was mine and did not contain a locked down bootloader! Not to mention I can't even use Google Wallet which is an awesome feature! Wish I could use it. If anyone is looking at different carriers and Verizon as a possible option, if you care at all about your phone, I would highly not recommend Verzion! Their reasoning behind locking the bootloader on the Samsung Galaxy SIII, to maintain the "said" great customer support and solid network performance is a full faced excuse! Verizon's response? Oh it's Samsungs fault, they wanted to lock the bootloader... Ok Verizon get real, there are three other U.S. Carriers and ALL three of them have the SGSIII bootloader UNLOCKED, if this was the case, I'm pretty sure Samsung would have kept it that way across the board. Verizon's second response, oh ok well we can offer to sell a developer edition phone with an unlocked bootloader at a marked up price! NO! NO ONE is going to buy the developer edition especially after pre-ordering a device that should have been unlocked in the first place! Verizon I hope you can somehow make this right as I will not stay a customer for very long, nor will my family.

Let me start by saying great sound quality and my absolute favorite color!  I can't think of one complaint I might have or had about this phone.  I managed to lose the phone last week...so salty about that.  VZW wanted to charge me $99 for a replacement Samsung Galaxy S III...WELL, that seemed a little senseless to me considering my husband only paid $20 for the phone brand new from Amazon Wireless.  I hated that I've had to go back to my HTC droid incredible 2.

I have owned this phone for 5 month's and am rather pleased with it thus far.The screen is a nice big size, the UI is easy to use, plus it just got updated to Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean) . Also the battery has a lot of juice and may last you up to a day , maybe more depending on your usage. The camera takes wonderful shots and the sound if your listening to music isn't bad either.

Everything works very nicely.  I have yet to have a real problem, even tethering works smoothly with multiple devices.I have dropped this phone one time and although it did get some scratches it still looks good and works, no cracked screen or any nonsense.The battery life blows, but I use this thing constantly; movies, internet, reddit, I'm always on it so I just charge it everywhere.  I charge it in my car, i charge it at home and I charge it at work, nbd.I highly recommend this phone its great. :D

Since I turned the phone on it has been wonderful! I was nervous about switching to a phone that didn't have an actual keyboard but it is definitely worth it! Since I have a Samsung tablet all my apps and pictures from my tablet automatically came up on my phone! I loved that!! It is simple to use too, my mom who is a die hard apple fan actually used it for ten minutes and lets just say she no longer uses her Iphone.

Horrible, cheap Plastic casing & a screen that cracks if you sneeze too hard! not impressed at all!! gorilla glass??? i think not!!with the amount of complaints about the screen shattering so easily, one would think that Samsung would offer a resolution, instead they want an additional fortune to fix this mess!!! I've had many cell phones, have dropped them many times & have never seen anything like this.....Could care less about this Samsung device or any other they make. For the price, provide a better product!!! GOOD RIDDANCE!!!!!!!!!!!!

i ordered the samsung galaxy s 3 and i love it, it far exceeded my expectations.  I kept going back and forth about whether to buy the samsung note II or the s 3 and i finally decided on the s3 and i could not be happier. the features are awesome and the size of the screen is perfect all in all its a great phone and if i had to do it over i would still make the same choice.

The design and features of this phone gives the user everything they could need in a device that still fits in your pocket. Great camera and camera options. The phone does seem fragile so don't skimp on a good case(otterbox defender). The only thing that I hope that they create an app for is there is no way to turn the 4G on and off. Other than that this is a great phone. All of the one star reviews must be getting paid by Apple because this phone blows the iPhone 5 out of the water.

This phone rocks.  I have no issues yet, 3 months usage. My only complaint is that Samsung should not deviate too much from google android.  I'm not sure I like samsung UI on top of android.  Just give me android.  Samsung should just focus on hardware and maybe few embellisments to software but leave google UI alone.

All negative reviews are just people sent by Apple to try to bring down the gs3 to the level of the pitiful, brainwashed hipster iphone. There are multiple websites and multiple stores that will allow you to compare phones, do so and you will see this is one of the best out there and completely blows the iphone out of the water.

S-voice is hard to get to work and doesn't recognize most of what I ask for.Smart-stay isn't:  It is supposed to keep my screen from going to sleep when I am reading an e-mail by recognizing that my eyes are still on the screen with the front facing camera.  99% of the time it doesn't and I have tried it in all kinds of light, both with and without glasses.  My screen stills goes dark unless I touch the screen to keep it.  The little eye comes on that looks at my face supposedly and is to recognize that I am still looking at the screen, but when it goes away, so does my screen (goes to sleep mode).The transmitter/receiver on the phone is weaker than the Motorola Droid X that I replaced with this Samsung S3.  I get more dropped calls.  We are in a supposed Verizon 4G Lte area on the map and 4G is NON-EXISTENT 98% of the time.  I only get 2 bars on 3G when I am outside and if I am in a building I only get 1X and sometimes, no signal at all.  My Droid X at least had 3G inside buildings and didn't drop calls like the Samsung S3.  Samsung S3 when on 1X has what I call choppy audio and I can't hear what the other party is saying as it goes in and out.Verizon needs to improve its signal, and Samsung needs to fix the two main issues it hyped the phone on:  S-voice and Smart Stay!!

It's fast. The camera works well. The touchscreen is very responsive. Everything is very user friendly. Also bought one for my mom (who was upgrading from an old flip phone) and she loves it too.

I have had the GS3 in pebble blue since August of 2012.  After several firmware updates, my town getting verizon 4G, and my own personal use, I can say it is a great phone even though it is now "obsolete". (GS4 is already available)  Lets get to the biggest question everyone has about a smartphone: Battery Life.I consider myself a medium level user, I check my email, surf some web content, take pictures, text, and make a couple phone calls each day.  Every now and then a video or listening to music occurs but not daily.  With that being said I am also very particular about background apps and services running so I usually don't allow GPS, Bluetooth, etc to run in the background all day.  Once a day I also go through the app manager and kill certain things that don't need to be run.  With all this I average about 25%-30% of battery life a day.You might think, 'oh that's stupid, I don't want to be so obsessive-compulsive about my phones processes every day' and I agree, I recommend people like that to get a motorola razr maxx hd or an iphone if that is their opinion.  But that is what android was made for, people who want complete control over every process and nuance of their phone so that's why I like it.Now onto the operating system.Touchwiz does add its own flavor to android, and this was my first samsung so I was concerned that I might not like it.  Overall this is what makes me give it 4 stars instead of 5.  It can be annoying sometimes with the cartoon like styling of app icons or senseless animations. But I like other parts of it like the motion contols, to have a reminder when I pick the phone up if I didn't hear it initially.Finally the hardware.I think the phone looks great, a 720p screen is more than enough for me, to think that someone wants a 1080p display on a 4-5" screen makes me laugh.  Sorry Hawkeye but you're full of it.  Everything looks crisp and vibrant, the processor keeps up (most of the time). What a lot of people don't realize is you need to shut your phone off every few days.  It's not like a computer, it IS a computer, and just like any other computer, the RAM will build up to the point where you have very little RAM left and the computer runs like a snail.  Same thing with this phone, look at it after 3 days on for how much RAM is being used, shut it down and look after its back on, I bet the RAM has gone from 850mb-1000mb down to 500mb.Overall the phone works great, I have great service on 4G, and have (knock on wood) not dropped the phone from more than 2 feet high.

It has a great battery life for my uses.  I am not a phone gamer so the battery lasts about 10-12 hours with moderate, everyday use and taking pictures.  With light use it lasts more than 24 hours, and with heavy use, like taking pictures all day long it dies in about 8 hours.the Camera is perfect and it has quite a powerful flash.If you are an android lover as I am you'll love this phone.I have had it overheat a time or 2 while taking lots and lots of pictures for a long time.  But even though it shuts itself down (to protect itself from heat damage) you can turn it on again and it boots up very very quickly (about 30 seconds).It is lightening fast and can multi task, so you can switch between tasks quickly.

At first I was absolutely in love with my S3. There is never any lag to be found, whether you're swiping through home screens or playing the latest games. The camera quality is excellent and takes pictures much faster than previous phones I've owned. I've always been rather impressed with the battery for the most part, as it lasts a full day easily. Things aren't all perfect, however. Within a few days of owning my first S3 I began experiencing a "No Sim" error. This would cause the current text I was attempting to send, or the phone call I was trying to make, to fail. The issue only happened once or twice a day at first, so I ignored it, thinking it was simply a fluke or a tower issue. A few days later I continued having it, and decided to exchange my phone for another S3. Within several hours of firing up my second S3 I began having the same problem. I had my SIM card swapped out, thinking it could possibly be a bad SIM card, but still, no cigar. It has been roughly two weeks since I swapped phones, and I am now having the problem several times a day. The issue only happens when you attempt to send a text or call, making it especially frustrating, as it interrupts whatever you are doing. As much as I love the hardware behind this phone, I am finding it hard to justify as my primary phone, as it can hardly function as that. I'm hoping this issue is fixed, otherwise Samsung will find this thing floating around on Ebay, as I will gladly go back to an older phone.

I've owned this phone almost a year now and just now getting to reviewing it.It has to be one of my favorite phones yet and I've owned quite a few phones. The S3 is a great phone to own for beginners. It's a very easy to navigate phone. Straight out of the box it's easily accessible.You need a google account to set up your phone when you first turn it on. Google account will hold all in the information about all the apps you download, your number, and much more.If you set up Facebook to your phone it will give you the option to sync your friends list with your contact list. So all your friends information is straight at your fingertips.I like the phone's swype feature while texting when I can't use both hands for whatever reason or I don't want to turn down the volume but want to quietly text.The phone's ringer is loud. My only complaint is when I turn my phone on silent or vibrate it does NOT silent the alarms set. I've been at a funeral thinking my phone was on silent when my 3pm alarm went off and was louder than ever. How embarrassing.The call quality is very nice. I have very few times where I've dropped a call but that very well could be because of the area I was in and not the actual phone itself. You can hear your callers clearly and loudly. There is an option to have 'noise reduction' turned on/off and there is also an option for extra volume turned on/off while on a call.Another complaint I have is when I am on the phone and need to do something like text message I will hit the 'home' key located in the middle of phone on the bottom. It will put the 'call screen' down and I can go to my home screen and do what I need to do. Unfortunately when I go to slide down the notification window so I can get back to my call my phone locks up and turns off. Every time my finger gets to the top bar it turns off, when i lift my finger away from the phone it turns back on. It's VERY frustrating because normally I cannot go back and do anything with the call until they hang up and end the call. Sometimes I can get around this by continuously doing it and eventually getting the notification window to slide down but most of the time I cannot.The 8MP camera is fairly good quality. I have some instances where my pictures turn out blurry or grainy but that's more than likely due to the light source and or shaky hands and not necessarily the phones fault. There are a lot of different options you can do with the phone automatically out of the box. Changing the photo from a negative, sepia, black and white, cartoonified, washed out, show just yellow, just red, just blue, and just green, solarize, posterize, and warm and soft vintage. If you want to crop or edit your photos you will need to download a different app though because nothing comes with the phone to do this.The battery life is decent. I can usually spend a total of 8 hours total with non-stop internet use (Facebook, Twitter, browser, etc) and get down to about a 30% battery. It usually takes all day for my battery to go down. I don't know how battery life is with non-stop streaming videos on say Youtube or Netflix because I don't use those often but when my children have it took a bit to run the battery down.  It takes roughly 2-3 full hours to charge the battery from 5% to full charge. I have absolutely no complaints about the battery life of this phone. It has been excellent for me.Overall, this is a great phone. The complaints I have are minor and more than likely users fault not the phones.

While I love my Verizon Galaxy S III, i find it very annoying that one of the features it sells on the description page is Google Wallet, the app to make Payments over NFC. Until Verizon upgrades the software to Android 4.1 Jelly Bean, this app cannot be downloaded or used. The phone comes pre-loaded with Android 4.0.4 Ice Cream Sandwich, and is the Verizon is the only major carrier that hasn't updated their phones yet. the time to market for these updates through Verizon is just unacceptable. While I love the phone my next phone will be a Google Nexus phone which get updates as soon as Google finishes them, even if that means switching mobile providers.

i hate it so much, drops calls, email, its slowwww and has a terrible design... buy an iPhone 5 and avoid this product

Had this phone exactly one week and dropped it from knee height to a hardwood floor. Entire screen shattered, despite the fact it was in an Incipio case. It would be a remarkable phone, but it has a design flaw and Samsung provided the usual CYA response when I wrote to them. If you must have this phone, take along a silicone or heavy duty case because one tiny drop can mean a disaster.

I bought the Samsung over the Motorola Razr MAXX based on the recomendations of tech support and the people who deal with phones that don't work. They all said the S III was much more reliable. When it arrived it looked great. I charged it up, did the program and activation, and it sounded great. I downloaded my contact list from the "Backup Assistant", which lost all my personalized settings, of course, and that worked great too... And on the third day it will not power up at all! So now they are sending me a return shipping lable and I have to wait to get a replacement by UPS... I sure hope the next one lives up to the hype!Pretty phone... I wish it worked!

I'm addicted to this phone.  It's light weight, durable, and full of great features.  Don't bother being particular about the color.  If you plan on getting a cover than you'll never know what color the phone is.

Researched this phone for awhile before deciding to buy it.............I loved the price I got from amazon but admittedly gave verizon a chance to match which they chose not to do.................This phone is everything I read and heard about in the positve.

I switched to this phone from an iphone 4s.  I really wanted the iphone 5, but could not find one in stock anywhere and got talked into this phone.  I am glad that they talked me into it.  I love the large screen!  My eyes aren't what they used to be and it's so easy to read!I had never used an Android phone before so I had a bit of a learning curve because things weren't where I was used to them being.  I do miss the apple style software and if apple made a phone this size I would probably prefer it.  I am not crazy about Android based sofware, but it is OK.I do love the phone, can't really say I have any complaints about it at all excpet for accidentally hitting the volume key when I turn the power off.  Wish the power button was on the top, it would make it easier.  Other than that, I am a happy camper!

I really was not liking the options with the SGIII at first. Let me enumerate this a bit for you.1. The automatic WiFi pop-up was a little tough to swallow. In case you haven't heard, even with the WiFi turned completely off and having gone through the advanced options to make sure it doesn't come on, it actually is still on and scanning. If you've attached to a wireless network in the past, it remembers that connection and pops-up a dialog asking if you want to connect to it to save on your 4G data usage. Super annoying at first. But then I thought why wouldn't I want it to connect. Generally speaking, it's going to be just as fast (maybe faster if you've connected to an N router) so let it auto-connect. Saves on battery and it is fairly seamless. I just wouldn't connect it to a coffee shop network. Stick to the 4G for that.2. You can't download/install/move applications to your SD card. It all goes to the on-board system memory. To some, myself included, this is a problem. If I have an application on my phone and it goes bad, I want to be assured that the data is still retrievable on the SD card. Luckily, most of my applications have an auto backup feature. If my phone does die I don't have to worry a great deal. It's being backed up on-the-fly. Default your music and photos to be stored on the SD card and you're golden. Those are the big space-wasters anyway. Still, you should consider the pros and cons of the 16GB vs the 32GB GSIII.3. OK, it's a petty complaint, but this whole white cell phone thing that Apple started is dumb. The only other option is the "Pebble Blue", which is really an odd shade of purple. I dislike white and I don't want a blue phone. I figured a case would solve most of that. I know, I know... it's a dumb complaint, but I like my black and gun metal gray. *shrug*4. The camera is really nice! The bad part is that there are no built-in features for editing your photos save an option to crop. This is still a thorn in my side, but if I must download yet another app, I suppose I will.5. I was skeptical on the battery size and usage time. My Droid X (after customizations) would get about 12-14 hours on a single charge. That's going easy on texts, emails, browsing the web and Bluetooth usage. None-the-less, it was a decent amount of time for the 2nd-ish generation of Android smart phones. Especially when you compare it to the paperweight HTC Incredible. Happily the SGIII battery stands up to many hours of Bluetooth, texting, browsing and what-not with the same 12-14 hours. So I have really gained a considerable amount of usage time with the SGIII over the "X."6. There is no skepticism on this one; the screen is a-mazing! It truly blows me away every time I look at a picture or video.I've had the SGIII for one week and had zero issues with it. I would fall in love with my Droid X twice a week. Leaving behind all I had come to know and love about the "X" was tough. I've come to the understanding that comparing the tech in the SGIII with your outdated phone is night and day. Yes, you may like some of the features of your old phones' capability, but all-in-all you're going to really like the SGIII. Keep an open mind about it.Parenthetically, to those that are comparing this to the iPhone - stop. You either like apples or robots. If the iPhone works better for you, go get one and stop the bias commentary.

I purchased the Verizon Galaxy S III this past summer before i left for school in August. I have very mixed feelings about the galaxy sIII but have found that most of the time this phone works great for me. Personally, I feel that the size of the phone and the slim feel are great attributes but others may find it a tad too large for their hands. Also, I found that with a large case the phone can be very bulky, thus i purchased a smaller slimmer case and was much happier. The screen is great, no cracks and I have dropped it multiple times (whoops...). My only problem with the screen is in comparison to an IPhone, the resolution and pixels just are not as clear. Most of the physical aspects of the phone are great and fit me perfectly. My faults with this phone come in the operating system and software. The software is iffy with Verizon. I feel that on jellybean, the next android operating system, this phone would work much smoother and have less of a lethargic feel to it when scrolling through and general everyday use would be easier. Also, although the market is catching up, there are still some apps available on the apple market that are not available on the Google play store. Don't get me wrong i'm an android lover and really support all the great opportunities with android phones but compared to the newest Iphone 5 this phone does lack a little. Even with mixed reviews on the iPhone 5 and the lack of any real improvements to the phone, it still outperforms and looks sleeker than the GSIII in my opinion. Overall conclusion about this phone is that it looks and feels great, the operating system is a little slow and different from apples IOS which some may prefer but with JellyBean hopefully being released for this phone soon, we could see a huge improvement in this phones stats. I would recommend this phone to any android lover or someone in search of a smartphone cheaper than an IPhone 5. Its great for apps and everyday use and is very sturdy compared to many iPhones i have seen. Hopefully this helps!

Bought this phone for a non-tech savvy person who want to look more up-to-date.  Easy to set up and use and has a beautiful display.

This is the fifth Samsung Galaxy in our family.  My husband and all three sons have one and we all really like our phones.  Very dependable, fast, takes excellent photos, clear voice quality, tons of available apps, works seamlessly with Google, etc.  Our favorite &#34;fun&#34; feature is the S-Beam, it's so easy to take a photo or share a document by just bumping our phones together.  Great battery life.

My son ordered his first, and it worked  out for him, i was due for an upgrade as well,  so I decided lemme try it out.i got it and LOVED IT!!!

The Samsung S3 gives you more power for the price than any Iphone. Bigger screen more feature equals a happier customer. Voice command is not a gimmick like the Iphone. Verizon has just rolled out the jellybean OS and the phone is even better.I learned that the phone will give a voice news briefing each day at time you set. Giving you the weather and headlines for the day. That is pretty damn cool.

I like the phone but the screens are real weak  I broke one by just having in pocket and leaning against somthing

What most customer reviews fail to mention is the quality of the voice calls. I've been using the S3 for several days now and have decided that despite its gorgeous display (which comes with a much shorter battery life), processing power, and innovative features and user interface, it does not do well what I consider to be the primary purpose of a phone: allow you talk and people at both ends be able to hear your voice clearly. The microphone/speaker on the S3 is clearly inferior to the my old Motorola Droid X. People say my voice has a mechanical muffled quality, and their voices to me have a fuzzy, rasping quality. I've switched phones with my daughter, who owns an iPhone, and I've listened to her, and I can verify what others say about how my voice sounds speaking into the S3. I'm sorry to say that the S3 is going back to Verizon tomorrow while I'm still within my 14 trial period. I'll miss most things about the S3, but my main requirement must be met and the S3 doesn't cut it.

I use to be a huge Motorola fan, but after having this phone for almost 2 months now, I know know that I have been missing out.Love the phone overall. Read that some people had some "No-Sim Card" error. Only had this issue once, when i accidentally hit the sim card when I was changing the SD card out.Just recently Samsung came out with an update that "fixed" this problem.The cons that I have with this phone is that VERIZON got rid of the 50 GB dropbox offer for this phone, AND that Google wallet app is blocked by VERIZON.I have to note that Verizon is coming out with a phone payment system of their own, so I guess that's understandable for them to block competition.Another con is that the notification light for text messages stays lit a solid white/blue color till you acknowledge the new message.Other than those cons, I have to say that this phone is the best I have ever had.ONE RECOMMENDATION/COOL FEATURE: Is that using a cheap accessory (Micro USB Host *female*) you can attach a :Keyboard, mouse, even attach a thumb drive to your phone.The accessory I found to work for me is called "eForCity Micro USB OTG to USB 2.0 Adapter" It's $0.82 with free shipping, sold on amazon from Generic. It took a couple weeks to be mailed from China, but it's a cool adapter to have in my opinion.Hope this review helps out :)

The Samsung Galaxy III is definitely the best phone on the market right now for sprint(10/11/12. I read the poor reviews the phone has received and i'm not sure where they are coming from. I am seeing complaints on the Verizon network and issues about where the buttons are placed on the phone.....seriously? When I was ready to make a purchase for a new phone the available options were the Galaxy, One X, and Iphone, but the battery life, screen size, and 2GB of ram is what led me to this phone.I am coming from the Samsung Epic 4G which I disliked after 30 days so my first goal to achieve when receiving this phone was to find a reason to return the phone before the 30 day trial period. So I tried to get the phone to freeze, I simultaneously started updating and downloading my apps from my old phone, started opening apps, played YouTube video's, sending and receiving text messages, played with the camera, streamed movies from Netflix. I left all the apps open during this testing time and the phone did not freeze it just got really hot and lagged a little bit when sending the text messages but that was all. So i was satisfied.Over a month has passed and this is the best phone I have ever owned. The only compliant I had was the lag when pressing the main home button. Their was a second or so delay when pressing the button, so I found out if you take the S-voice shortcut off this button the delay disappears. Speaking of S-voice, I wasn't impressed, but i also don't use it.For those who own the phone or looking for more features of the functionality of the phone i would suggest visiting: Androidcentral.com- Click on forums- Scroll down until you find the Samsung Galaxy III forum- Click it- Then Click "Sticky: TouchWiz Nature UX: The definitive guide" This should be the fourth or fifth thread.The individual who wrote this review, did a really nice job.

I have used a lot of phone in my day but the s3 is awesome ! Great screen easy to see ,seemless operation ,with smart software not loaded with games and helpful hints along the way! It has a great camera front and rear and great sound ,this phone is on the front line of technology!

The GS3's sexy specs and glossy good looks (particularly in pebble blue) won me over.  On launch day, I swapped my beloved Droid Razr Maxx, for the Samsung Galaxy S3.  Prior to the Maxx, I briefly owned the Verizon version of the GNexus (which I can't recommend at all).  Before I get into the nitty gritty details, with pro's, con's and comparisons, at the time of this review, this is the phone you have been waiting for--the phone that will make you use that upgrade or cause you to sign a ridiculous contract with Verizon.  After spending ten minutes with the phone, it's an obvious step up from the Razr Maxx and Galaxy Nexus--the former top tier Android phones on Big Red's network.PerformanceAs much as I loved my Razr Maxx (and its marathon 2-3 solid days of battery life), after spending a few minutes with the GS3, the performance leap is very noticeable.  The GS3 is silky smooth, with no lagginess at all.  Apps (particulary heavy duty games like GTA III) launch quickly and are game play is flawless.  I know many of you aren't going to play anything requiring more than the occasional fling of a few angry birds, but the GS3's ability to handle hardcore mobile games with ease is a sure fire indicator that it will be able to run 99.9% of the apps out there in two years.  In other words, this phone has the chops to allow you to make it through your contract without starting a countdown for your next upgrade.How about some real world examples of the GS3's muscle?  The Qualcomm S4 chipset with an industry leading 2gb of Ram can cut through 1080p video files like butter.  Surprisingly, it was able to play back a 23.5 mbps AVCHD file using hardware decoding decoding!!!  I was even able to take play back the file with the video in screen, while I did a couple of google searches. The average $400 laptop would have a tough time handling that!The GS3 doesn't disappoint on the audio side either.  While HTC touts its Beats Audio Technology, that's nothing more than a brand name equilizer setting with limited value-- unless you're spend $100 or more on a beats headphones (which I personally don't care for).  Sammy, on the other hand, dropped in two Wolfson digital to analog converters, which allows the GS3 to pump out lossless high bit rate music with ease.  Using a pair of Etyotic HF3 IEM earphones, sound quality was crisp and clean for music playback.  Even lossy tracks streaming from Amazon Cloud sounded surprisingly full.  Much more so than on some other phones that I own.  In terms of music playback, the GS3 is every bit the equal of the iPhone and possibly a little better.The ScreenThe's GS3's 4.8", 720p HD screen is a stunner!  The Super AMOLED panel provides rich color saturation and outstanding contrast.  The panel used to make the screen is beautifully fabricated.  the slight curve in the design makes it a pleasure to touch.  Text is crisp and I see no issue with this most recent implementation of pentile technology.  The fuzziness from Galaxy S, GNexus and Fascinate is a thing of the past.  Watching videos on the GS3 is a treat.All is, however, not perfect with the GSIII's screen.  While the contrast and color saturation are strong points for the phone, if you like natural color tones, the pumped up saturation levels may bother you.  Personally, I would dial back the saturation level if I could.  The GS2 had a settings menu that allowed users to tweak brightness, contrast, tint and saturation.  For reasons I don't understand, that great feature was some how left behind on this next gen phone, which is a real pity.While saturation is a matter of taste, the real issue with the screen though is brightness.  Even cranked to 100%, the screen still seems to be a few nits behind the curve.  I would love to be able to dial up to 120%.  The maximum brightness is noticeably less bright than the screen on the Maxx (which Motorola sourced from Sammy).  So, what gives?  I am not sure, but my best guess is that in the interest of improving battery life and to compensate for the size of the screen (and the power that size screen will suck), Sammy choose to put a software restriction that limits the ability of users to pump of the brightness.  Hopefully, this can be cured by a future firmware update.While the brightness could use a boost, this deficiency is further amplified by awful auto-brightness implementation.  When auto-brightness is turned on, the phone makes sudden and drastic adjustments in brightness even in a consistently well lit setting.  It seems as if the software has only 3 settings for brightness when it is set to auto--low, medium and high (which isn't that high to begin with).  The phone will drop from high to low suddenly, leaving the screen unreadably dark.  Until Sammy sends out a software update to fix the problem, I have disabled the auto-brightness feature.Software ImplementationThe user interface for this latest version of touchwiz is really very nice.  This phone provides IOS levels of comfort and ease of use to a smartphone beginner, but allows the flexibility for the nerds among us to customize the phone to suit our needs and tastes.  CNET and Phonedog have done excellent video reviews on the GS3's user interface and software features and highly recommend that  you check them out (Amazon won't allow links to outside sites--so you'll have to google them).I do have a few software gripes, one of which could effect some peoples' buying decision.One of the purported advantages of the GS3 over its top competitors from the HTC One line of phones is the fact that the GS3's has a micro SD card slot and accepts up to 64gb cards.  Android allows must apps to be saved and launched from the micro SD cards.  This feature allows low and mid-range phones to be made with limited internal storage because users can add their own cards.Sammy, however, wants power users to buy the bigger capacity 32gig phones for an extra $50.  To force us to buy the step up model, Samsung disable the ability to move apps from internal storage to the micro SD card.  I am not sure of the size of the app partition in the phone, but I hope Sammy didn't put too big of a restriction on internal storage or that could be a problem for some people down the road.  I understand why Sammy made the decision to disable the feature, but it seems like a low rent Apple type move to me and, in fairness, the HTC One series doesn't accept SD cards at all (nor does the iPhone nor any of the current Windows 7 phones).Another small grip I have is with Sammy's decision not to incorporate ICS's native ability to generate folders for apps simply by stacking one app icon on top of another .  Motorola incorporated this feature on its ICS update to the Razr and its native to ICS, so why force us to have to press the menu screen, select create folder and than drag and drop files?  Sammy, that's very Gingerbread of you.  A good UI should use the strengths of the underlying Software and improve on the weakness--not just make changes for change sake.  This is one of the few areas that the Sammy's "Nature" UI seems to fall short.Battery LifeGripes are over for now. :)  The batter life on the GS3 seems pretty decent.  I have had it off the charge since 8:30 this morning (its 4:47 in the afternoon), and have been using the phone heavily.  Screen on time is about 2:53 minutes.  I have done some light web surfing--shopped on ebay and amazon for a new case for the sammy.  Send about 7 or 8 emails, 10-12 tests, and made about 80 minutes worth of phone calls.  Brightness is set to around 90% (auto-brightness is disabled).  I even played about 15 to 20 minutes of GTA III, and watch about 20 minutes of an episode of Lost on Netflix.  It's now 6:33 in the evening and the battery says it has 62% remaining.  I would still be in the mid-80's with the Razr Maxx and the GNexus would have been dead or on the charger a few hours ago.I would say the battery is good--but it's not close to being in the same league as the Maxx.  The fact that it is removable, however, does give it a major step up on phones like the HTC One (X-S), Razr (original), Sony ION, iPhone 4S and Atrix HD.  In short, if you are on Verizon and don't need the Maxx's 2 full days worth of battery life, I would take the GS3 over the Razr Maxx (which is exactly what I did).  [Edited 7/26/12: I ordered two 2300mah batteries with a wall charge from QCell for $24.00 from Amazon last week.  These batteries performed as good or better than OEM and had NFC capabilities.  This eliminated the need for a huge internal battery from my perspective, although there are plenty of 3500 and 4000mah extended batteries available for the GS3.  If you're coming from anything other than a flip phone or Razr Maxx, you will have no complaints about the battery life--This phone absolutely smokes my old iPhone 4 in terms of battery life).CameraThe camera on the GS3 gets top marks.  It uses an updated version of the same 8MP Sony sensor used in the iPhone 4S.  Unlike the iPhone 4S, there are options galore for tweaking your photos.  I am really impressed with the sharpness of the phones, even in low light.  Depending on the shot, the camera on the GS3 (and photo quality in general) is very comparable to photo quality on the Nokia 808  and iPhone 4S.Video quality is on par with the photo quality.  It shoots very smooth 1080p video.  Color is good and the video quality is genuine HD quality for most shots.  If you shooting a sporting events or other fast paced action, or are pan quickly, there is a lag in time while the camera gets in focus.  In fairness, I see the same issue with the iPhone 4S and I have yet to see a smart phone camera do better.  Audio quality on the camera is also quite good.Call Quality and ReceptionI have had no problems with reception at all.  Unlike its GNexus stable mate,  the qualcomm radio and baseband in the GS3 are top notch.  I have excellent signal strength on Verizon's network.  Call quality is excellent.  The people I called say that I sound like I am on a landline--and they sound just as clear to me.  Data on Verizon's 4G LTE Network is also strong.  I located in the metro NY area.  I am consistently pulling 18-24mbps download and 9-16mbps upload speeds on the 4G Network.  I get strong reception for Wifi and great broadcasting for Bluetooth as well.Comparison with CompetitorsI have no regrets about trading up from the GNexus to the Razr Maxx and even less regret about trading from the Maxx to the GS3.  Despite its plastic build, I think the phone does have a premium feel.  It's not as solid as the Maxx, but no one is going to look at the pebble blue version of the GS3 and thinks--that thing looks cheap.  It's comfortable to hold.  The HTC One X has a sharper, brighter screen and a camera that is on par with the GSC's.  The lack of a user removable battery is a big knock against the HTC One series however.  The iPhone is, well, an iPhone.  As nice as the iPhone 4S may be (and it's great phone), the lack of LTE capability and low data rates on Verizon's CDMA network make it a no go for me.  On ATT, however, it can take advantage of higher HSPA+ speeds, but ATT's network has been having some issues lately.  For that reason alone, if I am married to ATT or am on Sprint or Verizon for that matter, I am taking the GS3 over the iPhone 4S.ConclusionThis is a solid phone and a no brainer if you are on the market for a phone right now and have $200.00 in your pocket!

This phone is really bad on Verizon, the software is all buggy and the bootloader is locked.  Why would Verizon purposefully mess up their own phones?  Even the fixes out there for the dropped service and no sim error stuff don't seem to always work.  I've had a Galaxy S1 since launch day up until now and it's been great (Verizon... although your service has been riddled with huge mistakes and poor costumer support... I stuck with you because of the reception and because I loved my phone).My close friend has the S3 for AT&T; and it's just stellar.Whatever Verizon did to this phone made it really really screwy.  I exchanged mine for another but it had all the same problems.Luckily I was not under contract so I just returned it cancelled my  service with Verizon.Why Verizon???  Fire whoever is in charge over there.

Until just recently my husband and I had the same phone, Moto Droid X. I rarely dropped calls and had service everywhere. Recently I got the Samsung and he bought a new moto Droid. Now, we can sit next to each other on the couch and he has 3g and I can't even send a normal text message. I don't know who the problem lies with, Verizon or Samsung, but it needs to be fixed!

The price was the main feature of this purchase. And this was a very good choice for me.  I replaced a 2 year-old Stratosphere with this S III.  Takes me a bit to find where everything is and how it works but things are coming together.

Let me preface my comments by stating that I'm a huge fan of most all of Samsung's products. I've owned several Samsung phones of the past several years and have always been very pleased.I purchased this phone for use on Verizon's network. All previous Samsung products have been on T-mobile. I'm not sure if my problems are Samsung related, Verizon related or a combination of the two but something is bad wrong. About 40% of the calls can not be heard by people who I call or who call me. I can always hear them but it's completely hit or miss with them hearing me.Concerning the responsiveness I will say that the S2 from T-mobile was much more responsive than the S3 on Verizon although the specs for the S3 are far superior. Data is great and speeds are incredibly fast.I've seen multiple review all over the internet with this issue but Verizon is insistent that there are no known issues. They are being accommodating with return/exchange within their 14 day policy.

I bought this phone for my son.  He is very happy with the look and performance of this phone.  It was a very good buy.

Nothing is perfect, but this is pretty close. I bought this as an upgrade to replace a 1st generation Samsung Stratosphere. This phone does everything exponentially better. I do miss my slide-out keyboard.Did I mention the much improved battery life?

Good god, this is a great phone!Upgraded from an original Droid that i've been using for years, huge improvement.

After two weeks of use I keep learning more about this amazing phone. Some of the negative comments are clearly from people who haven't learned the system. Some people are too stupid to use a smart phone!  Most of the cons result from Verizon. I will never use their money grubbing built in apps, but you can't delete them!  Also, after 12 years with unlimited data, Verizon now insists on charging for  data usage. Apple is clearly the most greedy company in the world but Verizon is up there too!

Just back from a trip to Italy, France, Switzerland, the U.K., and Iceland.  I took the phone into my local Verizon store to be specifically set up for this trip.  There, they installed updates, activated Global Roaming, and as soon as the phone arrived in Europe it became totally useless for making any calls or sending texts.  At least it was useful with WiFi when that was available.  Needless to say, this is not a phone (on Verizon's network at least) that I would recommend to anyone planning on European travels.

never had a phone like this, I had one of the older phone with the keyboard. but I am getting the hang of it,this phone can do so much and I just love it now.

Well, this is my first &#34;real&#34; smartphone. I was undecided between this phone (pebble blue) and the HTC Incredible (Beats edition). In the end, I opted for the Samsung because there are may accessories that you can buy to go with it, an option the HTC didn't have. So far I've purchased the flip cover, bluetooth and stylus. I think the stylus was a waste of money, though. I will probably buy the docking station. Couldn't beat the price on amazon.com. I wish the icons were nicer, but I'm finding out &#34;there's an app for that&#34; so at least I know I can change them if I'd like. It was very easy, I brought the phone to my local Verizon store and they got me all set up. I have no idea what this phone can do, but I'm learning little by little.

Less than two years after purchasing an HTC Incredible, which was a state of the art phone at the time, I decided to upgrade to the Samsung Galaxy SIII a few weeks ago. And what an upgrade it was. I admit, I thought about buying the iPhone 5 and even the 4S on Verizon, but after my wife got the 4S and I spent some quality time with the phone, I was less than impressed with all of the hype. And after being tied in to the Android/Google operating system for the past few years, I wanted some continuity. Let me tell you, I am not looking back.The SIII is an incredible phone (much more so than my prior phone, regardless of the name). On the hardware, the screen is crisp and the user interface is intuitive through ICS. I like having a dedicated menu button and the lack of such hardware-based menu button on the iPhone made it a frustrating experience for me. The SIII is also an unusually large phone, but it is intended to be a content consumption device, although its size may be a deterrent for some. The only downside is that the lock button is on the right side of the phone directly across from the volume toggle button that also controls the ringer volume/vibrate/silent status and not on the top of the phone. This placement has caused me to unintentionally change the ringer status while trying to lock the phone given how I hold the phone. But besides that tweak, the hardware is solid and the camera is great. Notwithstanding other reviews here, I found the actual design and form factor of the phone to be a positive.As for the software, I have no complaints. In fact, the more I use the phone, the more I like it. Tap into the Google Play store to load your favorite apps, and the SIII feels and functions as good as or better than any desktop or laptop I have ever had.  I recognize that in another few months, there will likely be a better phone in the market, but this phone feels like a jump in technology and innovation from just a short while ago. And the good news - I am glad I don't have the iPhone and don't feel left out at all.

I can't use Google wallet because Verizon blocks it? Google wallet lets you pay for things with your cell phone (Just swipe your phone across the pad like a credit card) a major feature one of the reasons I bought the phone. Nowhere on the description for this phone did they mention that. Having an annoying WIFI popup blocking out the screen every time I want to go on the web. I also have issues with poor 3g and 4g signals much worse than my old Samsung Charge. I received an update and it made 3g even worse, this is yet another software problem. I have a friend with a Sprint Galaxy S3 and he has none of these issues, the other day I look over at him and he is online, meanwhile I fight with a wifi popup and then find out I don't even have a signal? it's the same phone for goodness sake. I have phone envy and its the same phone. LOLThis the same phone as Sprint AT&T; and T Mobile but Verizon changed the software crippling it's potential and ruining an otherwise good phone. Just about every single app I download for it that is listed to work on the Galaxy S3 doesn't. I have contacted three of the developers (people who wrote the apps) and they all told me the Verizon version of this phone is nothing but a head ache for developers its software is a nightmare. I have had to Factory reset my phone four times because of these incompatibility reasons. I contacted Verizon and they told me the software is different because of security reasons???? and that using software like the other companies use (Sprint AT&T; and T Mobile) will diminish the Android experience! Being able to use half the apps that the other phones have and having your phone lock up on half of the ones you are told you can down load....what an experience nice work Verizon. If you really want this phone don't get the Verizon version you will regret it I certainly do.  Verizon was just told by the FCC that its practice of charging people for Tethering is now illegal.  Shadey business practices, I wish I could have all that money I had to pay for tethering back since what they were doing was wrong enough to now be illegal.I'd like to add this comment to my review because I think it clears up why I rated it the way I did.  It was in reference to a review that chastised other reviewers for giving bad reviews to the phone because of Verizons modifications."In all fairness this is a review specific to the Verizon model not the entire Galaxy S3 line. You cannot judge a phone on hardware or software alone but how the two work together and the experience this Synergy provides. I have had the opportunity to use both a Sprint and a T-Mobile version and the difference is immediately noticeable, the phones startup much faster, the opening verizon screen is the most tacky sickenly bright annoying loud stratup screen to date for one. The other phones mentioned are both tasteful and lightning fast in getting to the home screen from the phone being off Verizon models are slow to get to the home screen and then blind you with a bright white screen with tacky red purple lime green circles and an annoying bell sound. I'm embarrassed and do my best not to start my phone up in a quiet public place .....Lol My friend with a T-Mobile S3 ribs me everytime I start my phone up and calls it the "Neuralyzer" after the mind eraser that Will Smith uses in Men in Black. Every time I start it up in a dim area it lights up my face like a flashlight sets off a string of alloying bell sounds takes forever to get to the home screen..... and my friends just start chuckling.......... The lack of Google wallet ...I still have yet to have anyone able to explain why this Verizon doesn't allow you to use it? When they comment on my review they never seem to touch on this glaring short coming. Who are they to say what app I can or can't use? It is my phone right? Wifi popup drives me nuts, the other phones do not have this, why would Verizon add an extra unnecessary step that has to be repeated every time you want to use an operation that uses 3 or 4g? There are countless apps that have all varients of the Galaxy S3 listed but not the Verizon model (now that hackers have found a way around Verizons modifications of the phones software it has changed a bit but you have to hack your phone to get to the point all other Galaxy S3's are straight from the box?) I'm just scratching the surface here, bottom line the Galaxy S3 is an awesome phone and if you can hack the software you are golden but this is a reveiw for the Verizon model and it is different from all the other models and not in a good way hence the poor reviews."Did you know about these problems? I didn't hopefully I helped educate you and helped you make up your own mind as to which phone and or provider to choose.

I chose the GS3 over the GS4 because the price has dropped so much and I am trying to save money. I don't regret my decision at all because the GS3 is still a very good upgrade from my Samsung Droid Charge. It seems easily as fast as my Nexus 7 and I haven't found anything that won't run on it. Google Now is also much more useful in a phone than a tablet. Overall, I expect to be very satisfied with this phone for the next 2 years.

I've only been a Verizon customer about three weeks, but so far this has been the most horrendous experience. The phone works great most places, but at home I get "NO SIM" error, "Mobile network not available", even though I live in the middle of the city and the phone shows full bars. As soon as I hit "send" on a text message, or "CALL" to place a call, the phone drops out of service. Other Verizon phones work perfectly here and never drop out of service. I am two phones and two SIM cards later, and the problem persists. I should have never switched from Sprint. Verizon is unable to give a clear answer, and unfortunately, I'm past my 14-day return policy. I feel like I'm pigeon-holed into keeping this service now. What's the point of having a phone if you can't place calls or send SMS messages? Otherwise, the phone is shiny, pretty & has a beautiful screen. I can surf the web and play games on it. I'm essentially locked into a 2-year, $110 per month contract on a 4.8" tablet. That's really all I can use it for. Yay!

This phone is amazing. great picture, easy to use and automatically downloaded the aps i had on my other phone! The price was insanely cheap, and much lower than at verizon wireless. the reason for 4 stars you ask? first, the charger plug in is on the bottom. which makes it hard using a car charger in a cradle. and secondly, and the biggest one, the placement of the buttons. power and volume exactly across from each other. its hard to hit one without the other while holding the phone normally with one hand. lastly there is no mini hdmi port......hope this review helps some of you.

I loved my Motorola Droid 2. While I heard of others having issues, mine was spectacular. When it died I hoped my next smartphone would be at least as good, and a lot of people spoke highly of the Samsung Galaxy S III. Since buying it I have been disappointed in the battery life --and I see in the reviews that many have the same opinion. The hotspot is the absolute worst I have ever experienced, getting at most a displayed 480k connection, and then failing to connect the attached clients to the Internet. Even as a tether with a 3rd party app, the connectivity is pathetic. The voice quality could be better, the phone often distorting the audio when its loud enough to hear the other party. However, its camera ability is great and there's no better display out there. But make sure you have it plugged in to a power source if you plan to watch a movie on it. The display really sucks up the battery. In all, I will get along with the phone, but it will never be a favorite and I wish I'd chosen a different one now that I've had a few weeks to use this one.

The product arrived on-time and works mostly as advertised.But it's the dealing with Verizon that always sours an experience. They claim that all their smart phones are unlocked, but they don't tell you that the unlocking does NOT apply to data -- unless you know to ask specifically, in which case you probably already know their game.

The S3 is a great phone for people on other carriers. Verizon is the only carrier that decided to encrypt the bootloader, and the advertisement for Google Wallet  is not true, Verizon blocks that as well. So either learn how to mod your phone, or be disappointed by a subpar crippled phone because of Verizon.

I was waiting so long for this phone.  Let me first tell you what is good :- Very fast processor- Display is amazing quality, but not very bright.  You can't see it in the sun- Camera is great - almost no lag - panoramic feature is excellent- Has NFCI have a long commute and usability of my smartphone in the car is important to me.  I replaced my Droid Bionic with this phone.  I don't think the designers really tried this phone in the car.1) Voice Recognition speed is terrible- Many times, I thought there was a problem with the phone until I got used to being patient for a good period of time.2) Default MP3 player does not work in the background.3) When using GPS, MP3 player and phone at the same time the device does not properly recover.4) When connected to car stereo and getting a phone call, there is no sound played on the stereo; dead air.  If I turn on my hands free speaker phone then the phone correctly plays on the car stereo.5) Many times, when I click on the on button, nothing happens, had to do multiple times or take out the battery.6) This maybe an OS issue, Youtube app is missing the record button!7) No great choice of car dockToday, I dropped this phone accidentally when getting out of my car.  It dropped about 3 ft on pavement.  It is completely dead.I'm going to replace it with either a Motorola or wait and take a look at the 4G iPhone.

For those that have rated this phone as 1 star, nearly all those issues have been fixed by verizon, or through other methodsBut anyways, before I had owned the HTC Rezound as my first phone, and when switching to this phone, I was shocked into disbelief at how fluid this phone was compared to my last.The screen is bigger than most, the internal components make this phone by far one of the best currently on the market. And whats better is that the new 4.1 software is soon to be releasedfor this phone on Verizon, making it even greater than before. Though I hate the fact verizon places so much crap software on this phone, you can't deny that this phone is just incredible.

The samsung galaxy s3 is an awesome, but no matter how many inquiries to make certain my Verizon phone would come with the Verizon simcard, and Amazon assuring me it would, still the phone came to me without the necessary Verizon simcard.Lucky for me, my local Verizon store supplied the necessary simcard, installed it, and set up the phone for me. Keep in mind, I searched Amazon specifically with the description "Verizon" Samsung Galaxy S3.

This Samsung Galaxy SIII my first smartphone, so I'll admit that I don't have a lot of experience to compare this phone against others. So take this short review with a grain of salt.The phone itself is great. Makes wonderful calls, has beautiful screen and has a wonderfully smooth feel to the glass screen. The performance has been wonderful, and I haven't had any application incompatibilities so far.The camera is wonderful. My brother and I were competing against each other to take the best picture of our dad who was running in a race (aka. an action shot), and we both agreed that this phone did better than his really nice digital SLR camera.The biggest (and only) shortfall is that this phone has poor battery life from what I'm used to with past "dumb phones." When I don't use it that much, the battery will last about a day and a half. However, if I'm doing GPS navigation or taking pictures, the phone's battery will drain very quickly. Of course, battery life is highly dependent on settings that the owner has configured for the phone. Also, I live in a rural area with poor cell-phone signal (no matter what carrier), so that has largely impacted my phone's battery life. I would expect that if I went to a less rural area, the battery life would increase substantially.The phone comes with the following:-The Samsung Galaxy SIII Smartphone-Ear bud headphones with microphone, call control button, and volume adjustment-Battery-Charger with USB to micro USB cable

Spent yesterday activating the Galaxy S III, setting it up and becoming familiar with its functionality.  Checked out much of the esoteric workings, and finally decided to place a phone call.  Thirty tries later I concluded that the most important function of a cell phone was missing.  I could hear the person on the other end, but they couldn't hear me (dead silence).I hadn't muted the microphone, I hadn't covered it with my hand, I had the volume advanced, I called several different phones and I tried the speaker phone all to no avail.  At the same time and place, I had no problem placing and receiving calls on two inexpensive Verizon cell phones.  Finally I decided to record my voice on the Galaxy S III, and If I shouted into the mic and played back the recording I could just barely hear my voice with the volume cranked.  I reset the phone and started over; same problem.  I tried several tricks folks reported using on other forums to solve this problem (I'm not alone apparently); still no luck.Talked with Amazon Wireless and Verizon on a three way conversation this morning.  Verizon's solution:  reset the phone, which I had already done.  Next step: return the phone, but I'll try a RAZR MAXX this time around.  Too many people with the same problem even after several Galaxy S III replacements.Amazon Wireless Service rep handled himself beautifully in responding to my need for a replacement, and I will have the new phone tomorrow.  Big atta boy for Tony S.

This is a must have if you want the freedom of doing anything you want to do with a cell phone.  No problems here!!!
