
I was scared to buy over the internet the phone was great and the company was better. I needed and up grade and this phone was the perfect choice ...

Got it , it's a AT&T but worked with t-mobile, excellent choice.

Because of extensive traveling, I find the unlocked version a must.  A little more expensive but worth the extra cost.  I would highly recommend this phone to my friends.

Holy SUGAR, HONEY, ICE, TEA! This i717 is AWESOME! I already gotten it Rooted. Deleted most of the Bloatware, AT&T apps mostly. I use this Phone/Tablet for movies purpose mostly. My Better-Half loves her movies on it. With a screen size over 5 inches, who wouldn't. The price was very good as well, for $307.00 with S&H included. Came brand new & unlocked, so you can use it with any Carrier that uses a regular Sim Card. The package came a ith all the necessary standred items, like USB Cable, Charger & instruction booklet. Very fast response, came with 4.0.4 I upgraded it to 4.1.2 without any upgrade though AT&T network, very nice colorful bright screen, easy to hold in your hand(s), if you have medium or large hand(s). It is just a great phone/tablet. S&H was bad, just came a day late, no problem!

This phone is amazing it was purchased a few weeks for my mother before she went to Africa (Sierra Leone to be exact) and she  switched to another Sim card while in Africa and it worked perfectly. We were able to communicate clearly just as we did when the phone was used in the US. The internet is also very fast with the 3G network from Simple Mobile and I believe that's mainly because it is an international phone so the range goes a whole lot farther. The only problem we noticed is that the battery needs to be charged quite often when it is used to surf the web and GPS is used. The seller is also very reliable.

It really comes with ICS and its upgradeable to Jelly Beam by Kies. It's fast, big but thin, high resolution.....all I look in a phone.

This item is suppose to be unlocked, it isn't my battery came swollen, the camera lens was also scratched abd the s pen will not stay in its slot, I'm not even confident the item is new.... I literally cried

Purchased this for my wife, was great!  The only thing I have a problem with is the battery, the battery doesn't last long, I have to charge it just about every night!  Great phone though, I am planning on getting another for myself.

description stated Galaxy note 2 and I received a Galaxy Note.  , Not the galaxy note 2. I paid for.

This phone is great. I have been using is for 3 mths now.It is unlocked as described and all you need to do is provide the sim card. It works very well and it is fast. It can play most games and other applications. I like that it has a lot of space As i download a lot of stuff.I have rather big hands and the keyboard on the screen is big enough to accommodate my fingers without making too many mistakes. The screen being big is also a good thing since it makes things such as text easier to see so you can do other things such as reading a book for example.The 8 mp camera takes great clear photos and the video isn't bad either.It comes with Android Gingerbread (v 2.3) but with the Samsung Keis software you can easily upgrade the phone to Jellybean (v 4.1.2)What I don't like about this phone is the the battery life is VERY poor.

I Purchase The White By Accident I Was Upset But Then Me And The Phone Started To Get Along Every One Told Me I Had A Big A** Phone That They Wanted To Buy It From Me So , But I Couldn't Do It Because I Enjoy  It To Much .. &#62;&#62;&#62; ThanksAlthough I Thought The Seller was A Little Rude .

I love the phone but had two (2) UNFORTUNATE experiences with it. The 1st onebecause it was not unlocked as claimed. The 2nd one had a charging and speakerproblem. The jack into which to charge the phone was faulty. It appeared to methat the second phone was a refurbished one and not new. So I was unable to useeither of them. VERY, VERY DISAPPOINTED

I must say I am extremely happy with this purchase. The phone it self is worth every penny. I honestly love all the apps it comes with and the options it gives you for sms etc. The camera is great it takes hd quality pictures & video cam is the same. I skype on the phone frequently and the front facing camera is great as well my video is clear on skype. The phone worked perfectly on the straight talk network, I just bought the sim card from straight talk and the 45 dollar unlimited  bundle and was able to activate the phone with ease the only thing is that once you activate this phone on the straight talk website your call and texting will work however to get on their data network you must update ur apn setting to straight talk but not to worry its very easy to do so just contact straight talk like I did and they will guide you from there and it will only take you around 5 minutes total and there you are done and can enjoy your phone fully. Your welcome. P.S I would call in the early morning because they close at 12 in the afternoon eastern time. But over all this is a great phone with exellent features especially like the stylus pen, I really enjoy using it because its fun and conveintent.

it is awhsome ' no problem's turned into a straight talk very simple ; thankyou for a great phone ; for enyone looking to get everything and no contract go for it

EXCELLENT PRICE ,THE CUSTOMER SERVICE WHERE I GOT THIS ON AMAZON WAS GREAT UPDATED PERFECT AND EASY WORKS PERFECT FOR A HALF PRICED UNLOCKED PHONE I RATE THIS 5 BECAUSE OF THE PEOPLE I BOUGHT THIS FROM ,THE PRICE ,THE USEABILITY I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PHONE FOR ANYONE WANTING A LARGER PHONE

I got this phone today, man it looks nice with a big screen you can stream your favorite video and the came with everything inside, the headphone and so on.

Although the phone was brand new, looked and worked really well,and  was &#34;unlocked,&#34; it turned out that our cellphone provider (and several others) cannot activate this type of phone. Also, for the price, I thought it was the Galaxy Note II or III, not I. So I feel like I payed too much for it.

I got this phone a little more than a year and a half ago and its still kickin asssPROSGreat screen size, very nice view, high brilliance and definition, HD LED.Rugged yet slim construction, very high quality, resistant to intenste impacts, pratically waterpoof with good skin.Great android interface, you can get jellybean installed if it isnt already very easily, live chat support from samsung will also be happy to take you by the hand to do it.Great for games, reading, webrowsing, working.amazing camera, 8mp i think. HD video, great Recorder, specially if your a creative musicians and want to do some quick field recording, quality is so good you can work it on your DAW software and get decent CD Quality.CONSThe microusb charging dort had to be replaced as it stopped functioning, no charge nor usb 2 computer capabilites, luckly Kies software as it works by wifi or blutooth, still slow compared to standard 2.0 usb ports.The sylus pen, you can use it, but you cant really write or draw very precisly, ive worked on this for almost two years, i draw, trust me, this stylus feature is not something youll be using alot, its not that good, if ever the time comes you want to use it.Battery Life is very poor, this is because of the huge output on the fantastic HD LED sreen, but ANKER sells on amazon these great wallcharger and 2 higher ampage battery for like 25 bucks, better quality than stock battery.CONCLUSIOnThis is an outstanding phone for a smartphone power user. This is what you want to get if you don't want to have both a phone and tablet, its small enough to be a phone, and large enough to be a tablet.Ive had this phone for almost two years and still dont find convinced to switch, not even to my wifes and friends S3's and nexus phones.If you want this type of screen for your daily use, i recomend to get the Note II, its faster, stylus pen works alot better.Samsung should put in better quality usb port charger. malfunction of this part happens to all galaxy models eventually.

I purchased this phone because I thought I was buying an unlocked phone without any carrier.  This phone has AT&T logos all over it and the box it came in looked like it has been open and smashed.  After careful review I think this phone may have been refurbished and they are selling it as new unlocked.  What a Joke!  I expected better from Amazon!

This phone is marvelous. I really love the size of the screen. A plus was, this phone came already rooted. After having this phone I wouldn't want to get another one. For me it was perfect. Very fast with lots of options. I am very happy with this purchase.

I am very satusfied with this phone, but I had a little trouble finding a good protective case. This company didn't send the stylus pen and the battery runs down too fast when you use the internet. They sent the shortest wall charger I have ever seen!

love it  ...i have had no issues so far...came on time and was in perfect condition...would not trade it for the world..

LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT!!  Love the size of the screen and ease of operation!  So FAST!!!!  Could not be happier!

I would give them 5 stars but they haven't sent me a new battery yet. I am still waiting but when they do I will update my review.

Phone got here quickly, in good shape and was new. I purchased it from Top 10 cells and, as promised, it was carrier unlocked. I am a T-mobile user and had written down all the apn information expecting to have to set up data access, voice mail and so forth, but nope, as soon as I inserted the SIM it realized it was T-mobile and automatically set those functions up. I also used Samsung's Kies program to quickly update the included Android version from ICS to Jellybean (which it did with no problems). Since I'm using a T-Mobile Sim, I won't be getting 4g speeds but if I'm in an area where T-Mobile has refarmed their 3G to the 1900 band (some larger cities) you will still get some pretty awesome speeds. Since this is an ATT phone I was absolutely amazed at the amount of bloatware that carriers place on their phones (I have always used non-carrier unlocked phones in the past). This includes stuff like ATT Navigation (an app with a monthly charge that does not work as well as the free Google Maps included in Android). Because of the amount of bloat apps which can not be uninstalled in a non-rooted phone I rooted the phone, which was simple to do by following directions on the web. The easiest way is probably to search YouTube for a video explanation on how to root this model. After rooting the phone I uninstalled all the unneeded apps which increased the smoothness and speed of the phone.This phone now has 90 percent of the functionality of the new Note 3 at a fraction of the cost. It is still a large phone with a beautiful screen that works really well. Remember, this phone first came out towards the end of 2011, so there is a bit of lag compared to the newest powerhouses, but you still get the stylus, can run any Android app, and have a very clear, bright screen. Although this is a large phone you don't feel or look too funny using it to place or take calls, and the size makes video viewing and web browsing great compared to using a phone with a 3.5-4.5" screen. If you're willing to invest an hour or two in rooting (make sure the phone works first since rooting will probably void your warranty) and de-bloating this phone is a fantastic value.

I bought this phn for my wife to use in tijuana BC, later I found out it was unlocked for AT&T and tmobile, and that I could not return it after 14 days .that suc"s. , we'll I tride to use this phone on AT&T in California ,it doesn't work  cause the seller lied.this phone was stolen and reported, AT&T deactivated this phone.its now a useless paper weight. Thanks pander202 .also it's not colbalt blue,it's black.

The device wouldn't read the sim card (which worked in 2 other devices, so i know it wasn't the sim card). Also, description said it came with a stylus pen.  It didn't and i had to order one separately

Phone worked great on Wi-Fi, but wouldn't accept my Consumer Cellular Sim card.  Very Disappointed, So I returned it for full refund.

Only negative to this phone is lack of message alert light. Have to turn screen on with power button to check for messages. Otherwise I love everything about the phone and using with Straight Talk.

This phone is supposed to be brand new, but it has got scratches on the screen. I was short changed

just what i was looking for it does everything, i love the size of iti recommended it to anyone that need a big screen phonethank you amazon.

..its bigger than i thought it would be, but you get used to the size. Videos and pictures look huge! and it has gorilla glass... I'm in love with my new phone!

Hi, guys I am from Venezuela and must say all these m&oacute;vils are really nice and work well for a year or so. Take care about all AT&T Unlook telephone after a while you will have problems with that. I don't know why AT&T telephones have and IMEI issue it just disapear. You only can get it back if you know something about andrid system or if you do a IMEI file backup, but if not you are screw. be aware.

item has a lot of features and I love it, I really don't have much to say this is it

I am very pleased with my Samsung Note. It arrived on time, it was packaged well and I'm enjoying it very much. I rate this item a 10+.

I am completely in love with this phone!! i have had it for several months now and I am still in love! probably one of the best buys I have bought in awhile. Tons of apps that are very useful and i go through a local carrier that uses sims card and it worked as soon as i put it in. Ive had no problems at all with it so far and honestly hope it last me forever!!! great buy

I thought I was buying a clean phone ....... nope;  It was loaded with a pile of annoying ATandT Ap's.  My problem I have T-mobile.  The phone itself is perfect.  This is my first smart phone. I love the big screen.  A woman/girl would hate it; it takes two hands to operate it. I had it in three days.  They sd 5.  Perfect company; perfect phone.

Hi Amazon , I bought two Samsung galaxy note i717 to you, but I would like to put Trade square protection plan for 2 years on my phone. PLEASE

If u want a good phone that you can use on any GSM network, especially Straight Talk, ATT&T or T-Mobile I would strongly recommend that you buy this phone.

Overall a great phone its not the most new note but it gets the job done the software update made it like a note 2 so overall I am happy with my debice

The phone does not work on any network it says network unavailable I can't figure out what's wrong with it I spent 300 for nothing just a waste of money

I facilitated this purchase for a friend to whom it it was recommended. They like it and is excited/amazed at what it can do.

I must start by saying &#34;I love my new phablet&#34;.  To be honest the seller did not truely described how pristine the device was; literally. The package included  a brand new charger, protective screen and a hard case. I must say I got more than what I payed for.Pros: A huge screen, Lots of apps, S-Pen is wonderful,Cons: The batteryAll in all apart from the battery its an alround device that gets me through the day

This phone is one of the best phones I've ever had. It is fast, pictures are very clear, lots of application ,the camera is powerful. I recommend for any one looking for a smart phone.

I bought this note on September, I've read a lot of reviews regarding its compatibility with wireless carriers, all I can say is that it's working on my carrier, Metropcs in south Florida, great 4g speed where available, I guess they are using t-mobile network cause they are receiving sim card phones, average call quality, overall I'm happy with my purchase.

Not happy with phone, can't write on screen as described in description, bummer, describe as Carbon blue not black, they are a slightly different in color, just not real happy, arrived late, and phone sometimes freezes, keep me off the internet, can't answer phone at times, calls don't go through and this morning tried making calls and it just didn't do anything, very very much disappointed in this phone and company. Tired contacting two other times.........

Love this galaxy note. Thinking of buying another one for my wife. Wish the battery would last longer though. I would highly recommend any one who is looking for unlocked cell phone.

I bought the Galaxy Note SGH-i717 for my wife as a way to replace her 3 year old "plain" cell phone.  She'd seen me using my work-provided Droid X2 for the past two years, and was finally fed up with the tiny thing she was using.  Plus AT&T; was charging her a premium for every text message that she would receive since her plan was voice-only.The Note arrived in brand-new condition, and a power cable with a microUSB connector, along with a pair of ear buds were included in the box.  However, it did NOT come with a microUSB data cable, so I was fortunate that I could use the one that came with my Droid X2.I put the battery in the phone and powered it up.  After the AT&T; splash screen went away and the home screen appeared, I checked the settings and verified that the phone had Android "Ice Cream Sandwich" loaded on it.  So the very next thing I did was make sure the battery had a sufficient charge to handle an update to the Android OS, then I downloaded and installed a program called "Samsung Kies" on my laptop.  That program detected the phone and notified me that an upgrade to Android "Jelly Bean" 4.1.2 was available, so all I had to do was hit okay and leave the phone connected to my laptop while the program took care of the update.30 minutes later the phone was updated and everything looked fine.  The appearance of the user interface is just like the one on my wife's Samsung Galaxy Tab 2, which thankfully meant a smaller learning curve for her.  The response time was quicker than I would've imagined for a 2 year old phone, and the depth of color and the crispness of the display was fantastic.  I connected the phone to the house wi-fi and began the process of updating every app on the phone as well as downloading stuff I knew she'd want.A gripe I had at this point was the amount of AT&T; branded software that was on the phone, with their icons cluttering a couple of the screens.  I did what I could to clean out as much of the icon clutter as possible since I couldn't uninstall the software, then began the process of migrating her cell service from AT&T; to Straight Talk.  The migration process was not without its issues since I had to be sure my wife knew her pin, etc on her AT&T; account before we could even attempt to move her number over.  Fortunately we got that resolved quickly, and then we followed the instructions in the Straight Talk "BYOP kit" that we bought from Walmart to complete activation of the SIM and the porting of her phone number.During the process of the migration, the Straight Talk website advised that it could take anywhere from 2 hours to 2 days to complete the transfer from AT&T.;  Fortunately for us, however, it only took about 90 minutes to get service up and running on her phone, and yes, I was able to verify that she was getting 4G LTE speeds.We were also warned that if we let our service lapse with Straight Talk, my wife would lose her phone number.  Since we'd just gone through all that trouble to port it over, we decided to enable the auto-refill option (requires a credit card) and also installed the Straight Talk app (available for free on Google Play) so that we could keep track of her service status.From a usability standpoint, one of the biggest things I've noticed over the past 24 hours is that the battery charge gets consumed rather quickly.  I'm not sure if it was due to the fact that we had wi-fi enabled or not, but within 5 hours I was plugging the phone in to charge it.  Charging took about 90 minutes to complete, which was refreshing since my Droid X2 takes 2-3 hours, but an hour later her phone's battery charge level was at 81%.  Others have mentioned this problem, so I know we're not alone here.Still, I'm hoping there's something that can be done, short of rooting the phone and uninstalling the bloatware, to improve battery life and efficiency.  (Note: While I've seen that a bigger battery is available for the phone, its reviews were rather poor)  Alternatively, I may have to give her one of those portable charging units that she can use to extend battery life when she's not near a plug-in.  I use a "Photive Powerbank" for my Droid X2, for example and it lets me double my use time between actual chargings.Overall, the phone itself is fun to use and has far better capabilities than my wife was expecting for her first smartphone.  She loves the big screen and has already sent a multitude of free texts to at least one of her friends.  Given the price of the phone and the power it has, the Note should serve her needs much better and cheaper than if we had gotten a newer phone from a provider and tied ourselves to a 2 year contract.

So far the best smartphone i ever owned. It is big and it came ready to use. I only had to slide in my sim card and enjoy

Even though the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 came out this year, this phone is still a great phone. The screen is big and it's fast. The shipping was fast too. I will recommend this to anyone!

I am not sure if this is the problem with the one i bought or with this model itself. it has some very obvious issues1. The phone is very slow.2. the signal points always show 2 points, while other mobiles show full signal for the same sim in the same location.3. Every click or touch takes a bit of time to respond, which is very annoying.i dont think i will trust this phone again. returning the phone second time..

Just received my galaxy note and it is big. I buy Samsung's and they are to me the best i love the bright colors battery life is not bad I've been on it all day and still have good life left in it.

This is a very good purchase i,ll get another one i hope they still have them i like the phone

I will rate o on this product. Phone had no charger, the back case didn't fit the phone meaning the phone can't close, note pen is broken and the make and cratches are unspeakable.  Also am not sure how long this phone will work because i could read the seller's recent outgoing text to friends saying how her phone isn't working well and she's working on getting a new one.

The back cover is super thin plastic. Bendable and doesnt fit securely. Gives the phone a cheap feel. Plus the phone itself is HUGE. Looks more like a small tablet than a phone.

I have been thoroughly satisfied withe this phone since I purchased it. I was very skeptical at first before purchase, but I have not been disappointed.

As advertised.came as new condition for a used item.completely happy with my purchase i would recommend this product to anyone.

Received absolutely brand new phone from seller "Wireless Extra".  This phone is unlocked as described.  And the screen is huge, sharp and clear.  HD movies play beautifully.  Came with the latest Jellybean 4.1.2 installed, awesome!Yes, for many of you who wanted a prepaid phone, it works for Straight Talk (AT&T; Sim Card) and T-Mobile.  I tried on both networks and all have 4G LTE speed.  Great I ditched my Sprint and go for prepaid plan, saving lots of money.  I'll give MetroPCS a shot after I'm done with Straight Talk.  Will update how MetroPCS network speed.Run Speedtest.net on ATT and T-Mobile 4G LTE hit over 10Mbps without any problem.  I have better LTE rate on T-Mobile than AT&T.;However it does have some flaws as well - Bloatware, a lot of them.  AT&T; preloaded bunch of their home brewed bloatware.  They eat up tons of internal memory.  Unless you rooted your phone and removed those unwanted apps, you just have to live with them and they do drag the overall performance.You will see lags when you launch phone dialer or switching between apps.  Considering it's a 2-year-old phone with just dual core and 1GB RAM, I can live with that for a sub $300 price phone.Battery life is miserable.  It couldn't even last 8 hours of normal usage.  Need to charge everyday and in the car to keep it floating.Overall this is definitely a great phone for it's quality and price.  Highly recommended.Updated: Called MetroPCS and tried to use their service.  What a joke, their customer said my phone is still locked! I have been with T-mobile prepaid and Straighttalk and no problem at all.  That's why this company is dead and bought by T-mobile.  You can't activate the SIM Card online and you need to call them and the customer service knows nothing.  Hello, this is year 2013 and people still need to call to activate a service and nope you can't do it online.

This is a good phone, but comes with a little crack in display and a touch screen doesn't works in a small area.But about speed in shippment, it was amazing.

I would like to give asaving co. a zero star but since I like to phone I give &#34;1&#34; or Uno. Post as a brand new online however when I received it as used product and damaged. Waste my time and effort. Hopefully, they need to do honesty business next time. Poor poor.

I have an iPhone 3G, but when I saw the Note in Walmart, I had to have it. I fell for the size and wanted it unlocked. I couldn't believe I found the phone here for a lot less than Walmart. I'm happy.

Now after more than 3 months I am still happy with the SGH-i717.I wish that I could erase some of AT&T stuff that I don't need such their Navigation (since I am T-Mobile customer). I can get 4G LTE screen is bigger than Galaxy S2 that I had previously. Compared to previous the only CON, you can't talk to Navigation to show you routes - only typing. Overall very happy withi the product and the money I paid for it.

The phone is too slow.  I even disabled all of the AT&T preloaded programs but the phone is still too slow.  Even when I perform a simple function such as looking up a contact or making a phone call, it takes it a second to respond.

This phone is awesome...1. its unlocked2. came in three days3.loading really fast4. works with Tmobile5. easy to manage6. don't have any issue with apps..i downloaded all apps that i wanted and download speed is really fast7. everything that was included in the package is working8. batter don't drain fast :)9. I would recommend to anyone to get this phone....Overall I'm happy with this product...second day using this phone and I'm amazed

i want to order this phone but i want to make sure if it has a hot spot. please i need help

The phone is everything I expected however the Email exchange for droid and Samsung has proved to be quite a pain. the rest of the Phone is amazing.

I love my little supercomputer and my ole tired eyes love the size. Delivered fast, works well and worked on crappy MetroPCS (but their service is not so good) and now on Aio, no problem. Less than half the price of the Note 3 but I do not know what it would do that I would want - this one does it all.

we finally picked up the Samsung Galaxy Note today at the post office, 4 weeks after it was shipped.  It appears to be in working order but will not know until we activate it with a new carrier.  On a negative note, it is black, not blue and the instructions are in Serbian, not engish.

I don't like this phone. Because It runs slowly and the battery not good. I don't buy it any time.

The SGH-I717 Note is great. Get ready for SIM Card HELL. The phone started off with a sim card issue. This must be a common problem. Stated no sim card installed. Then it would work, then it wouldn't. Then it stopped recognizing the sim card altogether. I put in a sim from a working T-Mobile phone. Did not work. Put the sim back in the t-mobile phone and everything was fine with the t-mobile. I will update if Tablet Distributors can help.

This thing is great so far.  Got it in the mail super-quick.  The big screen is awesome coz I dont have to squint at anything.  Comes with Jelly Bean 4.1.2 OS on it right out of the box! This device is also great for folks with not-so-small hands, feels more comfortable than a regular-sized phone.  Read other reviews (not amazon) and some folks complained about the battery life for this device. (This thing get awesome battery life so far, puts my old motorola smartphone to shame!) Anyways, here are a couple tips that I'm sure those folks didn't follow...  First, do a few charge-discharge cycles, which means start using the phone as soon as u can, let the battery run down to 5% to no more than 15%. (DO NOT RUN THE BATTERY DOWN TO 0% AT FIRST) Batteries these days have their own sort of &#34;memory&#34;, so if u charge your phone when it's at 50% for example, the phone may think that the battery is almost dead when it shows 50%.  Ok, after u r sure the device's battery is at 5% to 15% charge, let it charge to 100%.  To get a true 100% charge u have to let the device's battery charge while the device is turned off.  Again, that part about the 'memory' of the battery: if u let it charge to a true 100%, it will charge more fully more often.  Repeat those steps at least 3 times.  Futhermore, the Galaxy Note should ideally only need 2.5 to 3 hours to fully charge the battery, so........ DO NOT CHARGE OVERNIGHT, AS THIS CAN WEAKEN THE BATTERY LIFE in the short term and the long term.  If people do all these things for their device's battery (Galaxy Note or not) it can extend the battery's performance.  I'd HIGHLY recommend this device to anyone needing a solid, well-constructed, comfortable device.  Phone calls work good (i'm on at&t prepaid), texts, instant chats, the S-Pen, it all works great.  If u properly charge the battery, the battery life issue that others have had, should not be a problem for you.  Enjoy!

I bought this phone because my old one was missing a ton of calls, sending them straight to VM. I love the look and style of this phone. It came fully up to date with the jellybean thingy. I am with Metropcs and even though this is an AT&T phone they have a new thing where you can bring your own device. It cost me $45 to have it put onto metro service with a new sim card, but I feel it was worth it. Even the lady in the metro store fell in love with it and was showing it to the other staff! I'm still learning all the functions but overall I'm really happy with this phone.

When I clicked on this particular phone, it stated in the description that I was actually getting a white phone, but I received a blue one. There were also more dings in it than I was led to believe. However, my main concern was shipping. I ordered it on July 9 and it said estimated shipping would be July 10-11. I received it on July 23. When I looked at the postmark, it said July 20. So I would have gotten it in less than a week, if the vendor had not taken a week and a half to actually ship it. Other than that, everything seems to be ok.

Receive the phone on time. Had a bit of a issue with the Sim card and the seller work with me to get the unit working. Ultimately it was a Metro PCS Sim card issue and once I got the appropriate Sim I was able to start using my phone. Michael was very helpful getting my phone working and not only will I recommend the seller but look forward to work with them in the future. I LOVE MY NEW PHONE !!!!!!!

I love this phone.  It's fun and has everything I need and more in a cell phone.  It took a bit to get used to the stylus but it was so great I got the Note Tablet too.

Got this from Cell Lounge. First one had scratches on screen. After countless emails and 1 month with Cell Lounge support, finally got replacement, and gave it as a gift. SIM card slot is faulty on the replacement unit, and unit is still with Samsung service center.Never ever buy from Cell Lounge.

Mac Daddy phone, the telephone is ringing just like the song! great service and delivery as promised on time for our sons christmas because that's all he wanted for christmas did'nt you know Ho!Ho!Ho! very prompt and perfect service the Samsung came exactly as describe so no hidden dissapointments here! a big Thank-you to your company for fulfilling our order at such a hectic time of year, great great service and friendly too treated us like a real person not just a $$$ sign thank you keep on giving us the consumer deals and we will be there for you CHEERS!

I know this phone is old but I love it.  It came already upgraded to 4.1 ice cream and I have no complaints.

does everything that i could want and large enough for me to see.  i gave it less than full 5 stars as it is not the official newest state of the art and my techy grown children have those.  but i have not found one thing including controlling my tv and linking with my tablet and desktop that it doesn't do just fine.  it works as  a wifi hub and a phone and i can download full audio books from the library and listen and my full month calendar is large enough to see and it is half the cost of the next versions

I have a note 2 my niece wanted something close to it, this item was affordable and they worked with us, quite well, thank you so much.

Exactly what I needed. Great! This worked perfect for my phone it fit wonderfully. It is exactly what I needed after I lost my old back to my phone.

I plan to continue to use it when I go back to China. I found I made a great decision! It is wonderful!

Everything was great but this phone was not unlocked!  The sellers are Slightly misleading and should be cheaper if not unlocked, also the cyanogenmod takes away the smart stylus features that Samsung has on by default

Everything about this was perfect I've been using my phone for almost 4 months. I love it so much. Love

I received the phone in brand new condition just like they described. My order can in time and i had no unpleasant surprises. Phone can loaded with honeycomb had to upgrade to ICS but that was easy and fast.So far so good, no lagging, phone is very fast in any task i want to run. Call quality is good even though it is on the straight talk network. Battery life could be better but that's because of the 4G signal. Face time conversation on google+ are immaculate even with the screen share the phone does not freeze. So far i am very very impressed!

Except for the battery life, this phone is perfect for my current needs. This is the best way for me to enter the smartphone arena.

Phone has a great display, colors are good, detail also. Largest phone I have ever owned, didn't realize it would be so large. not practical to carry on belt and a bit heavy for the pocket. I have owned it for a month now and am satisfied with it but having known how heavy and large it was I might have gone a little smaller and lighter. battery lasts only one day with moderate use I expect due to the large screen. The only problem I have had is the back cover does not seem to secure well to the phone and one of the plastic tabs bent the very first time I installed the battery causing the top right corner not to seal well. I ordered another back cover after two days of owning the phone. I feel like the back cover is the weak link on this phone. Plastic tabs on a cover so large is not the best design. Overall a decent phone. Problems with the size and weight are due to my own not researching enough, being stationed overseas at a remote duty location made it impossible to actually handle one before purchasing.

Very good phone, no regret. I had to purchased another one for my husband. I will recommend it because it deserves it price.

The one star is for the seller.  The phone was a gift to someone. It came with charging connector bad. Because I gave the phone to someone as a gift; I did not know about the charging issue until lat It would partially charge the battery. I thought the battery was bad, so I purchased new batteries through amazon. Turned out the battery was fine. It's the charging connector that was bad.  $299 for someone else trash!  The seller must have known about the bad connector. Now I have been reading its an issue with with samsung phones. I am wary about buying used/refurbished electronics but I bought this one because of &#34;amazon fulfillment.&#34;  Beware! I gave too much credit to &#34;amazon fulfillment.&#34; Because I gave the phone to someone as a gift. I will NOT buy from this seller again.

...there was a phone that was wonderful.  It had many features, functions, and fruits of labor.It is a big phone.  So think twice about how you will carry it around with you.I have been poking about with this phone since I got it yesterday, and it has so many things to learn that I will take a long time before I figure out all of it.  From what I have seen, there is a lot customization allowed along with a lot of pre-loaded apps.  Example: The memo app is very nice for it to allow stylus writing, text writing, attachment insertion, voice writing/recording, ability to share it, etc...The connectivity of the phone is also very strong.  It seems a bit slow with hotmail for some reason, but everything else runs fast involving the net (4G / Wifi home speed).The camera captures great detail.  Dual camera is a nice option.  I have yet to test it for video calls.It has a fast-charging, removable battery.  The charge seems to last quite a while (I keep power saving features on such as screen turning off after a minute.).  There are many options to optimize your battery life when it is idle or to make sure your phone functions are not disabled if you want them to remain connected.The phone allows for expandable storage which is essential, in my opinion.  There seems to be an option to transfer apps from the phone to the microSD card as well.The product for the price is great.  If you have time, the Galaxy Note 2 might drop a bit more in price.  But at the current time, it just costs too much when the Galaxy Note 1 (this product) is a nice thing for everyone to have.  Tablet + Phone = Excellent idea.

MY HUSBAND IS VERY HAPPY WITH HIS XMAS GIF , THE ONLY BAD THING IS THE CHARGE CABLE, BUT EVERYTHING WORKS REALLY GOOD :)

I was so excited to recieve samsung smartphone. The best thing I like is large screen and can be used like tablet or call it as phabelet. My excitement was no longer. When box was opened and found screen was borken....which is was like unbelievable thing. When contacted dealer...hardly getting good response. Asking to ship back but cost of shipping is my out of pocket. On asking why, dealer has excuse that system do not allow to print return label.I am not returning out of my conveniance, then why I pay for return shipping. Not sure will I get refund. Overall dealer do not have customer focus

BEWARE its not new!!! Watchout  i bought mine took it straight to atnt  to get my phone turned on.the prone in sim card broken.atnt told  me they sell brought back items from atnt stores.i was so upset just spent $370 for atnt note plus activation.i cried im single mom n i worked hard for that.. There  avoiding m  calls. Very had.  upset.i ba dly

this phone is awesome and for the price! its unlocked and works with Tmobile and simple mobile, I wouldn't trade it for anything!

The quality of this phone is great and the pictures are clear and if someone has bad eye sight like my husband this would be the perfect phone. THe only problem we had was that it was advertised as an unlock phone and I could never get the sims card to go thru straight talk and I had to call ATT and that is when I found out the phone was not unlocked. I contacted Amazon and they allowed me to return the phone for a full refund. I have ordered another phone but from a different company and we will see if it is unlocked.

its an OK phone, was a little pissed when i was having trouble connecting to the WiFi but later fixed it. other than those 30 minutes of wasted time i was happy about it

I love it,i like it so much I'm buying a couple more a gifts for my family. Merry Christmas!!!Nick

works great, had phone for about a month now, unlocked and ready to be used, works with straight talk as well, needless to say my gf was happy.

This is the first unlocked phone I purchased so I was a little nervous about if and how well it would work. It turns out that it works great. All I had to do was get a SIM card from my cell phone provider and it fired right up and works great.I love the big screen with a stunningly detailed HD display. Apps run great without any lag at all.

the phone is prefect sadly i got a bad phone don't order from the bluedot sim slot did not work :(waste of money but anyway the phone is great one con tho the battery life :(

I really liked the phone but it usually freezes , the only thing i dint like was the delivery it took TEN days to get here !! and it had to get here 1-3 business days ;/but overall its a good phone and im happy with it.

its 4g but I am not able to get on the web unless I am somewhere with wifi it freezes alot and runs slow

Awesome phone! great apps and just awesome!!! I love it. Got the best apps and a very fast phone overall

I ordered this phone through Tablet Distributors. I got the phone on October 7 2013. Upon opening the phone, I noticed that the phone came without the stylus. how upsetting. the phone was sealed, but upon opening the device, the phone looked dirty and tampered with. I contacted Amazon and the told me that they will refund part of my money because the phone did not come with a stylus pen. However, upon starting the device and accessing its features, I noticed that the phone began flashing, making various unnecessary colors without any commands. I also noticed that the battery which was at 50% when opened, went down to 19% within 5 mins of use ( iam not exaggerating). In that case, I told Amazon that I am sending the phone back, but since its from a "fulfilled vendor" ( in this case, an unfulfilled vendor) "Tablet Distributors," I was told that I wasn't able to receive a replacement. I sent it back for a refund.These third party vendors should stop overcharging the customer for the phone, knowing fully well that some accessories have been removed or the item has been tampered with. They should stop branding tampered phones as new which is misleading to the customer. Hence, due to my disappointment, iam giving this review one star...!

Excellent Quality Product for the best price./..Unlocked...hence can use with any carriers...Very good bargain for the price its being offered.....very much recommended..

EXCELLENT product. Excellent customer service.  I could not be more happy with my purchase. I will use them anytime I need a phone or accesories. I will be  telling all my friends and family what a great experience I had and suggest that they use them. I am one HAPPY customer!

For the price, the Samsung Galaxy Note i717 is an excellent phone with a stunning screen. The upgrade from ICS to JellyBean 4.1.2 was a breeze.  Enjoy.

This product is wicked!! Fast phone, long lasting battery and nice screen size!!! Also the audio and picture quality are really HD

The sceen touch is not good, and the battery needs to charge 2 times a day, is this new ? The keyboard can not work sometime and i restart the phone more times.

The phone is great. It has great features. I recommends if you to buy Galaxy phone, this Will be the best for you.

So far It's Good .world Well no complaint. Great phone like I said.more capabilities. And fast to work with. Enjoy

Battery better than expected! Big screen and very fast phone! I would recommend this phone to anyone! Very nice video play and excellent pictures!

Love every thing about this great phone EXCEPT IT RUNS HE BATTERY DOWN faster than Mario Andretti drives. The power consumption is astronomical, even with every thing shut off (blue tooth - wifi - gps -) still like what it does when I want it to.

I wanted it I get it fast in good condition! Sometimes when I speak , people cannot here me and the speaker doesn't work good.

I put a bigger battery on it now I love it I did not need all the att ju k on it.

love this phone. came in black not carbon blue like described but that's no biggie. works great with my T-Mobile sim. the phone was working slowly at first but I figured it was because it had to update everything. works great now. you'll be happy if u get this phoneUpdate 8-26-13 this phone gets HOT when u are on it a good amount of time. Also in certain outlets while charging.

Pros:Note has great screen, really nice colors, Super Amoled really shows off the difference. Phone is great for those people who want something between the regular smartphone and a small tablet. Battery can last one day of moderate usage.Cons:Software that came pre-installed is awful. Note is lagging, constantly running out of memory, applications randomly closing or taking MINUTES to start up (yes, minutes). I would try some custom roms.

thanks seller:) received this smartphone as it was describeb:) im loving it-DISABLE ALL THE AT&t; bloatware- watch youtube video how to do so- to save more battery:Drocking it- had it now for 4 months :)order some screen protectors as well because this thing gets easily smudgedGO SAMSUNG:)

Phone was broken would not read a sim card but i was refunded in full but not going to buy through them again

My phone is just a little over 6 months old and i have had repeated problems with it charging and holding a charge. I have tried different chargers to no avail. Overnight it went from a charge of 69% to 18% and now it won't charge at all when i am just getting ready to leave on a business trip.  I would expect more from a $300 phone than a warranty of 30 days with something so basic as charging and holding a charge.

I picked one of these up off ebay for $220 on 12/20/13. I love this phone! Big awesome screen, 4G LTE through Straight Talk. Works Great!

LOVED THE PHONE, WORKED GREAT AND I COULDN'T HAVE BOUGHT IT FROM A BETTER PERSON. dEALING WITH aLEX WAS GREAT. IF I COULD I WOULD HAVE GIVEN THIS EXPERIANCE A 10.

i think samsung is from korea.....but the one i bought is made in china!!!!!! im very disappointed about this phone

Perfect .. easy to root up to 1.9 cpu with jelly bean ...Very fast. Phone feel very light. Make sure to buy a hybrid or tpu case.

I have this phone and it is horrible!! constantly freezes shuts off, slow internet, the battery doesn't charge with the phone charge. I had to buy 3 seberate batteries and a charger pack to charge the damn phone its ridiculous an the list goes on with trash phone oh and one more thing theres times you wont get text for about 3 weeks! My service plan is with at&t and they wont do anything to help you or nothing. This is my 2nd Samsung phone and will be my last! never again will i get another waste of garbage.

the phone is less than 2 months but it doesn't work anymore. Was this a good phone???? I need a new phone or my money back

Liked my galaxy note n900 better easier to set up the note sgh. Can't get it to receive or send picture messages, have been all over network and settings for it, just won't for straighttalk. My husband is out of state and thats how i keep him up on our granddaughter, by sending him pictures. Guess time to reconsider another phone from somewhere else. Wouldn't reconmend this phone.

THIS PHONE FREAKIN ROCKS! LOVE, LOVE, L-O...WAIT FOR IT..V-E IT!  NEW PHONE, FAST SERVICE...ORDERED IT I BELIEVE THURSDAY OR FRIDAY, RECEIVED IT MONDAY (USED PRIME). DO NOT SEE A NEED TO EVER BUY ANOTHER BRAND OR TYPE OF PHONE!

I'm just looking for a phone with Big Screen; Capacitive Touchscreen; more than 5MP back camera (in this case I got 8MP) with flash, decent front camera (2MP); Wifi; 4G; Micro Sim Card (so I won't have to change my prepaid number); Android; and Affordable (Cheap) so that it wouldn't hurt much if my baby decides to play with it, So far, I got them all for $300. This will suffice in the next 2 years. Then once the version 3 gets cheaper then I'll upgrade. :)Just needed to buy a screen protector, headset with microphone, and an SD card and I'm all set. Plus of course my phone casing, which has very limited design since this is not a popular phone.The phone did arrive in a not so perfect packaging, the seal tampered a bit, back cover not properly attached... but hey, overall the item was good and I'm willing to let that pass having saved $100 if I buy it directly in stores.

A good large phone ...just don't  over load it with too many apps which slow it down just like any  other ...

My sons father loves the phone he very satisfied thwnk you ms.rosa  that's I love shopping on amazon so convince

This phone works as described. Can be used with t mobile and simple mobile sim cards. Shipping was fast and free. Date of delivery respected. I love this phone , just odered one for my sister. I recommend this phone to everyone who loves to ise amdroids or wanna switch to amdroid fonesI won't regret.

The Reason I Got This Phone Is Because It Was A Replacement Do To Me Cracking My White Galaxy Note Phone Which I Started To Love . But When I Got This Phone I Felt Lost With This Phone Because All My Stuff Was On The White Phone Like My Kik Message And Message , Picture Etc. But Some Of The Stuff I Was Able To Recover Like Pic & Message. But Kik Message And Other I Wasn't. So I'm Still Getting A Little Use To This Phone. Other Than That The Phone Is Great I Recieved It In New Condition , Package Well. It Like Buying A New Phone From A At&t Phone Company Even Though It A Unlock GSM Phone . :)

Yes .. !!Would recommend to friend who is looking for big screen just like tablet come phone..!!This is Awesome Phone!!!

at&t has not include multi window up to this date and there is no update after Android Jelly Bean 4.1.2 that's for at&t (i717) it stinks and the battery life is no good don't buy it... Take my foolish advice... The charger is not able to charge the phone now. Its hard to believe that Samsung put their name on a product like this and Amazon is even selling it wow, well i guess that's what happen when these big corporation "make it they" start producing low quality product... They know longer offer value for your money Thank You Samsung for showing me that even an organization like yours can produce that type of Standard...

This phone is probably a pretty good phone when its Brand New. Unfortunately the one US Wireless sold me was listed as NEW, but when it arrived, it was non-functioning. I called AT&T technical assistance for help, and they immediately asked me for the IMEI number on the phone. They then explained that the broken phone US Wireless sold me was not NEW,  and that it was a refurbished phone that was over 2 years old. Dealing with the return of this item to that seller was a long unnecessary fiasco. They have a history of previous complaints to this effect. Don't bother wasting time energy and money with this seller.

i love it this phone it has the biggest screen ever.. & i like that it comes with a pen thanks imthebest

This is a good phone i recomend it to any one. I'm looking forward to purchase the newer modelo un the future.

I use my phone alittle below average, but I have a note 10.1 and I pretty much can do the samething with my phone.I'd say anybody who wants a phone that does everything, this phone is for you.Make sure you have a car charger because the battery doesn't last long, but it still a great phone!.

I have already resold this item - The phone works ok and the service was great by the provider.  But the phone is not true 4G lte so the battery runs down in just a few hours.  It stalls frequently cause it does not have the guts to handle the size of the programs.  With no home screen button, the phone is very awkward to use with one hand.  I could go on but enough said.

Bought this for my boyfriend xmas gift.. he loves it so much. Right size great speed.. phone is pretty amazing

I am using it with T-Mobile. Be warned that data connection is very very iffy. Wifi and phone functions work well.

It came very good with only a little paint scratch on the S-Pen, and the battery life is rather short, so i would recommend this and to buy a new battery with it

Tried the Notes 2,3 & the latest 4, and none came close to being as varied as the first Samsung Galaxy Note made.Love the Stylus (great for chubby fingers to use) and the Camera editing options are much more varied, almost limitless, and easy to figure out than the latest Notes; fantastic for tweaking & fine-tuning photography into artwork!I might have to buy another Samsung Note One, just to have ready for when (if ever) I need to replace the one I have.Love it!  Love it!!  Love it!!!

I WILL SAY I AM VERY DISPLEASED WITH THIS ITEM I FIRST BOUGHT THE WHITE ONE WHICH I HAD TO SEND BACK BECAUSE OF MUTING DURING THE CALL THAN ORDERED 2 OF THESE AND HAD THE EXACTLY SAME PROBLEM THE PHONE COMES WITH NO NUMBERS TO CALL JUST PHONE CHARGER THAT DIDN'T CHARGE THE PHONE HAD MUSIC ON IT ALREADY ALSO HAD PICTURES IN IT DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY

Love the size and it's capabilities. Only battery don't last long after first charge..dunno..too many unnecessary programs load. Ok price for older phone.

I love it!!! It was on time, great condition, it work great, I just popped my card in and went!!!

I bought it to use it with metropcs and I had no problems at all. It was so easy like going to a metro store get a si card, put it inside the phone and voila. Happy with it.

Great phone my friends, it may be a bit old but i tell you for the price if you want a nice smart phone, the galaxy brand is definitely on the top of the list.

I bought the phone and initially like it but, the software they sent it to me was outdated and wasn't the same as today's samsung devices (not sure what version they're on now), but I overlooked it, because I'm not the most technical person out there. But any-who, two weeks into having the device it stopped charging and would do weird stuff. For example touching the screen was very hard, the sensitivity was gone or something... Since day one something was kind of fishy with it anyway. But I sent it back for exchange and received it last night, and everything is going great! Will update review in a few weeks though! Hopefully the sellers will send the phone out updated with the newest and fastest software versions available for this device, it really is important that the customers get the best experience with it, they will appreciate you for it sellers! Asavings was amazing with exchanging it, and sent me timely email responses as well. Thank you!!!!!!

I simply love this phone. This company Rocks! It arrived in 24hr! Great servic, great packaging, brand new, no problems! I highly recommend this to all!

This is a pretty good phone and the price I have is wonderful. The screen is even better than iphone.

I ordered SGH I717 on Sept 3rd.  Got it Sept 13th.I'm a T-Mobile customer and i was looking for a device that would work on T-Mobile (Re-farmed) 1900mhz 3G Network & LTE 1700/2100 mhzWhen i looked at the bands this device supports it was a match.  So i purchased this device.Shipped with Android 4.0  i updated it to 4.1 through Samsung Kies on my laptop.I live in Columbia, SC and T-Mobile has been refarming the 1900mhz for 3G so unlocked AT&T; devices can have 3G/HSPA.  T-Mobile also launched LTE here two weeks ago.  So my phone is awesome.  LTE and HSPA speeds are awesome.Im happy with my Galaxy Note.  The only thing i can complain about is the 1GB RAM.  but other then that I love this phone.  Camera is awesome.  and with Android 4.1 you cant go wrong.Hope this helped out anyone looking for a T-Mobile compatible unlocked phone.

Very nice phone when its getting reception. In same room, my s2 will have 3 bars note will have 1. Doesn't do well in rural area.

Nice phone, lots of apps but for whatever reason it didnt perform for me. So I am upgrading to either the Galaxy Note 2 or 3 wich have great reciews

I highly recommend this phone to anyone wanting a huge screen. And the quality is amazing! In addition, I found the slide out stylus very convenient to navigate the touch screen. I see no reason to purchase the Note 2 or Note 3 at this point unless you absolutely have to have the features they have that this one does not. But to spend that much more for the little extra you do get - not worth it. Just as with cars its best for your wallet to buy a few yeas back, I feel the same with this phone - It's best to get the Note now rather than Note 2 or Note 3.

This is a excellent product it has all you need for surfing the net taking pics and listening to your tunes.This products is flawless and works great.If you won't a fast big screen handset i will recommend you look at this item.This does run 4g service if you have a gsm provider that offers that service to you and it is unlocked.

I love this little phone because it is so handy and will do everything my larger 10 inch tablet does, but is also a phone and a lot easier to carry around..  The video is so clear and this is large enough to do email  or text comfortably.  I highly this even if you don't get phone service because you are still able to do everything with the Wifi component AND if you have Magic Jack like I have you can get the Magic Jack app and still use it as a phone whenever you are around a Wifi source.

I originally could not wait to get this phone.  I paid over $450 for it and I thought this was an okay price.  However, it has not held up.  This note wont hold a charge because that part of the phone doesn't work properly any more and when using the phone from the handset everybody says it sounds like i'm in a tunnel but on speaker phone it's fine.  after having these problems i learned I bought it as is but I thought it was brand new.  I didn't realize there was't even a factory warranty on this phone.  much sure you do your homework before you purchase.

This is my first Sumsung Galaxy note. I used  T- mobile service.  so far i really like it but some place i have bad signal. that's the only complain that i got.

I don't know why I would ever own another useless iPhone, especially after using this awesome phone. 4 stars,  because battery life could be better, but isn't that what we say about every device?

I love it ad I would change it for anything else. I have t mobile and it working okay. I have onequestion is my phone running on tmobile internet or att

I love my phone and does everything great except the quality of voice calling. I've tried a few different phone companies and don't get great call quality- too many dropped calls, can't call out and don't receive calls unless i'm outside my house. I'm not sure if its the antenna in the phone or what the cause is. I have had other phones and same phone companies.

Actually is the first time that  I'm buying a article used by amazon, and I'm very worried about this purchase, I just hope and aspire to be good one.

Cool phone, still going strong by the day.Just got #AnkerBatteries as backup batteries.Overall, this is a great phone.

Its good and as per my expectations !!Good thing is its upgradable to latest Android version. Likes music quality very much.Touch is also good.

THIS IS THE THIRD PHONE ADVERTISED AS NEW..AND SHIPPED USED AND DEFECTIVE....tHESE 3RD PARTY SUPPLIERS..US WIRELESS..ASAVINGS...AND ZAARN ALONG WITH AMAZON ARE RUNNING A BIG SCAM...STAY AWAY FROM ALL OF THESE COMPANIESWILL CONTACT ALL ATTORNEY GENERALS IS RESPECTIVE STATES WHERE THESE 4 COMPANIES OPERATE

Really like this phone. Wish I had gotten a smartphone years ago. I wasn't aware there were other versions but this one is good for what I need.

Wonderful buy the item is just as described. The carbon blue almost seems like black. The item was unlocked and ready for use. User friendly no worries at all.

I got the phone and it had a problem so I contacted the seller and he took care of me right away.  I have a working phone now and I really like this phone.  It has a big clear screen, high quality voice reception, and it is easy to read.  It has plenty of room on my 32GB removable SD card to hold lots of pictures and videos.  Showing off the grandkids is great.  It takes wonderful pictures, too.  I am on the NET10 system for my phone system.  NET10 is a sister to Strait Talk and is owned by Tracfone.  Doesn't have much customer service, but the really tried to work with me to get my phone up and running.  They just didn't know how to diagnose what was wrong.  Anyway, the bottom line is that this is a great phone and a super seller.

Ohh lala nice real nice I little bit of issues with the sims card but other then that its a great phone to hold me over till iphone 6 lol. Shout 2 hoke county boys soup garrison signing out

Amazing cell. Well to start the package arrived the day indicated, I received in my house. When I opened the box I found the Samsung Galaxy Note, beautiful, big, super-shiny screen, brought to book, the usb cable, wall charge. The instructions in this cell said to be unblocked, but to my surprise it does not work with Net 10 straight talk, tracfone, springt, verizon ect. Only a ATT GoPhone cell, maybe work with T-Mobile. Please contact before buying to selling the company that is selling. At no time was saying it was a Gophone. Now, I had to buy ATT GoPhone sim card. The net1o not recognized, and says the phone is unlocked, but not work. But besides all this I am glad and happy that I have my Samsung Galaxy Note. Very big and not heavy. The phone brings the S pen, came with a battery, did not come with cover, did not come with plastic to protect the glass, came with headphones, did not come with SD Card, you can use 8Gb 16GB.Asombroso celular. Bueno para comenzar el paquete lleg&oacute; el d&iacute;a indicado, Yo lo recibi en mi casa. Cuando abr&iacute; la caja encontr&eacute; el celular Samsung Galaxy Note, hermoso, grande, pantalla super brillosa, trajo el libro de instrucciones, el usb cable, el charge wall. Las instrucciones de este celular dice que es unblocked, pero para mi sorpresa no funciona con Net 10,straight talk, tracfone,springt,verizon ect. Solamente es un celular Gophone de ATT, talvez funcione con T-Mobile. Porfavor antes de comprar contacten al seller la compania que lo este vendiendo. En ningun momento decia que era un Gophone. Ahora, yo tuve que comprar sim card  Gophone ATT. La net1o no la reconocio, y dice que el celular esta desbloqueado, y no trabajo.El celular trae el S pen, vino con una bateria, no vino con cover, no vino con un pl&aacute;stico para proteger el cristal, vino con aud&iacute;fonos, no vino con SD Card, usted puede usar 8Gb 16gb.  Pero ademas de todo esto estoy contenta y feliz por que tengo mi Samsung Galaxy Note. Siempre lo he querido tener estaba esperando que bajara de precio. Gracias Amazon.

I love this phone but I got to give it 4 stars because the seam around the screen was broken.. even though I thought it would have been in better condition as the  discription said.. next time I think I will get the refurbish instead of used. Finally the features are great and everything esle intact. It was unlocked all I had to do is to put my bahamas sim inside and good to go...love the phone ..thank you

4 weeks so far no problem.  it does not come with the micro sd card.  but you can buy one cheap on Amazon.  lets hope it works overseas.

My original narrative is in the next paragraph I raised rating from two to four stars - since then the SIM card is working.  Found a variety of fixes on the internet - tried them all and finally found the right fix.  Once overcoming the SIM the phone is working great.  I am good with tech and was frustrated - I can only imagine how most people would feel.I purchased this unlocked phone and inserted my SIM card, which was being used in a Samsung phone.  Galaxy Note did not recognize the SIM.  I went on line to find a solution and learned that this is a common problem.  There are five primary reasons for this, four of which others have published solutions for including You Tube videos.  The fifth is a problem with the phone that requires a technician.  I'm very disappointed - this was going to be a gift  :(  I did try configuring the phone using the internet and the apps and use is very nice - to bad it won't work away form the internet.

I am so excited I got my phone a today. I couldn't wait to swap the sim  card from my old phone to this one. This phone does everything that they say and more. But I had a problem because my service carrier is T-Mobile and this came in an AT&T; packaging, I set up my phone and everything was running smooth except making and receiving calls.  So it was time to call T-Mobile customer care to connect my phone for me. That's when the problem started. I was on the phone with a service rep for almost an hour. She did everything she could to connect this phone on the network and it couldn't work. My guess is that this phone is not unlocked because the lady that was helping me told me that there's nothing wrong with the connection nor the sim card but the phone itself is not unlocked so therefore it won't work on T-Mobile network. She said that after she suggested that I should put the sim card back to my old phone to see what happens and the phone worked perfectly.I am not going to throw any stones yet, I'm going to call the seller and let them know what happened and see what their response is going to be. I gave it a 4 because it couldn't work when it was supposed to but neither than that, I'd have give it a 5 star rating. It's a great phone. Big and clear screen resolution. I can check my email and go on Facebook and You tube even though it's not connected on any network. It really is a kool phone, I like it, no let me rephrase that, I love it a lot. I just wish that my little problem with it is going to be solved sooner than later. Otherwise I will recommend it to anyone especially if your service provider is AT&T;.

I do not know if it is my service provider or the phone but it did not perform as fast as it should when I press selections on the screen.  It would make a sound for confirmation but would not respond quickly!

Love this device because it can be handled as a phone or a small tablet. It's is arguable that it is mainly a phone but its functions says otherwise. I use it as a tablet first for prodction, school work, etc. then phone secondary, for, of course, for communication/text, calls, etc. It is the a perfect size if you don't think of it as a phone only (and folks seem intimidated by &#34;big phones&#34;).I won't get into the techncial specifics but basically, it's the same as Samsung Galaxy SII with little exceptions. I've upgraded to OS JellyBean, and love the extras in the stylus however, the stylus can go a little out of control on keyboards.I don't like how the power button is positioned exactly opposite the volume control on the other side of the phone. I clasp the device, using my thumb to powerup/down but find that my other four fingers are latched onto the volume control. Hard to keep away from, so it calls for using 2 hands (which I'm trying to avoid if I'm not using it as a tablet). S Note app is a bit annoying. I don't need to use a template but it won't let me create a note without one (at lease I haven't figured out how to control that yet).Nevertheless, the device runs and displays my applications very well. I am encouraged to watch Netflix, and run bigger apps with ease. Battery runs out at normal rate (depending on what you run and how long) but I'd suggest backup batteries when you know a powersouce wll not be accessible.

Probably one of the best phones ever made, a bit outdated since Samsung has the Note II and Note II out now, but still a very sophisticated phone. Works well and has alot of advance features. For the price you cant go wrong.

I purchased this phone as an birthday present to myself. Have enjoyed the larger screen. Only problem I am having is battery staying charged. Battery  is only lasting bout 3 hours. Will  be getting  a device to extend the life of battery. When I get battery problem solve I will  e pleased with phone. I received the phone I wanted for the price I was willing to pay.

When get the Galaxy Phone remember to actualize it.The phone comes with android 4.0.4 which slows the performance of the phone greatly, It is a must to actualize your phone as a note the ram used by the new phone with android 4.0.4 was about 70% vs 35% with android 4.1.2 the last version of androidThe moment you get your phone just go to [...] then download the software and actualize then conect your phone with the usb cable and follow the instruction.WARNING:THIS PHONE DOESNT COME WITH THE REMOTE CONTROL FUNCION THAT MEANS THAT YOU CANT USE SAMSUNG-DIVE SERVICE TO FIND YOUR LOST/STOLEN PHONE, AND USE THE OTHER OPTIONS THAT THIS INVOLVES SUCH AS BLOCK PHONE, TRACKING PHONE AND OTHERS IT.[...] here is the web but you cant use this service

Ordered this phone early December 2013 and it was delivered about December 17, 2013. On March 19, 2014 the screen was all black - all icons could not be seen. Us Wireless stated that 90 days warranty has passed since purchased so nothing can be done on their part. I thought the 90-day calculation commences on the delivery date when the customer has access to the phone. I will buy any item from that seller again and will definitely not recommend them. Next time I'll look for either FULFILLMENT BY AMAZOM or sold and shipped by Amazon

WOW!!!! I order this phone on a friday and received it on monday  fast delivery i wasn't sure about ordering this phone at first but i was reading the seller's feedback made change my mind. I pick the right one my phone is awesome i'm learning the different functions of my phone and everything is brand new. If your thinking who to chose this seller is it!!!

After reading a lot of reviews and going back and forth between this and the LG Nexus, I am really glad I went with this phone. I love the big screen, but it is not too big at all. It's the perfect size. Great screen quality and does everything I want. Very happy.

I, realy like the phone has 4g LTE it nice to have wifi stong signal larg screen good camera easy to used

the product came on time and in perfect condition. it was, no doubt, BRAND NEW! so scratches no nothing. i love my new phone so much. amazon and phone is trusted and there is no risk.my phone is everything  i wanted. despite the battery life. but all in all its beautiful and i got all my friends drooling over it.THANK YOU SO MUCH PHONE MAX AND AMAZON!

This phone would've been wonderful if my plan would've just changed to this phone. I cannot send or receive mms. If you want to be able to send and receive mms, don't get this phone. I wouldn't recommended this p.o.s. to anyone.

ITEM IS HANGING OFF AND NOT EVERY TIME THAT HAPPENS; WHAT WAS NOT EXPECTING, BECAUSE I DO NOT LIKE THE SYSTEM DOES NOT OPERATE YOUR PHONE

Chose this rating for two major reasons: The phone perfectly met my desired requirement as well as serving the purpose for which it was bought.The seller's customer service department was very willing and able to answer all my questions at the time I needed them. Exellent service.Effective merchadise. Very sertisfied,

but had to give it 2 stars because no matter what we did we never could get it to connect to At&t's network. Even took it to our local At&t store where they checked all the settings and even provided 2 different sim cards.  I personally have this same phone and had purchased this one for my husband. Mine works great and gets perfect service so I don't understand why we had the problem. Unfortunately I had to return it. I did purchase the exact same phone from another seller and it works perfectly so I can only guess there was a problem with this particular phone though it seemed perfect in every other way and came in pristine condition.

I previously had the Samsung Proclaim on Straight Talk (Verizon towers). I wanted a larger screen and Straight Talk told me that I had to go with an AT&T compatible phone, so I chose the Note. Since this phone was less than half the cost of the S4, I chose it. So far I'm glad I did. One thing I don't understand is why people pay the ultra high monthly costs for Verizon or AT&T when they can get unlimited everything for $45 per month with Straight Talk with no contract.

Pretty easy to use and l keep finding new things that I never even knew were possible or that I would use them now I will never get another phone without .  My only complaint is it is black. Not carbon blue like I wanted.

Decent phone, not a terrible price. It's obviously the first in the series, so there are flaws, but I knew that going into it.

I think it is good for using. If can supply ear phone, it will be much better. But it's OK.

Total waste of time and money had to send back and now waiting on my refund. Looked nice but wasn't right for verizon wireless.

Buyer beware. Of course being locked to all appearances I sent it back. Amazon was helpful in providing the return lable. People who want unlocked phones they could travel with would be sorely disappointed with this. Of course at $285 it might be worth paying a professional to unlock the phone as to carrier and region, but not to me.

Had it for about a month now. Haven't had any problem. The package wasn't seal when I got it but never the less it appear new when you open it. I would rate 5 star if it wasn't for the tampered package (by tampered I mean the AT&T box inside the package container). It works well currently. LOVE IT. I haven't made up my mind yet if I would purchase from the sell again, only because of the open box. I closer to yes than no because of the great condition that the phone came in.

Good buy for the money. It worked as advertised and in good condition.it is good to go for international use and travel.

Phone does not function properly at all, extreme lagging plus inability to make/receive phone calls. in addition there was mud caked into my &#34;new&#34; wall adapter. i am VERY unsatisfied.

I bought this unlocked phone & absolutely love it, it works with the Straight-talk bring your own phone program & when setting this up with straight-talk, it even has 4G LTE that works!! I am so happy with this phone, it's more than what I thought it would be and some other reviewer's complained of things such as lag with the S-pen (stylus) and I have not had any of those issues. Everything was packed well in the UPS box & the phone was brand new, never been used and factory unlocked as listed. Best money ever spent on a phone thus far.

I really like the Samsung Galaxy Note phone. I've gotten some ribbing about its large size but it works very well for those of us over 60, making it easy to read and type. If you deposit checks using your smartphone,  it works much better at taking the pictures of the check than my tablet. The sound is good on the phone, both for me a nd the caller. Since it is pretty thin, I purchased a case right away for protection. The seller has excellent customer service.  I called,  left a message and they returned my call quickly.  They also helped me get connected to my service provider even when my provider couldn't. (Consumer Cellular)

I am loving my note 3 its doing me just great enjoying all of its futures.

I like it so far. The stylus pen tip is little too hard to click. I would have liked it if the tip was softer. Yes I would recommend it to anyone.

it's first generation note. it is not as good as current smart phone. this type of phone is battery killer. Battery life is only last for half day.

The box was closed when I received it-but the phone box itself looks crumpled and old. The seal looks dirty and broken.The LCD already had a plastic cover that looks old (there were 2 bubbles).Nevertheless, I tried if its working-so I dont have to bother returning it.I am a very busy person-but when we brought it to T Tmobile-the gmal account was not connecting to play store.I certainly am soooo disappointed and it is unlikely that I will advice you to buy this phone from this company.I am definetely returning it.Having received a defective phone (and returning it now)does not define Amazon-as the other products I have bought were okay.But I just felt cheated inside. I hope that those who handle  and sends products will be more efficient and send a NEW PRODUCT that all hardworking customers like me so richly deserve.It is so stressful to read all the return policies, download the return authorization, find a printer, call office to verify, wait for UPS to come by, return each piece inside the box-just to return.I hope that this wont happen to other customers.It is not easy to earn money nowadays.I just got an email from the seller that I was sent what I wanted to receive-a new phone.My reply: NO-I got a defective one.NO-it is not new.  If a phone already has a plastic cover on the LCD when I received it-it is not new.When the phone box seal was broken and dirty-it is not new. If its not connecting to play store/if it simply stops connecting to internet all of a sudden/then it is not new.I am telling the truth and would like to help other buyers-hence I am being honest here.Please stop emailing me-I already have too much stress from your company.Please stop harrassing me by you're emails. I will still buy from Amazon(as I did in the past).But am doing this for the other possible buyers.Stop emailing me.

The product is excellent and as described.  It arrived in a timely manner and was brand new.  However, the charged broke within the first few days inside of my phone.  I'm talking about the little silver part that sticks into the phone just bent for no reason.  I bought another one from best buy which is a better charger anyway.  No more problems and love the phone

When I purchased the phome it said In ok condition but the phone looks brand new to me and I also recieved it a day befoew I expected... I love my phone...

Love it, love it. I can't say enough about this phone. It's stylish and big like I like it. I get so many compliments on this phone.

I had to return it for following reasons:- Wrong color listing, I received a black phone.- No clear instructions on how to upgrade from Gingerbread to ICS. The AT&T; update option kept telling me there was no update available.- Filled with bloatware specific to AT&T; users which is useless for me being a T-mobile user.- Dropped calls often so much so that I had to just stop using it and put the sim back in my old samsung galaxy Y.I wanted to like it, but it's just outdated and not well-supported. I loved the big screen, ideal for browsing and even reading a book, but the other problems listed above made me return the device. I bought a Moto G next and I have been extremely happy, since it's new, supported by Motorola (Google), and I received the KitKat update when with Note I was bashing my head to get to ICS.

This phone just got better when a developer over at XDA released a KitKat rom for this phone it is like I got a brand new phone and it is faster and smoother that it ever was stock.

Horrible company!! The phone did not work...wouldn't charge or come on. Sent it back with my OWN money, only to get another phone that did the SAME thing. Save some time and buy from someone else. This company is horrible with, with horrible customer service. Don't waste your time.

it was pretty good!it just has very few scratch on the side but i can not see it if i put the case on it.!!:)

I received my phone yesterday 8/14/13 brand New in the box as stated by seller, removed my sim card from my T-Mobile phone inserted in my Galaxy Note, at first it did not register on network, so I powered down the phone, then restarted it, sim was active synced my contacted from google. The music with head phones is awesome out of this world, the screen resolution is clearer than my HD Television at home. Very satisfied and would recommend this phone to everyone looking to upgrade, or just purchase a phone.

This product has livved up to it's expectations!! Came in excellent condition and functionality is top of the line.. Love it!! I will recommend this product to anyone based on my experience.. The features are cutting edge, the screen clarity are magnificent and overall an outstanding product.

Shopped with this provider before. This time was nothing short of awesome. My sister loves her new phone and that's all I could ask for.

I love this phone and all the features.. However, I had a hard time sitting it up with straight talk.. They helped me set it up a bit frustrating but finally got it.

Bye bye iPhone. After much research and many questions to users of others brands, I settled on this phone. I've had it for about 10 days now and after getting used to a new system have come to thoroughly enjoy it. Placed a call to my older (late 70's) sister who picked up the phone saying, &#34;I can hear you! Your voice is so clear.&#34; 'Nuff said.

After one day it turned super slow. The ppi is low and feels cheap. It did come early. I hate the bottom lay out

I am extremely satisfied with this phone even if it's not the latest Tab.  I purchased this phone because it was unlocked, under $300, and it has a screen size that accommodates my thick fingers.  The phone arrived brand new and with the latest version of android available from Samsung for this model.
