
I like the size, the features which are easy to use. I especially like the kepad lock. And I like the way Tracfone works. The trip minutes are great, too.

I would love to write this is a wonderful phone, it is when it's working. Keep having a problem, I give it a full charge, talk on phone, put it in my purse, next time I want to use it, it lights up - then goes black. Like I have no battery life left. Everything was froze, when I finally got it to light up again by plugging in the charger. Nothing would move, would receive calls but could not answer calls. There is a way to fix this, shut it down, take out the battery, put battery back in, it will work again. I called Tracfone to tell them about this so they'd have a record, I just purchased the phone 2 months ago, they told me to take out the battery, wait a little while, then put battery back in and it will work. Their right, it does work, only to do the same thing the next time or two. Can't recommend this model, even though it is a nice phone, with all the bells and whisles, not worth your time or effort.

There are a few features that are a bit annoying on the phone like the fact that every message you receive will always tell you time was deducted: haven't found a way to turn that off.  However, really like the keyboard on the phone and the phone Operating system isn't too bad.  Has nice features with microsD for music or whatever. It's not a smartphone, but it'll do for us who just want a phone and nice way to send text messages.

I replaced my 6 year old very reliable LG flip phone with Samsung S425g but I am disappointed. It suddenly stops detecting network connection for no reason. You realize this has happened when you have not gotten a single text or call for many hours. Turn off the power and turn it on it detects the wireless service and operates fine until it happens again.  I called Net10 tech support, they gave me the ridiculous reason that newer phones need a stronger cell signal to connect compared to older flip phones.  Bottom line this phone is INCONSISTENT and UNRELIABLE.

I am very disappointed with this phone.  I purchased it in order to have easier email access, however although there is an email icon on the display, I am only able to send an email by going through the browser, thus using up minutes.  What's the point of having the email icon if it's not going to work.  This was supposed to be an upgrade from my four year old flip phone, that worked perfectly fine, except for not holding a charge very long. I should have just stuck with my old phone until I could afford a regular monthly plan elsewhere.  My next upgrade will certainly not be with Tracfone or a Samsung.

This is my return to pre-paid phone service.  I got fed up with one of the major carrier's high monthly cost for a Droid smartphone, about $100.  With my usage on this Samsung phone my cost is about $12/month when I buy minutes in bulk (thanks to triple minutes).  I only use this for basic phone and SMS texting.  I do not use the web browser and haven't tried playing music from it. I don't check email on it or any other data service.First the good:- Porting of the number was easy.- Indestructible.  I've dropped this numerous times on pavement without so much as a scratch.  I took it to the beach and it fell out of my pocket into the sand.  I was able to use canned air to blow the sand out of it and it still works great.- Battery life.  I get about 6 days of moderate use, about 10-20 texts a day and a couple dozen minutes of talking.- keyboard is nice, buttons are illuminated and provide a nice tactile feedback when typing.  I would say this is as good as my Droid 2 smartphone was.- Bluetooth works nice, paired and when I talk on it I usually use my BT earpiece.- Camera isn't bad and nice to take quick pictures of something.  I've been able to tweet a picture from this phone via SMS.- I was able to easily import the address book from my Droid 2 using the Samsung PC Studio.The bad:- If I miss a call the notification is there for days or weeks.  I can't seem to clear it.- No easy way to turn on vibrate only for notifications.  The volume switch on the side will only make it go completely silent.  My Droid let me hit the down button once after silent and it would turn on virbrate.- Non-Samsung micro USB wall chargers will not work with this phone.  I have several from my Droid 2 and they do not work with this.  The Samsung charger works and connecting it to a computer via USB cable will charge it.- The web browser button gets hit by accident a couple times a month which causes me to loose a couple units.- Can't delete pictures that came with the phone, which takes up space.Overall not a bad little phone.  My requirements were to have a QWERTY slide out keyboard, bluetooth and prepaid--which this phone does well.  I do have problems with reception more so than with my Droid 2, but I am also on a different carrier.  I can't vouch for data services but if you need a good basic prepaid phone with a keyboard this is a good deal.

I bought this phone to make calls and to text. I don't care about internet access. This phone kept draining my account in fractions of a minute as it frequently tried on its own to access the internet. The documentation does not tell you how to turn this feature off. TracFone customer service at 1-800-867-7183 walked me through turning it off. It requires clearing the cache and turning off cookies. Now with the hole in the bucket sealed, this tripple minutes plan should deliver the value it promised.

This phone exceeds my expectations.  I have gone thru several lately, trying to find one that is user friendly and does all that I need it to.  This certainly does.  Delivery was super and the 3X minutes for life on the phone is a great bargain.  Battery life is good.

It may not be a smart phone per say. But it is very easy to use. Being able to slide it open make things easy. A great value for people on a budget. Because it is a tracfone you have several options on the minutes you get for it. If you go for the value plan, or the cards the minutes are not only tripled, but they roll over every month if you have any minutes left over. So you should be able to find the right amount of minutes for you. There is no contract ever.

This GMS phone picked up calls and also Internet pages in weak signal areas, much better than my old Samsung phone about two years old.I particularly wanted a full slider keyboard to enter bookmarks (favorites). Samsung offers also a PC application called New PC Studio for Contact syncing and various file transfers which can include mobile javascript apps that are found on the Internet. They are limited (called midlets or J2ME) that run. Now this is not a smart phone but does have some outside uses.I use infrequent minutes and Tracfone's Pay As You Go prepaid no contract plan is inexpensive. I purchased only a 60 minute 90 service day card for about $20 but with the triple minutes for life gave me 180 minutes. I don't quite understand it but I also received 150 service days. Perhaps a promotion was going on.My application for this besides ordering take-out food while on the move and having it for emergencies, also lets me look at weather radar and cloud images from the Internet to plan photo shooting in nature reserved. A typical current weather data plus a forecast and a cloud and radar image uses about four to six minutes (one minute charge per megabyte).You do need to order a micro USB cable to connect to a PC directly from Samsung although it is listed by third party sellers for sync and file transfer applications. No tethering is available to use the phone as a cell modem for a laptop.For me the lack of wi-fi reception was not an issue since in my location few exist and none at my nature photo sites.I did not see a smart phone with a full physical keyboard and for me this phone performs nicely.

This phone is just what we were looking for. It is a slider which is getting hard to find. looked at all TracFone outlets without success.

After purchasing this phone I found out that it's not compatible with the bluetooth in my car only for use with a headset. I think they should tell you that in the discription on the phone since it's true for all tracfones.

Very good and enjoy having it.  I just need to learn to use more of the things it has on it.

I don't use the cell phone very much. Like to carry one for &#34;just in case&#34; moments so I've been using Tracfones for several years. So far this is the best one that I've had. My last one was an LG and the batteries are horrible for holding charges. Even after purchasing an extra one, I always had to worry about whether or not my phone would work when I needed it because the charges were so erratic with holding their charge. So far the battery is working well with the Samsung. The number pad is nice sized (no tiny buttons), the touch screen is nice to have, and the slide out keypad is great for texting (even though I don't do much of that). As I said, this is the best Tracfone I've had so far and is great for someone that wants an up-to-date phone that is easy to use. Having the triple minutes is a huge plus, too!

My daughter needed a prepaid phone for intermittent use but wanted a large keyboard since she mostly texts us.  Finding this style in stores locally is almost impossible.  I didn't care for Tracfone's service when trying to get it activated.  In fact, it took more than a month to get the bugs worked out of their phone service and get it working properly.  I will not likely purchase another Tracfone, but will not hesitate to purchase a Samsung phone from any other provider.

The phone works well. The keyboard is a bit tiny for my fingers, though I figured that would be the case--as is the case with other phones. Tracfone works very well for my needs.

I returned...but may order, again, later.

I've been a tracfone user for years (I have an aversion to monthly phone bills but I do like having a cell phone for emergencies) and I have been through a number of cell phones.  I like having a phone charged and ready if I put it in a drawer for a week but at the same time I have big clumsy sausage fingers.  This turned out to be the phone for me!  It has excellent battery life and the full slide out keyboard is so much larger than my LG500g.  I found that the battery life on smartphones is terrible for somebody like me that doesn't use their phone every day.  I also like feeling the keys unlike the virtual keyboard on smartphones.  Plus, when the keyboard slides out the screen turns sideways and faces you to make texting even easier.This phone has bluetooth, camera, full QWERTY slide out keyboard, and speaker phone.  It also has a micro SD (the directions say it takes up to 32 GB but I used a 4 GB with FAT32 file system) slot on the side for ease of accessibility unlike my LG500g that put the micro SD card behind the battery.  Additionally, I like the feel of the big number keys on the front of the phone.  You can also hook this up to your email account and it has a browser, though I haven't tried this since I just get on a computer with a big screen to do anything on the net.There are 3 things some people may not like.  First is that there is no headphone jack on this phone.  It has bluetooth and I imagine that you could just get a bluetooth ear piece for phone calls or a pair of bluetooth headphones to listen to mp3s.  Second is that it's difficult to get your old phone book into this phone.  My other phone (LG500GHL) was able to send my entire phone book in 1 file.  This new phone connected to the LG just fine with bluetooth and got the file but only put 1 of 88 entries into my phone book.  I also could not get it to restore my old phonebook by a file on the SD card.  I wound up sending each entry in my phone book over bluetooth using the send as business card option on my LG.  This had to be done 88 times and was very tedious.  Fortunately I only had to go through this process once.  Finally, I cannot now find a way of backing up my phone book on this Samsung.Now about changing alert tones.  The default Samsung sound for incoming texts is a bird whistle.  This can be a rather embarrassing sound when you're a guy in the room with a bunch of other guys!  I had to apologize on behalf of my phone when I first got a text.  The instructions with this phone didn't explain how to change it.  Go into your sound profile section and enter the normal profile.  From there you can change text sounds to other canned sounds or pick other sounds to take one off your micro SD card (my sound is an mp3 file on my micro SD).  Menu>Settings>Sound Profile>Normal>Call or Message Tab>Call Ringtone or Message Alert Tone.Oh, and the triple minutes on this phone is nice.  I buy $30 cards every 3 months and I'm sure that'll be more than enough for me and then the extra minutes just roll over :)I would definitely recommend this to anybody who wants a good reliable phone with ease of texting!I just found out something really cool.  First let me tell you that I thought it strange that this phone had no games installed.  Well, I think this is intentional so that there will be space for you to install what you want.  I searched around and found a couple sites with games for this phone.  This phone takes non-Tracfone java apps with a 240X320 screen size.  I was able to install a couple different Sudoku Games, Bejeweled Twist and Google Maps from my SD card.  You should turn the phone off before ejecting your micro SD card!  I just found the download links on the web and chose download to pc.  After that I copied them to the card which I then put in the phone and then went to the My Folder and then pushed the rocker to the right to tab over to On Card and selected the java file (.jar).  It will prompt you that the content is not signed.  Press Cont. to proceed and then Install and Play.  If all installed OK, the app will show up under Games & Apps.  Pressing the option button in Games & Apps will let you delete the app if it didn't install right.  Remember to shut the phone down again if you want to eject the SD card again.One last thing-the slide out keyboard does light up...pretty cool!!

Still having problems with sending texts and they don't go through all the time.Takes time to get going once in awhile

Phone seems to be OK, though I need to learn more about it.  I am very dissatisfied with the battery, I have to charge it every day, even when the phone is turned off. Very frustrating!!!, Can I get the battery replaced? I believe this one is defective. I have only had this phone less than two months!!!!!

Purchased to replace an older Samsung TracFone. Although the Menu screen looks like a touch screen it is not.Registering it and transferring my minutes was a snap using the TracFone website - successfully completed it in one attempt, including the triple minute feature.I will use it mostly for telephoning and texting, and I found voice reception to be clear both ways, and text sending and receiving to be fine.  The slide out qwerty keyboard is a welcome change from the 12-key keypad on my old phone,and there's ample room to use the top row of keys w/o touching the phone body.Adding new contacts is easy, and the "Display Name" feature allows you to access by a nickname or code yet still have the first and last names listed. The directory has three main fields (mobile,landline,email) and six optional ones to reach your contacts.The menu is easily navigated.  While this is no iPhone, the "Voice Services" is a fun feature, allows you to utilize features w/o having to use the menu.  It includes an "Adaption" option to familiarize the phone to your own voice.I haven't used the camera much as yet, but it has exposure options and then edit options once you've taken a photo, as well as options to forward the photo by email, message, or Blu-tooth.It also has a camcorder function I have't tried.There is a link to an excellent PDF User Manual available for downloading at the TracFone website for this model.Not exactly a smart phone, but not as dumb as my previous phone, and I am very satisfied with the product and price!Samsung S425G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes (Tracfone)

I've had Tracfone for about 5 years. Up until a week ago used a $9 Motorola flip phone, which I loved because it reminded me of a Star Trek communicator. It's only drawback was that I could not upload and use ringtones that I had made myself, and I yearned to have "This is the voice of the Mysterons. We know that you can hear us, Earthmen" as my ringtone.So I finally gave in last week and bought this phone. I transferred both time *and* minutes from my Motorola, which I had not thought I could do. Also transferred my old number, and it took about two days for that to activate. (If you bought your phone in one zipcode, have moved, but kept your old phone number, make sure you give your *old* zipcode and not your new zipcode when activating any new phone. Otherwise, folks who used to be able to dial you by area code and then phone number will have to put a 1 in front of the area code, otherwise they'll be told the number has disconnected. Alternatively they'll just get a busy signal.The documentation for this phone sucks, nevertheless I tried to figure out everything myself instead of calling customer service because the last time I did that, a few years ago when trying to figure out how to get my personalized ringtones on my Motorola, I did not have access to a native-English speaking helper, and the question I was asking could not get through to her.I'll tell you what worked for me - your mileage may vary.So anyway, it has an MP3 player. You do not need special software to transfer music or radio drama from your computer to your phone. I used the USB cable that I got for my Kindle. Turned off the phone, put one end of the USB cable into my phone (same spot where the charger goes) and the other end into my laptop. The phone popped into life and started looking like it was charging its battery which had me nervous, but all was well, it was installing software on my laptop. Then I opened up my Computer, and there was my phone (identified by the nickname I had given it). I doubleclicked on the title to open it and could not do it - it said it didn't have the right kind of file to be opened. However, on a whim, I dragged the icon from a 25-minute radio program from my laptop onto that title...and it began copying. A phone screen popped up on the phone which asked me where I wanted the copy to go to, and I said my SD card. Took no time at all to copy it. Turned off my phone, unplugged the USB cord, turned it back on, found my SD card and played the radio program. The volume is low, but that's the only drawback.Setting up emailIt took me two days to figure out how to set up my email. Suffice it to say if you set up an account and make some mistake, delete it and try again. Or maybe don't name your email account the same as your nickname for your phone...maybe that was my trouble. Anyway, it asks for you to name your account, and input your email. Use your computer email - your yahoo.com address or whatever. Make sure you scroll down and fill out all the fields it asks you for. In the receiving fields, it will sync with your computer email and you can set it for when it will do this - every half hour, hour, up to a day.Personalized ringtonesThe first time I set up my email, I failed. Didn't know what to put in for the email, thought I had to use my phone number. (Not so, that's for text messages.) So I instead used the recorder to record the ringtones I wanted, and save them to my SD card.Ringtones for messages, alarms, callsThere are two different places where you set this up. For messages, you have to do it in Settings>Sound Profile>Edit. Here, you can select, using the exterior chrome around the big button on your phone) Call, Message, or Phone. Call alert type is melody for sound, or vibrate. Again, you have to scroll down to see all the fields. For messages, the only ringtones I could get to were the ones on my SD card, not on the phone itself. But it's easy to move ringtones and recorded audio from your phone to the SD card.To set ring tones for alarms and individual callers, you do that through your My Folder>Audio. Listen to it, click properties, use Set as.Downloading personalize ringtonesOnce you get your email set up, simply send a message to yourself, and attach a ring tone. It can be no larger than 21 kb. Then, when your phone syncs to your email, open that particular email. The default is for it just to download the title. "Retrieve" the entire email. Then, using the chrome directional thingy (around your main button) scroll down through the email til it highlights the attached ringtone. Select it, it will ask if you want to save it and where to. Simply put it on your SD card.As for the phone turning on when you get a call - I thought I'd imagined this but apparently it happened to someone else. Also, my phone turned on to wake me up in the morning, which I wasn't happy about. (But it played my "Surface agent X20, what have you to report" personalized ringtone, so that made me happy.)The keyboard does lock after a ridiculously short time, only a couple of seconds. I unlocked it for good in tools when I'm at home, but set it back to lock when I go out and about.Also under tools you can set a password to get into your phone. I haven't done this because I don't have any sensitive material on my phone, but if you do, set a password and make sure it's one you can remember.

The delivery and condition of the phone were perfect, however, I thought this was a touch screen phone, so my daughter was very disappointed that it was not.

this is a great phone if all you need are the necessities.  it has an affordable rate plan which saved me 60 dollars a month and since im not a heavy phone user i never run out of minutes.

Value & still lets me type texts.  Has a calendar.  The memo section works, but does not let you store much in each memo (don't like, but can deal with).  There are some other little quirks that aren't as user friendly, but overall it is a great low budget phone for the $.  The battery life is incredible.  I try to charge every night, but there have been days on end when I forgot.  I have never run out.

it is what it is. and for a tracfone it's dope, querty keyboard, good features, the 2mpcamera is a it weak, but we're talking a tracfone for 50 smackaroo's. the menu is a little clunky. but it gets the job done. be well, and god health

I &#34;upgraded&#34; my LG Tracfone to this Samsung based on many of the reviews. It is okay and serves my purpose. I find there are way too many steps to send a text and unlock the phone to make a call. I am also having a problem with an echo (my voice) when I am talking to someone....If someone can help me with that I would really appreciate it. I have a lot of minutes left so will stick with this until they are gone and perhaps look at other options at that time.

This is a very good phone with all the basic functions that I was looking for at a reasonable price.  Bought the S425G to replace an LG because the keypad on the LG was very difficult to read and the Samsung slide out keypad is far better.

I had just received a LG-800g and simply hated it !  I ordered this phone the very next day and got it in very short order. I LOVE this phone. Great reception and transmission. Very easy and interpretive to use. The sliding keyboard is a dream to use with my older citizen's eyes and fingers. It makes adding all your contacts manually a breeze. The construction is great with nice heavy solid feel and no more butt dialing as with the LG-800. Highly recommend this phone if you just need something a step up from a flip phone and do not need a smart phone.

Hate the Tracfone service! Absolutely hate their confusing minutes and billing practices. Went with them because this is the phone I wanted, Straighttalk didn't offer this phone or actually one similar (not at the time) so got this phone and had to switch, but I can assure you when I run out of my current time/minutes I am going back to Straighttalk. Interestingly, even though I could not buy this phone from them for their service, I believe I can transfer my service to it. Go figure.

A great phone for about 2 weeks, then the qwerty keyboard started not working . I decided to turn it off then back on, which locks the phone, &since the keyboard doesn't work, the phone is just locked up for good. I called tracfone, they immediately sent me another one. Interesting..... this is the first time I bought a phone from somewhere besides tracfone site, &it didn't work out.

Bought this phone from TracFone 2 months ago for $39 plus a $15 gas card.  Haven't used it a lot, but so far have been very pleased.  Battery life is exceptional, I leave it on almost all the time and get 4-5 days before it starts to discharge at all.  One thing I don't like is the predictive text entry, it is a royal pain, but easy to disable once you know how.  I've only used the web feature a couple of times, and haven't found the cost prohibitive.  If you only use it once in a while, it doesn't cost a lot, plus the triple minute feature helps a lot.  The phone doesn't look like it will hold up well, the slider keyboard is a little loose, and the covers for the charger port and mini-SD card are cheap plastic, but, we'll see.  Overall, a very good phone for the money, lots of features, and you can't beat the price.

We have a few tracfones.  Our next purchase will not be a tracfone.  To fix any simple problem you'll need to endlessly call customer service, punch codes (strings of numbers) into your phone and then get misdirected.

Well, so Far I've used the phone a little over a week now, and it's all in all a good phone.  Gets decent signal in places I didn't previously get much of a signal, and is pretty decent with size wise.  The querty Key board is a little small for my bear paws,(i'm a big guy and with sausage fingers it's kinda tough, but I don't let it get to me.) other than that, it's a good phone so far.

Purchased for my wife.  She is not comfortable with &#34;advanced&#34; electronic devices, but this phone is just right for her.  It does what it says and does it well.

Took me a while to figure out the settings, but it works fine and doesn't cost much to own. Easy to text with... again, once you figure out the work flow. Samsung clearly didn't put their &#34;A-Team&#34; programmers on this unit.

Came on time, no complaints here. Very good condition, like brand new! Would recommend to anyone. Love everything about the phone

fone will not stay on have to turn it on everytime i want to make call.i found this a very annoying  because i takes awhile to turn on

returned it .did not like it and somehow they sent me two of them.

Its hard to use.Every time you touch it ,it eat your minutes.never tell someone to buy.The cost is Ok.but eat minutes.Put simply instruction.Key pad much too small.Am not that good.Atleast make it simple.

I love this phone. I REALLY love the triple minutes :) It has some wonderful features, like the slide out qwerty keyboard; memo to write yourself notes; audio recorder to record notes to yourself, etc; camera and video-you can change the video length to use in a text; eco calculator lets you figure out your mpg!!; voice command that I haven't used yet;  and email that I haven't tried yet; also bluetooth that I haven't tried yet.I would be lost without the alarms and the calendar, my life is in this phone. I was disappointed there was no headphone jack as I listen to my MP3 player a lot. They make an adapter I got for only $10. I have mine set on the ecomode, (under display), and it gives me great battery time even when I text alot, (which I do). There are lots more features I haven't even mentioned. It also can hold up to a 32GB micro card, I have a 4GB and have tons of room so far. This is an awesome phone for the money!!!!

This phone is great for people looking to text quickly without spending hundreds of dollars on a smartphone.  The slide out keyboard is easy to use.  The audio quality can be a little subpar but not terrible.  All in all I enjoy the new phone and would chose it again given the option.

The phone is not the best and not user friendly. If you click the right button while on the main home screen it charges you for browser. When trying to get back to the menu the phone does not always allow you to do so. The phone works alright and does not freeze often. The multitap on the front of the phone works very well.

This is a good phone.  I bought this to replace an old Motorola phone. The screen is large enough.  The number keys are big enough to dial. It's easy to navigate. It turns on and off easily.  The keyboard for texting is easy to use.  It has a nice camera plus many more extras. The screen is not a touch screen but it is simple to use not frustrating as some phones are. Entering my contacts was not difficult. I am happy with the purchase.  I have been a Tracfone customer for 10 years.  I do not use my cell phone that much but I have always been satisfied with the quality of the service.  If you use your cell phone a lot, Tracfone may not be the most economical choice for you; but for me the 1 year membership card works out fine.  The customer service is an experience!  But if you are patient they are willing to call you at your convenience and transfer your phone number and minutes to your new phone. If you have any problems, use the contact page on the Tracfone web site.  They called me back within one hour and my phone was working within 5 minutes.

This item is exactly as it says, work very well no matter where I am even northern NH and ME and does not break the bank, very pleased, thanks

Triple minutes, music player, keyboard, refurb that looks and works as good as new for 1/4th the cost! I like it better than the LG800g it replaced.

This phone is great. I love the slideout keyboard. The phone is slim and is easy to text and use.

It is so great, so much better than my old cell phone and very easy to use thank you very much!

I always had a tracfone, seen this on Amazon and upgraded not only the phone, but triple minute.  This phone works anywhere I am (except for the mountains in the Catskills, Upstate NY).  Got a Great Buy and Thank you Samsung.

When it was recieved the battery was too large for the phone,  I had to sent it back and Amazon was great about the return as they always are, they sent me a prepaid return label.  I bought it at another place and love it,  You can get on the internet with it and it takes great photos

The spell check should only have 2 stars though it is not user friendly and just has a shallow amount of words, also it is not easy to add words to it.  The pull out key board is very nice and i think deserves 5 stars.  The fact that you might accidentally hit the browser button and start getting charges is a 1 star, you can't turn it off so that you won't do that, I called and asked.  Speaking of calling customer service it can really range in what it can be.  I was really disappointed... ticked! when I found out they did not triple my bonus minutes and said they could not refund that so that I could do something else, so it gets like a 1 star for that, but most of the time its ok.

I have not used it much. I thought it was going to be a touch screen, but it isn't, so it took a little time to get used to it, but that's OK. My disappointment is not with the phone per se, but with the reception I am receiving with it. It is almost touch and go whether reception will be OK or not, and this may be the fault of my location, although I have two other cell phones that work well at same place. Bought this specifically to use in this location.

This was a great buy and an easy phone to use....has all the features I  need and then some. Has most of the features of an expensive phone without the high price...is texting is easy to use and it has voice dialing which is very convenient.

I liked all aspects of the phone.  I don' have an IPhone, but this does everything I need to with a phone.

the add said triple minutes for life after set it up I could not see where I have it I donot like it

I chose this rating because it was difficult to set up. The instructions were confusing and didn't cover some of my questions.  The phone was  easy to drop because itwas so small. The camera switch was easily turned on by just holding the phone.

Phone is okay-but the browser button is right there above the button that turn the phone off and on with. In other words one can accidentally press it and the get on the internet , which then gets deducted. Also have not figured out how to easily access the speaker function (while talking for instance). I know that you can go into settings, but would like to be able to access it right away if it is needed during a call.

I purchased 2 of these Samsung 425G tracfone's as Christmas gifts.  One of these works decent and the other gets no service and both are used in the same area.  Never had luck with SIM card phones.

If telephone and texting fit your needs this is a nice phone.  If you are looking for e-mails every day, or internet use, you will burn a lot of minutes.  If you are looking for internet connections and apps, you should get a android smartphone.  I knew all this when I sent back my Samsung S390G because it was calling 911 from my pocket.  I have not had that problem yet with this phone.  I didn't think I would miss Wi-Fi connection, which has strangely been deleted from this phone. I was wrong.  I installed Opera,  but frankly I have not used the internet much.  It's just not that robust on this phone.  Having just bought my wife an HTC one V smartphone from Virgin Mobile, my idea of what a phone can do (and the monthly cost)has changed dramatically.  I will probably continue to use this phone for 4-6 months before I go to a smartphone.  Prepaid providers like VM, Cricket, Boost, and Straight talk have brought the monthly cost of a smartphone down dramatically.  Tracfone owns Straight Talk.

I like the phone, but probably won't buy a Samsung phone again because of the browser feature. I don't use the browser, but if you press the back button an extra time it opens the browser and deducts minutes  I've lost a lot of minutes this way.Tom

I'm enjoying the phone and it fits my needs perfectly.  Now I can text my grandchildren and get an immediate response.

I was so disappointed when I tried to activate this phone.  After trying several attempts online, I finally called Tracfone to activate.  Long story short, this phone &#34;does not work in my area.&#34;  I wish Amazon would include some sort of a link on the site to help indicate where phones will/won't work.Tracfone's website was of no help in figuring out what phones work where.I was able to return the product to Amazon for a full refund.

the phone looks good, but i can't really say how good it really is because the sim card would not let it work. So i have had to contact tracfone to get a new sim card. Oh and the battery, which i did fully charge is losing it charge alot faster than my OLD phone? So we will see in the near future how it works or not. Shipping was good as expected. AFTER a week or so of using it with a new sim card will tell me more. THANK YOU, MIKE

Mostly a very easy phone to use. Has exceptionally long battery life. Camera picture quality is very good if you can hold the phone still enough to prevent motion blur. Sound quality is very good and speaker phone is good quality.Sending pictures to another phone is pretty easy, sending it to e-mail is a little more involved. Texting is pretty easy but it takes practice to find what it does with each key, manual that comes with phone is not a good source to show how keyboard works.....

I really like the unit and the pay as you go plan (minutes not months).  I like the slide out keyboard - I really hated earlier phones where you had to hit a key multiple times to get the letter or number you wanted - much easier with the slide out keyboard.  Also, the batter is VERY GOOD and lasts a long time.

It seems to leap to the internet when I have not pushed a button for that.  I liked the first phone I had which allowed me to transfer pictures directly to my email from the phone.

Ordered this phone for a friend.  She wanted a basic phone, but not too basic.  She's very happy with it and loves the slider.

Easy to setup and use was up and running within minutes Would recommend to anyone. Must buy for anyone who texts and doesn'tspend a lot of time on the phone

I originally wrote this review 3 days ago, and gave it 4 stars at that point. However, I'm finding myself increasingly annoyed by its quirks, so I dropped it down to 3 stars.In the interest of being slightly more concise while not discouraging others from buying this phone, I'm going to leave my original positive points, while listing only the negatives that I find the most annoying. If the things which I find to be a hassle aren't going to be an issue for you, then I suspect as so many other reviewers have found, that you may be very happy with this phone. But for me, I'm just finding it to be frustrating compared with the simpler (though much less feature-rich) Motorola C139 which I had to replace.Given that I'm a heavy texter and a very light talker, the rates offered by Tracfone are better than any other prepaid / pay-as-you-go rates plans I could find.The other feature which I use heavily is the calendar and its associated reminders, and that's where this phone just doesn't cut it for me.Pros:* The phone has a very solid feel. Nothing cheap about it. The keys are neither too soft nor too hard.* The voice quality is very good, and the speakerphone seems reasonable.* There's flexibility for adding multiple numbers (both landline & cell) as well as an email address, in each contact entry.* I'm very pleased with the email feature, both in terms of functionality and cost. It was simple to set up. When downloading emails, you'll see the subject line and sender, and then can choose to download the full text of individual emails; you can download attachments or just the text. You're limited to 100k sending/receiving at a time, but that's not a concern for me. The cost, unless you're sending/receiving pictures, is significantly less than texting. The only reason I would have gotten the LG 840G with WiFi was so that I could periodically use email or get to the web without having to use up minutes, but this is much more cost effective than I would have expected, and is one of the most pleasant surprises I've encountered with the phone.* The ability to assign shortcuts with the Go To key is very helpful and flexible. You can assign top level menus or some sub-menus (e.g., top level "Messages", or sub-menus "Create Message", "Inbox", "Email", etc).* When creating a text or email, it will show your recent contacts, or if you want to choose from all your contacts, it will only show you the applicable ones (i.e., those with a cell number for texting, or an email address).* The browser is relatively inexpensive for text-only sites. You're charged by the amount of data you transfer, not how long you're in the browser. Another reviewer (StuRat) recommended the Weather Underground Braille pages, and I find they work very well. The other sites I have bookmarked are CNN's home page, RSS pages from Sports Illustrated and AP, and Google Search. I find that RSS pages are particularly useful, as they're almost completely text, and provide the ability to see the headlines without having to click on a more costly page. StuRat also mentioned the Wikipedia pages for mobile devices, but I haven't tried them yet,Cons:* Switching between different text input modes (T9/abc/symbolic) is rather confusing. You can change it in "Options" when texting, but only with the * key when creating memos, calendar entries, or tasks. Also, the last setting you used will come up whether you're in portrait (keypad) or landscape (slider keyboard) mode, so if you've been using T9 in portrait, the next time you use the slider keyboard, it will start in T9 mode instead of Abc mode. All of this makes it hard to send a quick test reply in portrait mode if you had previously been using the slider.* The volume keys on the side only affect incoming calls, not text or alarm volume. The only way to change the alert volume for texts is from within the "Sound Profile" settings. With my old phone, I could rely on the volume changing for calls/texts/alarms. I've had to resort to setting up the "Driving" sound profile for use at work and my normal profile for the rest of the time.* The calendar is anything but intuitive. Too complicated with too many required fields, and hard to know exactly what it's going to do. As another reviewer mentioned, the end time defaults to 1:00 AM, so if you change the start time to anything reasonable, it will complain about the end time. My old phone's system of defaulting the start time to the current time, and giving a default duration of 1 hour, is so much simpler.* Alarms from calendar entries and tasks which occur when the phone is powered off, will not show up once you power the phone on.* An alarm which comes in while the keyboard is locked, will cause it to unlock.* For recurring appointments, you appear to have the option of "repeat monthly on day" versus "repeat monthly on date", but there seems to be no way to chose the former.* There is no setting to automatically delete old appointments after a certain number of days, so you'll have to delete them yourself in order to avoid hitting the limit of 100.* Unless you use speed dial, calling a contact definitely takes too many key presses. It's 4 steps using the "Quick Launch" button on the side, and I don't think there's a faster way, even with the "Go To" shortcuts.* Unless you set the default phone numbers for calls & texts in a contact entry, it's hard to know what number it will use if there are multiple numbers in the entry. But even with the defaults set up, if reply to an incoming message, it's not always clear whether you'll end up sending a text or an email. I've seen what appears like a short code (5 digit text number) appear as the recipient for a reply to an an email, so I decided to delete it and then choose the contact again so I could be sure I was sending an email.I want to like this phone, but it seems that I'm having to work for it, instead of it working for me. If I eventually get to where I'm more comfortable with it, I will gladly bump it back up to 4 stars.***********************************************************************************One more update. I only got a new phone because I was having issues with long texts on my old phone giving me an "Incomplete Concatenated Message" error periodically. Well, today I got a 415 byte text that was garbled. The same part of the message repeated itself over & over, with the rest of it never coming through. I suspect there are issues with Tracfone and AT&T; in my area. I won't dock any stars from the review for that, but after my minutes are gone, I'll be done with Tracfone and go with another carrier. No point in contacting their customer service as they are pitiful.

Don't need a smartphone - this phone does voice and text well enough.  Haven't used other similar phones so can't say if it's better or worse. Works for me.

I haven't used them, I get free minutes anyway. I don't have any other statements to make here.on these minutes.now.

Let me preface this by saying I started with TracFone 10+ years ago when I rarely used the phone, and it was 50 cents a minute. Now, I have a family plan on T-Mobile with my fancy Samsung Galaxy Note II. However, I still have my same TracFone line and number as an extra line. I've had pretty much every TracFone available and upgrade when I see something worth upgrading to.The S425g is the perfect phone if you must have a physical slide out QWERTY keyboard. The keyboard has a very good tactile feel and just works well. A separate number row at the top of the keyboard would be nice but it would also make the phone more bulky, so it's a worthy trade off.Call quality is great, and a bonus is that this phone is 3G-capable. Most of TracFones phones are 1X aka 2G so your coverage is more limited nationwide if you travel. This phone uses AT&T;'s network via TracFone, and coverage has been great. Battery life on the phone has also been very good. I charge it once a week since I rarely use my TracFone.IMPORTANT: because this phone is 3G, it uses the new (and unfortunately poorly documented) internet/data charge rate structure. You are charged by the 'byte' as opposed to the old way of 0.5/unit per minute of being online. So, you gain much faster data, but you have to pay more for it. I have a lot of minutes built up so I prefer this, but I know this is a let down for some folks. Picture messaging also uses data, so rather than the old rate of maybe 1.5-2 units per picture sent/received, this one can range from 3-9 units depending on how large the picture is.As long as you keep the price of this phone in mind, you'll be happy. It's not a smartphone, and doesn't try to be. Don't expect to have a super duper great web browsing experience on this phone, because you won't get it here. This phone excels at calls and text messages, with the occasional web browsing if you need to quickly Google something.

Just an ok phone. Not as easy to work with but I don't live on my phone like a lot of people do.

I have this phone, and so far it seems to be working well. It has a micro-sd card so you can play music and save pictures and movies. However, I have a jawbone Icon which is a bluetooth 2.1 device and it will not connect to this phone.I dug into the bluetooth menu and found that it has bluetooth hardware 1.0 which is the oldest, and wiki says it was 'plagued with problems'.It's too bad a nice phone like this can't connect to the jawbone. I'm not sure what I'm going to do about an earpiece now...

I like this phone a lot! Good battery life, good in call audio quality, and a usable feature set. The slide out key board is very good and easy to see, makes sending text messages a snap. Screen size and quality are very good.Too many phones have either a nice loud ringer and a not so loud ear speaker, this has both - very nice.Camera and video quality are pretty good overall, very usable either way. And with 32GB of add on memory capability,you can pretty much save and store as much as you want of anything. DURABLE !!! this phone came out of my pocket at 70 mph on my bike and lived with NO loss of function at all. Granted, i had a full coverage case which took almost all the abuse of the fall. But hey,that says a lot about the build quality. Sure,some denting of the plastic case and the slide out hinge is slightly bent - but still works 100 percent. Good tough phone.Yes it has internet, but...a little costly in minutes to really use a lot. A little slow, but it will work in a pinch if you need it to get information or do some emergency banking etc.On the tracfone plan it's hard to beat triple minutes. If you live on the phone, pay as you go may not be for you. It will add up over time. But it may still be slightly cheaper than a monthly plan, but not by too much.Overall i give it a ten out of ten. Get a protective screen film, the hard multi piece case, and a fully protective leather case and it's almost bullet proof.You could do an awful lot worse for a phone. You will not be sorry you bought this one - and you'll have it for a good long while too.

I ordered this phone about a month ago and I can say It's a good phone for talking and light texting but I purchased this phone to use as a business line and its not equip to handle the high demand of texting that my business require. it also lacks an ear bud jack! I haven't used many other functions on this phone because I just couldn't get pass the fact that texting on the keyboard was a bit quirky(keys are small and hard to press) and the screen functions as well as options were Not so user friendly. But decent, seemingly well made(nice size and weight) phone for personal use.

Though I still have not learned how to use all the services on this phone.  I do love what I know and can do so far.I love it.  And my young niece put a ring tone on it from my own music collection.Thanks much.

We purchased this phone for my daughters first phone. The trackfone services very reliable and they have great coverage. The triple minutes makes it very affordable.

Actually we are still learning how to use them but so far they are working just great. We'll be on a learning curve for a little while yet.

The phone it's self is a good value and works fine. I have yet to find a data cable and the software required to make it work.I'd like to get a cable and an adapter for ear buds that will work with the s425g. Anybody that knows a supplier for both, let me know.

Well the phone is pretty good, but if you use it in an area with a touchy signal you will lose out. If you try and send a message it deducts the time immediately from your phone even if the text doesn't send. Each attempt you try and send deducts time from you. You can be showing 0 bars or 3 bars for signal strength and it send right away. Then you can show 3 bars and it won't send. There seems to be no pattern for this other than the phone steals your 'minutes' away at each attempt. I consider one definition of theft as paying for a service that isn't provided and that's what this phone and/or service does many times. If it wasn't for the triple minutes i'd probably be broke right now, but am I really getting triple minutes when it takes multiple attempts to send one text? I suggest that you stick with an unlimited phone plan and let Tracphone know what they can do with their service!!

really like this phone so far. Like the slide easy to text. Have not experienced any of the problems the other reviews talk about. To activate was very easy. Don't use that often. Good for what I need it for.

This is a well made phone and I'm very glad I picked this one over some of the other Tracfone choices!  The slide-out full keypad makes texting much simpler and faster.  Having your minutes tripled each time you need to buy more is going to be great also!!Buy it, you'll like it!

Great phone - lots of features &#8211; price was higher than if purchased directly from Tracfone - arrived on time

I believe there should have been more instructions with  it so I could easily read how to use all of the features.

I've had other tracfones and had no problems.  This phone, the brower does not work.  Says Service unvailable.  I can send and receive messages great. Due to the browser not working, I can not foward on pictures.  Called trac several times and have gotten no solution or advice to this.  Anyone else have/had this problem with this phone?I like the phone otherwise

When we first got Tracfone's we got a LG touch and hated it.  It ended up losing half the screen in the heat so I had to buy a new phone, darn.  I bought this Samsung after reading great reviews and I love it.  So easy to text and pretty dependable.  I had an issue with it last night freezing up but I just turned it off and back on again.  It's fine now.  Overall glad I bought it and would buy again.

Got for my 75 year old mother, she loves it and the ease of use.  the browser button is a little too easy to activate, but over all a good phone.

I replaced an LG 800 with this phone. I'm not an advanced techie, I just need a phone with me in case of the unexpected (car trouble, bike trouble, etc.). Bought this mainly for the keyboard, the 800 had a touch screen keyboard that was a nightmare to use. The 425 is a breeze, which matters a great deal to me because that's mostly what I use it for. The sound quality for calls is excellent also. The phone also holds a charge for days, I usually charge it once a week or so. If you're like me, who just needs a phone to be a phone and to text, you can't go wrong with this one. Very satisfied!

I really like the phone.  It's taken me a while to be able to navigate it, but I'm not very cell phone savvy.

The buttons on the keyboard are too teeny tiny!!! I bought it because I wanted to text more easily... Now I'm sorry that I did!!!!

I love Tracfone.  My family does not use phones alot, so Tracfone works well. This phone has a nice keyboard for writing texts.I spend $20 for 90 days.  A great deal.

I like this phone a lot but the browser button is in a bad spot!! I have already pushed the browser button 5 or 6 times trying to......I'm not even sure. And every time you hit that browser it starts taking minutes away. I wish it was in a different place then I could love this phone. (sigh) I sometimes wish they would let me design my own stuff! I guess it's fine though and the price is good and I do love Tracfone!! Good phone at a good price over all.

I have this model of phone myself, bought one for spouse.  Feels solid and works well.  Very basic, but nice.

Difficult review in some ways as the phone itself operates wells but parts of the service from Tracfone and the seller (Talkin Tree) leave a lot to be desired.I initially purchased a new version of this phone from Tracfone directly.  But after reading a positively glowing review on the refurbished model, I decided to try the refurbished since this phone will be used as a back up phone only.  The difference in cost was about 10.00.The phone arrived from TalkinTree quickly and appeared brand new.  Nicely packaged, with clear, easy to follow directions on how to activate.  After trying to activate the phone via Tracfone's website, I received an error message and was instructed to call the help desk.  After close to 30 very, very painful minutes with a non native English speaker who was honestly trying her best, I was informed that she needed to send me a new SIM card.I appreciate that out sourcing is here to stay.  But when you can't understand someone's accent and they are trying to get your address, phone number and two sets of 12 digit number series - 30 minutes of repeating yourself, asking for the other party to repeat themselves over and over again - was not worth $10.00.The SIM card arrived within five or so business days.  Once the card was replaced, activation via the website was simple.  The phone came with free 10 minutes (which was doubled due to the lifetime double minutes feature).  Also nice is that the time to expire is also doubled.  So I have 20 minutes to use in 60 days.  Supposedly, if I purchase additional minutes prior to expiration, tracfone minutes are supposed to roll over.  That would be nice.The phone itself is a typical candy bar slider.  The number keys on the face of the phone are difficult to push with the ball of your fingers.  You have to use your fingertips.  So, if you have fat fingertips, this might not be the easiest phone for you.  Keyboard when used as a slider is fine.  Easy to text with your thumbs.  Dedicated number pad when used with the function key.Display is typical for any decent basic phone.  Per advise found here, I set up the ring setting for outdoor profile and it's plenty loud enough.For a backup phone or for someone who prefers a limited use phone, this is a good choice.  Except for the bad SIM card and the support service's language barrier, I'm satisfied with the purchase.

I really like this phone, easy to use, easy to see  and type. I would recommend this product to anyone

Great for those that want to keep it simple. Just enough and not to much. I love the triple minutes. Great savings.

I'm pleased with my Samsung phone.  It took a little getting to used to because it's not a touch phone, but after using it for awhile, it was fine. The reception is excellent when you're on a call ... no background noise or calls fading in and out.  I had to call Tracfone when I was setting it up and they were really helpful.  I also like the fact that when you buy minutes, they always offer free minutes with your purchase.

after doing my research decided to get this phone.has nice features and a nice weight.got more for my buck than I was expecting. and it holds the charge better than other phones I've owned.I highly recommend this  phone.

I got this for my grandaughter for christmas and she loves it. She had the old tracfone and this was a bump up to exactly what she wanted. works great for her and with triple minutes it is a awesome deal!

Tracfone is a great company, this phone gets triple minutes which is a fantastic deal and the phone is easy to use.

Shipment was fast and phone works great.  Everything as advertised.  I am fully satisfied with this product and would recommend this phone, texting is much easier than my last phone (LG800).

The phone has good reception inside and outside a building. However, the phone is impossible to see when outside. I would not recommend this phone.

The phone is decent, I bought mine from Amazon refurbished for a fraction of the cost compared to a new phone.It is easy to use, has decent call quality, but the key pad is a bit hard to get used to at first (the letters are so small)I like this phone, it's not bad for the price (if you're just looking for something to text and call on without apps)For those looking for android smart phones and the latest technology this phone is NOT for you. With this phone you can still have one basic email account.Not bad at all, this is a decent enough phone for emergencies, light texts. occasional phone calls but that's about it.

Its a basic phone.  I have trouble with the voicemail since day of purchase and still haven't resolved the issue although I've started with the customer service several times.  Just gave up each time cuz it was taking too long.  Also, for whatever reason, if you receive a text message, only occasionally does it give a sound to notify you.

As far as I know, my daughter loves her new phone. She really liked the green buttons, and the fact that it's similar to her old slider phone.

I love that I can text from a qwerty keypad now! I had an old style and had to push several times for each letter, which caused me to not like texting, love that I can easily now! I have used tracfone for years and have never experienced any problems, customer support is good (even though they have thick accents) they are very courteous and helpful.

Really like this phone, tracfone works very well for me, no contract, no monthly bill. Love the slider key board, great for texting, easy to use.

This phone was just what I was looking for.  I can't afford to have a smart phone, so buying minutes as I need them is just right for me.  The triple minutes feature is such a bonus.  I'm new to texting, so the slide out keyboard is great for me.  The reception is really good too.  I would highly recommend this phone!

$6.99..... I've seen this phone retail for betwix $49.00-79.00, but when I saw this phone for $6.99 Refurbished, well, I had to give it a shot. I am glad I did! The phone arrived in just two days! The packaging was solid, and everything inside the box was as close to being retail as it could be. Activation from un boxing to first call was LESS THAN 15mins.I can not say enough about this phone for the price, and ordering experience. OH,! And by the way...it comes with Lifetime of the phone TRIPLE MINS!! So...when I bought my first airtime card for 60mins....the phone read 180mins. So whatever airtime you buy....triple it. If you buy 90mins....you'll see 270 when you activate the card.....buy 250mins....yep, you got it....750mins!!! So there ya go..... You can't beat that. I'm not a sponsor or employee, just a regular customer..... And when I review a purchase, I'm dead on real honest about it. Enjoy this awesome phone.$6.99.... I still can't over that. Well....$6.99 plus tax and 2.99 shipping I think....anyway, just under $12.00 said and done. And wicked fast delivery..... ENJOY!!

I charged it 3 weeks ago and while using it here and there it still has bars left on it. very user friendly, I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a prepaid phone, I dropped my phone onto a hard tile floor with no case on, and not even a scratch, I love it. I give this phone 5 big shooting STARS.

I wouldn't be able to discern this one from a brand new, store bought phone.  It works perfectly and I love all the features that this model offers.  It has T9 prediction / correction even for the QWERTY input, multiple profiles (including a power saving profile) and ringtones can be set for individuals or groups.  The camera is pretty decent for such a small phone and the audio recording is okay.  All in all it's a great device and you can't beat the triple minutes it gives you.

Terrific phone. I was really sick of an LG tracfone that never took calls well. You always wondered when it would drop calls. Ugh..hated it.This, however, is a nice little phone. All my calls go through, the messaging is a snap, LOVE the slide out keyboard.Add triple minutes, you got a good deal! Don't hesitate!Wanted to add: I love the voice command feature. Hit the voice button, and say, "Call Mary" and the phone does it. Wonderful feature....really handy and it works really well.

Phone works, but navigating all of the various functions is too maze like. Texting takes a bunch of steps to create a message and then send it. Same thing with saving contacts, changing the settings, and other basic functions. The lock/unlock function is great, but you can't click the screen off with a close button, so you have to wait until the screen blacks before sticking it in your pocket, or you might make an accidental call. The phone comes with a user guide, but I found an icon that appears onscreen that I can't find any explanation for, not even from Samsung, because they referred me back to Tracfone! Speaking of tracfone, beware. Tracfone is great if you don't ever have a customer service issue. I wanted to port a number from another tracfone, which looked simple to do on their website, but failed. I had to call in, and it took 4 days on the phone (about an hour each call) with various customer service managers to get it done. My reimbursement for all the time and hassle was 20 added minutes. Also, I just recently went to a sporting event and when I arrived my tracfone was useless, citing &#34;emergency calls only&#34;, while my friends verizon and att phones worked just fine. I plan to switch phone and carrier as soon as my minutes on this tracfone are used.

Tracfone is not my cup of tea. This system didn't work for me. So unfortunately, unless I can figure out a way to unlock the phone from tracfone's service, its really been a waste of money. It was difficult to use - and I've had all types of phones. To make a phone call that required you to use the number pad during the call was really not user-friendly.

I researched this phone EVERYWHERE before I picked it, which I did after a friend tried to text my landline.  Welcome my telephone use, at last, to the 21st century.  Reception seems fine, but I wish its ring were louder.  However, I'm tickled as no youngster would be by its bells and whistles!  The slide keyboard means I don't have to figure out how many times to poke a number to get the right letter.  The slot for a micro SD card lets me carry music with me.  The camera (probably my other motive for buying a modern phone) is fine for snapshots. But after Selfies hit the news when President Obama took one with Angela Merkel, I was disappointed to discover that only Smart Phones take them.  Much as I like this phone, its intelligence is merely Above Average.  Would I have sprung for a smarter phone had I known?  Probably not.  This model is perfectly adequate for the purposes for which I chose it, and for a few more purposes as well.  AND it was reasonably priced for its features AND is a Tracfone (i.e.,no contract should I hate the century after all) AND it gives me triple minutes as long as I renew in time, which will encourage me to renew in time. In fact, I find myself growing downright fond of this little machine.

Only had it for a week, but it works fine and it looks great.  Smaller than my other LG food, but the keysare bigger, and the keyboard is great.  Love it.  The window is the same size as my other phone.  Sofar great little phone for the money.  Can't complain  I wasn't looking for a smart phone, just a phone tomake calls and text.

The phone it self was nothing more than what I wanted and thought it would be also very pocket friendly

For the person who doesn't need the latest and greatest.Does everything and yet low tech.Great for the over fifty crowd.

Rgis was an upgrade for me from a very basic mobile phone- it is not an Iphone but is very good at what it does.

Should have kept my older LG brand....the buttons were larger and the tone was better.  The Samsung is OK, though.  Just personal preferences.

Had trouble pocket dialing Emergency with my other one so I decided to upgrade to one like my wife has. It works great and has triple minutes so I don't have to worry about running out too often.

I am very happy with my phone and service. The phone is easy to dial on, text is easy and the triple minutes are just the correct plan for me. I made a great decision when I switched from Verizon , who offers no rollover minutes and the cost is way over the top to tracfone ! Love the phone and the service!

It is everything it said it would be.  It is easy to use and understand.  It arrived earlier than anticipated.  Very satisfied with the phone and the service

I have used other Tracphones. I am not a heavy cell phone user, but I wanted a qwerty keyboard to text  to my friend since I am movingaway.

It is not a real smart phone and has all the normal limitations of a Tracfone meaning that it has bare bones features that can't be changed or adjusted or expanded.  Forget about APPS (applications), no real options for additional programs or features.  Menu can't be changed or rearranged.  Buttons work well.  We have not had any autocall problems but it will get turned on if it is pushed/squished in a purse etc.  Even a medium firm case won't keep the buttons from being pushed.  You would have to have a rigid hard case to completely prevent button pushes and accidental turning on.  We haven't had problems, but have seen this when testing it to see what other reviewers were talking about.

We bought this for my wife's 64 year old mother who was torturing herself learning how to text using T9.  This is just what she needed to gain the confidence and efficiency necessary to keep up with the grand kids.  She will be ready for a smartphone in about 20 minutes I suspect...she is hooked. :)

This is a well-built phone that is perfect for someone that doesn't need all the features of a smartphone, but would like something better than a flip-phone.When looking at many of the choices for Tracfone-compatible phones, you can tell why they cost just $20-30. It's almost like they are built to be thrown away, and the reviews seem to support their lack of durability.Call quality has been very good, texting is easy using the slide-out keyboard, and the triple minutes keep the airtime pretty low-priced.For a few extra dollars, you can get a good, reliable, and sturdy phone that feels good in your hands. I highly recommend picking this phone up over the cheaper models that are available.

I love this phone. Once you get used to the full keyboard, you'll never go back to multi-tap/predictive.  The triple minutes are of great use, and I seldom have to load another time card on.Unfortunately, a water bottle in my backpack exploded, completely waterlogging and destroying my phone. So, not waterproof... Also unfortunately, I got the cheap $10 tracfone. That was a HUGE mistake, and I plan on re-purchasing this phone ASAP.  The cheap crappy one is driving me insane. ;)Shortcut buttons are easy to use, and I miss them and the keyboard dearly.

It is not as loud as I was wanting but it is great phone over all. The triple minutes is nice.

I found this phone to be about as close as you can get to a smart phone (such as an I-phone or Android) without being a smart phone.  Lots of features, nicely thought out.  I get good cell reception and call quality.  I like the larger than normal screen and the slide out qwerty keyboard.  I have huge fingers (sausages) and have to be careful when using the keyboard.  Not a fault of the keyboard, people with normal sized fingers should have no problem.  The internet capabiity is actually not bad at all (I rememberTracfone's early attempts at internet connectivity and it was very frustrating).  However, I would not recommend the phone for someone who wants to spend a lot of time on the internet.  Its perfectly fine for the casual user.  Not enough feature capabilty for a heavy user.  Does not support playing of streaming video.  Able to take pictures and video.  Has better than usual battery life when compared to other phones.  Supports a vocal command interface.  I've owned several non-smart phones and this is the most feature rich one I have so far encountered.  There is a free app available from Samsung that will allow you to sync the calendar, events and phone book entries between a PC and the phone.  I LOVE this app!  Store all that information on the PC for back-up/restoration.  If the data gets damaged on the phone some-how, I can get it all restored from my PC in about a minute.  I also like the ability to put a 32GB storage chip in the phone.  I've got about 20 full length movies and the entire 7 or 8 years of the TV series Northern Exposure loaded on mine with about 1/3 of the memory chip still available.  The picture quality is amazingly sharp and colors true.  In order to load this type of video, you will have to buy some software that reads DVD's and digitally stores them according to the screen size of the phone.  I think I paid about $25 for the one I use (FOXReal DVD Ripper).  So, I'm very happy with phone.

Product offers attributes of more expensive phone for a fraction of the cost.  I am very pleased and have recommended it to others.

I bought this as an upgrade from what I had.  I found the transition from a much simpler phone to this easy although it has taken some time to learn all the in's & out's of it.  I wish there was a handy dandy manual somewhere for us old folks who didn't grow up with this technology, however, I have managed to work my way around it which says more about the phone then me!

great phone for the price. would recommend it to anyone that texts a lot. Easy to use. Only had it for a month but has work great so far.

Been with Tracfone for many years. This is the fourth phone I've had with them and by far my favorite.  I had a touch screen before this and it drove me crazy by either being too responsive to my touch when I did not want and not responsive enough when I was trying to scroll through options. The slide out keyboard is great and I like that it gives the phone more substance(a little heavier, not flimsy)without being appreciatively larger in over all size. The triple minutes is a great value. If you have never used  a Tracfone, I believe it is the best cell phone deal out there and the coverage is really good and NO roaming costs.

I like this model enough to replace it with the same thing, after I washed the original one I had. (Not Recommended - Kids Do NOT try this at home.)

To send a text:Menuarrow down one icon to Messages, SelectSelect Creat MessageChoose Send ToIn the To: field, You may enter the phone number here.If you want to use Contact info, Select To: press Options.Select Add Recipients(This shows me the last three recipients, Recent Contacts, Contacts, Groups)Press SelectIt takes you back to recipient list to enter a 2nd "To".Press Send.Are others like this?  Lots of steps for a text.A little background:  I lost my LG phone with the touch screen.  That phone was excellent in all ways except texting on the touch screen was horrible unless you used a closed pen tip as a stylus and the touch part had to be a deliberate push/hold in order to key in or select.  My daughter is a literal pro with phones and couldnt get it to work properly without exagerated movement.  She really, really didn't like that phone because of that. lol  Other than that, it was a great phone!I never take the time to do in-depth reviews because it's not that important and usually something that's already been said.  So the norm is pretty brief.  I probably do too much information on this one just because I wish I'd seen this info before I bought this phone.  I would have looked for a different one just because of my personal preferences and this one kind of goes backward in basic quality, features and ease of use.  For me anyway.I was excited to get this phone because I much prefer the slider keyboard.  And the keyboard is great. The numbers on the keyboard are on the right, which means you don't have to stretch to the other side to enter. I think it's easier for right handed people.  Not sure. lol  The phone volume seems loud enough for me with my bad hearing and it does have a speaker phone feature.  My husband said it sounded good on his end but it sounded like it had noise cancellation or something which made it sound like there were gaps in the conversation so you end up talking over each other since you didn't hear them start to talk.  Lots of stumbling in conversation sometimes.  Just have to get used to that I guess.  The phone came with no games, and some pretty ugly ring tones to choose from.  There isn't an icon for the camera.  You have to go into tools and select it.  Same with Calendar, Alarm and etc.  You would think you could choose your icons or have two icon screens for the extras.  There are two small buttons on the lower right outside edge of the phone. These are "short cuts", one for the camera and the other is for a small row of feature choices, on the on the bottom of the screen.  They include phone call (which just gives you a screen to hand enter a phone number which is normally done on the opening first screen), texting, browser, music, games, and believe it or not, back to the opening screen.  You could have just hit End or Back rather than scroll over to it on the end.  The camera button is somewhat pronounced so that's ok.  But the other end of the button is almost flush with the phone.  And they're the same button, but act like up down volume buttons.  The flush one is the first/on top so you feel for the camera button and push down just above that I guess.  Otherwise you wouldn't normally feel the other part.  The volume button is one solid pronounced button, you either push the top part of it or the lower part.  These should probably be like that, for ease of use.  I would have to use two hands so I wouldn't hit the camera button and because it's so low on the phone for a right handed person, it's hard to hold the phone and select especially without a cover that isn't slippery.  To me it's the "short cut" isn't any faster, and probably slower, to do than going into the menu, then to tools to select each feature. So, you're going into stuff to get there all the time.  Not liking that very much.  It's very much a basic phone.  No frills at all.  And it costs the same as the LG touch screen phone and my old Samsung slider.  That's why I was surprised at such a discrepency between the features on the phones and ease of use.  The slider part is a little wiggly when its closed and you're handling the phone.  Not very tight when it's closed.  I love Samsung, but I'm pretty disappointed in this phone.  I was sure it would be at least as good as the LG I lost or my old Samsung.  Not at all.  Obviously, others think it's great, and I'm not sure why.  Must be going back to the basics, sort of.  As I said before, I love Samsung phones and have been loyal to their brand whenever possible.  Until the LG, because it had the touch features for the same price as this one and included some other nice features such as swipe screen and etc.  Both have triple minutes, which is a must for me.  Hopefully all this blabbing provides some useful information for someone.  I will edit this post if I find anything that I wasn't aware of before.

Right button should be for 'contacts' not the stupid internet..... the volume control works well, too many buttons on the sides of the phone, GREAT connection - beats all of my other phones, it takes TOO MANY pushes of &#34;ok&#34; to do something,,,,,,I won't be buying this phone style again from this company.

Very easy phone to use.  So glad I chose a phone with a qwerty keyboard...texting is so much easier that way.  I'm still learning how it works and have pressed 'browser' twice without realizing it. I really need to see if I can remove that from my screen since I probably will not be using that feature.

Researched phone on Trac Phone website. Input my information for phones that would work well in my area.  This WAS one of the phones. It did NOT work. Called customer service only to find that this phone would NOT work in my area.  Checked back into website to see if error was mine, it was NOT.  So I have a problem with Trac Phone, not Amazon. Unfortunately, I had loaded an airtime card to the tune of 50.00 which was lost.  Company, (Trac Phone would do NOTHING to help me with this).

I really like this phone.  I bought it because of the slide-out keyboard since I do a fair amount of texting.  It took a while getting used to the keyboard; I kept hitting the wrong key, even though I have small fingers.  But I've got it figured out now and can text without a problem.  I didn't like the predictive mode on texting so I changed it - it wouldn't let me type certain words - not swear words either!  You can download your own ringtones for the phone, but not for text messages.  I like this phone much better than the touch screen phone I had before.  I'm glad I made this purchase.

I had my red Motorola C261 for about six years and an old first generation Nokia before that.  I've been with Tracfone a long time.  Excellent reception everywhere.  I bought this one from the Tracfone site primarily so I could text - something I have never done since on my previous phone it was a terrible PITA.  I don't text much, nor call much, but there's times texting is necessary so I figured a slider keyboard would make things easier and it has.Standby battery life is sure better than my previous Motorola.  Everything about the phone is better in fact, except it's a little larger and heavier than my previous little candy bar.  It was a good step up and only cost $39.95 with triple minutes.I like it.I've had a couple problems figuring out some strange phone behaviors - things I couldn't find in the tutorial or manual, and tried in vain to get some help from Tracfone CS.  That was a vain hope.  They're useless except for very basic tasks like selling additional minutes.  Thanks to another reviewer on Amazon I did unravel the problems and everything is now five stars.

A very inexpensive and feature filled cell.  Unfortunately, the Nuance voice control feature has problems.  Initially it worked but now it does not output audio nor does it respond to audio input.  I've had this happen with more than one unit, so I believe it's a bad implementation of the software.

The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars, is because it's so big.  Otherwise, I really like the slide out keyboard.  I'm not really into the cellphone website browsing thing.  It's not worth the price....But I still wanted to get a phone with a keyboard for easy texting.  This one fits that bill.  I also like the triple minutes.  :-)

Arrive quickly and just as expected.  Came with coupons for extra minutes that I liked. 5 more words are required.

The phone is harder to use than I thought. I said I would get discounts on added minutes, however the coupons were out dated by couple years!!!!!

Tellin' you, this is a good phone for the money. Matter of fact, I've only owned Samsung phone because of their high quality. I picked up an 8gig memory card and the OEM headset that works with this phone -- loaded it up with music and was pleasantly surprised all the way around.Dumped Virgin Mobile due to their "unpredictability" these days -- they're finding new and nefarious ways to charge customers who do not need or want a monthly 'plan'. Used them for nearly 10-years and finally just gave up on them. I'm sure that Tracfone will PRONG me too... :o)  Anyway... nice phoneAddendum June 26, 2013 ... Ok, now I LOVE the phone. It's everything I need and it is performing well. Also surprised at TracFone's coverage area. TracFone slaps Virgin Mobile back to last week.

This is a very good GSM phone.  The camera is very good for a  cell phone.  Compared to the similar CDMA model, this phone is less expensive but also has less coverage in rural areas and I have so far been somewhat disappointed in the battery life which is considerably less than the CDMA model, the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5.  Still, based on my experience I would highly recommend this phone, particularly if you text much.

This phone is better than I thought it was going to be. Samsung always makes a great product on everything theymake.

The slide keyboard is nice. The interface is clunky and cheep like you'd expect a prepaid phone to be. Lets be honest, you're not buying it for its awesomeness. Here's a BIG set back though --- The keypad is supposed to be 'locked' when it's in your pocket. Even with the keypad locked, if you manage to hit 0 three times in a row, and then OK - it dials an SOS 911 call. You would think 4 key strokes would be enough to avoid pocket dialing, but nope. I've pocked SOS'd 5 different times with this damn phone... and guess what!? There's NO way to disable the SOS option. I still use the phone because, money. But if I had it all to do over again, I would have found a different prepaid. Maybe you should too.

After reading many reviews I decided to get this phone.  No regrets.  Great phone for what I need: mainly to talk and text easily.  I like the keyboard rather than virtual text.  Keyboard is stout and makes texting fast and easy.  There is good call quality and nice ringtones.  Easy to navigate.  Good battery life.  I'm very pleased with this phone.  I do wish they made covers for this phone but the rubberized covers for the Samsung Evergreen will fit this phone nicely. A great little phone especially if you want to upgrade from a flip phone but don't want to invest in an IPhone.  I also like the 'no contract' aspect.  I feel in control and can buy minutes whenever I want.  No more being stuck in an agreement with a phone carrier.

1.  Touch the browser button by accident and get charged time even though it doesn't actually connect, and if you don't notice you can lose all your minutes in a few hours--what a rip-off!2.  You also had better power this off and on at least once daily or it will be unable to see a network.  Even then it can lose network connectivity for absolutely no reason!3.  It may take hours if not days for TracFone to notify you of a missed call or a voicemail.  I have missed several important messages due to this nonsense.  They have no reliability in this area.  And I'm not exaggerating about it being days!4.  Supposed 3G connectivity is absolutely no clearer or less staticky on this phone.  My old Motorola flip phone with TracFone was just as good and didn't lose connectivity nearly as often.

Initially had to call Tracfone customer service to transfer an old Tracfone phone # to the new phone.  Somehow, both phones ended up deactivated and couldn't be reactivated.  Had to wait several days for a new SIM card to be mailed to me.  After installing the new SIM card, the phone still couldn't be activated.  All of the minutes on the old phone were lost; I had to purchase new minutes.  Then the new minutes couldn't be added to the new phone without additional phone calls to customer service.  Eventually, after literally hours on the phone with customer service, the new phone got activated with the minutes added.  After activation, the phone kept repeatedly trying to "Login" to somewhere (I don't know where, I wasn't trying to do anything), costing me small amounts of airtime every time it attempted to perform this login activity.  Another hour long call to customer service may or may not have fixed the problem.Tracfone customer service reps. speak English well and are fairly easy to understand.  They are unfailingly polite and professional.  Unfortunately, they don't seem to actually be able to DO anything to help you.Since the phone did get successfully activated, I will use it for a while.  But I will take a hard look at services other than Tracfone next time around.

The phone is a good value for the money. The only thing I have issues with is speaker volume during a call. It is too low. Other than that quirk, I recommend it.

I never use the slide out keyboard, but I would consider this one of the best phones I've ever had. It works great. But, within the last week I have been having problems with Tracfone service. I'm not sure if it is because of the phone. I added 1000 minutes 2 days ago (resulting in 3000 minutes) and ever since then, I have had 'no service'. I called the company on another phone and waited for 2 hours, talked to 5 people, and didn't get a resolution. Still not working :(

I did my research and this seemed like the right phone for me, however although I bought it through Tracfone according to my zip code, once I transferred my number and minutes over, I couldn't make a call.  After an hour on the line with Tracfone, they decide they will send me a new SIM card. Online ticket system says &#34;3-5 days&#34; until it arrives. 3 weeks pass, no card, another hour on the line and they're so sorry but it seems I need a new phone not just a SIM card.  3 weeks pass, no phone, and my ticket number disappears from their system.  Of course, I would have had to return the phone within 1 month if it was defective (which it is) and we're past that now.  I'm throwing the phone away and will find something else.  BOTTOM LINE: turn this thing on immediately, and call their service every day until you get your answer.

This is the third Tracfone I have purchased. My wife has the same phone and I liked the features it has, especially the slide out keyboard. I am hearing impaired so the ease of using the speaker feature is appealing. Not so pleased with the auto correct feature when texting. Can't seem to turn it off. Otherwise it's a great phone.

I liked the information in the reviews, which seemed very informative, so I ordered this phone. Charged it overnight, it seemed to work fine the first few times I tried it.Whenever I tried to charge it, the screen indicated that it was charging. After another charge overnight, I got a low battery message when I tried to use the the phone. I used the included charger in an outlet I often use to charge other phones.After still another charging session overnight, I tried to use it and it failed to turn on. The battery indicator doesn't really let you know how charged it is. The cells in the battery icon are blue on a blue background. Is that charged? It looks exactly like it does in the Services Guide that accompanies the phone. The guide does not cover charging or how to read the symbol on screen. There is no place in the menus to get a percentage of charge or time left.While the phone worked, it was able to pair with a Bluetooth speakerphone in my car, got decent but not fantastic coverage, and the audio quality on a few brief calls was fine.There's no mention or documentation with the phone for getting triple minutes.I don't like giving one-star reviews, but given that the phone is not working, it seems the only fair rating. It's going back to Amazon tomorrow. I might try another one, or might try something else.

I gave this phone to my wife. She wanted it so she could text easier. Her phone didn't have a qwerty keyboard. She is pleased withthe phone. She has one complaint, the phone tends to think it knows what she wants to say & it changes letters as she is writing aword. I am not sure but I think it has something to do with &#34;spell check&#34;. I am going to check the manual to see what I need to doto correct the probiem.

Will be returning this phone because it does not work with straight talk. Purchased this phone for a friend who was replacing the Samsung S425G which no longer worked but which she liked a lot.  She uses Straight talk because of cost and convenience.  She had bought this to use during her vacation but has not had a working phone since then.  I'm very disappointed for her as I understand that the phone is no longer available at Walmart and we were so excited to find this one which alleged that it worked with straight talk.My friend has MS and this Samsung keyboard works well for her.  I had purchased this as a present for her and she still is without a working phone.

This is my third trac phone. I got exactly what was described in the ad, setup my phone and haven't had any problems. I was glad to find a phone with triple minutes and actual buttons. I hate touchscreen phones more than most people hate their jobs.

The phone came with a very limited manual.  I don't know how to use all the features.  Where do you go to to find better instructions?

The phone got good reception, that's the best thing I can say about it. I would power the phone off, but if a call came in or an email arrived, the phone would turn itself back on. Very annoying, especially if I was in class or at the movies, etc.

Let's face it, if you're even looking at this phone and review right now you're the kind of person that doesn't need the newest Japanese import phone released.  The selling price on the phone itself is more than reasonable, and the &#34;Triple Minutes&#34; for life feature speaks for itself.  Best bet is to buy &#34;Airtime Minutes&#34; from a 3rd party website instead of the official Tracfone website.  There are plenty of reputable sites that off a very marginally cheaper rate, but give you the added bonus of &#34;Bonus Minutes&#34;  For a mere $29.69 I bought 120 minutes which in turn turns into 360 minutes after the &#34;Triple Minutes&#34; THEN got an additional 30 &#34;Bonus Minutes&#34; from the website for free.  So for $29.69 I got 390 minutes AND/OR 90 additional days of service.If you're anything like me, you don't talk on the phone at any given time for longer than 5-10 minutes.  So for just under $30 you can talk on the phone virtually limitless amounts for 3 full months (Assuming you talk/text as little as myself).As for the phone itself, it won't win any beauty contests...It has a very dated look to it, sliding phones apparently are not cool anymore, who knew?It's not touch screen, but that's fine with me, my OCD kicks in with anything touch screen and I cant help but wipe the screen after every use.It's EXTREMELY simplistic in it's menu navigation.I have yet to actually use the browser, but I would imagine it's quite horrible, but let's be honest... Again, if you're even reading this right now or looking at this phone, you don't really care about internet access on a cell phone, you just want a reliable phone that costs next to nothing, but can still text/call people when you need it.Overall, my rating THUS far has been nothing but good things. 5/5Oh and don't buy into all the people bad mouthing Tracfones.  I bet 99% of them are not even real people.  If everyone paid as little as Tracfones for their cellular service, iPhones, AT&T;, Virgin Mobile, etc. would be out of business.

After "borrowing" a cheap LG Tracfone for one summer, I was ready to upgrade before I went to college.  This phone stood out to me partially because of the 3x minutes, but mostly because it was a slider phone.  For anyone who prefers sending a quick text to talking, try a slider--it's infinitely easier.I spend the first evening trying it out (like all Tracfones, it has the same basic screen design, so with my prior experience it was fairly easy to navigate).  The MP3 player was super-easy to use and my micro-SD card melded perfectly with the phone.  All the hardware functions on the phone worked perfectly, including the QWERTY keypad, which is nicely designed with little soft, raised keys that help me from punching the wrong key by mistake.  The phone itself was shiny and a little slippery, so I quickly ordered a hard-case for it, as well as a screen protector.Some petty things stood out to me, though.  First, I did not like most of the ringtone options (I want a ringtone I LIKE, not one I want to shut off quickly before it gets too annoying). Yet it is $3 plus minutes off your phone to download any new tunes.  Secondly, the phone had no headphone jack (Why? With an MP3 player in it, the least it could have was a way to listen privately to the songs.)  But once I did download the right ringtone, the quality was great, and the speaker on my phone is pretty good--I can turn on some music and have in playing nearby while I'm working.Overall, I loved the phone, and even though I had a bit of a hassle setting up my phone number, voicemail, and finding a signal strength strong enough to download a ringtone, everything was up and running by the next day.

We were looking for a Tracfone that would take videos and easy to use.  This did not have quite enough features and we bought a different model.  This one and our new one come with triple minutes for life, a great thing!!

About half the people that come in my home can't use their monthly service phone. No signal. Same with my business, at least half can't use their fancy phones. My new Samsung S425G phone works great in both places. No problem calling or receiving. If you don't spend a ton of time on the phone this is the way to go. It's tons cheaper. You can buy a 3 month, 60 minute card for $20.00. With this phone you get triple minutes so now you have 180 minutes and 3 months to use them at $6.67 a month. It's even cheaper per minute with higher minute cards. If you really don't use your phone much like me then the 400 minute with 12 month service is your best buy. With triple minutes you get 1200 minutes and a year to use them. I've seen the one year card offered by Amazon for Just under $77.00 with free shipping. Lots of time it's offered buy someone else at just under $85.00 and $5.00 shipping. Anyway, if you can catch when Amazon offers it your talking $6.42 a month with 100 minutes you could use per month and not run out of minutes. If you don't use up all your minutes and your monthly service is almost out, you can buy another card and, keeping your service active, it will keep your unused minutes.Besides the phone actually working I love the Mp3 player. You need to get a micro SD card for storing your Mp3s on. You can get a 4 GB for five bucks. I got a 16 GB for fifteen. Max card size you can use is 32 GB. You need a micro USB cable to plug your phone into your computer so you can transfer your music. Max it will let you store on your phones SD card is 1,000 songs. The Mp3 player is laid out nice. You can make playlists, put under artists, album, how ever you want to arrange it. It's so nice because you have a speaker to hear your music if you choose to. You don't have to have ear buds. Now the speaker has no bass, none. How could it have in such a small package. It provides some background tunes when your out side working or taking a long bath or what ever you might be doing. To intently listen to music though you will want ear buds or plug it into your home or car stereo. Which brings up one of two things I don't like. It doesn't have a 3.5mm (1/8") input jack. You have to buy an adapter as far as I know. Amazon lists them for just under $8.00. I'm going to get one. There might be ear buds designed to fit the micro USB input. I haven't looked. I want the adapter so I can plug into stereos. The other thing I don't like is when playing music with the speaker, the volume doesn't get as low as I would like. Wish it would go one click softer.Works great for texting BUT it's a half minute to send and a half minute to receive. It will only let you send or receive about ten words at a time so you can't get around it with long messages. You need to get to the point of the text if you don't want to use up allot of minutes. So it's going to cost you 4 cents to text your wife to please grab a loaf of bread on the way home from work. The slide out keyboard works great even with my big fingers. It looks so small but I have no problem with it. It's will lit and good looking. In fact the phone is just good looking. High quality throughout.IT IS NOT A TOUCH SCREENYOUR GOING TO WANT A COVER, This thing is the most slippery electronic device I have ever held in my hands. I just new I was going to drop it before my case came but I didn't. I found my case here on Amazon under cell phone covers. I don't remember the name or model but they don't offer that many for the S425G anyway. It was black and about 6 or 7 bucks. It fits perfect. It's hard plastic with a rubberized outside coating. Now my phone has all kinds of grip. You can also safely lay it on its face to hear the speaker better. It adds little to the bulk of the phone.It also has a web browser that works fine but is not near as good as surfing with a computer or tablet. Kind of slow and sucks minutes like a brand new vacuum cleaner. Mine will be used only if there is no other choice.Front display tells you signal strength, battery condition, day & date, time, how many minutes you have left, how many days of service left, what the top three button functions currently due among a few other things. Screen quality is good but not great.It has a 2 MP camera with a small amount of digital zoom. Audio recorder that records your voice or what ever. 4 alarm clocks. Calendar that you can put notes on. I'm pretty sure it will even sound to remind you of something on a set date. I'm still trying to absorb all the features. A place to type in tasks. Memo. Calculator. Tip calculator. Eco calculator for figuring miles per gallon and cost per mile. Converter for converting to metric among other things. World clock. Timer. Stopwatch. SIM APP. (Don't no what that is but it says you have to unlock it). It has Voice Service which is really cool. Just talk to the thing. Say call (name) and it will call who you say as long as that person is in your contact list. Tell it to send message, lookup name. Go to or check. Works every time. Of corse it has voice mail which was easy to set up. Has email but I haven't messed with that. Looks like it might be a little more trouble to set up. Place for pictures. Place for video but has to be in Mp4 (I think) format. Haven't tried that yet either. You can download games and apps. There are supposed to be some free sites but I haven't looked into it.You can download a much better Manuel than the one the phone comes with by searching (support Samsung s425g Manuel)Update  02-12-13 Items I have bought  to use with this phone!Case - Samsung SHG-S425G black hard case cover (described above) $4.47 plus $2.98 shipping (I think they have several colors to choose from. GREAT CASEEarbuds - Samsung OEM stereo earbud headset for Samsung T359 smile (these have the micro USB end so you can plug it directly into your phone) has a button close to the right earbud to answer the phone  I'm guessing. I've never used that feature. One wire is shorter than the other and it so the button doesn't get lost down your shirt or coat. That way you know it's up close to your right ear and easy to find in a hurry. They are comfortable and sound good.  $6.09 with Prime shipping.Earbud Adapter - Samsung micro USB to 3.5mm headset adapter (bulk package) $5.96 plus 99 cents shipping. Use this adapter if you want to plug a set of earbuds into your phone that has the 3.5mm (1/4 inch) male plug on the end. You can also use it with the next item to plug your phone into your car or home stereo for listening to your music.3.5mm Stereo Audio Cable - Startech MU1MMSRA 1 feet slim 3.5mm stereo audio cable. $5.45 Prime shipping. This adapter is 12 inches long, 3.5mm right angle male on one end and 3.5mm straight male on the other end. The only way I could figure out how to plug my phone into my car stereo was to use this cable with the above adapter. I didn't see where Amazon offered one cable that had the necessary micro USB on one end and the 3.5mm male on the other end. This combination works fine for my stereos.Car Kit plus Wall Charger - Stereo headset + car kit + home travel wall charger.  $3.60 plus $2.35 shipping. 12 volt car charger works good. 110 volt wall charger works good. (I know the phone comes with one but I wanted an extra one to leave at work)  the earbuds have the 3.5mm male plug on the end so they won't work with this phone without the adapter mentioned above or one similar.Scandisk 4GB Micro SDHC Memory card. $5.51 Prime shipping. This is probably a big enough card for most people. It will hold hundreds of mp3s and pictures with room to spare. If you think you are going to do much with video then you might consider a 16GB or 32GB card.I read one review and they said their phone was deducting a minute or two a day on its own. My phone has never deducted a second it wasn't supposed to and I have logged every phone call I have made.  It also only subtracts exactly how long you are on the phone. If your on the phone 2 minutes and 8 seconds it subtracts 2 minutes and 8 seconds. The only thing as I said above is texting. One half a minute to send and one half a minute to receive.I'm not a cell phone fan but as cheap as this is to own it's worth having it with me. Ya never know. Mine performs perfectly!Hope this helps you decide!

I just purchased this phone from tracfone. When I received it. I went through the web to transfer from my prior tracfone, both phone number and minutes. I first went to their website which tried to transfer only a portion of my minutes, so I aborted that. Then I called, ended up with an automated system which said, OK wait hours or up to 2 business days to transfer. So I went about using my old phone. (now Saturday), I noticed that my old phone now said unrecognized SIM, IE unusable, but still had the same expiration date and minutes. My new phone said unrecognized SIM. IE both now were unusable. I waited for hours and tried, as per their suggestion, to no avail. It is now Sunday morning. I go through Tracfone's website, which informs me that a change is in process, and to wait 5 minutes. I wait 5, then try to find tracfone's actual phone number. I finally found it , and then noticed that my new phone was rebooting. After that, I turned it off then on and behold it worked. (It was closer to 10 minutes). I probably could have gone through the process when my old phone was unrecognized yesterday. So I finally can give it a try.My intended use of my phone is, other than for emergencies, is for travel. When we travel, we are always wanting to find the cheapest gas (gasbuddy) or weather or road conditions or food stops etc. Not so much email or the like. I will report when I have some experience. I just got gasbuddy set up, it took 2 minutes of time from my minutes. Not so bad.-One Month later.I still like the phone. It does what I needed it to do.  I downloaded the mini opera browser and it works on some websites better than the built in browser. The Samsung software (New PC Studio) needed to allow you to transfer info from the phone to the PC (Mine is win XP) would lock up my computer every time. I uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it now works. It was locking up my other USB inputs (mouse and keyboard)As to butt dialing. If the phone was off, it didn't happen, however, the phone when on, locks the keyboard. I thought I was turning it off, but it still had a locked keyboard so stayed on. Also if you have your email set up to turn on and check on a regular basis, it may accept a call when checking email. As to butt dialing if the phone is on, I have successfully pushed the 2 softkeys in order to unlock the phone whilst unawares.

There have been several occasions when I attempted to make a call and received a &#34;emergency call only&#34; message. I had to reboot it in order to make a call. This is very annoying.

I bought this phone as a replacement for a landline phone. What attracted me to the phone was the potential savings and the triple minutes. Considering that I don't make or receive a lot of phone calls, this phone makes a lot of sense and will have a payback period of less than 6 months. That being said, one has to be disciplined about using the phone. You start using your minutes from the time you press the send key until the time you press the end key. If you dial a number and get a busy signal or wrong number,or dial your voice mail, you get your minutes docked a minute. So you could easily use your monthly minutes up very quickly if you are careless.It is also less costly to send text messages than to make phone calls; sending a text message docks your minutes about .05 instead of a full minute for a phone call. Making a phone call also rounds up your minutes, so if you make a call, that is 1.05 minutes, you will get charged for two.Cons:Web Browser - will consume your minutes without giving you anything in return. You cannot type anything into search fields, so you could not do do a google search. Nor can you log into your facebook account. Wasted 20 minutes of phone time with nothing to show for it.Email - though there is a wizard to ease setting up accounts, when I use the values it set up, I could not login to my account. Have yet to download email, yet still get charged for the attempt.Bluetooth - I tried to use bluetooth to transfer images from the phone to my PC. You have only 3 minutes for the pairing to take place, and if there are problems, you have to start over. Would get connection failed messages; samsung support was of no use, and good luck getting a technical explanation of how to get it to work from tracfone. You can also download a program called PC Studio to move files back and forth between your phone and PC, but found this program unbearably slow, so removed it removed my PC. To transfer files, I could only use the USB data cable.MP3 player - copied a music cd title to the phone's memory, but couldn't get the player to play the tune because it wasn't in the right format. So if you want to copy music from your CD collection, you will have to use some sort of conversion program to get it into a supported format.Recording - tried to record from stereo at half full volume, but when I played back the audio, the sound was garbled. Had turned downed the volume controls to keep phone from ringing in vibration mode and on startup; apparently affects quality of sound.Phone - even though the phone is supposed to work for my zip code, and I can call my landline, during busy periods, I get "check call restriction -34 " messages. So there is little guarantee that when I actually need to use the phone, I will be able to get service. Also, in there service booklet, they tell you that in an emergency, you should search for a landline. Anybody try that scenario out recently; really negates the point of having a mobile phone to begin with.Tracfone support - you can obtain support from tracfone, but only if you fill out a support request. If you just have a question on how to do something, they will not answer the question without a support ticket. And generally speaking, the kind of answers you get is very uneven. Also, when I filled out a support ticket complaining about the call restrictions, they said I needed a new phone, but the phone I am receiving is only a double minutes phone that is $20 cheaper than the one I purchased. When they replace a phone, you have absolutely no choice on what phone you receive. They also make up the difference in the price of your replacement by adding minutes at their fullfillment center, so you don't get the advantage of triple or double minutes.Update:Tracfone sent me a new SIM card that would work on T-mobile. The connection issues went away. So I tried to download google maps application, and just opening one web page ([...]) cost me 22 minutes of phone time. Will not be using the browser for anything anymore. Too costly.

I am not a mobile phone geek (or other), but I wanted something that is a step up from my $10.00 tracfone. The slide out key pad is a great feature, and I have no problems keying in words. I'm still exploring but the Instructions are easy to follow. The key pad locks when not in use, so you don't have accidental calls (a problem with those really old cell phones). The price is a little better than going through tracfone. It's not high tech, but it's perfect for me. I don't know if Tracfone offers Triple Minutes through its website, or if it's an exclusive offer for Amazon. Regardless, it is a nice bonus.

It is a great phone for someone younger, so I gave it to my grand-daughter, the keys are just to small for someone my age. Beyond that it is a great phone.

Exactly what my mother-in-law wanted.  She wanted to be able to text on a phone from her tracfone plan, and this met her expectations!

tried 2 of these same problem: 3 bars, 280 days of service and 800 minutes -yet shows NO SERVICE - this is the second exact phone - both same exact problem. Tracfone service is non-existant - everything is &#34;give it 3-5 days to activate&#34;. I have an old tracfone flip-phone -sitting right next to it on the desk and it works fine so its not because theres no service - and phone shows 3 bars! yet try to send a text and it says &#34;no service&#34; or &#34;emergency calls only&#34; .  I only wish I had read the reviews before I bought them!  If you have never called Tracfone customer service you'll not understand why all of us bad reviews are so violently mad - like - I'm serious glad they are not in my city or I'd have a hard time not going over there and causing a scene! I've waited a week of my life trying to make a damn call!

Love the phone.  Easy to use love the separate texting unit easy to follow and use.  love the size and reception with this phone.

It's a very solid and accessible phone for the money. I bought mine new for thirty, but it's still a good deal at forty. The only issue I have with the phone design is the keys on the slide out keyboard. The keys are a bit small, so it can be a bit difficult to type both quickly and accurately. As far as the tracfone service goes, it's pretty good. I haven't had any dropped calls so far, and the reception is decent enough. If you see yourself sending more than a few texts per day, this type of phone may not be the best option as you will burn through minutes very quickly. Also, I would highly recommend not sending or accepting any type of MMS - you are charged a unit (one minute) simply for sending/receiving and then half a unit for every minute the phone spends sending/receiving the MMS (which can be a while, as this isn't exactly a high tech phone).Edit: I forgot to mention that the battery on this phone is outstanding. It's likely because the phone isn't power-hungry (like most smartphones are) and because of how little I use it, but it's still awesome to be able to go an entire weekend without charging my phone.

Have been using this phone for a week now, and I have not had the pocket dialing issue I had with the S390. The keyboard will take some getting used to, since the face/top of the phone can get in the way when typing. Over all a decent phone.

I bought two of these phones and returned both of them because they were defective. This may explain why the price was steeply discounted.

If you don't use a cellphone a lot, this is a great deal. The phone has good voice quality & battery life. I was hoping the phone was going to be useful for saving notes & contact info like my old Nokia 9300, which was great for "thumb typing" with both hands, but the 425's keyboard is so small, it's not practical for use by most men. This is a problem with all new cellphones, the keyboards seem to be designed for little girls (don't the manufacturers realize that men use cells too?).Anyhow, if you get this phone, you will probably need to download "New PC Studio" from Samsung's site so you can back up your contacts etc. For some reason, I sometimes have to power down the phone before it will work with the PC Studio app. I couldn't find any way to backup the phone to the SD card (forget the SIM card).One odd thing is that although this phone has an mp3 player, there is no earphone jack & the Bluetooth doesn't work with audio (headphones etc.). Also, the web browser key is right beside the End key so you're gonna' be accessing the web once in a while (like it or not).In a nutshell: Unless you have small hands, this phone is only useful for voice calls. However, it may save you some money. It's a money versus aggravation 'thang.--> Update (after using this phone for ~3 months): Well... I guess the aggravation finally wore me down. I canned this phone & went to T-Mobile & an Android. This phone has a lot of annoying quirks, but the one I couldn't tolerate any more is the "echo-back" feature (i.e. when talking to my friends who live ~40 miles away, I get an echo of my own voice with a 1..2 second delay, beyond annoying!) In all fairness, the problem may be with Tracfone service & not the phone, but regardless, it's too much aggravation. Haven't heard any more echo-backs since getting my new phone/service. One other problem with this phone that would be a deal-breaker for some: If you like to fish, forget trying to use this phone. Even with brightness full on, you can't see it outdoors.

I really like the phone although it seems to be a forgotten phone on the internet.  This same phone is used for Straight Talk which is twice the price of Tracfone Samsung S425G.  It is also used by Net 10.  That's a new one to me unless they are all partners with one another. I have NO idea! I am very pleased with the phone - whoever it's connected with. I became very use(d) to the keyboard and did NOT want to go to a data plan, not worth the expense for me. Just this past week I was in Charleston, SC and made calls to Indiana.  Excellent Perception.  What I really like about the phone and the Tracfone plan - you pay for what you use: 15 seconds, you pay for 15 seconds, NOT 60 seconds. 45 seconds = 45 seconds, NOT one minute.  The benefit with Tracfone - The more you buy at one time, the less it costs per minute or unit.  You know how much time you spend on the phone, the very reason I use prepaid.  I do NOT live on the cell phone, or any other phone, for that matter.  However, more and more people are going to cells abd I receive far more calls and texts than I make.  Buying more makes it cheaper / more affordable for me in every way, receiving and sending.  The pictures (grandchildren) are crisp and the color is beautiful.  I was quite leary of using the "Tracfone" instead of Straight Talk (WalMart - a more affordable choice than other networks).  But, don't be afraid of the SAME phone with a different supplier.  I don't regret the purchase of the phone at all. Nor do I regret trying Tracfone. Flies and honey as I always say - the sweeter the honey (deal) the more flies (customers)that will return bringing other friendly flies to feast. Thank you Tracfone, for the phone AND the plan.

My Grammie uses tracfone because it is so cheap. But she has had the same flip phone forever. So I tired to set this up for her on Christmas to find that the battery inside is the wrong one, in a sealed package. How does that even happen. That is so frustrating because now she is still stuck with the same phone. If this happens again with them I am going to send them such an angry email.

Bought this phone to replace a missing one of my wifes. I thought it looked like a perfectly nice little slider. I read reviews, compared products and weighed options. This was going to be the one. :) My wife was rather excited to receive it. Finally got it, went to set it up for her. Low and behold it arrived with a battery for a different phone! I'm very frustrated by this. I don't mean to be venomous, but what idiots put this together? It took me 2 seconds to see that this battery would never fit in this phone.

My sister and I do quite a bit of texting to each other and we have our own way of phrasing things. This phone WILL NOT let me input words the way I want. In fact, it changes the words that I type and won't allow me to change them. I hate this phone. I hate this phone. And, yeah, I hate this phone!!!! I would have given it zero stars but that's not an option.

Like the long battery charge and the great functions on the phone.  My other phone was a LG and it had a limited battery life.

The phone came with triple minutes for life. Easy to text. Long battery life. I am very pleased with this purchase.

The phone is really nice.  It was brand new, still wrapped in the box -  love the slider feature and the querty keyboard. Nice phone, takes great pics, & is easy to use.  It also shipped quickly.  No complaints.  Thanks!

When I opened the sealed package I found that the charger was missing.  Would like it replaced.

I like this phone because it is a quality product.  It works very well and it is easy to use.

The Samsung S425G prepaid phone has a great battery life and good reception.  It is easy to use, and the triple minutes feature makes it very economical.  I love that unused minutes accumulate.  No use it or lose it.

More than met my expectations. I was using a Net10 phone that used T-Mobile towers that gave horrible connections anywhere near here (western NY). This phone uses AT&T towers and it has not failed to connect except in the deepest regions of brick and steel buildings. AND triple minutes, can't beat that for cost. The slider keyboard makes it easy to send text messages.

phone works fine after contacting tracfone for a new SIM card.  for some reason, the SIM card that came with the phone would not work in my area.this is a very basic texting cell phone.  if you are wanting to stay up with technology, I would go with something a little fancier, but for basic calling/texting, this works just fine.  the triple minutes are a plus.

Well, like one of the other reviewers here I got the phone, tried to put the battery in and it was way too big. Ordered a replacement but something tells me quality control is lacking at Tracfone, I will give them another try but not real hopeful.

The keypad doesn't work. On text messages some letters wont work and I keep having to go back and correct it.

If you only need a cell phone to call, text, and receive email messages then this is the cheap but reliable one.

This phone is excellent for the price.  I like the slide-out keyboard because of the size of the keys.  The instruction book is okay, but it gives minimal directions.  Some of the function are not intuitive, and as a result I have called 911 inadvertently twice.

I am totally in love with my phone. It is awesome, with every feature that one would want. It is veryeasy to use but, if anyone needs any information on how to operate it, the Tracfone website givesfull and accurate details. And WOW it has triple minutes for life.

Phone came sealed and fully functional. No issues setting up. Would buy from again.

Purchased from Tracfone website.  Came without a battery.  Later got on Tracfone website to activate phone.  Unable to complete online, so I spent 1/2 hour on the phone with a representative I could barely understand.  Tried phone later, still not activated.  Spent 2 hours on phone with another representative, who finally said we received a defective phone.  All this aggrevation, been without a phone for3 weeks now.  Never again!

The phone isn't bad, but there are some serious drawbacks to consider. Most annoying, is the puritan dictionary / profanity filter when typing messages. I am a dog breeder and I had to add a very common word that kept autocorrecting to "birch". Once you are done compiling your naughty list, this problem goes away. My second major gripe is that you cannot use your music files for ringtones or alarms. The phone displays a message indicating "too large to set as ...". Yes I know I can manually edit them down on my PC and put them on the MicroSD card, but I did not have this problem with my previous Motorola EX124G. My third complaint is regarding the excessive charge to send a picture message. My old phone it cost about 1 minute, but this phone it takes between 6-8  minutes to send 1 picture. Now mind you I had a 3 megapixel camera previously (this one is only 2mp), but it may have resized them differently. Overall I'm trying to adapt going from a touch phone to a slider. I like the keyboard, but I miss the big touch screen and scrolling through pictures with a swipe of a finger. I would buy another EX124G if it was still available.

This is a great cell phone with Querty keyboard for texting. It is easy to use and navigate. It is reasonably priced & Tracphone offers triple minutes making it a bargain with no contract.

A great phone at a great price! I'm glad I ordered it.

I purchased this phone for my wife for Christmas.  Overall it is a good phone, but we are not going to be able to keep it for these reasons:* You can still call 911 when the keys are locked.  She put it in her pocket and ended up with the 911 operator.* She likes to text a group of moms.  However, it only allows 5 recipients for a text.  I sat down to solve this, and thought I  could either disable the 5 text limit or find a work around.  I found no way to disable it.  I thought I could work around this by creating a contact group and putting all in the group.  This didn't work either!  It only sent the text to the first 5 moms in the group.  Argh!!!* She said it takes a lot of button presses to select recipients for text messages.* She didn't like how slick it is--it kept sliding out of her hands.Anyway, hope this information is useful to your purchase decision.

Got this phone for my daughter.  Great deal and features.  Only negative is there doesn't seem to be a way to plug in headphones for the MP3.

This cell phone with slider and w/o touch screen is very user friendly.  I find the button actions intuitive and easy to learn.  The phone sound quality is excellent.  Activating it on line at the Tracfone web site went perfectly - no glitches at all.

Like the cell phone a lot,like it bacuase one can email on it, the feature that one can give a command and the tracfone will call that person ,have delt with tracfone for many years and this is definitely the best, one can go on and on about all the features, definitely recommend strongly to purchase

It's generally a good phone, but does have several little annoyances:1) When you browse the web, it feels the need to load a homepage they selected, rather than go right to the page you selected.  I haven't found a way to change it.  Also, only try to view web pages without pics, or it will be horribly slow and eat up your minutes.  It can do very well on text-only pages (I recommend Weather Underground Braille pages for weather).  I agree that the web browser button is entirely too easy to hit accidentally.  It should ask you to confirm that you really want to browse, rather than just start eating up your minutes.2) Very slow to send and receive pics, and frequently fails.  I gave up on that, and now send my pics to my PC via the data cable and micro SD card I bought, then email them from there.3) Sending pics or anything else to or from PC not only requires that you buy a cable to connect them, but also a micro SD card, as it refuses to transfer anything from/to internal memory directly.  You must send it to the micro SD card first.4) I lost ability to send international texts, versus my previous phone, but this is probably a limitation of my carrier, TracFone, and not the phone itself.  I can still receive international texts.5) There are some absurdly low limits on text string lengths you should be aware of:5a) Alarms and calendar appointments, anniversaries, holidays, etc., are limited to 15 character titles, while there's room for 22 in the portrait (vertical) display mode, and 28 in landscape (horizontal) display mode (of course, they could always go to scrolling beyond that).  So, we just have unusable blank space on the line.5b) Text memos are limited to 100 characters each, despite having room for about 180 characters on the screen in portrait (vertical) mode and 168 in landscape (horizontal) mode.  The result is more unusable empty space on the screen.6) After completing things, it often prompts you to hit "OK ?", but this prompt goes away in a second, so, if you try to hit that button, it will then do something annoying (whatever that button is set to do after the OK prompt disappears).7) You can manually put it in sleep mode by holding down the "*" button on the main menu.  I recommend this to save the battery, after each use.  (You could also set the automatic sleep mode timer low, but that's really annoying when it puts it to sleep while you're reading a text, etc.)  Surprisingly, it also puts it in sleep mode when you're talking on the phone, once the sleep timer elapses.  (You can still talk, but the screen goes black.)8) An alarm takes it out of sleep mode, so your battery can run down.9) You can't immediately go to speakerphone on an incoming call, because the "1.00 unit / minute" rate message display blocks that option for 4 seconds.  So I end up saying "Please wait" until I am allowed to activate it.10) There's an option on alarms to make the volume steadily increase. Unfortunately, it doesn't make it a bit louder each time the alarm repeats, every 5 minutes, but during a single ring tone.  So, it rapidly increases from quiet to loud, over a minute instead of an hour.  Still better than a jarringly loud alarm right away, but not as good as it could be.11) There are some oddities you should be aware of with the calendar:11a) Holidays don't have times associated with them, so you can't schedule a holiday dinner that way.  You'd need to pick "Appointment", "Important", or "Private", instead.11b) Anniversaries have an alarm, but can only be days or weeks before the event, not hours before.  If you want the alarm to sound hours before, you'd need to put the time of the event in as when you want the alarm to go off, not at the actual start of the event.11c) "Holidays" are shown by turning the day red, which looks a lot like the red Sundays.  Both "Anniversary" and "Private" use yellow markers to show the day, which could be confusing. (They are on opposite corners of the day.)  "Appointments" are shown with blue markers, and "Important" with red.11d) The "repeat" option for calendar events doesn't repeat the alarm, but the event itself, like a daily, weekly, or monthly meeting.  I'd like to be able to have the alarm repeat, too, like it does for a regular alarm.  Also, repeated events don't properly handle events that are on different days each year, like Easter.11e) It's not very smart about start and end times. The start time defaults to midnight and the end time defaults to 1 AM.  So, if you change the start time to anything after 1 AM, it then complains that you can't have an end time before the start time.  I find this quite annoying when dealing with things which don't really have a scheduled end time, like dinner.  You have to make one up anyway, to keep it from bitching at you.11f) Again, it has a really low limit, for no apparent reason, on the total number of calendar entries.  It seems to be around 120.  So, you need to delete them as you hit them, or else, even if you only have one calendar item per day, you will overflow your calendar in about 4 months.12) I can only get phone to ring for 20 seconds before if cuts off.  This might be related to my carrier, TracFone.  This isn't enough time if I'm in the other room.13) Since you can list several phone numbers for each contact, it's not at all obvious which one it will pick when you select "Call" when on the name of a contact.  I think the logic is to pick the top number, unless you specifically view the contact and scroll to another number, but I'm not positive.14) No cover comes with this phone, how cheap !15) It's not that easy to plug in the charger into the phone.  I long for my old cell phone, with a circular plug, that you could plug into in any rotation, even in the dark.16) The QWERTY keyboard doesn't have separate numbers, so you have to keep switching modes between text and numeric, and each switch takes up to 3 clicks, since there are 4 entry modes ("lowercase text", "uppercase text", "numeric", and "uppercase text for one character, then lowercase").  This makes it quite time consuming to enter mixed text and numbers.  You might think you could just use the regular numeric keyboard to enter numbers, but, nope, when the QWERTY keyboard slides out, those keys are disabled. The best alternative is to hold the function key down on the QWERTY keyboard, which gives you numbers and symbols instead of text. This might sound good, but it requires 2 free hands or a piano player. You can also hit the function key once before each number, but that's just as slow. As for text entry, it does know to make the single letter "I" capital, and the first letter at the start of a sentence. (It also had T9 mode for word recognition and completion, but fortunately I was able to disable that travesty.)17) While it tells you the length of calls to the second, TracFone rounds up to the nearest minute for billing. During a call, it alternates between displaying the length of the current call and your minutes remaining on the phone.18) If you miss a reminder, it will keep popping up a message that you missed it, forever, until you pick "View" and then "Confirm".  If you miss a call, it's even worse.  As near as I can tell, you have to call the person back to clear the missed call, otherwise it will pop up behind each incoming text message.19) I sometimes get the message "Emergency calls only" when I try to make a call during the day.  I assume this means TracFone's circuits are overloaded.20) There's a fairly low limit on number of incoming texts it can store in memory (maybe 100 ?), so you need to delete them after you read each, keeping only the critical ones.  These limits seem to be designed for an era when memory was far smaller than it is today.  With an added memory card, it should be able to store like 1000x as much data, but they apparently don't take this into account, and keep these really low limits no matter what memory the device has available.21) Messages + Sentbox (the texts you've sent out) doesn't seem to be sorted at all, they are just in random order.  After you send a few hundred texts, that means that it's impossible to find anything, even the last text you sent.  The Inbox sorts properly, by the order received.22) Note that almost all the negatives are software, not hardware, so they could presumably make this a much better phone with a software upgrade.Now for some positives:A) You can associate both a pic and ring tone with each contact.  The ring tone can even be something you record with the phone, so you could have the person say their name, for example, and also see their pic on the phone when they call.B) You can also record audio memos, although I find text memos easier to use.C) When you manually dial a phone number, you get huge numbers, which are easy to see, and properly formatted for US numbers, with the area code and dash on the top line, the exchange and dash on the 2nd line, and the last 4 digits on the 3rd line.  I can't stand phones that skip the dashes or break it up in odd ways.D) The main menu displays just about everything I'd want: the date, day of the week, time (no seconds), minutes remaining and service days left, under TracFone.  Of course, the battery life remaining and signal strength are also displayed, as icons, along with messages for missed texts, calls, etc.  I do wish they displayed seconds, though, so I wouldn't have to bring up the stopwatch or timer app, say when checking my heart rate.E) You can send very long texts, although over 160 characters, it bills for 2 texts, and over 305 characters, it bills for 3, under TracFone.  A number by a dog-eared page icon appears in the lower, left corner, to tell you how many texts you will be billed for.  If you send the text to multiple people, multiply by that number, too.  So, a 3 page text sent to 4 people would be billed as 12 texts.And here's a money-saving hint:Don't set up the voice mailbox. Without it, people can't leave messages, but you do get a log on your phone of who called and when (or just a number and time, if they aren't in your contact list). But, this way, you don't have to burn minutes to retrieve messages which might just be from a telemarketer. If you have a missed call from somebody you actually want to talk to, you can call them back. Or, if they insist on leaving you a message, they can text you. I look up numbers I don't recognize on the Internet from my PC, just to find out which telemarketer they are.

meets my needs at this time, works well with blue tooth, battery life is good , camera could be better, over all a great little phone for the price.

Great phone,easy to set up and transferred my number in less than 4 hours.

I have been a tracphone customer for several years.  I purchased this one so I could text with my children and grandchildren.  It's been great.

Samsung S425G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes much better than the LG 880 I had and triple minutes does come in handy. I also like the talk feature telling it who to call when driving. Good sound on phone and speaker

The phone is ok the buttons are a little touchy. But the phones internal antenna is weak and the service area's are somewhat more restricted than my old phone.

I recently switched to Tracfone after learning that their "Triple Minutes For Life" phones make them a better deal than their corporate cousin, Net10.  For us light talkers, Net10's best plan costs $15/month for 150 minutes, whereas Tracfone's Triple Minutes thing lets you get away with paying $10/month for 120 minutes, which is only 8.3 cents per minute (and text messages are 1/3rd of that).  Heck, if you want to take minimalism to the breaking point, you can take it down to $6.67/month for 60 minutes.Anyway, over at Net10 I owned this phone's grandfather (Samsung T401G) and was content with it; so far its descendant is looking just as good.  It has a full load of stuff: 2MP camera, MP3 player, video and voice recorders, Bluetooth, 32GB SD card slot, 4 programmable shortcut keys, voice command, and its highlight, a tactile QWERTY keyboard that slides out sideways.  The display is nice, the menu layout logical and user-friendly, and the 416 MHz processor keep things happening quickly enough.  The camera takes decent pictures in well-lit situations, too.Annoyances: the shared headphone/charger jack is proprietary rather than MicroUSB (though funny enough, Samsung's old proprietary charger doesn't fit, yet a new LG charger does).  The keyboard's fussy in some ways, i.e. the spacebar being half as big as it should be, the apostrophe not having a dedicated key, and the need to aim for the exact center of the keys themselves.  The speaker for the ringer is on the back, which makes no sense.  Finally, Samsung should've let us disable the button for the browser (especially considering what a piece of crap it is), since its permanent placement on the right-side softkey makes you prone to butt-browsing and wasting minutes.  Butt-dialing is also an issue if you don't lock the phone.But all things considered, this S425G still seems like the phone that makes the best sense for the most people.  Tracfone's lower-end models are too bare-bones, and the direct competition consists of the LG 800G (an annoying touchscreen phone), LG 840G (its replacement), LG 505C (appealing but $90), a Motorola EX124G that uses a stylus (WTF), and a couple of boxy Blackberry-like phones, the Samsung S390G and LG 530G.  Aside from the Samsungs that this phone replaced (the T404G & R455C), I don't think anything else has Triple Minutes.So yeah, if you want a good, mid-price phone that's basically good at everything but Internet, this should do the job just fine.

Like another reviewer here, mine freezes! blue screens, with no way out except to pull battery which is particularly inconvenient in this model requiring screws.

lovely little phone which I use a lot.  I do not use the side qwerty keyboard feature since the phone is more compact and simpler  for me to use without deploying it.

I Purchased this phone to replace one that I had and signed up woth Straighttalk, no contract. I received this phone but was unable to use it with Straighttalk even though I bought the sim card so that I could switch it over but it still required Tracfone. had to return the item.

This phone is perfect for my use.  Easy to text or call, the Triple minutes is an added plus.  The value is perfect

It doesn't work in my area. I was never told this when I ordered it so I don't use it. The camera takes pictures but you can't receive or send any. I don't use it. Total waste of money.
