
Everything to do with the order/shipping process was fine. Price was good. Phone is a little lower quality that I would've hoped for. Could use a few more features. The unlock button on the side unlocks the phone in your purse or pocket & makes it possible to accidentally make calls or use the browser, wasting minutes unnecessarily. As this is a tracfone, no one can afford to be wasting minutes!

Works better then expected. Great value for the price. Arrived in original vendor packaging. This phone was $80 from Tracfone. Phone service is much better then old tracfone. The touch screen works very well. Excellent phone for someone like me not needing all the features of the newer cell phones. Speaker phone works well.

I just got the phone a little while ago and I love it perfect little phone good starter phone to

great cheap lil phone for my son as he loves to text all the time and much cheaper then a contract phone

it works well because of the slide qwerty keyboard, wife does not like the touch screen key boards. also like the physical talk and end call buttons.

This is an awesome phone, great buy.  I am buying another for my husband. This works good in my area as it is Verizon.

Great phone easy to use. Has all the amazing features of similar products.Makes texting easy and it's a good size.

So far it has not met our expectations.  We thought we would be able to easily transfer our old number to the new phone,not so.  And, unable to understand the instructions due to language barriers.  We're not giving up though.

We have ordered many Tracfones and always have had the same problem. Activating the phone. We received the phone on Tuesday, activated it the same day and here it is Friday and still no phone, even though they deactivated the old one. Called them 9 times, wasted all kinds of minutes to no avail. Customer service needs to be updated with this company. All the people we talked to, transferred us to other people. The phones are great, but service is not there.

Phone is ok, but not great. Wife uses it in case of an emergency. the key pad is small to use, so we use the slider keyboard. We like the slider keyboard the best.

Moved up after 5 years using a Motorola W376. It is much better for texting. There aren't many graphics that came with it. I got the cable and will make some for it. Takes decent pictures. Still learning about it like trying to figure out how to turn on speaker phone when receiving or making calls. It does have voice command. It is compared to a G2. Since it is a &#34;CMDA&#34;, I can get calls much better than  with the &#34;GSM&#34; phones.

Until the price of smart phones comes down under $50 (i.e. never) this is a great price for a semi-smart phone. Transferring media to the phone for things like ringtones and such was a snap, although you need a MicroSD card. Voice recognition for voice commands seems pretty flawless. I love having the physical keyboard for texting and entering contact info.

The best phone for the money.  Great second phone, triple minutes for the price of one, easy to use, has all of the features I needed for an emergency phone. I highly recommend it.

I've only had it a couple of weeks.  Took 3 days to activate and a long call to Tracfone.  The button on the side to unlock isn't the easiest to push.  Haven't tried texting yet......that should be fun.

Perfect phone - no problem setting it up with Tracfone.  I don't use a cell phone a lot, so this works perfectly for me.  It is very easy to use and update.  I even get coverage in my home, which is a first for a cell phone - with other phone services I have been out of range.  Love the triple minutes, too.  Very glad I bought this through Amazon.

Been a Tracfpne user for 7 or 8 years.  This is by far the best Tracfone I have owned.  Best reception in my boondocks area.I love the big buttons on the touch screen, and the slide has larger button on it, also.I have not been a cheap when buying Tracfones, and this one is the best one yet.Better sound than LG 800, Lg 840, Samsung 505g, Motorola anything.

THIS PHONE HAS A LOT OF GREAT FEATURES. THE DIRECTIONS WEREN'T THE EASIEST TO FOLLOW, BUT WE WEREN'TRAISED IN THIS ELECTRONIC AGE EITHER.  WE APPRECIATE THE FACT THAT WE AREN'T PAYING MONTHLY FEES.

I love this phone. It is easy to use and is the best of the three straight talk phones I have had.

This is the best phone I have ever gotten from tracfone. I still can't believe it was only 20 bucks !!! Very very sturdy well made cell phone. I would recommend this phone to everyone !!!!

It has a touch screen, and voice activation and you name it it seems to have it all.A great product for a great price.  Comes with a charger that plugs into the phone.And the carrier is Verizon and works everywhere.

This is the best phone I have ever owned, and for the price, the least I have ever paid for a phone.  It was easy to activate and migrate my number to and is crystal clear when making a phone call.  It isn't a smart phone but then I didn't want one.  I simply wanted a good phone for making and receiving calls and texts and it does both quite well.  Also, though I didn't order them, to my surprise there were 4 different colored protective cases in the box as well!! This company has got two thumbs up from me, more if I had more thumbs.  It is customer service like that that keeps the world revolving.  My hats off to you.

Have been with Tracfon since they started- good value and service.  I like the pre -pay feature - no surprises

This is not a tracfone and was not able to transfer my daughters plan. Tracfone looked up the serial number and told me this is a straight talk phone. I did receive a full refund. It's a nice phone, just advertised incorrectly.

The phone is nice. I liked it so much I bought my wife one, but I soon got tired of messing with it. I tried to make one of those calls where you have to keep pressing numbers for different reasons. I never could find the number pad after I dialed my number. I had to go back to my old LG 501c

Overall I like this phone and all the features - voice dialing. The touch screen is a bit diffiult to use but the keyboard is great. THe speaker is not very clear and crisp

I bought this as a replacement for my old LG 500g, because it has a qwerty keyboard (I'm still not ready to go strictly touch-screen) and it had excellent reviews.But I'm a bit disappointed, as there's no video recorder, you can't watch videos, and you can't download games for it and transfer them from your computer (all things I could do with my old 500g).Web surfing is also clunkier as I can't even seem to access popular websites like Twitter on it (even after downloading the Opera Mini browser).And the photo quality of the camera is worse than the one on my old Motorola flip phone that I had over five years ago (there doesn't even seem to be a zoom feature!). And again, I was shocked that it isn't able to record videos as that has been standard on the last few Tracfones I've had over the years.But it seems to keep a connection better than the 500g, as I don't lose as many texts due to lost signals (which happened all the time on my previous Tracfones). So it has that going for it (along with Triple Minutes).The phone's design is really nice, and the keyboard is easy to use. And it feels really sturdy, and not cheaply made like some pre-paid phones have been in the past.It's also great at playing MP3s, though the process of using them as ringtones is more complicated than on my old LG 500g where I just dragged and dropped the files (at the end, I figured out that you have to make a folder called &#34;My_Sounds&#34; on your phone's memory card and put the MP3 files you want as ringtones in it).In closing...If you want any extras aside from playing music -- and I mean even the barest bone of extras like taking photos or short video clips, then stay away from the LG 505c at all costs.But on the other hand -- if you're a young child or a senior citizen, or anyone else who just wants a basic cellphone to talk or text with, then it will serve you well and is better at that than any other Tracfone that I've used in the last decade. So I would highly recommend it for those users.

I am not into all the newest technology but do like this phone - simple enough for me!  Have gotten into texting more lately and so these is much easier than my last phone.  Transfer of my phone number was fairly quick and started using phone right away.  Love triple minutes too.

My son had to have a slider phone.  The keyboard is a bit small for my fingers but perfect for him.  The touch screen is not as sensitive as others on the market however you can't expect much at a price of $24.99.  Perfect for my sons needs.

Uses Verizon network which is much better than others in northern California. Slide out keyboard is easy to use. cheap on Amazon.

Been waiting a long time for a touch screen with the keypad & at a reasonable price. I found it here.  Thanks

This phone was a Mother's Day gift to myself. This is a great phone for the proce. It has a touch screen and the phone will slide out for a qwerty pad if preferred. I love it and it can also surf the web and download apps.

For the money, this is really a nice little phone.  It takes a little getting used to, but I really like it.

Everything I need.

Good cheap phone if you don't want  a smartphone but want a qwerty keypad and touchscreen.Camera not bad, don't use  a lot of minutes so battery last for me. Comes with 1000mah battery better than standard battery. Touchscren and homescren a little cumbersome to use but nice apps and features

I bought this phone for my 11 yrs old kid. This one comes with 20 minutes/2 months pre-installed. I bought extra 1 yr/400 minutes and it automatically tripled to 1200 minutes. Everything works as expected.

introduced my friend to my amazon ...and she loves her new phone ,,we dont have many stores so this was the best buy for thanl you amazon !! we love you and the people that help us buy what we want !!

Much more user friendly than my previous Tracfone. I also love having a keyboard again. Transferring the number from my previous phone took a call to support but we were able to take care of in one call.

The phone arrived immediately, we activated it quickly from the tracfone website, and we figured out the basics on our own. It will be perfect for our needs. The triple minutes will  be very handy.

Very pleased with this phone bought it for texting still keeping my tracfone and now triple minutes have recommended this phone to other fellow workers

2 days in, and I'm already frustrated.  Garbled speech, if your text goes past 160 words, you have to start an entire new one, you can only group 5 people together in contact groups, and quick calling isn't really quick - definitely not safe while driving.  Admittedly, I haven't used the voicecall, though.  I'm not a fan of the organization of the phone, either.  Compared to my last phone (samsung smiley) with all the personalization options, this one is far less intuitive & user-friendly. Giving it one more week, but it may have to go back soon.

This is a CDMA phone so it works with Verizon towers which are what I need. I like that it had both a touchscreen and a sliding qwerty keyboard, because I find touchscreen keyboards difficult to use. There's only one page of widgets, basically using the touchscreen menu is the same as using it with the keys on a non-touchscreen phone.Touchscreen: The screen is kind of small, making it a bit difficult to navigate. There's a calibration so you can make sure you get the touch set right. The screen isn't as responsive as it might be, sometimes I have to touch things a couple times before they open. I use the arrow keys on the keyboard to navigate through lists and enter to select items rather than touching the screen. It's extremely difficult to scroll with the touchscreen you end up selecting things you didn't want and having to go back and change them so it's easier just to use the keyboard. Bluetooth is easy to use and works fine.There are 4 widgets along the bottom of the home screen, as well as a non-removable clock that you touch to see how many minutes/days you have left. The 4 widgets are messages, calls, menu and prepaid. When you press the menu button you have the same options as usual on a tracfone: prepaid, contacts, messages, recent calls, games, browser, multimedia (songs and photos), camera, new text message to take you directly to creating a text (pointless), schedule (alarm clock, calendar, notepad), tools (calculators, world clock, unit converter, voice command, drawing panel, stopwatch) and settings. You can customize a few things on the display, such as black or brown screens, 3 different fonts, font size for dialing, different clocks on the home screen. The send, power/end, and clear/speakerphone buttons are push not touch at the bottom of the screen. You can place widgets on the home screen, and there are two quick access pages you get to by sliding the home screen to the right or left: one to your recent texts laid out like a chat conversation, and one to contacts you want to store for easy access. You can turn the sounds off for the touchscreen, otherwise there's a tone every time you touch something.Texts: You can write a 160 character SMS or a 1000 character MMS. You are limited in the amount of messages you can save, only 15 SMS/20 MMS in drafts, 50 SMS/50 MMS in the outbox but you can save 300 SMS /100 MMS in the inbox. One of the things I like with the Verizon-network phones is the ability to see a text was received by a person on the Verizon network. With this phone, you have to open the text, go into the options and look at the message info to see the "delivered" icon, it doesn't show it in the main message screen that just shows the text was sent, which is annoying. Every other CDMA tracfone I've had it was instantly visible just in the list when I opened the message folder. Entry can be with the slide-out keyboard, or on the touchscreen with a numeric keypad or pen (writing each letter in a square with a stylus). You can save MMS or SMS message templates, us T9 or regular text entry, and set a signature if you wish.Ringtones: I had several ringtones in my other phone. I sent them to this one via bluetooth. It put all the ringtones in the music folder. You can't set things in your music folder as ringtones. You can't move the things in your music folder to the "My Sounds" folder which holds non-generic ringtones. According to the manual, you can set a sound you receive in an MMS as a ringtone. I texted a ringtone to myself from my other tracfone. This phone wouldn't open the message. So the only way to get ringtones on this phone that I can find is to purchase them from tracfone. Which I don't want to do.Music: There is a microSD slot you can use which is accessible from the side of the phone, or you can store songs on the phone. You can make playlists and stuff and it has a shuffle and repeat, as well as lists by artist, album or genre. I don't use my phone as a music player though, that's what my iPod is for.Calls: I've only made one call the sound quality was terrible but I don't know if it was on my end or theirs, it was an automated system. The phone stores the last 90 numbers each dialed, missed and received call numbers. There's auto redial and voice privacy settings available for calls.Keyboard: There's a slide-out qwerty keyboard, and it is really slow to text on, for me anyway. I don't know why for sure, but it's by far the hardest to use of any qwerty keyboard on any phone I've had. The numbers are slightly narrower, and they're also flat so it's harder to be sure you're hitting the right key. They also take more pressure to push than other phones I've used. The numbers do not require you to press a shift or function key to use, but the period is hidden way on the left side about halfway down I keep forgetting where it is.Voice: This phone has some voice functions such as voice dialing, and if you touch a button in a text it will read the text, although the one I tried it with it only read half of it which doesn't seem that useful. And you have to press "menu" then "tools" then "voice commands" or press the call button on the main screen then prress "voice call" to get to the voice dialing which also kind of negates its usefulness, to me anyway.Lock: There is a lock button on the side of the phone, the screen locks after a certain time, you can set it to 10 seconds, 30 seconds, etc., then you have to press the lock button or open the phone to use it. You don't have to hold the lock button down, however, so there is the potential it may get bumped in a purse or pocket. You can also set a 4-digit lock code to password protect the phone.Camera: The camera isn't great. There doesn't seem to be a zoom. You can adjust a few things like white balance, color effects, brightness, night mode, resolution, noise reduction, etc. You can also do some editing of photos after you take them. You can open it from a button on the side of the phone, or through the menu. There is also a self timer.Contacts: You can add contact specific photos, ringtones and message tones as well as 6 phone numbers, a fax number, email, street address and a memo. You can also add them to groups or put them on speed dial. This is the first phone I've had where you could assign a message tone, which would be useful to have on a tracfone since they don't like to tell you who's texting you until you open the message. I just wish it had been on a phone that let you add your own ringtones without buying them.Other: There are VOLUME KEYS on the side of the phone. There's a DRAWING PAD if you want to draw something. I don't use the BROWSER but there is one. It's limited and uses tons of minutes.  There's a VOICE RECORDER, but it makes pretty crappy recordings. The sound is pretty loud. I don't know for sure how long the BATTERY lasts with use, this is my back-up phone I basically just use it as an alarm and the occasional text, but it lasts about a week with occasional use. You can set the LANGUAGE to English or Spanish. Also has VOICEMAIL.Bottom line: there are several neat features on this phone but there's still room for improvement. If you don't care about having to buy ringtones or use the generic ones, and you want a touchscreen but would rather use a button keyboard than a touchscreen keyboard and you like the voice functions, then you will probably be quite happy with it.

Great inexpensive deal to keep in touch for emergency and basic communication.  Wasn't interested in bells and whistles so this deal was perfect.

It works fine as long as I don't insert the memory card. That causes the system to slow down to a crawl and crash even though it's designed for the phone. Maybe I just got a bad card or the phone's slot is bad. Oh well, the phone has sufficient memory on its own and has a decent camera, which is why I bought it. By the way, it's a still camera only, no video, which is what I needed.

Love this phone. It is just a basic touchscreen phone but it performs pretty well for my needs. And you just can't beat the triple minutes for the price of this phone.Also, I love that it runs on Verizon's network.It's just better. =)

Should I really expect more for my money? It's junkie all round. The sound quality on the receiving end is poor, but sufficient for short to the point calls, which is all I want to use it for in truth. The navigation features should never be compared to a true smart phone, so don't expect your experience to be anything close. I like the default ringtone. The camera is a joke. I will never use it. If you want a cheap phone for emergency use only, this will suffice. But note, I have had it only for a short time. I have yet to see how long it will last with my minimal use. Other reviewers warn of prompt breakdown. So far so good....it's been about two months, tick tick tick.

Enjoy my new phone but having trouble with touch as I'm always pressing contact too hard when trying to scroll up or down on my contract list and therefore getting to contact info when all I want to do is scroll down list..

One of my kids wanted a phone that was similar to their contract phone so that they could go pre-paid. LG had what they were looking for.

I got this phone cause my old one was, well, old and it came in a good time, brand new and cheaper than what the local store sells them for!

Works great. Love the slide out keyboard. Easier to tex than my LG800. Love the voice call and long batt. life.

couldn't beat the price for a phone with triple minutes.I had a old tracfone but couldn't hook up to Bluetooth so had to purchase this one.it was a little hard to get use to a touch pad but now I like it.

This phone is a nice size phone and handles all the calling I do...which is not much.  The reason for getting this phone is that I live way out of town and the phone my zip code said I should get did not work out here.  So through many many hours on the phone with Tracfone, this is the phone that actually works out here; and of course any other place you happen to be for that matter.  It's cheap and it works.  I usually buy the one year service plan.  It has triple minutes for life and unused minutes carry over if you renew your service before it expires.  The phone plan I get is about $99 for the year and the minutes are enough for my small amount of talking.  I do get my minutes from prepaidonline.com as they are cheapest and very friendly service.

We order this particular phone for our 11 year old, because she was very adamant about having a slider, even though though the current Iphone/brick/slab style phone is the one of the most popular right now. It feels very solid and the screen resolution is Excellent compared to the newer LG 840g we purchased as well. Please be aware of the trade-offs though. The 505c does not have a video camera, while the 840g does - to us this is not an issue, but it might be to some. Otherwise the signal strength seems excellent, and overall quality seems great. So far so good.

Received on time, had same one previous to this and am happy the way it works. Good phone at a very good price

Pros: it was cheap. Cons: pictures are Tiny, the slide out keyboard is clumsy, it's heavy for its size, I just liked the 500G better, and I'm going back for another. I just can't text with one hand on this one, and that is what I mainly use it for, not making calls.

Bought this phone for tracphone service to save money from contract phones after my latest contract finally expired.  This phone has exceeded my expectations & works just as well & even better than any phones I have gotten from contract cell phone companies.  Triple Minutes are great!  I expect to save 400-500 a year in charges since I only use my cell phone for emergencies & sometimes for work & minor texting.  So glad I found this option & can save some money from not paying for something I barely use.

I got this phone for my son.  He really wants an Iphone but he has to earn that priviledge.  So far he does a good job of keeping up with it.  Maybe its because he doesnt really like it.

First of all this is the 2-4 purchase from shop cell deals and all were great. This should have 5 stars but I'm a Luddite and the touch part has me wondering? Why is it so sensitive to make a call but so difficult when you try to ignore something?? Overall you can't beat this deal, a Verizon service backed tracfone with triple minutes and a keyboard with 1/3 minute per text. If you are looking for a smart phone go elsewhere but if tracfone works for you buy this.

I don't claim this is the best phone made, but I can't image a better value. For talking and texting, it's great. I wasn't interested in a Smart Phone, or paying for a data plan. I also wanted to get on the Verizon network. The MP3 player is pretty nice for my needs too.

I have purchased 2 of these as they seem to do exactly what they should.  Touch screen feedback is nice (small vibration) although it is a little sensitive at times.  The slider keyboard is nice.  Media player work well (unlike my Motorola EX124G).  Adding a micro SD card was very easy and allows you to store lots of pictures / music.It is a nice small size compared to real smart phones.

I've had a Samsung S390G which I was fairly happy with but apparently has a manufacturer's defect of pocket dialing 911.  So I wanted to get away from an open number pad and selected the LG 505C.  The automated activation did not occur as per the web site/phone robo center.  I did end up having to call and actually speak with a person.  That resolved, I had to charge the battery 4 times in less than a week; this without having used the phone (total minute usage has been 12 minutes).  After being awakened by low battery signal at 4:00 am and the next morning at 6:00 am (after a full charge), I called Tracfone with my concerns.  One CSR said they would send a new battery out but it was possible I had low reception in an area which was draining the battery.  I checked the bars once that call had been completed (from a land line).  Sure enough, I had none!  When I traveled down the road 3 miles, it was fine.  I called Tracfone back advising I wanted to return this phone and reactivate my Samsung.  The Samsung had been de-activated less than a week and they tell me they have to send a new sim card.  I've seen the reviews of GSM vs. CD?? phones.  I don't know if that's part of my problem or not.  I've been a Tracfone customer for years and have always purchased my Tracfones directly from the Tracfone web site.  Rather than dealing with shipping issues in the future, I'll conduct my search for a new phone in a brick and mortar location.

I like this little phone a lot and it's pretty simple to run.  For the past 3 years Ive had an Verizon LG Octane that was rock solid.  Both phones are real similar in basic task not much of a learning curve other than its a touch screen making things a bit easier to run.  I consider myself a light user doing a few text a day and maybe a few calls each month so it just made sense to get out of a huge contract and use a pay as you go service like tracfone.  Make sure you know what your getting into.1.  this is not a smart phone.2.  If your a heavy user, (txting, calling, interneting) this phone is not for you.3.  make sure this phone is supported in your city.  I went to tracfone web site and found out what phones I could use.Pro'sCheap low cost phone at about $10.50 a month.  Verizon network with clear reception in Iowa.  Keyboard is handy for txting and its a pretty light weight device for the pocket.  1 year warranty for those if things go wrong, but hey at $22 your not out much.Con'sI really can't come up with any yet since it's a week old.  I'll update later if I have big gripes.

I bought this for my husband because he lost his old phone.  This was recomended to us, and after recearching it, decided to buy it.  I am giving it only 3 stars because my husband says everyone sounds tinny, and he has a hard time understanding them.

I got this phone for my 11 yr old son. And its perfect for him. Its stylish and que slide out keyboard its cool. The best part is that is has triple minutes so you cant beat that!

This is the second LG 505C phone we bought. The first on was accidently dropped in the toilet and got water in it and wouldn't work anymore. We liked it so much we wanted the same phone. I saw it on Amazon and immediately purchased it. It has as many features as the 200 dollar phones and with the triple minutes you cant go wrong. Get one, You wont be sorry

My priority was a phone that would get a signal at home - Verizon/Tracfone towers don't talk with &#34;G&#34; phones from my home.  Tracfone site gives wrong recommendation for my ZIP/location.  The LG505 &#34;C&#34; has a good signal from my home and super features - it's a great bargain at $23 and I would have gladly paid much more for a phone with its features.  In fact I immediately ordered another.  One reviewer called it a semi-smart phone and its got some great practical features - touch-screen, keyboard, contact list,calendar, MP3 player, etc.  I don't &#34;live on my phone&#34;, but I really like its advanced features.  I was shocked when I told it to call home and my land-line started ringing.  Greatly exceeds expectations!

Pros:~Excellent price for what you get.~Triple minutes!~The slider function is extremely convenient.~Three home screens and easy access to text messages and contacts in general.Cons:~Transferring the number from another Tracfone was a headache. Even if I tried to do so online, it led me through a series of steps that led me to: "You must make a call to complete the activation process", and when I got there and tried to make a call, it said "Your phone must be activated first!" It was an annoying catch-22, and I recommend calling tracfone in the first place. But expect to be on hold for HOURS.~The touch screen itself is not the best quality, and it's a bit hard to scroll up and down and side to side. But  I got used to it after a while.~The browser is very slow. If you plan on using the internet a lot, you will get frustrated.

We had a contract phone a few years back and decided to switch to Tracfone, which we have been very happy with as we get service any where we go. Our son wanted a phone with a slider. This phone has everything. Voice command, camera, pics, to let him know who's calling, Wi-Fi, apps, plus!! It comes with triple minutes for life which carry over from month to month so you do not have to purchase minutes every month, just when needed. When he turns 16, gets a job, then he can purchase a contract phone. For now he is very happy as we are.

Works great...triple minutes a big plus easy to use...it's nice with slide text pad...gift for fathers day price terrific does all he needs

This phone is very easy to use,battery holds charge alot longer then most Phones speech clarity is excelllent I would recommend this Phone to any one that is looking for a low cost phone with a high price quality !!

I REALLY REALLY LOVE MY TRACFONE!!! IT IS THE BEST PHONE I HAVE EVER OWN!!! I could believe how easy it is operate. Since I can operate it anyone can operate it. Now I don't have a monthly bill. With the products I got from Amazon I AM VERY PLEASE AND I WILL KEEP BUYING FROM Amazon. You rock AMAZON!!!

This cell phone is great.  Does everything I need and has triple minutes.  I call it a semi-smart phone.  Everything is by touch.Shop cell deals company is wonderful to do business with.  They give excellent customer service.  Thank you

It takes you 4 steps before you can START to text!  Also, the scrolling is rediculous!  Even w/ a screen saver which I bought to slow the scrolling down, it's near impossible to scroll.  Not a big cell phone user so it will do. But next phone will not be a tracfone.

This is an awesome phone for $24.99! The touch screen works great, the camera is pretty good, and reception is good, too. I am completely satisfied with this phone! I would definitely buy it again!

The customer service might be crap, but once you wade through the setting up of transferring with support, it works great.  You might need asprin when your done.

I love this phone. I've had several tracfones over the years. But now that I have learned to text. (I know, I'm alittle behind the times) This phone is great. It's compact. And I love the slide out key pad. Great little compact phone for calling and texting.

I love my phone. The lock/unlock feature is a pain. You have to unlock the phone constantly. I am sure this is great for those who keep their phones in a pocket or purse. Tracfone would not switch my existing number. I had a great deal of difficulty getting the phone activated. It took 6 days and several phone calls. I have been a Tracfone customer since the 90's and multiple states. I live in area with virtually no cell phone reception and must leave my phone on silent at work. Why would I go with a high priced monthly contract.

I got this phone for my daughter, and I am very pleased.  She gets great reception, and with triple minutes, the phone service has only cost about $10 per month.

The phone is easy to use, with a slider function to get a full keyboard, making it a breeze to text. The touch screen is a little finicky, but overall works well. No real complaints. Mobile browser is a pain to use, but that's not what I got it for.

i gave it as a gift and i guess it is ok because i have not heard anything about it, except that it is rather feminine and the boy who i got it for wouldn't use it so his mother is using it

I have a 2013 Hyundai , I cannot transfer my contacts to the phone book in my car. [using Bluetooth]My wife spent over an hour on the phone trying to make my voice mail work. It doesn't work. I can'tunlock it. I don't remember setting any password. My advice don't buy this phone if your going to use itin a car using Bluetooth. It's a nice phone but I'm disapointed.  I admit that computers are a chalengefor me.  Don Williams

Fast delivery.  Easy to setup and use.  Voice is clear.  My grandson is very happy with this phone. Good product at a good price.  Now if he could only get unlimited texts!!!

good slider for texting.  Unable to check email on it,  due to it's browser.  Documents are too large & no scale down features

My cool little phone said it was refurbished so I expected a little evidence of prior use. WRONG. It looks and acts BRAND NEW! It arrived right on time too!! I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase :)

a great phone for my 12yr old son and great price !he realy likes the keyboard surves its perpose !

This phone functions relatively well for what it's capable of, it has decent call volume and you can text with it.  I've had it for a little over 6 months and the only thing I really have a big problem with is the touch screen is very slow to respond and is also inaccurate.  I have to tap things several times and frequently nothing or the wrong thing happens. I also dislike the unlock buttons placement, which needs to be pressed when checking voice mail to enter the access code.  You can also unlock it using the touch screen but that doesn't always work.  Now the battery won't last more then 24 hours between charges with minimal usage (10 texts and one 15 minute call during that time).  This is the first phone I've had that I was hoping would die so I would have a reason to get a different one.

We like the phone, it makes it easier for us to text. Provides more option than previous phone.Am not able to upload pictures to our computer.

I wish the keyboard was a little bigger for these old eyes, internet drains the battery fast and is a little slow to engage.

Never liked LG until I bought this phone for my wife.  Great in every way and since she wanted to start texting this was purchased because it has a keyboard which is great for the non tech user.  It uses a standard micro USB and I try to buy products that use this size to avoid having to buy multiple car chargers

I really like the slider keyboard, the keys are a little small, but that's just because I have arthritic fingers.  I use the phone only for texting from my home because I have no cell phone service here.  It works great for that and works great for calling when I'm in an area where there is service.  All in all, I think it's a great phone for the price.

Great item - Good price - very fast shipping - More than enough phone for my needs - it is nice to have all the apps and a full keyboard - Thanks!

Recently purchased. So far so good. Go with triple minutes version. Qwerty is easy to use. Haven't tried web yet. Easy set up and no problem with activation.

Far less errors when texting makes this a winner.  The phone is nicely made, provides good tools, has a great signal and far easier to text without having the touch screen &#34;only&#34; option where many folks get tired of having to back track and correct typo's when texting.

I CONTACTED TRACFONE AND THEY SAID I HAVE TO BUY TRIPLE MIN. AT A STORE, THAT I CAN'T BUY IT FROM THEM ON MY COMPUTER. THE PHONE IS NEW AND I DON'T KNOW ALL THE STUFF ABOUT IT YET, BUT I HAVE NOT HEARD IT RING YET  I WILL GET A MESSAGE BUT WHY DIDN'T I HEAR THE PHONE?  I MUST INVESTIGATE FURTHER, AND I WILL CALL MY GRANDSON TO HELP ME ON THIS.  OTHER THAN THAT I DO LOVE THE PHONE  I HAVE NO PROBLEMS WITH AMAZON AT ALL, THEY ALWAYS DO ME GOOD AND I WILL ALWAYS BUY FROM THEM.

I get great service, which was a problem with my old phone and it has a lot of the smart phone features.

This was for my daughter and she loves it. Many great features. Recommend this phone, especially for kids. No contract!

THIS PHONE WAS PRESENTED TO ME TO BE A TRIPLE MINUTE PHONE , BUT THE ONLY GAVE ME 60 MINUTES.  I CALLED TRACFONE  AND THEY TOLD ME THAT IT WAS A SINGLE MINUTE PHONE SO THAT'S WHY I SENT IT BACK.

I have bought two of these phones this year, and each of them died suddenly while charging.  I'm not sure what happened, but after unplugging from the charger, the battery was dead.  I replaced the battery on the first one, to no effect.  I figured it was a fluke and bought a replacement, but three months into use the same thing happened.  Beware!

We bought this phone for our 11-year-old daughter.  It's her first phone so we didn't want to commit to a multi-year cellphone plan.  This is a fantastic value even without the triple minute feature.  That obviously makes it even better.

This item is good but the ad falls short of the triple minutes. Havent recieved the triple minutes as of yet. Dont understand why i havent recieved the triple minutes as advertised which is the main reason this specific phone was purchased.

I got this phone in April of this year and I love it I havent had any problems with it at all I strongly suggest it :)

its a nice little phone it arrived real fast but trying to switch my tracfone was a big pain took over a hour to do other then that have no problem with it

This really is a nice phone, it's easy to use and all the features are obvious. I like the keyboard, and the voice command for the phone is simple to use and works. If you are bored or need a good laugh you can label the people in your contact list with funny names and get the android voice to pronounce them. Can't get the smiley face to work on the keyboard....that's my only trivial complaint~! I'd still rather have an iPhone but with this phone I only have to pay about $97.00 a year to own it and use it. Sweet.

Great phone, love the price. Its not very good at Internet browsing but you can still check your email. Its also gives triple minutes and I love the fact that it runs off the verizon networks so it picks up everywhere! And I like the fact that its touchscreen but has a keyboard which is easier for texting.

everything is good with the phone,but the battery isn't that good, doesn't last very long. I still like it very much.

Great cell phone best one yet, no problems works every time,long batterie life easy to use, wont need another one for a long time

I bought it and just like a week after I bought it, it broke! It doesn't even turn on now!

I was looking for a new phone for my husband, and because these were reconditioned I could afford one for each of us. I actually paid less for these two phones, than my previous phone. Very happy

The phone is quite heavy. Also, the keyboard is very small and hard to use. Even with fairly small fingers, it is difficult to not  press more than one key at a time. Punctuation is not easily available.

Other custaaomers should know this is a high quality phone at a reasonable price.  I have not had a touch screen phone before, so compired to my old TracFone, which  I used just as a phone, this is like using a computer. I willuse this for more than just a phone, after I learn to use all the features.

This has been a good useable phone for basic text/talk. Photos and browsing gobble minutes. Will upgrade next time I buy.

This model is very hard to find an can't be ordered rom Tracfone or Net 10.  Does everything I need a phone to do and triple minutes are great.

I have only had it for a day, but I love it! I love the fact that it has a QWERTY keyboard and is a touchscreen phone. I can do so much more with this one than I could with my old phone. If you are looking for a basic phone that is easy to use and has a couple of nice extra features this one is for you. Probably not the phone to get, though, if you want to use the web feature a lot.

Yes I am happy with my new phone, plenty of tower connections, long battery life, nice camera, great connection in my area because its a CMS very good for Maine area etc.etc.etc.  have all a nice day

We were sick and tired of our overpriced AT&T mobile contract with so many dropped calls and getting messages a week after they were left for us.  So we switched to tracfone.  This model was great for my husband who has trouble with touchscreen keypads.  He can type more easily on this little pull-out pad.  Another feature I like is that the slot for the mini-SD card is on the side of the phone so you don't have to take the back off in order to take out the card.  We use the card for songs.  The sound is decent.  It is not a fancy phone, but WOW for the money it is worthwhile.

I got this phone because my other phone broke. I have always loved tracfone because it is so inexpensive, and when I found that tracfone offered a phone that had a touch screen and a slide-out keyboard I was thrilled! I was even more thrilled realizing that it had triple minutes and I could buy it refurbished for a fraction of its selling price!! Some other reviews complain how difficult this phone is to activate and transfer minutes and a number to, but I did not find that so. It was actually once it was activated that I had problems: Whenever I tried to make a phone call I received a Verizon Wireless message asking me to pay for the phone call and when I tried to text I was told that I had no service (even though the phone showed 3-4 bars of service!). I contacted Tracfone's online service center, but they were of no help to me. I then contacted the refurbisher, but he couldn't help me with the problem either. Finally, I called Tracfone service center and in 2 minutes they had the problem fixed!! Lesson learned: if you have a problem with tracfone, call them instead of using their online service.Other than that problem the phone is great with all the features I wanted and a modern look!

This is a great deal for young kids.  Touch screen, slider keypad for ease of texting.  Buying a year card with Triple minutes and using a coupon code will provide ample usage for kids.  Small and durable for talking and texting.  And i believe it uses verizon's network.

Unfortunately Verizon has no service in our area. I had to return it. The phone is probably alright if we have signal.

I can text and everything with this phone. However, I really love my husbands better. But it is ok for what I need.

Daughter is in love with her new phone.  Has both touchscreen and keyboard for convenience, and wow...triple minutes makes Tracfone service more affordable than ever.The phone was easy to activate and add minutes to.She is now 'equal' to her friends with modern phones and monthly plans.  (Not important to me - but important to her.

I keep my  Verizon number and got it transferred ok. The process to activate on the web did not work well. I would enter the next number on the phoneas instructed on the website and it would say invalid on my phone. I figured out if I went to the beginning of the update process on the web for each number and entered which number to enter the number would work but the next would not unless I started over again. The phone works as described. I. Like the slide out keyboard for entering contacts.

Read the reviews and took a chance on a good deal on the phone.  Great phone for what I need it for and very simple to use and setup.

my husband loves the phone and it came with triple minutes  sevice days are longer  ppalmer162@yahoo.com  great phone would recommend to anyone wanting a prepaid phone

I have used Tracfone for many years.  This is the BEST!  Get reception everywhere.  The interface makes sense and works well.  Touch Screen AND full-sized QWERTY.  And the price that Amazon is selling it for now (8 Aug 2013) is a DEAL.Get it.

the phone was in brand new condition...it only took a couple hours of charging and it works like a dream. My son uses it every day from school and golf courses all over the county. he gets reception where other kids with fancy smart phones can't. we are very happy with the phone.

Phone worked as advertized. I am a novice texter and the qwerty kybd made it so much easier. Touch screen responds with positive feedback. Not a Smart phone but makes me feel a bit more up to date.

The phone did not display the number of available minutes and the due date of the services. Because (1) I did not want to  go through the procedures for transferring the phone number and the minutes to another phone again and (2) I could make calls and could receive calls, so I did not bother to request a RMA.

I SO LOVE THIS CELL PHONE IT WORKS GREAT AND I TOLD ALL MY FRIENDS ABOUT AMAZON IS AMAZING HAVE A BLESSED DAY

the phone is great...getting used to it....but i did not get triple minutes as it said i would....i love the slide out keyboard and the touch screen options - having a great time with it!

I bought this for my Mom (who's in her late 70's) who needed a new cell phone. She only uses Tracfone and didn't want anything to fancy or difficult to learn how to use. She loves this phone! She has never had an MP3 player and she uses this phone all the time to listen to her music now. She also loves the slide out keyboard for texting, it much easier for her. Another added bonus is when she adds time to her phone she is getting triple minutes now.

Got this for my 12 year old and it's perfect. Enough bells and whistles to keep him happy and at a great price to keep me happy.

I bought this because the ATT connected Lg800g had no service in the Spring City Tn area. Pros Smaller than it looks in the pictures. Works at work, Full keyboard slider and touch screen. Can use larger than 4gb sdhd memory card support (16gb)  Cons Poorly planed and executed Operating system. can't arrange music / contacts lists.  Can't move a contacts Icons to the home.  In short compaired to the Lg800g the operating system Is clunkey and lacks the auto reject functionality the lg800. The 505c has many shortcomings compared to the 800 (like poor call quality)  except it is functional in isolated location. 505c has very Short battery life. It has to be charged every day it will not run a second day on a charge. Groups in the contacts list can only include 5 entries. File Views odd and confusing in the memory card music folder may show three of four of the same file but if you look at it on the computer they are not there. It can't correctly import the lg800 contact list.

I love this phone for texting....I really bought it for my mother for the voice dial it really works great on voice I had so much fun playing with it when it arrived I wore the battery down...can't go wrong with this phone one of the best in tracfone along with the samsung 455c.  Also like verizon coverage

Spent over 2 hours trying to get the thing to work after purchase.  Finally found that the sim card was bad and when I returned the phone, found out that they are many issues with these phones.  Customer support is horrible too..don't waste your time or money.

Spent a couple of evenings on the Tracfone website trying to set up this phone.  The phone itself seems to work well but it's hard to say for sure if it's any good, since I can't get the service to function.  Complicated setup procedure on the Tracfone website with multiple levels and numerous long codes required to be typed in.  Eventually I received a phone number assignment but was unable to get the service to recognize the number.Phone will go into the trash.

Can not find this phone in stores. It has great features and since it uses the Verizon towers, I get reception everywhere.

I got this phone because it is the neatest one I could find that was a "C" model and therefore runs on Verizon.  There are many nice G model phones but the AT&T; towers don't have suitable coverage here.It is nice and compact and the reception is great.  My only issues are for one, that the keys on the slider keyboard are hard plastic.  My thumbnail slips off.  I would prefer a more rubbery key.For the other, it doesn't scroll well.  I try to scroll through my contacts and it keeps wanting to select the first one I touch instead of scrolling.  That's pretty frustrating, but I do have my top contacts on the screen you can slide to from the home screen, so I don't usually have to scroll.

Unbelievable phone for the money. Very responsive touch screen. Removable Micro SDCard a big plus. Bluetooth pairs with my car audio instantly. Couldn't be better.  Ended up buying a second one just to have as a spare!

I had to replace my old phone because of a cracked screen ( phone only two  months old). This LG phone is so much easier to use than my (old) Samsung was. Phone is just the the best tracfone I have ever had. GO LG.

This is a good phone, perhaps a Great Phone, but it is NOT a &#34;Smart&#34; phone.  It uses a proprietary Java programming system which is specific to the service provider the particular phone is assigned to.  In other words, this phone when bought for a Net 10 account will have some different abilities or restrictions from the same model that is built for Tracfone use.  You cannot add any Apps that are now most common for various News Programs or Weather Channels or even Facebook.  This phone runs on the CDMA style networks, most commonly Verizon.  It is a good looking, SMALL yet heavy well-built phone with a touch screen rather than lots of excessive buttons.  Those with big thumbs or weak eyes will not want to use this phone.  This phone, as of the writing of this review is acceptable on the Tracfone sponsored &#34;Safelink&#34; program, so Safelink customers that are on an assigned CDMA network can up-grade their phone to this one, but must contact Safelink customer service once the new phone is available to do the change.  It is a good phone, and there are lots of reviews here and on-line about various features.  Use the reviews with caution, many of the reviews 'presume' that the phone will do or have features that it does not have, especially if you are using this phone as a Tracfone or Safelink phone.  It does have the ability to use a Micro SD card, of up to 16 GB some claim that it will also accept a 32 GB  card BUT I have seen no real verification of that and the manufacturer (LG) and the carriers do NOT suggest any card larger than the MicroSD 16 GB card.  One can keep many pictures and much music on that card.  I like the alarm feature, and also the other built-in applications.  I really enjoy this phone, and though not as wonderful as my friends 'smart phones' it does everything I want and more!  I would recommend this phone to any one that was not a Klutz, LOL.  Before you buy it, download and read the instruction manual...then you will understand if this is the phone for you.

This is a nice slider phone that is not too heavy or big.  I love sliders but weight and size are always a drawback.  It has a neat little menu bar so you can access any new/current alarms, messages, calendar events and even change ringer volume here.  Plus, a small customizable &#34;desktop&#34; to access some of your more frequently used functions.  Some of the built in functions are more capable than I have seen in other &#34;dumb phones&#34;.  Have not even tried the internet yet, but, at least I haven't accidentally activated the browser yet either.  I will probably never even use internet.  Call quality can be good at times, so, I wonder if when i get bad quality it may be the person I am speaking to instead of my phone.  So far, I have not pocket dialed anyone yet.  It has not been unresponsive or misbehaved.  I can connect it to my Mac to transfer/delete files or send via bluetooth between Mac and phone.  All around a good phone.Drawbacks:  If you use your own ringtone and it is not long enough instead of looping it the phone uses some obnoxious ring tone after your ring tone.  A canned voice announces messages and calls (some may like this feature) I am not sure I like it.  When writing a text message instead of just letting you write and automatically breaking the message up into pieces to send it this phone will not let you send anything over the character limit.  Interface for camera is rather clumsy.  I thought it would run apps but cannot figure out how to make that happen.For a cheap phone it ain't too shabby.  :)

Best phone I've had yet.  Did not want a smart  phone but wanted something up to date.  Easy to set up.  This phone does something NO other phone (mine or work) ever did before... Work in our house.  Had to buy it from AMAZON as Tracfone lists it but does not seem to sell it.

Once in awhile, I get a call for me.  The rest of the time, I get sales calls from all over.  I don't answer them anymore, but deleting them is a many-step process.  And there is no number blocking, so the same bozos can call every day and never go away.  There is also no &#34;minutes left&#34; notice, which I want.  Bought it because it's CDMA capable and I frequently go into the boonies where only Verizon/CDMA phones will work.  And because it doesn't have a sim card, you can't switch from a working phone in the everyday world to a marginally functional phone for those occasions, you're either stuck with something like this all the time, or you just buy time for when you want to have a phone somewhere no other phone is going to work.  But it's cheap, so that's helpful.  Or, I could just leave it behind.  But sometimes, when you're &#34;out there&#34;, a phone can be a helpful thing to have along for an emergency.  In that case, just buy an old flip phone that dials, blocks, closes, and minds its own business.

Great phone, not too many drawbacks, keypad on touchscreen could be a little more sensitive but what do you want for 25 bucks!!!  Well worth the investment!!!

It arrived quickly. I was traveling to seattle and needed a phone. It works great. was getting ad texts and calls but I sent tracfone a message about the spam on my phone and they took care of it. I have not received any spam since. I have had some people text me and they had the wrong number. I decided not to set up voice mail because of wrong number callers. I get better service than my husband who has virgin mobile.

Good phone.  I am very happy with it.  Great for texting. This phone works very well wherever I go, even in the boonies.

Mom loves it, works great! added a SD Card and it works great! Best service as well, better than mine haha! Thank you,

It works fine. Now I just need to get used to all the  things I can do with it so that timewise I can operate faster.

I purchased this Tracfone through Amazon and the price was great. I switched my minutes from my old Tracfone and that was a snap. The people at Tracfone were great. The phone is very easy to use and will do everything I want. The MP3 player is really nice and the sound is good. I love the whole package!!

This phone is great, works really well, small and simple, I havent seen any problems with it , has loud sound which I was amazed at

This product was bought for my son to use...I would love to have it myself!  He was needing an upgraded phone and this was perfect for him.

The original phone that I received did not activate...it was defective.  We contacted tracfone and they sent us a replacement.  My replacement was refurbished, which I was not really happy about, but at least I had a working phone.  I have been pleasantly surprised by the features of this phone (voice activation).  I haven't had any troubles with it so far.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it didn't work to begin with and I had to wait for a new phone.

I MUST HAVE MISREAD BECAUSE I THOUGHT IT CAME WITH FREE WIFI AND E-MAIL, CONSIDERING IT WAS THIRTY TO FORTY DOLLARS THEN MY TOUCH SCREEN. AFTER i LOADED IT UP WITH A LOT OF AIR TIME TO GET A CHEAP PRICE i HAD ALREADY LOADED THE PHONE AND GOT STUCK SO NOW i AM USING TWO PHONES WHICH GETS ANNOYING. DELIVERY WAS PROMPT.

got 2 one for me and one for the husband we love them triple mins even better plus price was great under $40 cant beet

Very satisfied.  Price was very reasonable.  Will order accessories or parts in same manner.  Would recommend to everyone I know that this product is worth buying.

This phone is great for texting for the price.  if you just need a basic phone and slider keyboard for texting, this is a good option. Works well on the Verizon network.

This is an excellent cellphone. I bought this cellphone because another tracfone ,a LG 800G. didn't respond the way I thought it should.The old phone , a  Lg800G  's touchscreen seemed to be slow to respond to my touch . This made placing a call a bit of a pain.The LG 505C however has a very responsive touchscreen . It also has a REAL keyboard that slides out  making entering data easy and accurate. I am very satisfied with this tracfone  .

The phone is good.The charger did not work I used the one from my other phone. Why would I need four more words?

I have gone through more than my share of 'pay as you go' phones.  I tell you: I say and think MANY TIMES:  I love love love this phone !  It does everything...easily.  The keyboard is perfectly fabulous.  I never texted much before, but with this phone I do it easily and so I text more.  There is nothing I could want for with this phone.  I would consider it perfect. finally I found a phone that I love love love !  seriously: I am not easy to please, and I am no technical wizard (I am 65)  Everything is easy with this phone and TRIPLES MINUTES  as well.  buy it - it's amazing !

For the first time in years we have full coverage in our rural setting.  Bought the CDMA format of the TracFone LG 505C with triple minutes.  It uses a US Cellular tower next to our home.  Finally, a perfect purchase.

The only problem I had with this phone was the amount of characters allowed for each text.  With my last phone I could text as long a message as I wanted and it would just charge more. But with this phone I HAVE to stop at 160 characters and have to continue on a brand new message box. It's the same for receiving texts. If the characters go over 160 than you'll receive the message in chunks. It can be very confusing and extremely frustrating. My old phone was also a tracfone so I don't see why they could have made this feature in a newer phone as well. If you often find yourself writing long text messages than I would not get this phone. Also, there is no video recorder...:(Besides that, I really like this phone. It has a touch screen which I really love plus a qwerty keyboard. I was also very excited about the headphone jack because with my previous phone I had to play music out loud but now I can actually insert my headphones into the phone and listen that way.  It has a lot of cool features that are easy to access and you can't go wrong with triple minutes!So all in all, I'm very happy with this phone except for the text messaging limitation.

I have been with Tracfone for 8 years and have tried a few different phones . This is a super quality phone at a GREAT price. I live in an area in NH where Verizon has the best service which ment I needed a CDMA phone . Triple minutes from Tracfone makes this dael SWEEEEEEEEEET .

This phone was a real find.  It's refurbished but you would never know it.  And tracfone honors the triple minutes.  Good sound -- better than my previous AT&T Blackberry.

This phone is easy to use. I love the key board. The touch screen is easy to use and easy to get useto. The best part is that is cheap!!!!!

Minutes phone said it would come with a certain amount of minutes and it didn't. So when my daughter got it on Christmas she no min.  Prepaid isn't worth it.

I bought this phone for my son, he likes the way it looks. He says it is easy to use, however the keys are a little small.

Living in a rural area, I needed a phone that used the Verizon network which this one does.  I paid $80 for it six months ago and now it's only $25 so that is a disappointment.  It says you can access the web and I thought I would be able to with this phone . . . well, that's a huge stretch of the imagination - no you can't access the web. Ok, so I guess maybe it does - it says it's on the web -  but you sure can't pull anything up off the Internet.  DON'T buy this phone if you're thinking you'll have Internet/web access.  The touch screen is a bit touchy, I really like the keyboard for texting.

I like this product and I would recommended buying this item. This is my review of the LG 505c, after setting up this phone and activating it, I found it to be easy and fun to use. I highly recommend it to everyone, including first time users.

Great little phone for those of us who don't have a need for fancy features. The touch screen is a little hard to navigate, but the low price AND the triple minutes compensates for that.

Good basic starter phone. Has enough to see what you really want with out the cost. Best thirty bucks i ever spent

If you want a phone to call some one in your home town, or even the next state then get one.  To me I don't really have a phone bill anymore.Paul

I like some of it's features, but I find it a little difficult to use.I took a bunch of photos yesterday and now I can't find them.  I wanted to get a wallpaper of something I see all of the time, but they didn't come out and for some reason the screen is locked  and keeps asking for a password.There is nothing in the book about getting rid of the lock.Also there is nothing in the book about how to put the phone just on vibrate and it doesn't work like my old phone, putting it on vibrate just by pressing the pound key.Answering voice mails is difficult because again it asks for a password even jus pressing #1.It's crazy.

I ordered this phone for my kids and it is a great phone for them. I received it 2 days after I ordered it...very impressive!  It is an easy phone to use and economic.

I bought this for a family member whose level of responsibility demanded a prepaid, cheap phone. I was pleasantly surprised when I opened the package. The phone feels solid and well made. For such a cheap phone, it has a lot of nice features - slide out full keyboard and even a touch screen. The size is also nice, being a bit larger than some of the prepaid phones I looked at.  I posted a photo of this phone next to my husband's Galaxy S2 for comparison.The triple minutes help save money and the calls are nice and clear.  We've had no problems with reception in our mountainous region that can be prone to dead spots.I'm very happy with the purchase so far.

The phone works great.  I haven't text-ed yet.  I don't know how to text.  I'll get around to it one of these days.  I only have it for emergencies.  I had a phone that lasted me eight years.  I only used it for 30 minutes of talk time.  I would recommend it to a friend.

I bought this phone because it works on the Verizon network. I does! Big improvement over my last phone that was on the AT&T network. Connectivity is much improved. The quality of the phone is OK. It's not quite as solid as my previous phone, but it seems pretty good. Got a case for it and also keep it in my belt case. Double casing should keep it good I hope!

If you aren't looking to invest in a smartphone (or a contract plan), this is a great phone.  The call quality is good (I have mine through Tracfone), and I really like the keyboard.  I do wish the screen was a bit bigger, though, but it's really not a big issue.

The phone was shipped promptly and was just as described!The phone was new and in all new packaging.My Daughter loves it!Thanks

This is my daughters college phone. She loves the texting pad. She said she appears to get the same reception as all the other students with their phones. There are places where their phones do and don't come in. The charge is not all that great. She leaves it on all day and charges it daily but I think it could go maybe 3 days without charging. She hasn't had the chance to risk the testing not charging it so she just keeps in charged. Be sure to see which phones work in your area code by going to Tracfone.com. This is a mistake I've made in the past by just buying one at the store.

The responsiveness of the screen needs to be improved; sometimes you need to tap two or three times with varying degrees of finess or strength to get things done. Not a bad phone though.

This phone is perfect for my daughter. She was wanting a touchscreen phone for Christmas. I was able to buy this phone without going broke and she got what she wanted.

I bought this for a spare phone for trips and travel, when I don't want to bring my regular (expensive) smart phone.  This unit is something I wouldn't really mind if it got lost or damaged out camping & hiking.  This price is excellent for this phone.  It's a great value and a good phone with some nice features.  (although I wish it had wi-fi, if I had to choose again I would have upgraded to a phone with that feature)I have found coverage to be excellent in most places and I have been quite pleased with the battery life and the Tracfone service.  The keyboard is nice and it is much larger than the touchscreen I am used to, so I really like it.  It's not as intuitive as a smart phone, but it is learnable.  The camera however is horrid, but when I am traveling I have a regular camera with me so it's not really a big deal for me.I did register the phone online and was pleased to see the site offers a variety of bonus minutes with promo codes offered in a pop-up window for most of the cards available.  Then the whole thing gets tripled which gives me lots and lots of free minutes.  I have bought minutes online twice now without any problem at all.  They are all automatically tripled, even the free bonus minutes get tripled, what a great deal.  I will never buy refill cards at the store just because of the availability of so many different promo codes online.  Easy easy easy..

didn't work right from day one (bad touch screen). didn't know ubtil after i loaded the minutes. PITA to change numbers. Replacement was a LG800GR5, more of the same... that it doesn't always work (appears to be bad reception).

not for arthritic fingers address book is NOT EASY to use  hard to set touch calibration and it doesn't respond to my verbal orders

This is a Simple, but perfect little cellphone for my needs. Works great and does what I need it to do.

When I am at home, my phone roams and I drop calls.  When I am, say, out of state, and my phone says I am in my home area, I get clear calls and don't drop them,  Not sure if it is the phone or the way the company set it up.

Good over all phone that combines a touchscreen with a pull out keypad for texting. I also like the larger screenand it utilizes Verizon towers!

I was unsure if this phone would work in my area,  so far I am very pleased with it.  It does not take that great of pictures, but I really did not buy it for the camera function anyway.  I love the slider key board.

The delivery was quick, but getting the phone to transfer from another TracFone is a pain.  Plus these phones are sold without the promotional 300 minutes that the TracFone reps claimed were included with the phone.  Phone works great, has many options for accessories, and does what I need.

Living in a rural area, cell service is sometimes iffy, with this phone I seem to be able to use it when I want and where I want.  Strongly recommend this LG phone

Like the headline says, it is what it is described and supposed to be. That's really all that can be expected, no?!? The only reason it didn't get a fiver is because the touchscreen is no where near as smooth as it could be. The touch sensitivity, which cannot be adjusted, is glitchy compared to other phones/pads, not nearly as smooth. Therefore heavy steady pressure must be applied throughout, which in turn makes it difficult to slide things accurate and easy.

Bought it for my 9 year old. He loves it, great deal at only $5.99 and triple minutes.

is nice for someone who just wants to talk & txt.okay for playing mp3s but there is no way to view the music storage folders so you can not easily select one file, have to browse through all of them every time, 600+ songs takes a long time to browse through.will not allow you to access the phone's storage\memory in any way. so you can't install apps or any type of .jar files. also can't move single files from your SD card to the phone, only in certain instances with wallpapers and ring sounds. browsing on this thing is horrible for every circumstance.will have to use Tracfone's web access to re\download all apps or games, those few that are available anyway.i have tons of Tracfone and other mobile games that are useless with this phone: no way to install them even if I do have them on my microSDHC memory card.

awesome just as they stated

I like all the features of this phone.  It is a good size and fits into my purse with room to spare.

ordered for my son...Its a great phone..does everything it is suppose to do.  The look is stylish, easy keys to text on and etc..

Perfect phone for my needs, shipped as promise all with triple minutes....buy 60 minutes at tracfone and get 180 minutes for $19.99 plus taxes

I bought the LG 505C because I wanted a slider phone and triple minutes.  I have an LG flip phone that is quite good, so I went with this one.  For me, the phone didn't work out too well.  The phone kept sliding open in my pocket.  This quickly diminished the battery life.  Also, I found games on it ran really slow.  UNO on the flip phone, a much less powerful phone, ran much quicker.The triple minutes were great, but otherwise the phone itself left plenty to be desired.

It's easy to use, easy to figure out where and how to use the apps...I'm really glad I purchased it. Of course the triple minutes were just a extra bonus....and the price was great... as i had priced it in Wal Mart and it was 2X's the ampunt.

I am very happy with this phone.  I love the keyboard since I have never had one before.  it is also a touch screen.  I have only one negative thing to say..... only that I'm not used to touch screen and when I scroll on the contact list, sometimes it stops at a name I don't want and you have to be careful it doesn't call them.  I think it's just a matter of getting used to the touch, I may touch it just a little too hard.  I have the option of a &#34;go to&#34; and then I can type the name in, seems to be working for me better.  other than that,  I love the phone and I would certainly get it again.  I love the triple minutes.  It's as close to a smart phone as you can get.  I don't want to spend a lot monthly so this is a good way to go. It works off of Verizon towers and that is what we have in my rural area. CDMA phones work better than GSM phones in our area.  I would recommend this to anyone.

i live in a rural community and was not happy with my other tracfone, been a tracfone customer for 9 years.  i had the 501C and just hated that phone.  I had a little trouble getting it to transfer my number and minutes only because you get a voice command and of course i know that that never works.  But once i finally got a live operator he had everything transferred within 10-15 minutes. Go to live operator tracfone.i am not that cell phone savoy but this phone has so many features i know i am not using and should because it has so much to offer.  I love the keyboard and find i am texting more than i used to.  But only limited on ring tones, takes great photos.  Lots to learn yet but am very happy with this phone.

I've been a Tracfone subscriber for years, but their selection of phones is quite sparse. I wan't to upgrade from my LG290C, and I went with this phone. Unfortunately, it is really lacking in up-to-date features. It's OK, but not what i really want. I think I'll be leaving Tracfone soon. As far as the phone itself, I love the slideout keyboard, and it's very responsive to touch. I don't think the voice quality is all that good, though.

I GOT THIS PHONE, AS MY FIRST PHONE, HAVING A GREAT TIME LEARNING IT, IT IS FUN TO USE AND EASY TOO, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE WANTING A GOOD, PAY-AS-YOU-GO PHONE!

I've had this phone for about a year now and it has worked great.  The triple minutes are a nice to have.

I tried to like this phone and when it behaved it was decent-the problems were persistant though and I finally got itreplaced under warrranty- but some of the worst things continued.The screen would go black during calls sometimes and when it didI had to turn the phone off to hang up a call. I replaced it witha Tracfone ZTE Valet from Amazon which has been excellent.See my review of the Valet.

If you don't need the newest smartphone with every bell and whistle Apple or Samsung engineers can dream up, then I think you'll like this more basic phone. Don't buy it if you:A. Must browse the web 24/7/365.B. Must have at least 6 megapixels worth of camera resolution to feel adequate.C. Must have GPS-enabled driving assist; the ability to use Instagram instantly; or a phone that is closer in size to a computer screen and costs more than a month's rent.If you need a phone that doesn't come with a near-triple-digit monthly bill; connects when you dial, receives when someone calls you and has clear call quality when you talk, this is a great buy.Everything is very straightforward as far as functionality. Texting is easy with the slide-out QWERTY keyboard; contacts from my old phone were easily downloaded via Bluetooth; and navigating the phone is pretty easy for a non-smartphone setup.For less than $25 and the cost-effective Tracfone plans, I can't imagine why anyone who just needs the basics from a cell phone wouldn't give it a try.One thing to remember -- this is a Verizon network phone, so make sure Verizon's coverage is adequate where you plan to use it. I had the more smartphone-like LG840G (a phone I actually liked a lot), but AT&T;'s coverage in and near my home is awful. This was one of the few CDMA (radio system used by Verizon and some other carriers) phones from Tracfone that I could find, and I have been very happy with the coverage.

Love It, the features are easy to figure out.  I haven't had any problems, no service areas either.  What else could a person ask for?  I would highly recomment this to everyone!

I do not require a lot of bells and whistles, just a good signal, battery life and texting method.  That is what you get with this phone if your strongest network is Verizon.

This phone with its triple minutes and Horizon networking is exactly what I was looking for in a prepaid phone. The price was beyond reasonable and  purchased another as a back up.

intuitive interface. slider keyboard easy to use. can get to web when needed. At a tracfone price ... pretty awesome

After moving from Delaware to Central Florida, I found that my previous GSM Tracfone had extremely poor coverage in my house and immediate neighborhood (I had to go outside and sometimes walk down the block to make/receive calls or retrieve voice mail messages).  I needed to switch to a CDMA cell phone in order to piggyback on the provider network with the broadest coverage.  I was not able to find a local retailer who carried CDMA Tracfones (I like the pay-as-you-go arrangement, with no contract), so I turned to Amazon.  I did not want a fancy, expensive iPhone or Android.  My phone is mainly for security and emergencies.  I am very happy with my LG505C.  I like the slide-out keyboard, the features, and the display.  My only complaint is that there is no ONE single manual that tells me everything I need to know to operate the phone and use its features.  The phone came with a small instruction booklet from Tracfone.  I had to download a pdf of LG's own manual for the LG505C for more details.  Finally, I had to search the Internet for the specific voice mail retrieval commands (which keys to use to replay, delete, rewind, etc.), given my behind-the-scenes provider (Tracfone piggybacks on different providers' networks, depending on area of country and whether the phone is GSM or CDMA).  I am now on the CDMA network with the most extensive coverage in my area.  It's not perfect, but it's noticeably better than it was before on GSM.  I like the LG505C a lot and would buy it again.

I use Tracfone and after reading all the excellent reviews, I ordered this phone.  Went on the Tracfone web site  to active and transfer my mins.  When I put in the serial number I got a message back that said to contact StraightTalk to active and use this phone??

didnt even work after activating it so i threw it awaydont waste time buying this s*** trust me man

I live in a small town and I particularly purchased this phone to get connected with Verizon. This phone is CDMA phone, not GSM. The previous phone I had was GSM and it was connected thru AT&T. I had problems w/signal receiving. Most of the time, I see NO SERVICE in my office. This one works great. I never seen NO SERVICE in this phone so far. Phone is sleek and very good to handle. I love it.

Prepaid phones are a great idea, and combining this idea with rational ergonomics, easy registration and solid support would make such a product almost ideal for light use. But the Tracfone LG505C fails miserably in all three categories.  The manual keyboard is microscopic, inviting errors.  The instructions are incorrect in key areas, deficient in detail, a mercilessly dismissive to new users.  The automated telephone support is an audio obstacle course.

I love the front screen and the slider QWERTY keyboard.  Works great, it was a replacement for older slider keyboard phone.

the LG 505c is maybe the ideal prepaid mobile phone for those who use them only moderately.(hint: A lot of these points will be comparing this phone to my previous model *LG500G* )PROS:*Touchscreen. nice.*Price. Only around $25 when a friend paid considerably more at a retail store a year and a half ago?*Slider QWERTY keyboard which allows for slightly larger keys as compared to the LG500G (and a full row of numeric keys instead of having to 'function shift' the numbers from the letter keys when applicable.)*A cleaner, smoother (and bigger!) viewing area.*Triple minutes instead of double.*Nicer sound for a Tracfone model.*Less clumsy layout of volume dials when inserting back into holsterCONS:*1.2 mp camera versus 1.3 on the 500G. But really, it's negligible for a prepaid phone.In all, I'm greatly satisfied for someone who doesn't really like doing the cell phone 'thing' but realizes it's necessary to have something. And if I 'need' to have one, at least I'm fully content with this. Recommended for those who don't want a tin cup but who is not ready for the contract smart phone level.

I got this phone because I didn't want to pay 50 dollars a month for a prepaid phone, to be honest I don't use my phone day in and day out, but I use it enough. I can just add minutes on my phone whenever I want straight from my phone, so I don't have to worry about getting to the store. The battery life is great. I can go at least two days without charging depending on how often I use my phone. I love having the touch screen and keyboard to text or browse through my phone. Pictures come out better than my optimus Q smartphone I use to have. I love this phone and the fact that I get triple minutes for life on it helps as well. I would suggest this phone to younger kids or someone who needs a basic phone but still has functions as a smartphone. Also you can't beat the price of the phone either. This phone goes for 80 dollars on most websites, so I really got a deal on it.

I love this phone!!!! It is soooo much better than the Motorola I had before it!! My favorite thing about the keyboard is that it slides out. It has spaces between the keys. A little small but otherwise a great little phone!

Great phone for the price.  You get triple minutes with this phone from Tracfone and for $100 I bought 1450 minutes!

My wife has told me that we are going to have to upgrade or other old phone to something that works as good as this one, real good service from the seller.

The LG 505c is what I consider a semi-smart phone.  Previously, I had the Droid X2, so I was used to a LOT of features.  Unfortunately, I couldn't afford to keep it and the Verizon service once I left my past employer, so I went searching for the things which were most important to me:  a touch screen, qwerty keyboard, full contacts list (has spots for multiple phone numbers, email addresses, full options for a physical address, etc) and basic browser capabilities.  I don't try to surf the web on the phone, that's not important to me ( I have a tablet for that), but I can access my email, which is good.  The LG 505c from Tracfone does all of the above extremely well (well the browser is a bit slow, but oh well...).  It also holds a charge for a week or more with light use and has very good sound quality.  If you are a light to moderate user, you really can't beat the price for the phone or for the minutes purchased.  I would definitely purchase it again.

I switched from the LG 840G to the LG 505C, only because I needed Verizon service and my LG 840G was AT&T. The 505C is fine and the triple minutes make this less than exciting phone more than worth it. Instead of complaining, I should be grateful to have found a phone with triple minutes on tracfone with Verizon service!!! and I am! I just wish the touch screen allowed better scrolling. It has a resistive touch screen, instead of capacitive, like the LG 840G has. It's smaller than it appears in photos, and, yes, I did read many reviews mentioning all of this before my purchase. As there are very limited options out there for NON SMARTPHONES with Verizon service, I'm not sorry that I bought this phone. Please don't be discouraged by my review. The LG 505C is a decent basic phone. The speakerphone works wonderfully well and, honestly, I cannot really think of anything that is wrong with the LG 505C.

Hey, this is pretty great for under $30. It works well, looks well, and lasts. The keyboard is large enough for my big hands. The camera isn't Nikon or anything, but that's not what I want to pay for. Trusty phone.The only thing- which doesn't truly bother me - is that the touch screen is sensitive to every touch; so I have found the phone calling people or playing music in my pocket.

Makes talking and texting easy.  It also has a caller ID readout and has a voce dial option for programmed numbers.  Another benefit of the phone that it operates on the Verizon network.

I wanted a phone with keyboard and triple minutes from Tracfone...this one is great.  It does not have gps but then it is not a smart phone it is however smartish.

Great CDMA Network Phone. Love the phone but when tried to put microSDHC the card would not insert. After I got some from my brother and nephew. They got it to go in but it would not read the card they had to pull it out and a green tab came out stuck to it. They pulled it off and put the card back in. It still would not read the card. This time a tab stuck inside the slot they removed the tab. This time the microSDHC slid in effortlessly and read 16 GB microSDHC card and got 14.8 free space.

We live in an area where Verizon Wireless is the best service.  So, we ordered the Tracfone LG 505C (the C designates VerizonWireless, whereas a G like in the LG 840G means AT&T).  It works fine, but the reception is just ok - usually 3 bars or so.  The features include a camera for photos, but no video.  Also, no wireless.  It is a solid basic phone which is all we were looking for.

Phone is terrible. I would not buy again but it suits a need for basic phone calls. Triple minutes make this phone free, basically.

I have been a Tracfone customer ever since I first got a cell phone (many years ago).  Their service has improved over the years and I have been a very happy customer.  For me, the prepay is perfect - I'm not a heavy user and only use my phone for calls and texting - internet access is very slow but I don't use it for that.  However, my previous phones did not have a QWERTY keyboard and texting was a real pain.  So I was trying to upgrade for that purpose.  I first tried to order this model phone off the Tracfone website, but when I typed in my zip code, it no longer allowed me to purchase this phone.  I thought it was just some glitch on their website and bought one off Amazon.  Then after reading further reviews with people having problems using this phone in their area, I though it might not work in my area for some reason - maybe the type cell towers we have or something.  After I activated the phone, it still said it needed to be activated and I thought it wasn't going to work and I was out $40+ bucks because I had opened it and couldn't return it, BUT, I called Tracfone and they had me punch in a bunch of codes and IT WORKS.  Not sure that would be true for everyone, but it worked for me and I love this phone.  Easy to use and love the QWERTY keyboard.  Not more tapping three times for one letter for me!

The phone works wonderfully.  I wish the keypad buttons were raised a bit more; would make typing easier for those of us with larger fingers.  The charger only blocks ONE outlet.  No car charger is included.  The 'lock' button is awkwardly placed- immediately opposite the up/down rocker, making it harder to lock with one hand.  Ring volume can be shockingly loud.  I got this phone after doing some research into TracFone triple-minute phones that are CDMA.  Don't let their website mislead you (push you) into a GSM phone if your GSM coverage is marginal...which it WILL do.  Even going so far as advising this phone wouldn't work in ATLANTA.  I did my research beforehand, finding a website that details the locations of CDMA vs. GSM towers within the US AND which frequency bands this phone utilizes.  Since buying it, I've been to Atlanta- it worked there.  I live in the mountains- it works there, too.

Great phone for the price.  It is easy to use and call quality is great.  I love that it has the keyboard.

Like this phone a lot. Enjoying the pullout keyboard instead of the qwerty. Also like the voice commands and calling.

I purchased these 2 phones for use on the Straight Talk program at Walmart. I checked the phones at Straight Talk and was informed that the initial program for these phones is for Tracfone and can only be used at Tracfone. I checked Tracfone rates and they are very expensive compared to Straight Talk rates. Even with triples minutes at Tracfone, they can't touch Straight Talk. The Tracfone people also own Straight Talk, was led to believe that the LG505C worked on Straight Talk because they are also owned by Tracfone. That is not true. Make sure that you purchase the correct phone. I was led to believe that the C at the end of the LG505C is for Verizon phone towers and work with Straight Talk. That is true. Evidently Tracfone has an agreement with Verizon also for the phones that are programmed for Tracfone. Know what you are buying, I did not.

Not a smart phone but a smart choice. This tracfone dose everything I need at a fraction of the cost of a &#34;real wireless phone&#34; . I get Verizon without the high cost.

I bought this phone online for 2 reasons.  First, had I bought through TracFone,  it would have cost more and, second, they would have sent a GSM model.  I needed a CDMI, which works on US Cellular towers where I travel In rural Missouri because only phones working on US Cellular get a signal.  This one works.  The slide-out keyboard is handy.

I will start out by saying my previous phone was a smart phone that I paid $500 for the privilege of using.  It was a very nice phone but battery life sucked, and unfortunately I was held to it be another large carrier's prepaid service, which was almost unusable.  I could do everything *except* talk on it, which is my primary reason for owning a phone.  I didn't want to be held into a contract and since I only use a cell phone when necessary I don't expect to need a huge chunk of minutes.  I decided to go with tracfone because I knew that upon ordering the correct phone model ( indicated by the letter 'C' at the end of the model #) I would be able to use Verizon towers, which work very well in this area.  I will add that the tracfone website states this model won't work it my area, but it works perfectly.  Activating it was a breeze.  It also comes with triple minutes, making it perhaps the least expensive option for light phone users.  The phone itself took some getting used to after having an android device for so long.  In fact, I hated it initially.  I played with it for 24 hours and soon realized that it had everything I wanted: small size, great battery, touch screen works great, camera is pretty good, and because I am using Verizon towers I get a signal everywhere. Simple.  Dependable.  Under $25.  You can't go wrong.

Bought this for my 12 y.o who seldom needs a phone. He had it on the stair railing once, and knocked it off and it landed on the hardwood stairs 10 feet below - not a scratch! Works great, excellent features and the best value service available. My tip to you is get this phone, don't buy a smart phone (personal opinion) for your kid. Get them an Ipod 5 touch so they have tons of apps and connectivity wherever there is wifi, with zero monthly fee. Then get this phone with prepaid minutes, for $11 per month. Granted, this would be for casual phone users, not prolific users. I wish I had this phone!

This is not a great phone, it is however a great phone for a kid's first phone.  It looks cool enough that he won't feel silly, but it is low on features enough that you won't find him playing games or surfing the net.  The few games you can buy really suck, but that is good because you don't want him playing games anyway!  Triple minutes is great because they talk too much.  The slider texts well.  The phone quality is not high, the slider is a bit sticky and it feels lightweight, the screen scratches easily, however it is $5.  When it conks out I will get another.  The company I purchased it from stood by its warranty.  I find tracfone to be a huge pain to deal with but again, this is a first phone for a kid, a bit of a proof of concept if you will...I don't care if he loses it, I don't care if he breaks it, I don't care if he doesn't use it or does use it...In fact losing it would be a great lesson.  If it scratches we all learn to be more careful and again, I don't care...it is great for being cheap and easy and just a trashy phone to give a kid.

After dealing with my Blackberry randomly calling the police and other numbers probably because of the way it sat in my purse, I decided to downgrade to this phone. For $20 a month, I text as much as I want, use Twitter, and check my email. That's all I really need, so it's perfect for me. Plus, I like the qwerty slide-out keyboard; the police won't be bothered by this phone. I also save $30 a month over the Blackberry.

I purchased this phone for my 'other half' to replace his old one. I purchased it here because Amazon had the best price anywhere on this particular model.  It's not the brightest of smartphones, but it fits the bill considering that his needs for a cell phone are modest.  It works well and works for days before needing recharging.  That's a definite PLUS!  The biggest disappointment with it is that you can only have 5 contacts PER group.  Now, who only has 5 family members or just 5 friends, or merely 5 business contacts?

It's an upgrade from my old Tracfone and it has just the right amount of 'bells' & 'whistles' for my purpose.Very easy to navigate also.

I wasn't sure if I will like this phone but I really like it because save time a lot especially writing text by touching the screen.It didn't take much time to learn how to do, just take little time to get used to touching screen to do the task.But after you know how to do, you don't want to go back to pressing button one too.

Compact and the slide out keyboard all make this a great phone.  Qwerty key board makes texting a breeze.  Lets not forget that this phone will do voice recognition for dialing.  Just say the name of the person in your phone you want to call and the phone will find it.  If the person has two numbers in the phone it will announce the first one.  If that is not the number you want to dial just say no and the phone will announce the second number.  It is just that simple.  Great phone at a great price

Its for emergencies, we don't use it much.  There is so much wedon't understand about the phone and the instruction booklet isnot very informative and leaves out so much needed instructions.I'm sure it has a lot of great functions butuntil someone at LG decides to write a complete instruction booklet,we'll never know all its capabilities.  Wish someone would readthis review that works at LG, we simply don't appreciate this phoneas it currently presented (limited information book)!

Much cheaper than purchasing direct from Trac Phone, and has been working great for me.  I really like the qwerty keyboard.  The triple tap method drives me nuts, and i don't like touch screen texting.............wears out the screen fast.  About the only caveat i have is when roaming, i can't text pictures. Big deal. Great phone for the price!

Easy to use phone with keyboard for easy texting.  Economical alternative for staying in touch with family and friends while on the go.  Much better than contracts and high cell phone bills each month.

I lost this phone  and replaced it with a LG flip phone. Places I had no reception at all with the 505C work great with my LG flip phone.I love Tracfone pay as you go plan. IT saves me $300 a year over US cellular.

the clear window scratches super ez if in front pocket.. change or keys will gauge it.the touch screen is rough to use at times. reception good and volume ok.ok for a cheap phone i was not expecting it to be that good. but im happy with the results.

i love the phone its just wat i needed i can do alot on my phone than i did with my other phone

It just has some weird things, settings is impossible to understand and it has some prepaid phone glitch's. strange phone and takes sometime to figure out but other wise okay

Basically the phone does what I expected, but took some trial and error to figure out the functions as it is not always intuitive and the manual provides minimal instructions.

This is a great phone for rural areas. The lg 505c has a nice swift design with 3 home screens and easy navigation. Also triple minutes is a great additive. The only down side is the 1.2 mp (mega pixel) camera which only takes pictures sideways. But over all this is a great phone and I would tell everyone about it.

Bought refurbished at fantastic price reduction. Many features and triple minutes as well; holds charge for quite some time. Kudos!

The phone in all essence is fine. It's from Tracfone, so you can't expect much. I just wish that Tracfone would start to have higher standards for itself. The graphic looks really generic, but overall good product for the price.

I admit, I was skeptical about purchasing a &#34;refurbished&#34; phone, but for the price...hey why not? When I got it, and I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly it came, I was shocked, the phone to me, appeared like I had purchased a brand new one. Packaged with all the extras that you would expect.Yes, I would highly recommend this phone and the supplier.

Triple min. for life and Version for carrier, as good as it gets. Has so many great features and a very solid feel.

I was very self conscious when I bought this phone. Tracfone wasn't a popular company and I wanted to look semi-cool. When I got it, I transferred my minutes very easily and with help I got it working. The keyboard is a very helpful feature because it was a good size and worked well. The touchscreen is sensitive but is a nice touch to the overall value. I love this phone and works great. Buy it now! The best thing you can buy. I bought it because my family called it a cave man phone. Now they play games on it and text (I never let them) their friend s, if they have any. If you buy this phone, you will love it like I do. BBBBBBBBBBBBBUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY NOW! Love it like I do.

Phone is a little small for me (I like bigger ones) but other than that its a nice phone. Not priced to bad either. I wish the screen was a tad bigger. I hit the back button a lot because my finger clicks on the wrong thing.

I know it's not an iPhone or Droid but come on, we can do better than this. I am not a big fan of the soft screen feel and action but it does work for the most part. My phone came with a battery that lasts about 7hrs before shutting down. This is 7hrs of idle time, not talk or web or txt time. Call quality is very good though. The contact section only allows 5 people per group where other phones allow 10. It's a hassle when sending club txts to more than 5 people. The slide out keyboard is ok,but will take a little getting used to. It's a decent phone but has left me wishing I went for the LG 840 instead. I just got the phone so I will add to this as i get deeper into it. Well, that is providing I get the battery issue under control.....

This is a decent phone with triple minutes. Good service in my area! Qwerty keyboard is nice for texting! Overall exactly what I wanted!

Excellent phone!! I had similar one with my old carrier and was disappointed when my current carrier did not offer one like this.Love love love this phone

I love this phone. It's well built & has features of much more expensive phone's. the one draw back is it's 160 character txt. limit

It doesn't work at our house......It may work elsewhere but not at our house.  It might be OK if you live in a city that has good reception, but not in the country.

I have owned this phone for about 9 months.All features work as expected with two minor caveats. First of all, you can download a limited number of MIDP 2.0 apps such as Opera mini. Google maps also installed correctly and a few more. The biggest gripe that I have is that when I am using Opera mini, I cannot always use the qwerty keyboard for entries and have to use the touch screen. I don't know if this is the fault of Opera mini or the phone itself.Make sure you get a memory card for this phone so that you can put MP3s on it and save your photos to it. Taking photos and then sending them via messages costs too many minutes.

So far so good!  The triple minutes kicked in, activation was easy, and it gets good reception.  I only wish Trac Phone had more minutes options...

Really enjoy this phone. I don't use phones very often and this phone is perfect for me! It's a cute little phone and easy to run.

I bought this phone for my elementary age son, to keep in touch with changing afterschool schedules, and extracurricular activities. Great phone, easy to use for the basics.The camera is not great- I don't mind it, because it serves our purpose, but wanted to let that be known. Also, because it has a full keyboard, it doesn't seem to offer spellcheck functions. (Pay attention to your texts). Perfect for tiny fingers, I have a bit of trouble with it, but he operates it fine.My son doesn't use the web features of this phone, so i can't comment on that. I don't love the overall interface of the phone for someone like myself who sends lots of emails, documents, and sets calendar appointments- but again- good for the basics.Came with triple minutes as described- big money saver!

I tried the LG800G, but I had coverage issues with Tracfone.  This phone gets much better reception and cooperates with Verizon and USCellular towers that the ATT programed 800g phones don't like.  The touchscreen seems more sensitive on this phone compared to the 800g.  I really like the slider keyboard.  For me the keyboard is much easier to use than the touchscreen keyboard on the 800g.  Screen size isn't much different, but it is slightly smaller.  The phone works great and does everything I need it to.  The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is the camera is only 1.2 megapixels compared to the 2.0 on the 800g.  It also doesn't record video like the 800g.  The triple minute feature is well worth the price of the phone.  One other nice feature is the micro SD card can slide right in to the side of the phone without having to remove the cover and battery to access it.  I can pop the card out and use it in my desktop reader any time I need without tearing the phone apart.

Very good phone with what I know so far. Manual needs work for explaining new features and functions; auto screens. Will take time to learn functions.

Good basic phone.. It is well made, I've had it 3-4 months and it works well. The reception is also very good.

I just love this phone it is so cool. you can have your text message read out loud . the called id will say the person name that's calling you , and start ringing. very nice phone !

Wow, this phone is exactly like the previous phones I have had for 3 times the cost. It might not be for tech savvy young people who want all the latest in smartphones, but it is great for those of who just want a phone for a phone. (I don't ask my washer to make toast).

nice phone. does everything i need it to do. its my emergency phone and it does a very nice job.

I got the phone but the company couldn't activate the phone so its just a waste of money dont get it. And i needed ther phone to be activated on the day i got it .They couldn't do anything for me so I returned it and had to wait two weeks to get a diffrent phone from tmobile .

For the money, I would say this is a pretty good buy.PROS:-Looks nice & sleek-Fits well in your pocket-Lightweight-Has fold-out keyboard in case you prefer buttons-Triple minutes of course!CONS:-Touch interface is frustrating; it is inaccurate and sometimes requires a lot of pressure-Picture quality isn't that great in comparison with most phones-Menus aren't very organized-Missing some features (i.e. password to use the phone each time you close it)All in all, a good deal from the price, but it definitely won't satisfy all users.

I bought this phone as a gift for my 50+ old uncle. He loves it. The phone is very nice, small, great keyboard, easy to operate and it has goosd reception. I almost bought a pre paid phone at tmoblie for $70 but after reading the reviews in here got this one instead-great decision.

it work great and i love the triple mintues and it serves it gets the job done great phone love it

This phone was well worth the money.  I am terrible with the new technology and am still learning about how to use it but I think it is less difficult to use then most.  It seems to do everything any smart phone does.  I do wish it was just a bit larger but would surely recommend if you need a new phone.

Good Phone,hard to activate for some reason? Phone has really good battery, and reception is good.Really like it.Thanks, Dean

This phone has proven to be well worth the money.  It is best for someone who does moderate texting and calling.  My wife and I each have one of these and we love them.  We don't have a need for smartphones and all of the associated technology that comes with them.  This phone uses the Verizon towers which works great for us.  Very few if any dropped calls as compared to our previous GSM phones.  The battery gets charged about once a week unless we have a lot of talk time.  We have been using these phones for 7 months and have no complaints.  I would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a decent prepaid phone without a lot of bells and whistles.  The mp3 player on this phone is pretty nice as well.  I have an 8 gb micro sd card in my phone and it's no where close to being full and I have hours of music to listen to.

I purchased a new LG-505C from the Tracfone website. It arrived two days later via FedEx.I don't text very often, and I call even less, so I rarely use a cell phone. But when I do, I expect it to work. I bought this Verizon-network CDMA slider phone to replace a Samsung Gravity T-669 slider that I used on T-Mobile's GSM network--which just didn't provide adequate coverage for my needs.The Samsung slider is slightly bigger and more substantial and it has some great features, but it also has its drawbacks. The keyboard on this LG is about the same size as the Samsung's, but the LG keyboard has two distinct advantages. First, it has a separate number row, so you don't have to press the function key every time you want to enter a number. Second, the writing on the LG's keys is all in white, which makes everything much easier to see. On the Samsung, the letters and numbers were in white, but the symbols were in dark red (on black keys) which made them almost impossible to see. You either had to memorize where the symbols were located on the keyboard or use a flashlight to find them. Seriously!As for the size of the keys--on either phone--I have big fingers, so I almost always use a stylus (okay, it's really an ink pen) to press the keys and to navigate the touch screen. If I don't have access to a "stylus," I have to carefully use the very tip of my finger, which can be rather challenging. Regardless, I find a slider keyboard easier to use than, say, a virtual keyboard in portrait mode on an iPhone.I used the Tracfone web site to port my existing number. The process was flawless and only took about 30 minutes to complete.As for texting, the limitation of 160 characters is annoying. My previous phone/network let me type as much as I needed to, then it automatically broke apart the message and sent multiple SMSs, as needed. Note: I've read that you can use the MMS picture message function to send more than 160 characters, but it costs a full minute to send a MMS. If the recipient then hits "Reply" and sends you a return message, it'll come back as a MMS, which will cost you another minute, so be forewarned.As mentioned in many of these reviews, the touch screen on this phone is very sensitive. For example, it can be next to impossible to scroll without opening whatever feature your finger touches when you attempt to scroll the screen. Performing a screen calibration does not help with the sensitivity. I've read that installing a screen protector helps reduce the sensitivity, which makes sense, but I've not tried it myself. (Update 12/20/2013: I installed an "Xtreme Guard" brand screen protector, and it reduced the touch-screen sensitivity by just the right amount. It is much easier now to scroll, without constantly opening the wrong thing. It still happens occasionally, but a LOT less often.)One BIG plus to this little phone is the "triple minutes for life" feature. What a great bargain! Also, as mentioned previously, this phone is smaller than it appears in the picture. Honestly, it's considerably smaller than I thought it would be, but that just make's it easier to carry in a pocket. (Update 12/20/2013: I installed a two-piece ribbed, rubberized hard case (that came with a holster) which makes this little phone much easier to grip, which ultimately makes texting much easier. Before having the the rubberized case, the phone was somewhat slippery and hard for me to hold on to when typing.)The included apps are adequate but could be laid out better and be more flexible. For example, it would be nice if the "Contacts" icon could be added to the Home screen or to the Quick Launch bar. Granted, there is a separate screen for frequently used contacts, but I'd prefer to have an icon right on the main Home screen. I also wish the Calendar app would display a list of ALL scheduled events. As it is, you have to tap on the individual date to view any event(s) for that one particular day only. There's no way (that I've found) to display a full list of ALL events.The included web browser works, but I've always found it extremely slow and quite painful to surf on non-smart phones with such small screens, so I don't use the browser function.Just so you know, there's no e-mail app included. Personally, I've never used my phone to process e-mail, so I don't miss it. However, if you do use your phone for e-mail, you should probably consider a different model . . . I suppose you could always use the web browser to check e-mail, but that'd be very slow and expensive.I find that both the "Lock" button and the "Camera" button, on the right side of the phone, are difficult to push. These buttons are located on the bottom (keyboard) half of the phone body, which has a curve to it that makes those buttons difficult to access--at least for my big fingers. Ironically, the "Volume" rocker, on the left side of the phone, doesn't seem to be nearly as difficult to push as those two buttons are on the right side . . . things that make you go "Hmmm."As for the camera itself, I don't use it personally. But, still, 1.2 MP seems kinda pathetic. Also, I understand that there is no video function on this phone.I installed an 8GB micro SD card loaded with music. The phone itself sounds okay when playing music through the built-in speaker. The sound improves greatly when listening through a good set of earphones. BTW: To view/access the micro SD card, when the phone is plugged into a computer, go to "Settings" then "USB Mass Storage" and select "On."Speaking of sound, the call quality, both incoming and outgoing, are quite good with this phone. I wish the speaker was a little easier to engage during an active call.I call overseas a lot, and Tracfone's international rate to Germany, for instance, is the same as it is for domestic calls. One of the coolest Tracfone features, for me anyway, is the ability to assign a "1-888" number to frequently-called international numbers. This keeps me from having to dial Tracfone's 1-800 International Access Number, then having to type in the appropriate Int'l access code + country code + phone number. You can assign the "1-888" number to a speed dial, then simply press and hold only ONE key to call overseas (as opposed to finger dialing 25+ digits). Sweet!Overall, given the combined price of this phone and the prepaid minutes, plus access to Verizon's network, I'm satisfied.

This phone is perfect for my daughter. Shortly before her birthday, she &#34;mentioned&#34; the qualities she liked in phones (qwerty keyboard slide-out and touch screen) so I chose this one. Because it is her first phone, I wanted no long-term commitment to any phone company and I wanted the basic features with a few bonuses. I love the triple-minutes!!! No problems whatsoever (3 months now) so I would happily recommend this to anyone who has researched the features and decided upon this phone. She's now doing weekly chores to earn money for more minutes! LOL She's happy and I have more help with cleaning!

Bought this phone for my wife to replace a phone she did not like. Got what we expected and she loves the feature that allows her to set up 12 contacts on a screen that can be pulled up with one swope of the finger.We have used Tracfone for years and found the service excellent.

Unlimited service for the monthEasy to activate thru TracfoneGreat deal nice small phoneVery nice priceTouch screen is not the best but slide keyboard headphone jack n camera

The phone works fine.  I like the features it has--I did not want a smart phone--this phone does everything I need.  The triple minutes feature is great!!!

I would recommend this phone to anyone. The only problem I had was transferring my old number to this phone. It took multiple calls w/tracfone to accomplish this.

If you are into Prepaid Plans and want a SmartPhone then this is the one. No more bills. Pay as you go. It has a touch screen, apps and much more. When I first received it I was and still am very pleased. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone who wants a SmartPhone.

this phone got all what ineed for my business  i can recomend this  to a lot business owners because is good

good phone for the money, easy to use, battery life is good . all in all really good phone for any one.

works good

Seems like the cellphone is ok but can't really say because TracFone support is so crappy and inept that my phone # still has not transferred since last week when I started the process....so no usable phone as yet.

Plus:  The slide out keyboard is nicely sized, the keys depress easily while giving that little bit of tension then &#34;thunk&#34; feel that let's your finger tip know the key is pressed.  The large screen is very handy for those who prefer a touch screen to move through the menu system.  It is also helpful for larger fonts if your ability to see small fonts is not what it used to be.  The virtual number keypad provides large enough touch keys to make it a very good substitute for a physical number keypad on the front of the phone that would cause the screen to be smaller. Since there is no physical number pad on the front of the phone, it functions better for larger fingers than a half phone sized touch screen that has to make room for a physical keyboard..  For the price of the phone, the screen looks excellent, and the camera works very well.  Texting and calendar work well.  The calendar has some good features for scheduling events that don't occur every week. If you want to take advantage of pay as you go phones, and not go to the expense of a smart phone, this is an excellent choice.Minus:  if you are not accustomed to a touch screen, it may take some getting used to, since it is a small screen.  And it is easy to unwittingly touch the screen if you are fumbling with multiple items at once, but that is true for any small screen of similar size or smaller, so it is a good idea to use the automatic screen lock that helps prevent this.

So far it has worked fine.  I gave it to my granddaughter.  She can use it to call Bogota, Columbia for the rate as calling here in the US.

honest and experienced vendor  used many times over the last  two-three years always comes throught with merchandise as advertised. highly recommended

The phone serves our purpose well with a lot of features.  Only problem was getting Tracfone to set it up.  Took one wk and numerous phone calls.

I bought this as a replacement for my LG 840g (which I lost) because it runs on Verizon network. The call quality is poor and the touch screen will drive you crazy. I talks to you, if you like that. It does a few neat things but over all I can not recommend this. The LG 840g is more user friendly (runs on AT&T towers).

Overall I really like this phone so I've given it four stars.  But there aren't a lot of options for configuring various features like the camera and messaging.  I can live with those but the one thing I really don't like about it is a limited number of characters allowed in a text message (which is not noted anywhere in the documentation or here on Amazon).  After 160 it won't allow you to write more.  160 isn't very many.  All my other phones have allowed me to write as much as I want, and the note is then sent as a series of messages if it's too long for one.  So I'm feeling very constrained having to limit what I write to 160 characters.  I have not found a way to change that configuration.The other thing that doesn't really affect the usability too much but would be nice to have is 3G or 4G capability.  I wasn't able to find information anywhere as to whether the phone has 3G or 4G.  Finally wound up having a live chat with their support team who confirmed it does not have either.I don't find the manual terribly helpful either.

After 6 years of service I finally retired my old Motorola flip-phone. This is a really nice full featured phone and with the Tracfone triple minute feature it was a no brainer(especially @ the low refurbished price=they both look brand new to me). I purchased 1 for myself and a 2nd one for my wife. Both phones arrived quickly and were easy to set-up. They are simple to operate and calls sound very clear. We were able to transfer our existing phone #s and all of our minutes. I don't care about going on the internet with it--I have a tablet for that. If you are looking for a high quality and full featured phone at a super low price look no further. Also--READ THE MANUAL--and you will have no problem setting up the phone the exact way you want it.

It took me 12 attempts and 3 calls to TracFone to get this phone to send or receive calls. The touchscreen does not respond to my touch well, so I use the slide out keypad. The slider keys are rather small, but when you hit the key, it accepts the right character. I installed a micro SD card preloaded with music, but this phone won't play the music. Every time I try, the phone resets and plays nothing. My previous cell phones had no problem finding and playing the music.I was able to get the phone to find my email, but the messages displayed letters stacked on the right side of the screen. Pretty hard to read the word telephone when it's split over 6 lines. What a POS!Day 3. This phone continues to defy me. The touch screen either does not respond or responds slowly. So when I touch the screen and nothing hapens I touch again but then find it did accept my first "keytroke" and adds the keystoke again.It would be better if the phone did not work at all. At least that way I would not waste any more time on the thing.

This is my first cell phone. I ported my land line number to it, then ported it again to google voice so i could get a free land line with my old home phone number, then got Tracfone to give me another cell number.  This Tracfone phone is a very inexpensive alternative for someone like me who doesn't make that many phone calls. It worked well on a recent trip, keeping in touch via voice and text messages with friends in other cars.

ordered this phone because of price and was not disappointed--works great does as it says--activation was easy --took about 5 minutes online--wish they made android powered though@ loving the triple minutes also@ oh yeah the reception works great @

I wanted a slide out key board and this one has it, but the buttons are really small and I have small hands.

I bought this phone for my daughter to use. The best thing about it is that when you add minutes to this phone it automatically triples your minutes. Great buy.

for a tracfone this is the best I had so far.I only use it for emergency and family calls.But 2 others I had before gave very poor service But this one is so much superior.

This is a much nicer phone than the price would indicate. It is well built and has good sound quality. I like it much better than my starter Tracfone.

I'm not into texting much but I really like having the slide out keyboard. Soooo much easier to operate for my arthritic hands. Triple minutes is the frosting on the cake. A very good buy!

I got this phone for a dear senior. I figured that I would play with it first to get a feel and see how it worked in-case I was asked questions about it later. Unfortunately the phone is small and kind of clumsy. I don't have any problems with my hands but I still found myself struggling to operate the phone correctly. The buttons on the side of the phone are easily activated by accident, the front touch-screen unlocks way to easily (has butt-dial potential). I also don't like that you can't disable feature you don't want (like web, which charges you if you accidentally hit the button or not). I don't recommend if you think that the phone owner would be intrigued by browsing the web and/or burning up minutes. The occasional accidental access isn't that costly (about .5 min per incident). Notes: Phone didn't come with SD card and didn't come with a cable to connect to computer. Does have a micro-B USB that you could purchase separate to complete that task. It's a great cheapy phone to get you by without a ton of investment, but don't expect much as far as performance is concerned.

The phone has worked out really well! I would have given 5 stars except the touchscreen requires a little harder tap to get it to respond than I would like, I don't much care for the setup of the contact list, and I had a bit of trouble activating. Other than that, great phone at an awesome price!

Very nice phone.What I love about this phone is getting three times the minutes. Good starter phone for someone who wants a good smart phone.

easy and convenient, good apps, I really like the slide out qwerty key board, the calendar and notebook functions are handy

I used my LG 500 tracfone for almost 2 and a half years, but the PWR/END button gave out.  Thought I'd try the LG 505, get a slightly bigger screen and a full keyboard.  I love it so far . . . charged up, looks great and activated.  Simpler to operate than my LG 500, too.April 18, 2014 . . . still luv the new phone.  Battery life is less than my LG500, but otherwise a solid product.  No issues with the phone.

This prepaid phone has lots of features and works nicely. We were really happy with the triple minutes feature, which worked immediately. Highly recommended.

This cell phone is easy to use for talking and texting. To have to unlock it is a bit of a pain, but I understand why the feature is there.  It is a CDMA phone (doesn't have a SIMM card), exactly what I need.

This phone had the features that my son wanted...touch screen and full keypad. I like the size and weight of the phone. There was a 200 minute card included. The only problem we had was dealing with the Tracfone employees. It took 3 days, several calls and being on hold for over 2 hours to get his phone number and minutes transferred from his old phone to this one. Basically, the phone is great, but customer service from the provider is dismal.

I called t-mobile and asked if they can lower my rate since they dropped the contract requirement when you first sign up. They say no way because you are an existing customer and they will treat you right only if you are NOT their customer. Nice. Then I looked at my monthly usage and found that compared to Tracfone with triple minutes I am getting ripped off by t-mobie every month. So I got this one and am very happy with it. Low expense and you are truly in control. C ya t-mobie!

This refurbished phone works great for me, with a touch screen and QWERTY keypad for texting.  It came packaged like new, with battery, phone back, charger and phone all separately wrapped in the box and the serial number and brochure on how to activate.

I had a LG800G that had terrible reception, couldn't get any bars even in WalMart. This phone still has dead spots in my rural area like the other phone, but more coverage then the other phone. Sound is crisp, easy to use and setup. I called tracphone, got a real person who helped me setup. In fact, she was very good, took time with me, and everything went easier then I imagined. My other phones were set up in the store, but they are only selling the G models anymore, and I know from experience Verizon covers way more area the G here and when traveling out west when I use it. In fact I am amazed where Verizon reaches in the most remote areas ( except a blank spot in my rural town and the other end of my farm unfortunately, but neither do other like AT&T;  either.)Pros:easy to set up, way best deal price wise for a cellphone service. And the Amazon phone came packaged in a new enclosed retail package at a great price. This phone is harder to get as retail dealers go to G phones.Cons:If you have ever had a real iPhone, or iPod, or iPad, you know what touch  and ease really means. This is really great for the price for a kinda' smartphone with a lot of great features that do work, and should not be compared to a $500 product. At twenty some $$ you have a incredible bargain. Thanks Amazon and Tracphone, now I have money for the iPod and iPad for the savings.

For the cost this phone packs a very comprehensive list of features.  I could have not designed a better phone myself.

This came on time it worked well the price was good kid loves his phone. He seems to have reception everywhere and on like a contract phone there is never any over charges. I may switch when my Verizon contract is up. probably save my shelf 1200 a year.

I did not want the cost of a smart phone, so I opted for this instead.  I love the triple minutes feature, and the bluetooth works great too.  It gives me the functionality of the touch screen without the cost!

I really like this phone, very user friendly. Had no problem making my contact list, nice phone for the money

Arrived quickly!  Having some trouble getting contacts to scroll and stop to choose the right one without a name being chosen. I got the contacts entered rather quickly.  Some awkwardness in opening to key pad when making a call and extensions are needed.  Overall I like it so far - great reception, good quality, and love the triple minutes!

It came in its original packaging.When I activated the phone it came with 20 starter minutes instead of 10.I have had this phone for a year now and I still like it. It's not a smart phone but I don't need nor do I care to have one. I am 15 by the way. It is a great phone for a good price.

Unlike most of the other 1-star reviews, I can't complain about activation or Tracfone customer service. I had reception issues.I was having turn-on problems with an old GSM Tracfone (LG 800G) and thought I'd prefer a real keyboard so I looked at this.The many reviews praising its signal strength using Verizon's CDMA system sold me on it since I had some problems indoors with my old phone.Indoors where I work I was frustrated with my old 800G in that I couldn't make or receive calls, though text messages and "missed call" alerts would punch through. I didn't realize how "good" I had it!The LG 505c turned out to be worthless indoors. Now I had no service at all in the "cave" where I work -- I had to go outside to see if I'd missed any texts or calls. And of course when it had no service it was burning a lot of power trying to connect, so the battery life was awful (LG505c around 2 days with very little activity compared to 5 for my old 800G).Even outdoors in a local park where my old phone consistently had 2 bars; this 505c had zero or sometimes one.The 800G would still show signal strength even though it was no longer activated, so I drove around a bit to compare. I found that the GSM phone consistently showed a stronger signal, with few area exceptions.So I dumped the 505c and went back to GSM by getting an LG 840G. That one has been much better (even if no slider kbd).

HUGE waste of money!!!!!! I bought 2 for my kids it came with a whopping 10 min now after spending around $75 for 2 phones you'd think they could at least give 39 minutes NOPE!! And if you don't add minutes in a certain number f days you have to pay not just for minutes but for &#34;service&#34; this was the biggest waste of money I have ever spent!! Not to mention the minute cards don't start with anything under $20 ... If your gonna get a prepaid phone do yourself a favor and pass in these get one that sells a variety of minute cards for those tough days when money is tight!! Oh and the phones themselves have no order the screens are way to sensitive... Junk!

I had previously used a very simple Tracfone so this one has a lot more features and I am still learning how to use it. Good value for what I paid for it. No complaints as I'm not willing to pay for a smartphone and its monthly fees.

I got this to replace my wife's straight talk phone, but it won't transfer.  The minutes are ridiculously priced, but the phone works as advertized and shipping was fast....

This isn't a "smart phone", and the price is reflective of that. It works just fine as a phone and for texting my wife & daughter. I was able to transfer my contacts from old cell with Bluetooth. It functions as a lo-res camera and communications device quite aptly. Coupled with a $30/mo plan from Straightalk, I find it a bargain.*edit* 11-21-2012: My phone is apparently only going to work with Staight Talk, and not Trackphone (some programming difference), so there is a difference with what I have. But, that being said, whether you buy the Straight Talk version or this version specifically for TrakFone, it's a good basic phone.

Bought this phone for my daughter for her 15th birthday to replace a similar Samsung Net10 GSM phone, the 404G.PROs:1) It's a CDMA phone, so it works on Verizon's (not ATT's) network2) Triple minutes for life makes the phone quite economical; to get the cheapest minutes buy a block of 450 for $80 and take advantage of whatever promo code Tracfone offers.  I just bought 450 with a 70 minute bonus for $80 plus $8 tax and got 450 x 3 + 70 = 1420 minutes for a cost/minute of 6.2 cents.  Since texting costs 1/3 of a minute the price of sending or receiving a text is just over 2 cents.  Experience indicates my daughter can go over 3 months on 1420 minutes, so the monthly cost is less than $30.3) Has a true QWERTY keyboardCONs:1) Touch screen is hinky -- the one time I used it I found it virtually impossible to scroll2) Not a 3G phone; not even sure if it's 2.53) Keyboard is cramped compared to that of the Samsung 404G, but it doesn't seem to stop my daughter from using it4) The phone feels quite solid and not at all junky, but given the other cons I don't think it's worth 90 bucks -- especially since for that money you can get a low-end touch screen Android phone from Virgin Mobile (though, admittedly, by doing so you're giving up Verizon for VM's parent, Sprint -- NOT a good swap)

I love this phone!  When I ordered it, I did not realize it was a slider!  I used to have a similar phone by Verizon.  The keyboard isthe best feature.  If I had one complaint about it, it's the fact that it does not have a video feature.  But so far I'm happy with the photos it does take.  I'm so glad I bought mine through Amazon.  Price was fantastic; in the store is almost triple the cost.  One more thing--if you do plan on buying a Tracfone--in a store or on Amazon--go to the phone website and make sure the phone you want can be used in your area.  I found out the hard way that their phones don't work in all areas.

Not only was I pleased with the transfer of my number, minutes left on my old phone, bu this LG 505C has probably the best reception for CDMA areas I have ever had. And voices are crisp and clear. Thats a plus. I would recommend this phone to anyone!

THE NEW ICONS MAKE THE G505C WORTH THE PURCHASE.  WISH THE SLIDEOUT KEYBOARD WOULD HAVE BEEN LARGER.. OVERALL ITS A BIG IMPROVEMENT OVER WHAT I HAD.

Phone works great, but DO NOT use the tracfone update. It will completely freeze the phone up. You'll have to call tracfone (from another phone) to reset the phone at which you'll have to enter a lockscreen code. This code is NOT the factory set code. It will be the last four digits of your number. The phone works great, but don't make the same mistake as I did. Customer service was very helpful to remedy the problem, but at the cost of losing my number that I've had for nearly a decade. It was a headache, but I'm still happy with the phone, with the service, with tracfone as a company. It's the only problem I've ever had with the company.

I've had the phone for a week or so now.  It's a bit bulky but I really like the keyboard.  It functions well and has a lot of nice features.  I would recommend it folks who don't necessarily want to browse the web, etc. with it.

Once I successfully activated with Tracfone (took almost a week to get ALL parts of my account transferred correctly from the old phone), I found that coverage is MUCH better in my area with this CDMA phone that it was is with the GSM based ones I have. Only problem - battery life is not as good as my other phones. Only lasts 2-3 days without charging - my other phone that's over a year old now lasts nearly a week. This IS NOT a Smartphone, so anyone looking for capabilities like regular apps or anything besides rudimentary internet access needs to look elsewhere.

The only thing I don't like it the touch screen is way to sensitive. A screen protector helps.Do you want to BLOCK unwanted calls? This phone can't, BUT there is a way. First go to a very quiet area and start a recording with the phone for about 10 seconds, and save the recording as mp3. Then when you get a unwanted call assign the silent recording to that number, and you will never hear it ring and know its a spammer or someone you don't want to talk to. Bluetooth makes it easy to transfer your contacts, it also has caller ID, call forward, speaker phone, and call waiting.Anyway this phone uses verizon in my area and it very clear. Tmobil & AT&T; coverage isn't good here. I didn't get this phone for games and such so I don't know much about that.

I love this phone! Easy to use.  Nice feel to it.  I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a new phone.

This is a good choice for a prepaid phone if you text a lot and don't really need many features. I tried to trick it out by adding a memory card and pushing music over, but it's not possible to set a particular order for the music, which is a problem; it alphabetizes them by default. A memory card must be purchased to push music over---the on-board memory can't be used. Hooking up the phone alone to a computer does nothing; the computer won't recognize it. I also attempted to use the calendar function, so the phone would remind me of events, but the interface is super clunky, and it takes at least 2 clicks to find out what calendar event is pending. It's not at all intuitive or helpful. I had hoped to use the phone to replace the functionality of my increasingly troublesome old iPod touch, but that's not proving possible. It's a phone that is good at being a phone. I do like the ability to save a few contacts to a &#34;most contacted&#34; screen; to snap photos and attach them to a contact; and to send photo texts. I also like the tactile feedback: touching the screen causes it to buzz slightly, so it's clear contact has been made.

No &#34;CONTACT&#34; icon on the screen.Instead of &#34;Contact&#34; icon they have &#34;Prepaid&#34; icon. This is due to the fact that phone is programmed for prepaid services rather then normal carrier.Phone will work with Verizon or Page Plus and tracfone but i wish it was programmed with &#34;Contacts&#34; icon on the screen.

"Item ordered actually arrived 1 day ahead schedule, on Apr.17th. Very Happy experience with my order: At really great discounted price. And item arrived as seller("ShopCellDeals") noted: Sealed shipping bubble package and as New - Sealed in original retail package including accessories (battery, charger & service guide). And so far am very glad with this ordered cell phone and its features!"

this is the best cell phone I have ever owed, for 20 bucks how can you go wrong with a touch screen full keyboard phone , I love it.

i picked up this phone here. one thing i would advise to new users of tracfone is that it is MUCH easier to activate your phone via the tracfone website as opposed to trying to activate over the phone. if you need to activate over the phone use a friends phone to call tracfone, as what you will be required to do is enter a large amount of numbers(80+?) into the LG 505C through the code entry mode(tap the prepaid icon(coins) to get to this menu).this is not a smart phone, but one can access ones email, headlines, etc. though it is not as quick as some others, i am sure.the phone itself is great. being a cdma technology phone (as opposed to a gsm based) gives it a large reception range utilising verizons network(their new tech system being implemented currently nationwide), and triple minutes for life minutes is good as long as you are. also attractive is being an affordable, attractive, alternative to being committed to a two year plan, which seemingly has no ending, with upgrades to moderately better phones.

With the LG 505C, TracFone is finally getting closer to an actual smartphone. This is a big improvement over my previous TracFones. Still, it's only Java powered rather than Android or Windows Phone so apps run very slowly on it. Another wish I'd have for it is to be able to use WiFi to surf the Net when I'm near a hotspot. Alas, no such luck. You have to use your minutes. All-in-all, this is a good phone for its intended use of making and receiving phone calls and light Internet usage. It's no iPhone but then again, it's nowhere near the iPhone price, either!

Wish i had a Smart Phone, but after I retired my phone stopped ringing and family and friends call me on my land line since I spend more time at home and no longer travel for work.  Uses the Verizon network, a necessity where I live and spend time at the lake in Southwestern Virginia...

Bought this phone for my son. I couldn't find any phones with full texting keyboards in the stores that were &#34;minute phones'. I'm so glad we found this one. My friend liked it so much that she had me order one for her on the spot!

good phone and at a great price. The icons are a little small (and I do not have large hands!) But I am getting used to it. I did not think through all of the ins and outs of a trac phone..so just make sure you understand how it all works before making the switch!

Tracfone transferred phone number, minutes (1170) and service days (267) to the new phone without any hesitation.  There were lots of long codes to key into the new phone and (as usual) English was the second language for the customer service representative BUT  the CSR understood and spoke English very well. the CSR knew what we wanted and executed the change perfectly.  I'm so happy with both service and phone, I'm buying a second. First was for hubby, the new one is all mine.Love the large sized text used for the menus. So wonderful for those of us with &#34;mature vision&#34;.  So far everything we've wanted to  do has been reached by 2 selections (3 if we have to unlock the phone.).  Kudos to the MFG for providing a phone lock/unlock function.  Can't tell you how many minutes we &#34;spent&#34; because the phone dialed within purses, bags and pockets. Oh and the shots of the &#34;black hole of Calcutta&#34; are also incalculable.  The lock/unlock function makes both of these experiences issues past. Love the keyboard as well. It easily slides open for use.  Keys are small, but still large enough for easy use by masculine fingers..Great phone. Great experience.  Thanks to Amazon, Tracfone and LG

I bought this phone just after Christmas this year.  I have no problem with the phone, but if you are buying the phone for the triple minutes, beware.  When I added minutes to my phone and did not get my triple minutes, I was informed by Tracphone that Amazon was an authorised seller of Tracfone and I was not entilted to the triple minutes.  I had even called Tracfone to see if it was ok to buy from someone other than them and was told it was OK.  I have notified Amazon of what I was told about the minutes, but as of today, I have never heard from them.

I would recommend this phone to other people since I learned how to use it.I ordered a case for it just for extra protection.It looks great on this phone.

Works everywhere. Clear sound and no problems texting. Perfect for rural areas with older towers and you can't beat triple minutes.

I have given this phone 5 stars; not because it's a great phone but it does the job I bought it for.  I have Nexus 5 phones and one Samsung Galaxy light with T-mobile.  We have unlimited everything.  Where we live the coverage is great, and great in most parts of the area we travel.  However, there are a few places where there is no coverage as yet.  That is changing rapidly but until then, I just wanted to have a couple of backup phones to use in those places in case we get stranded.These phones are very small, have a keyboard and offer triple minutes.  The reception is great using Verizon towers.  I added some minutes for about 40 dollars that almost covers me for the rest of the year with over 400 minutes and goes till the end of November.  So, including the cost of the phone, have coverage for most of the rest of the year for about 65 dollars.  Plus I can add minutes or time whenever I want.I set up everything online with Trac  and it worked perfectly with these phones.  Plus, it uses the universal micro USB chargers which I have for my smartphones, so that is cool as well.It's just a little phone you can shove in your pocket or drop in your purse, that's small and out of the way.So, if you need a back up phone for those out of the way places, or if you just use a phone for calls on a limited basis, this is the way to go.

I bought this phone from TraFone last week, I spent 2 days and numerous customer reps getting it activated, I kept getting a message on the screen "Maintenance Required", no one seemed to know what the problem was, finally got it activated to where it showed it had service and showed my airtime but I couldn't make or receive a call on it, it still displayed the maintenance required message. After getting totally pissed  they sent me another phone, I got it yesterday, sent the old one back and this phone is doing the exact same thing. Another day wasted on the phone with numerous technical support members and still no working phone. I told them I had enough of this crap and their junk phone, I want a refund! They got all info, said they did some additional programming and told me to wait 24-48 hours and try to make a call then. If it doesn't work they will refund my money. What a P.O.S.!!! This is the worst phone and company I have ever dealt with!!!!

Here is a phone that is perfect for those who want something that gets the job done. Good features for a basic phone, I would recommend it to a friend.

Triple minutes and CDMA service, good price and I'm a happy customer.  Wish that Tracfone would update their software to a little more but all in all happy with the phone and service.

I picked up this phone because it runs on the Verizon network, that has much better coverage than the ATT and Sprint network phones in my area.  Battery life could be better, but on the whole this phone does exactly what I need a Tracfone to do.  It makes calls and texts.  The touch screen is responsive, but it is a resistive screen not a capacitive screen, so no multi-touch or anything fancy like that.  The keyboard is tiny, but much better than than typing on the touch screen.  It has a nice loud speaker and the call quality is good.  I have not tried to use the music player, but it does have a micro SD slot for expansion memory.  As a side note I wish that Trac had more Verizon network phones.

the texting function is really hard to use- buttons don't push down easily.  the touch feature is sticky and hard to use.  but it's reliable and very little pocket dialing.  i would probably go back to a non-touch phone or a smartphone after this one dies.  It also occasionally has problems with the sound.  but it's survived falls and gets me by for what I need it for.  battery life is decent on it.  You can't beat triple minutes.  I don't like spending money on a phone and this was a good value for what I needed without paying an arm and a leg.  Not fantastic by any means but doesn't make me want to throw in the water either.

Touch screen isn't as responsive as it should be even after recalibration.  Still learning, so the jury's out for awhile.

I like this phone so far. It is a lot better than my old flip phone. It's touch screen is pretty responsive and it's battery life is fairly good so far. I would recommend this to a friend!

Got this phone for my son. He loves it. He had an older trac phone that needed to be updated. The touch screen is easy to use. He has no complaints. Great phone with no contract and triple minutes.

I bought this to replace an older LG phone with Tracfone.  I needed a keyboard for texts, and I liked that this has a touch screen and a full keyboard, but after barely two weeks of use I put it in a drawer and bought a completely different phone.  On the upside, Tracfones are cheap enough that it's easy to switch around if you want, but here were the dealbreakers for me:1. Primary dealbreaker - sound quality.  It is just HORRIBLE, which was surprising because my previous phone was also an LG and I was happy with the sound quality on that one.  This one sounds like you're speaking in a tunnel, both on the receiving end and on my end.  I might forgive the other downsides, but the sound quality is just so bad I couldn't take it anymore.2. The phone is THICK.  My previous LG phone and my new Motorola both have full keyboards but are both quite thin, because this is a slider it is basically twice the thickness and feels like twice the weight.  It's just too bulky to be practical.3. The slider part feels "wobbly" to me, like it wouldn't take that much to have it fall off.  Not a good sign.4. The keyboard itself is neither easy to use nor intuitive.  The keys are not easy to depress, though they are a good size, it takes more ummph to push them than it should or even than my previous experience with qwerty keyboards has been.  The alt/function key use is not intuitive at all, so I spent a lot of time backing up re-doing to get what I needed.5. The lock feature is just MADDENING.  Even set at maximum lock timing, I've had the lock engage in mid-call, so if you're on anything that is an automated call ("press 1 for....") you have to stop, unlock the keypad, wait a second for it to unlock, THEN press 1, and heaven help if further down the line you have to press or input another number in the call!  All that mess all over again!Definitely would NOT recommend this phone.

I started with a $5 Tracfone, to test out the service, but the audio kept breaking up.  This phone has loud, clear audio; perfect with Tracfone.

Phone works great. Triple minutes are wonderful. I am on a monthly family plan and get 120 minutes instead of 40. Phone works everywhere I need it too. Nice size for a pocket. The keyboard is a little different and requires me to use both hands to text.
