
This phone is a must for teenagers.  My son loves the clarity and volume of the beats audio system. Perfect!!

It's a good cell phone and it have all that I would want. I dislike all the time that l wait for.

This is a great phone. Please be aware of that this is not a iPhone or a Samsung Galaxy.. But that doesnt mean that this is one is a crap.. this is well designed, extremely fast and the response time when swiping the screens are all great... I did not expect this build quality from a 170$ phone.. great values for the money... really pretty...

Great phone. Gave it as a gift and he likes it. I had a great shopping experience. Keep up the good work.

Excelent phone !! Very good photos, quick and good size !! And also very good price ! I recommend it for sure!

I basically use my phone to make calls and send messages and this phone is great for that purpose. Needed to get a smart phone but didnt want something too complicated or expensive so this was a good purchase.

love this phone you should consider to get it its wonderful great sound .I got it for Christmas het it htc one get it today

very good good

Great cell phone! Almost newI like it! Is very good cell phone! With android and touchscreen! Is very very awesome!

It took a month to get this phone delivered, it only worked for about 4 weeks and when i requested to return it the 3rd party vendor required it sent to israel on my dime... and again i only had the phone for a month and it quit. So good luck buying from this vendor and as far as the phone its junk also.  Also, Amazon has not been helpful either as apparently 3rd party vendors can screw you over any which way they want.  So much for amazon replacing walmart.

Received this phone like a day or two earlier than the expected delivery date. Nice packaging for a used phone i have to admit. Works like a charm and i haven't had any problems with it since then. I love my HTC ONE V!!!GREAT QUALITY AT SUCH A CHEAP PRICE..THIS SELLER IS SUPER RECOMMENDABLE TO ANYONE IN NEED OF A GREAT QUALITY PHONE AT HALF IT'S ORIGINAL PRICE!!!!

Amazing low-end smartphone, great build quality construction.HTC create a little diamond.It's a beautiful successor for me old nexus one.

Thiis phone is one of the best phones i've had but the thing is that u have to drain the battery then charge it for four hours and thats how i messed the first one up... but now i got another one. This is the phone u want to buy if u dont wanna pay 100 bucks a month for. trust me use it with virgin mobile.

The phone is very cute, and respond very quickly to the applications. The battery life is great and whereas it is a cell of gamma Middle pretty good.The only detail that I see is that it is heavy for its size, and it has battery integrated with team worries me I having to dispose of the product as soon begins to misfire.

Great upper-mid-range phone, works well for now and well-worth the money. Very compact too for those who care a lot about phone size .... Only issue is the occasional lagging of the HTC Sense interface because of the relatively sluggish processor.

I bought it one year ago.It seems from South Asia, since the language it has installed are Vietnamese language, Thai language, etc. Now it does not work so well as before. An app starts slow, but...still runs well. But entering messages, phone and contacts interface would be very very slow.I bought a new phone right now. I would not suggest buy a phone from unknown agent

i just got the phone and i dont know what provider , carries this phone. i really need to know

Bought this phone for the girlfriend, and its the first HTC that she has owned, and slowly but surely she is coming around to appreciate this phone. Personally, I am an HTC fan, the screen is a bit small for me, but she wanted the small screen, so I cant complain about that. Nice compact quality product.

internet connection  is only on edge network slooooooow!!!!edge network is 2g tmobile at usa ,this phone is for canadian market only

very good, excellent

This phone is everything that was expected. Unlocked so it works on Tmobile. I was pleasantly surprised that even though I managed to get water damage on this thing on the first day I had it, it recovered and now looks and works completely fine.

I really disliked this phone.. It was tiny and extremely slow.. It's suitable for a kid in my honest opinion

Excelente producto en Colombia con comcel funciona perfecto. Lo recomiendo.......  ..........  ....  .....  ....  ......  ....  ......  ......  .....  .....  ......

It's too small! Perfect size if you're a child. And tho it's unlocked, not all data will work with it such as AT&T network.

Little bit disappointed with the camera and the sound cannot be turned up loud enough. I don't use the camera much, but I will pay closer attention to those issues when purchasing my next phone.

signal strength weak inside buildings. both speakers sounds low when you outside in public. But I love the size not too big.

Yes everything you hear about this Phone is true and getting ICs 4.0 is great but the Battery is not customer replaceable so whats wrong? When you need a new battery you need to send back to HTC and they will do a Non warranty replacement for I was told $120 Without battery cost!!!!! Now thats the stupidest thing I ever heard in my life!if you have extended warranty your fine then but cmon!!!!!!!!!!

Thanks, the phone is excellent, and I hurt my fault for not asking earlier if this came in Spanish and has the Spanish language ..

Upon receipt I realized that this phone which was listed as &#34;unlocked&#34; was not unlocked.  It was smaller than I expected but has good picture quality.  Battery life is very poor. Despite these setbacks I like this phone. It gets the job done.

I love this little guy. Yeah it's not the fastest or the latest and greatest but it does perform really well. I use straight talk w it and sometimes att works great. I LOVE the design just beautiful for the price point. I like this phone much better than HTC one x. The battery life is fantastic lasting all day with moderate to heavy use. Call quality is clear and loud. It's running ICS right out of the box and I can make this phone into a hot spot. Love being able to expand my memory.Cons are few. If you buy unlock expect the European charger with an adapter. The phone is a little slow since it uses a single. No front facing camera but it does have a pretty good 5 mega pixel camera. Stock keyboard is terrible but any third party app you can fix that. Don't recommend live wall paper, slows down phone.Overall I'd buy again. I purchased the htc one x because I liked this phone so much only to sell because it was to big and battery below average. If your a causal smartphone user, want your phone unlocked, solid build quality and great ui buy this phone. She puts in a nice bang for the buck!

I dislike this phone, doesn't work with 3g only 2g..too slow because it has many apps that i don't use

I had assumed this phone would work for sprint since this came up for a search for sprint htc one phones. Boy, was I wrong! I had bought this for my hubby as a surprise and lo and behold it doesn't work. If you are going to advertise an unlocked phone, then specify what damn network it is for... This seller is not getting my business anymore!

I am very impressed with this phone - beautiful (although small-ish) display and build quality.  It's solid and feels like it's made out of a single piece of aluminum (which - I think it is!).  HTC Sense overlaid onto Android is a welcome and functional addition.  That said, be aware that at least on my sample, the little plastic cover on the bottom doesn't quite fit back on correctly after placing the SIM card in the phone.  Otherwise, it's truly a five-star phone.

glitched immedietely, horrible camera, audio jack sometimes doesnt work. Over all jus a waste of money.never again will a buy this phone

Bought it as a gift for my sister. She loves it. Everything was functioning well.

this is simply a horrible phone to purchase and it is overpriced as well. i do not recommend any one buying this phone , just save up a bit more and get a one or one x . this phone is slow and unresponsive and doenst record videos .

My friend was looking for a HTC phone in affordable price and with latest version of Android.This is a good option with sleek and stylish design and package is good.

This phone is a great product by HTC.By comparison it is compact. It's relatively smaller than most smartphones, which is the main reason I purchased it (I need to use the phone for business purposes and I didn't want to tote around a large phone that would be damaged easily or be expensive to replace). It is very well built. The housing is metal and it has withstood a few short drops on concrete floors without a scratch.There are limitations with this phone, however:1. Battery isn't easily replaced.2. The frequency bands this phone operates on are based on European bands and depending on your location you may not get 3G/4G speeds. Where I live my carrier broadcasts 3G/4G speeds on the 1900 MHz band; this phone only picks them up on the 2100MHz band. So I'm stuck with EDGE (2G) speeds in my area.3. Of the 9 sensors smartphones can be equipped with, this phone only has 4. You cannot use certain apps with this phone; like a digital compass app.4. Camera is of so-so quality. Photos taken indoors are often saturated with a yellow hue. Outdoor pictures are great.The pluses:1. Phone has a slot for a 32GB micro SIM; I no longer use my MP3 player because I can load all my music on the phone. 2100+ songs and I still have room left.2. GPS/Navigation works great and uses Google maps. Some carriers lock users into using proprietary navigation software. This one does not.3. It connects via WiFi; and will switch automatically between Wifi and cellular connection depending on what is available. So you can use Wifi only for data when you are at home, for example, and not use up your data quota imposed by your carrier.So if you are willing to compromise on some features this phone is worth it.UPDATE 4/29/14:Since this phone's release some android apps and their updates have increased greatly in size. I've begun to experience some major drawbacks when using some of these apps (specifically large apps like Google Maps, MyFitnessPal, and Facebook). There is little internal RAM left available when running these apps and the phone grinds to a halt. I've had issues with Google Maps crashing the phone when trying exit out of navigation mode. MyFitnessPal slows the phone down considerably as well and often results in a black screen when switching between screens. In addition, the screen will go black at varying times when trying to switch between apps when several are running at the same time. I don't blame the phone for this (so the 4 star rating remains), but I wanted to post a follow up since it has been about two years since I purchased the phone. As with all computing devices, newer is faster and in turn programs/apps become larger and more hungry for memory. This phone with its limited internal memory is beginning to have trouble keeping pace.

I have a HTC One Dual.Phone could not receive SMS from Day 1.So sent it back to HTC repair centre.They kept phone for a full day and returned it saying problem was fixed.Problem recurred.Now HTC says it is a software problem and is asking me to wait for 1.5 months for a fix.They refuse to take back the phone saying they dont take back phone for sotware issues.

It was great,  but only for the first couple of days,  now it takes up to one minute to load to go to my home screen,  it won't let me send a picture as a message and it takes forever to do pretty much everything!!!!!!

To weak for T Mobile. can get the programming that T Mobile requires. may have to purchase a different phone

Phone was brand new in the box, which is always a plus. It's got great features, very easy to use. Great camera, great sound. Integrates awesome with my Google stuff!

I  suppose some deals ARE too &#34;good to be true.&#34; The phone would not send video and the internet never worked, even when attempting to use my home WI-FI. I pretty much expected THAT to be so. But to say there is no SIM inserted when there is. It is my very first - and last - Amazon purchase.

ordering this phone was a bad idea!!!!!! the phone restarts by iteelf every minute!!! don't order this phone, what a rip off.

I have used this phone for about 10 months now, and so far it has been a hellish experience.It was good in the beginning. Good sound quality, good camera, fast, adequate web browsing, nice design.It is small, hence hard to text with, but I can live with that.About 3 months into using this phone I started to have problems. It would freeze on me completely, or shut itself down for no apparent reason and periodically restart itself (2, 3, 4, 5 times) until it was up and running properly.The processor is extremely slow. I am not a big video game or app person, but I do enjoy the occasional bout of Subway Surfers. The phone can hardly keep up with fast game apps such as that. Uploading pictures on facebook is altogether a whole different feat.This phone can barely hold a charge. I am a student and I have classes at all hours and need a reliable phone for emergency purposes. Either the phone is dying, or is frozen. I can't get it to do anything half the time.Another issue with the phone is that it prefers to be on WiFi. Even if there is a strong mobile network signal and a faint and weak WiFi signal, it will cling onto the WiFi signal and run apps super-slow. The simple solution is to turn off the WiFi, right? Well this phone takes a good 5 minutes once the WiFi is turned off to catch the mobile network signal. And once the phone restarts, the WiFi turns on automatically.Buying this phone was a bad decision that I hope no one else makes.Even as I type up this review, the phone is sitting beside me constantly re-starting itself.If you want a good reliable Andriod phone, I would suggest a Samsung. That's what I will buy next.This phone has put me off the HTC brand forever.

This is a solid phone when I wanted an upgrade to Ice Cream Sandwich (found out that my Motorola Atrix HD would forever be stuck in Gingerbread). Pretty basic, no HDMI out; no front facing camera; internet outside of Wifi a little slow; but I use my cell phone pretty sparingly. If you use your phone for everything, probably should look elsewhere... but I am happy with it for what I use it for.

I bought this phone to gift it to my dad in India. When presented as a gift, the battery would not charge. We took it to the HTC service center and was told it has a defective mother board. Tried returning this prone and here is what I got from the seller.Seller: The Smart Deals StoreSeller comments: You can ship it for repairI lost my $170 on this phone.  So I rate this product and seller zero. Stay away from both.

I bought this phone for my girlfriend that needed an unlocked smart phone to use internationally. She loves it. This was the perfect phone to get her started on a smart phone. If my current phone was broken right now, I'd replace it with this one.

Cons: I have had the phone for a few months now. The texts are slow to load, slow to delete and slow to type. Phone locks up once a day and I have to force restart it. I've had the screen turn on and wont shut off until I restart, sometimes during restart the phone wont turn back on. The Contacts list is even slow to load.Pros: Phone size and Camera was decent.Overall: I do not recommend anyone who wants a smart  phone who works properly and in which you don't have to wait 1-2 minutes for a text just to load. If you like to listen to music, check Facebook and than send a text....well get a different phone.

I thought this phone would be perfect for me to take when i go out of the country, into mexico to visit family. When i noticed that there is little memory for apps. On the positive side at least it's got 3G capabilites.I wouldn't really recomend to a friend.Good, but it's like a basic smartphone.

This phone suddenly lost all power and would not take a charge or power on.  I contacted HTC and mailed it to them on my dime.  They emailed me saying it was water damage and not under warranty.  This was BS, it was never dropped in, or exposed to water but they claimed there was a moisture indicator inside the phone that had been triggered and they would do nothing else for me.  No stars for bad quality and bad customer support.

i was very concerned about buying a phone, this phone works great, good volume for it, very comfortable with the look and feel of it.  i really like that it's not super big, i don't like the phones that are nearing small tablets lol so i was really happy with it, i actually got it for my wife for her bday and she is slowly turning into a phone zombie (someone on their phone for unhealthy amounts of time), it's cool tho because i'm still happy that she's enjoying my gift, also the video is pretty good on it and the pictures are good too =)

The size, the weight, the style, the softness of the screen, and so much more things that make this phone great. No more words, BUY IT! The only not cool thing is that it doesn't came in spanish.

I love it It has all the figures that i was ask but i can't find anything that i can put it in to protect it. I am want a cover for it.

I really wanted to love this phone! I was against getting an iPhone, but wanted an Android that was about the same size, which fellow smartphone shoppers know is getting stupidly more difficult.I finally bought an unlocked HTC One V about a year ago. I am not a heavy user, I have barely any games and just call/text/take pictures. I don't download apps if they are unnecessary. After nearly a year of use, I need to vent my frustrations:1. The camera is awful. Every picture is WAY too bright, the white balance is all over the place. This is one of the most frustrating things considering every photo you take has these awful spots of shine that can't be corrected away with wholesale filters via photo editing software. No, I don't use my phone for professional photography - but the few times that a photo comes out clear, the light is way too sharp. The light sensor is just way too sensitive, which is a shame because it means photos are taken very quickly.2. Everything relating to Contacts Storage results in text messaging taking literally 5 minutes to open, constantly flashing back to the main messages screen when I click on a thread, and just general frustration. Forget trying to send a picture message from your gallery, the contact's name will take forever to show up. This has to do with a HTC One V software bug (a friend with an HTC One has no issue), where Contacts Storage ends up taking 50mb instead of the normal 3mb of space. But even when I synced all my contacts to Google and cleared everything, it still gives me issues. I have to close out all the programs all the time and restart the damn thing every week or so so the phone can even deal with the minimal things I'm doing.3. The processor is just generally so effing slow. I don't know what the issue is. Things will freeze randomly every once in awhile, and this is especially idiotic considering I do not use an hardcore apps at all.In short, if you use your phone for social purposes at all (calling, texting, photos, games, apps, etc.), THIS TECHNOLOGY IS PATHETIC. I paid a lot of money for this thing and did not expect something that works like it was designed in 2001.The good things:1. It looks really nice. The little bend at the bottom is unique and practical for grip, but doesn't jut out enough to get in the way. The black aluminum body has a great feel and it's just heavy enough to be sturdy. The phone itself is slim.2. Interface is easy to learn and to customize.3. Aside from the contacts-related silliness mentioned above, it works with T-Mobile fine.That's it. I HATE THIS PHONE. Good job, Android, in creating a piece of technology that will drive even a staunch iPhone-hater to the iPhone.

This phone was less than expected. No front camera and it operated slow. The screen was too small and it was hard on my eyes to look at and navigate.

Ok so I have had this phone for a good 6 months. Trust me, its a very good phone. Mine is through cricket so I have the muve music with beats audio so its great! Fastish Internet, great camera if its not moving. But sadly, I dropped some of the phone into some water for a half second. And it sat in rice for 3 days. Everytime I tried to turn on it wouldn't! Lets just say that htc one v and water are worse then miley Cyrus and twerking!

I've had this phone for 10 months and for about half the time I loved it and the other half it's been a real problem.What I love most is the camera, it's very fast to focus, takes great pics outdoors and not too bad pics in good indoor light. I use it a LOT and it's the reason I want to keep this phone.Call quality has always been good. Web browsing has been adequate for what I need although a bigger screen would be nice. But screen quality and clarity is great.The downside is all the technical problems it now has. It's been in for repair twice and so far the issues are still there. The screen started to go nuts with 'phantom' finger touches, as if someone were jabbing at the screen at random moments, opening apps, closing screens, doing whatever. After two 'repairs' it now has the opposite issue, where the screen won't respond at all to any touch and I have to restart it often in the hopes it will reset enough to work for awhile before it goes catatonic again.What was really disappointing is that I got a temporary replacement One V when mine went in for repair the second time, and it did exactly the same thing, which leads me to believe that this model has some serious issues.I've been in touch with HTC and we've tried troubleshooting it. resetting HTC Sense, clearing data and running the phone in safe mode (couldn't get it to do that) and now they've escalated it and I'm hoping they are going to call me and refund my initial purchase because I just can't afford to wait longer - I've been without my phone for weeks in repair and now it's working with very limited functionality.In my opinion, it's not worth the time and hassle to keep flogging this dead horse. Which is a shame because I thought it was a great phone when it worked.

Love this phone! Transitioned to an iphone because of work, but gave the phone to my dad and he's really happy with it. I used it for over a year in Mozambique, a very hot and humid area, with sand everywhere, and it didn't do a thing to it (kept it in a jelly skin cover). Decent battery, very nice and easy way to replace SIM card and micro-SD. My only complaint would be that the camera is not the greatest, but it works well. Otherwise, great product!

never got this phone after ordering it for my wife so not  sure if its a good phone or a bad phone, it looks cool though

Its a great compact smartphone.  It has excellent audio quality, fits easily in my pocket, and the battery lasts quite long compared to those of other smartphones in the household.  It was purchased as an unlocked phone to be used while travelling in Europe with the intent of buying a local prepaid sim in any given location.  As it stands, the phone works great with wifi and has been used to communicate via Viber and Skype over free wifi, making the local sim unnecessary.  This is the V, not the X, so it does not have a forward-facing camera for those who like to video chat.  It also does not have as much built-in memory but this is solved easily and inexpensively with a micro SD card.  Not being much of a phone person, there was a glitch in connecting to data which was solved by a gracious T-Mobile store rep who pointed out that I had not designated the APN and fixed it for me.  The unit was purchased used and described as &#34;like new&#34;, which it was, down to the original box.  The vendor included a case, screen protectors, and headphones at no additional cost which was a pleasant surprise.  I had alread ordered a case separately at the same time as the phone so this was redundant but I am not going to look a gift horse in the mouth and I appreciate the vendor's thoughfulness.

So this phone is DAMN awesome. Feels so good in your hand, nice and sturdy but slim! Metalic feeling and not plasticy. Screen is super sharp and clear. PROBLEM! The battery is sealed so you cant remove/exchange it, AND if you use a SIM card, once you remove it the spring inside breaks so it will no longer read the card for the life of the phone. THAT was a HUGE bust.HOWEVER, if you dont plan on taking out your SIM once in, than this is great!Anothoer minus is that there is no front camera, in case you facetime or skype.

To begin with I did not buy this phone at Amazon. But after a couple of months I think my experience may help others.For the price, this phone works very well. It is a bit on the slow side but as I said before if you pay for a Volkswagen you can not expect a Rolls-Royce.The problem is the software. It is so lame that guarantees that HTC will never be a major player in this field.It is badly designed, the interface is awkward and now I can not even sync the phone as I'm having driver problems. Only by installing the HTC software.So, my advice is check the market for alternatives and DO NOT forget the software as all phones now connect to computers.

my niece loves her new phone she said it is working really good and she would recommend it for everyone

It did not have a SIM card slot and was planning to use it outside USA.... So any way I got to order a different one.

The product came with everything needed. I love the simple layout and personalization of this phone. The size is perfect for me, and not bulky as some of the newer phones.

I love the phone. It works really well, takes very good pictures. Movie quality is also very good. Easy to navigate.

very slow to respond, when you touch the screen. Also the sound settings are confusing. I keep trying to set both the ring and the text messages to vibrate, but they keep getting turned off. The interface is not very intuitive and it is harder to manipulate contacts than it should be. I do like the shape and feel of the phone

I would recommend this phone to anyone wanting a HTC. It's a year I've had it and it still work fantastic. I have no problems with it.

I don't know if it's the phone that I just switched from or what, but this phone comes with some fun apps and a quick OS. very happy.

US Residents, AT&T; users, specifically..... The specific phone I received had these problems below. However, the phone itself is a cool phone, it would've been awesome if it actually worked.3 stars because the phone is great, but the issues are...Items not disclosed in the description about this phone: This is a CANADIAN phone, no option for standard US measurements, no option for USA English and DOES NOT work on AT&T; or T-MOBILE. The US English wouldn't be a big deal, but you cannot use certain applications without US english, most notably Amazon Cloud Player. The seller I received the phone from is Cell Source.

Awesome phone. I wish that the processor was a dual core, but it is the best phone you can get for the price.

Excellent phone, amazing gadget, featured as mentioned, nice shape, Excellent phone, amazing gadget, featured as mentioned, nice shape, easy to use

This cell is great I just should have gotten the bigger one. The camera takes a beautiful picture. I think im going to get the bigger one.

this rating I give it because is a good equipment, it has all commands and android system... very confortable and slim, the camera is very fast... I am glad with it...

The phone eventually quit working by not picking up service. You could barely hear the people you were talking to on phone calls and the phone eventually just didn't call or text anymore. Although I had great service this phone did not work, and when I put my SIM card in another phone it worked perfectly fine so I knew it was the phone. I would never buy this again.

Got it a day early and was super happy with the product. The only thing was that the phone didn't come with a headset like promised but not to worried bout it. Over all great service and will do business again.

In general I am pretty satisfied with the phone.It is mechanically strong.It feels good in hand.Has very good audio.The included earphones are good quality/The battery time is  not very good.Other problems which i encounter are probably software related:- The machine response becomes slow and every few days I need to restart it.- The audio recorder does not record phone conversations. Most Play-store recorders record only one direction of the phone call.- Multi-touch does not work in many applicationsI hope for many improvements when Jellybaen becomes available for this device.Conclusion: It is a good deal for its price, especially if you want a "non everybody has", Samsung...

Beware. Do not buy this as it does not work for ATT data and wasted my money and should not been advertised to work at full capacity.

this cellphone was a gift and my nephew was very exciting ... the cel is very good, powerfull, excellent choise

I order for a Unlocked piece. But I was given a locked phone. :@I order for a Unlocked piece. But I was given a locked phone. :@

The phone is good. I purchased it for my 22 year old son and he has no complaints. The battery life is better than his previous phone and with our new plan he even gets to use the hotspot.

I had an iPhone4 that broke. The iPhone 5 wasn't coming out for another month so I decided to give the Android ecosystem a try and this is the phone I chose. What a mistake. In all fairness, the phone may have been faulty as almost 50% of my calls were dropping. That alone was enough to send it back. But here are a few details about my experience with this phone...Pros:Aluminum build quality.Size was similar to iPhone 4.Cons:Phone dropped almost 50% of all calls.Sprint (Virgin Mobile) download speed in Indianapolis was about 450K vs 20MB for AT&T; or Verizon. UNACCEPTABLE.No syncing software would work with my Mac. Even Google's for Android.The music app would not use the MicroSD card to read music - useless!App's could not be stored and used on the MicroSD card. Useless!Android had a newer version out and there was no way for me to upgrade the phone.I was reading an important email, clicked a menu and right under my thumb was the &#34;delete account&#34; button which pressed by accident and wiped out all my emails from that account! - Stupid place to put that option in the interface.As a Mac user, having my contacts, calendar, email, music, photos all sync perfectly for may years with my Mac made me take it for granted. Android will sync IF you get in bed with Google and put hours into figuring out the configurations. I'm pretty tech savvy and still couldn't get it all working over a few weeks time. I'm guessing Android was made to work with PC's because there is no way this would be competitive with Apple products for Mac users. If you're using iOS now and are Mac based, I would not recommend switching to Android.

on time, very good condition. it is working perfect. the charger that i recived is not th original one but it is okay

In general I am pretty satisfied with the phone.It is mechanically strong.It feels good in hand.Has very good audio.The included earphones are good quality/The battery time is not very good
