
Phone came from Mango wireless LOCKED !! Was to have come from US wireless UNLOCKED. !! AT&T refused to unlock and Samsung says copy rights will not allow them to tell me how to unlock. Now what ?? Do I have to go to a hacker ?????. Who's expense ????

I read so many reviews about this phone that reflect buyers who are probably never satisfied when they have to spend more than 1 cent.  For the money (I only had to pay $100), this phone delivers.  It's not flawless, and I agree with those who say the battery is not the greatest.  But unless you have to talk 24 hours a day, plug it in overnight and ignore those who are never satisfied with any purchase they make.  The i827 has many useful features very comparable (and often better) to more expensive phones.  However, don't buy a phone for $150, and then expect a 5 megapixel camera with flash, the latest version of android, and the highest resolution screen on the market--that's what the unsatisfied "complainers" always do.  If you want the best phone available, suck it up, and be ready to spend at least $500 dollars minimum.  But if you want a phone that's nice for the price, and exceeds all REASONABLE expectations, the i827 is a great choice.

This phone has a great price, and when its new (the first month) its the bast phone available at the price. The flip side is that this model has screen connection problems. i say this because i went through two of these phones, both having the same screen problem of it not working anymore/glitching out. If you want a cheap phone that really isnt all that bad for the price, this is it. Just remember sometimes price=quality.

it is a good size and not too complicated to use. Simple is better. Can I but another home charger and car charger for it? How do i do that? TThanks

I bought this for my son (and even one for myself). Hard to find a slider phone anymore, Great camera, and lots of fun apps and things that it features. I have read some complaints about battery life, but knowing what to keep on and what to shut off makes a major difference in battery life. If I lost mine, I'd buy another of this exact same phone! No complaints.

I like it very much. I use it everyday and it doesn't give me problems. It's fast and simply to use.

I apologize as this review isn't going to add much that the other reviewers haven't stated already.. basically this is the cheapest texting phone with an actual slide out qwerty keyboard (is that the right name? Keyboard that slides out of the phone type thing  :P )  we could find for AT&T's prepaid plan.. feeling rather nervous after reading all the negative reviews we purchased it anyways and so far so good, my wife has been using it for a few months right now with no worries.. she uses it primarily to text and says it's satisfactory though she doesn't like it as much as her two and a half times as expensive phone she had before but hey you get what you pay for ... she had a green pantech pursuit which got all sorts of positive reviews and raves when it came out but was forced to replace it ...  no dropped calls though she uses it only infrequently for phone calls.. can't comment at all about the other features since she doesn't use them !  :P  .. I am ordering another one of these phones for my daughter's use and will try to remember  to post back on this to let you know how an almost 12 year old munchkin going to middle/junior high school does with a phone :)  (yes yes some might argue she's too young for that.. this particular school made florida newspaper headlines for a substitute teacher getting punched in the stomach by a student and as soon as I heard that I rolled my eyes and thought to myself " Oh just GREAT ".. violence seems to be limited to boy-vs-boy from what I heard at this school which is reassuring given it's my daughter not my son at least .. the sad thing is .. and this will sound horribly elitist.. we live in a middle class neighborhood not an inner city (nothing against any inner city people reading this of course ! ) .. so in a situation like this worth the expense for her to be able to contact us whether via phone or , if necessary, silently via text ... ) ...

Keyboard skips letters and resends emails 10 times.  Device just randomly drops calls- not an issue with my carrier.  It seems defective but I missed to window to exchange/return as this was for my daughter and she didn't tell us right away that there was an issue with her phone.  DON'T waste your money on this one...

The phone constantly freezes, the battery always has to be charged, the phone kicks off on its own. Very, very disappointed!!!

I loved this phone at first but I only had it for not even a year and a half and i noticed that whenever I would use the keyboard that the intire screen would go black and then i would slide it back and hit the lock button and the screen would come back on but often it would turn blue, and red or just wouldn't come on so honestly if you want a phone to last more than a year I wouldn't reccomend it for you.

very nice phone it has all the features you would want and it was cheap price the anyone can afford

Ordered this for my son, he loves it. The sliding qwerty keyboard was the main selling point and is very useful.

As my first smart phone I am very happy with it. All funcions well and it looks brand new with no scratches.  Also had no problems putting in  SIM card from my phone company which is outside the US  which was a relief.

Update again:  I still like my appeal but I am carrying a second battery around with me, not good.  The appeal spawns processeslike rabbits and I have to shut them down in setup every time I turn the phone on to save my battery.  I think there is definitely a flaw in the OS or in the phone.  Not sure which, but I am tired of the extra battery.....just to be sure I have a charged cell phone.May have to go to another phone.  I do like what it has to offer...but not the battery issue.UPdate:  I bought a new battery for the Appeal.  It was not cheap around $20.  But it seems to have resolved all the problems with not charging etc.  You have to be careful if you buy a replacement battery.  They all say for the Appeal, but some of the samsung batteries are a little too large and do not fit in the case.  Especially the really cheap ones.  Anyway, I am back to loving my phone.  I also figured out how to save ringtones to the SD card using KIES the software on the Samsung phone.  If you create a ringtone folder on your sd card and then use KIES to put the files there, the phone will find them and you have the new tones.  Anyway, I am back to happy with my Appeal.I really like the features of this phone, but like some of the other reviewers, the battery didn't last. Here I am a month and 1/2 since I purchased it and the battery will not hold a charge.  Even when I charge it right before bed, when I wake up, it beeps that the batteryis dead..so I have to plug it in again.  I have ordered a new battery and we will see.  The screen is clear and sharp, the functions are really nice.  I just hope the new battery fixes the problem.One other thing.  Adding your own ringtones seems to be a problem.  I added them several times, and they stay until you shut your phone down and then they are gone.  There are plenty of ring tones that come with the phone.  But not how to keep the new tones.  I put it on the sd card.  I sent it via email I even used KIal, but no luck.  It works until you turn the phone off and then it is gone.

For that same price i got this phone, a blue tooth headset and a rubberized cover.  Score!  I just moved the SIM card from my old Go Phone to this one and hit the ground running.

I hardly used the phone and the battery starts getting low to the redline, what good is having the phone if that battery is dead, the features are ok, but i had to get a better phone

My phone was dying and outdated. I did NOT want to be pinned down with another 2 year contract.  Although it's Android 2.3, I can still take care of all my work with it.I am not a photographer or social butterfly. I need to log-on to check orders, get maps, maybe listen to some music or set timers for DVR @ home if I am working late.The battery does drain if you plan on using it for constant data usage.  There is no camera flash.  The touch screen can be picky.  That's it, other than being stuck with  Gingerbread on a "disposable" phone.I have read some reviews where the phone didn't shut down properly. I had that problem when I 1st got it... doesn't seem to be a problem (for me) anymore.My calls have been clear. 3G/Wi-Fi work fine.  Can watch video, read books, listen to music, & networking (Twitter, etc) if I want. Most important: big enough to see, small enough for my pocket!

I purchased this phone for business purposes. The price seemed to be good and specs as well. After spending 2 weeks with this phone, I have to admit that this is the worst phone I ever had. My biggest complain: battery life is terrible. It lasts about 3-4 hours on a single charge. If I text or call even less. That's very disappointing. You got to have charger with you everywhere you go.I will never recommend this phone to anyone. Stay away. I am very upset with this purchase.

The battery only lasted around 8hrs and I didn't even talk or send any text on it during that 8hrs.

this phone sucks big time why I'll tell you why I had this phone for 6 months in those 6 months I grew grey hairs cause of this phone always freezing is not responsive on the touch battery sucks for a weird reason when is not in use the battery goes low and im even using the phone big mistake me buying this phone plz dont buy this phone trust me you dont wanna grow grey hairs you will be so mad smh

This phone, i bought direct from ATT, and ive been pretty satisfied by it, it is usually pretty fast, gets good signal, the keyboard is find since i have smaller fingers and can work with the little buttons, but i tried to plug in some inline microphone headphones and it turns the speaker off, and i cant use them during a call,i dont know if its just my phone that does that, or if its all of them. other than that no complaints.

Battery issues....it drains very quickly. The seller is excellent... he was very patient with me ..since i got the phone, i charged the phone after charging completely and turned it on..it says &#34;battery extremely low charge now&#34; message. The seller sent me a new battery.... which helps  but still drains. Don't recommend it for someone who uses it all the time. I bought it for my tween for emergencies but with battery issues don't know if it be there for emergency use.

First I bought mine thru AT&T; because I was forced by AT&T; to replace my G2 Phone or I'd loose $220.00 of collected credits. They did give $20 off to anyone who was already an AT&T; Go Phone subscriber bringing the total cost to $129.99 + taxBut, here's the big BUT -- Don't buy your phone thru AT&T; because they have a $35.00 restocking charge irregardless of reason, even if you receive a defective phone. Buy thru Amazon, Costco, or anyone who has a fair replacement policy.Secondly:  This phone has a design flaw. Samsung technical admits it is very possible a batch could have problems. The problem with this Samsung Apppeal is the phone doesn't shut down even though it says "Shutting Down", so therefore the battery is being used while you sleep.  You can have your battery charged to 100% at 9:00 P.M. at night and by 9:00 A.M. in the morning the battery is almost dead with a 3% charge left on the phone.In the morning when you boot up the phone it gives a Warning Sign that the battery is critically exhausted.So this phone depletes the battery even while it is OFF and you are Asleep. Testing it further during day use, the battery also depletes faster than any other phone I ever owned.Other cons I found:  Finding a Flip Top case for this phone is next to impossible, and about 2 choices for a Pouch type. After a week of searching by size, we finally found one but had to stretch it to the hilt to make the phone fit.  Placing the case in the sun for a few hours helps in this process. Or if you have an old iRiver mp3 player it will stretch the case or pouch nicely to make the phone fit.The other aggravating thing are the lower buttons, (Home, Search, Return, etc) are not responsive to the 1sttouch. The same complaint I found on many sites which review phones.The phone is smaller (but fatter) than most so you will have smaller icons and print, but in all I don't use my phone for purposes other than making a phone call, so all the possibilities what this phone can do is a nice feature.  Well, I'm on my third phone because the battery situation is nuts. You'll have your phone longer on the charger than possible talk time which may be good to save on those minute usage charges.If I could do it over, I'd pick any of the other Go-Phones, I'd definitely stay away from this one, it's not worth the aggravation. This phone has only been out since July 15, 2012 while the other Go-Phones have been on the market for over a year with better reviews. What racket this phone could be, sell this phone and 3 returns at 35 bucks makes more money than selling just 1 Appeal.

I have had this phone for two weeks and the battery has already stopped holding a charge. I have about three hours of use time before it dies. This is the phone being connect to wifi and with no apps running. If you check an email or facebook the battery life has about an hour before turning off. I should have paid the extra money and just bought the newer version.

I have had this phone for 2 months, and it was nice when I got it. now it freezes up, drops calls, is slow to download webpages even on WiFi. I hate it. i have tried erasing apps, setting to factory, clearing data and nothing improves it's speed even for sending a text message. This phone is junk.

i was not satisfied it wasn't what I expected and it cuts off on its own and when I get messages they come in multiple times the same message and also when I send them I think the person who sold it knew it was messed up and I am not satisfied and I doubt I will buy from amazon ever again

this is my first smartphone, and I love it!  I know there have been lots of complaints about the battery life of the phone, I let it charge fully before doing anything with it and I have not had an issue at all with the battery.  I love the features, love the touchscreen and the slider keyboard.  My only complaint would be the keys on the keyboard are a little too flat.  But overall I would recommend this to anyone.  Great value.

The phone does what it says it will.  An Android that doesn't need a data plan.  Much cheaper than local stores.  I wanted it mainly so I could use the Onstar app to keep in touch with my new Chevy Sonic.  Works great.  I can check tire pressure, how much gas is in it, lock or unlock the car, and even start it all from my phone.  Awesome!  The down side is even when all apps are exited, bluetooth and wifi off, it still sucks down the battery in about 6 hours.  That is in standby mode overnight with no calls, no nothing, just sitting on the counter.  One website said it had 13 days on standby.  Not a chance.

I bought this phone because I text more than I talk on my phone. I like the keyboard that slides open then back in when you are done texting and being able to see the screen better. I would highly recommend this phone

Love the phone very easy to use. I do not like the battery life, but I did purchase a car charger to compensate.

The only reason for the four stars is because of the battery charge. Ordered this for my fiance and he really likes it except how long the battery lasts, other then that he loves in and it came in one piece and nothing wrong with it :D

It Keeps going in dump mode and shutting off for no reason.not to happy with it,I won't by another one.

This is the best phone ever,  texting just got easier, faster  and if you get ringtone apps you customize it just how you want it.  I wanted the sliding keyboard  because I find it harder and much slower to text with phones that dont have the sliding keyboard makes writing journals or whatever much much easier faster when you cant fit a giant notebook in your pocket.Battery life is great  reguardless of what others have been claiming.  I've been using it ALOT and it still hasn't died, at this rate I have no doubt the ones who claim battery sucks they obviously play games, call people every 5 seconds, text non stop  no 10 second breaks.  So yes doing all that WILL KILL your phone in a heart beat.  This thing will last you  whole car trip and it will be fine.  If you call alot or play games every second in your life then yeah it might die sooner but over all just buy a charger for the car and your good. It's cheaper than idiot priced phones that do about the same thing this works and its worth every penny.I love it ! I'm very happy with it.  Thank you sooo much!

I thought this phone was a great android phone for what i paid for it. The best thing about it was it`s backed by a great network and it has some great features to the phone. I chose Five stars based upon packaging, media provided and overall quality of the phone. I could give you a list of the pros versus the cons of the phone. I will definetely recommend this to anyone that wants a great android phone for a fraction of the price that you would pay anywhere else.

But u need to buy memory card, it has a small memory whereby u cannot down load music Its a nice phone

This phone has poor battery life, make 2 phone calls and it's dead. Worked from August to November and died!!!!!Amazon customer service has been more than helpful with this problem, that's why I buy from Amazon!!!!

these is a excellent business man and a great people, if give other information went my mistake, I am sorry

Could never get it to connect properly to the 3G system and it would not let me just make phone calls or text. So back it went and I got the Samsung Impression.

I letters and numbers are too small.  I am ready to upgrade to a smart phone without the slide screen

I received this phone as a gift from a friend.  Thinking hey its a Samsung its has to be good. HAHA Its a nice phone if looks count but they dont.  what does is the performance.  This phone is very slow and it tends to freeze up. I have tried to speed it up by removing all the apps that i use on a daily basis and no it doesn't matter. I am sick of having to wait a minimum of a minute for the dial pad to finally decide to pop up. then the phone freezes for 2 to 3 minutes.  Cannot have that when you have to make important calls. When it freezes it could take upwards to 5 minutes to be ready again.When on a phone call it decides to hang up on the person and then call back on its own.  Thanks Samsung for putting out Crap with this phone.If i was you I would move on to a different phone.  Personally I bought a Pantech Burst and love it

I purchased this phone elsewhere to be certain it was brand new and not a refurb.  It has been problematic so far and will probably be returned, especially now that I realize how much the negative reviews of this phone mirror my own experience after one week of use.I really wanted a phone with a sliding keyboard.  My last smartphone had a very solid keyboard with proper buttons.  This is more like a thin layer of plastic.  It's not much better than an on-screen keyboard in terms of being able to type accurately and quickly.All of the reviewers writing in about the bad battery life are nowhere near exaggerating.  I charged this phone this morning.  I used the phone to download an app and deposit a check.  Five hours later, the fully charged battery is under 30%.  I have all data syncing, email syncing etc turned off.  GPS is off.  The phone was in the same spot all day with the exception of a 20 minute drive to a store a few miles away, so it didn't need to search for satellites.The battery usage app tells me that 46% of the battery was used by the display (how? It was off all day?) and 26% was used by cell standby.I am also having problems receiving images in text messages.  Sometimes I can view the images, sometimes I can't.  I can download images, but when I try to open them, it plays a blank 5 second video clip instead.  If I browse to the saved location, it shows me the file name and a file size, but an error thumbnail instead of the image.This phone was made for people who have vision problems.  When I check my email in landscape mode, I can see TWO subject lines, in portrait mode, only five.  The font is huge and there's no way to change it.  It's kind of ridiculous.This phone also came with a ridiculous number of useless apps you can't uninstall.  I thought my last phone was bad, but it was nothing compared to the number of apps I can't get rid of on this phone (over a dozen, half of which auto run, which couldn't help the battery life).

I bought my first Samsung Galaxy Appeal in mid November 2012, and had to return it within a few days. The screen kept freezing up, and when I touched the screen to open an app, a completely different app would open, so the first one went back. Received the 2nd Appeal in Early December, it worked good up until early June. Then call quality started to deteriorate. As time progressed into July, to a couple of days ago, there was more static, and calls would break up more regularly.Just out of curiosity, I put the AT&T; prepaid Sim card from my Galaxy Appeal into a T Mobile phone that I had, and the T Mobile phone was unlocked at the time I did this, and the call quality was fine, no issues, so the service from AT&T; was not the problem. I reset my Galaxy Appeal to see if that would help, that didn't improve the situation at all. I was up to date on software updates on the Appeal as well. As time progressed the call quality became so bad that I could no longer use this phone. Calls had constant hissing and were breaking up every few seconds. I couldn't deal with this phone anymore.Going back to earlier this year, before I started to have call quality issues with the phone before June of this year - the phone was good, and I would have given this phone a 3-3.5 star rating. I used the Appeal with a Plantronics Voyager Legend headset, and it connected easily to the headset, and was overall reliable with the Plantronics device. Sometimes the Appeal would disconnect randomly from the headset, but I was able to pair it again easily, so it was a slightly annoying at times.My cell phone usage is mostly talk - I easily go through 1500 minutes a month, a few text messages, and very little data usage, but I wanted to have at least some data to use such functions as the basic navigation and look up info a few times a month. As far as Battery Life, I agree with what people are saying here, it's one of the weakest points of this phone, I had to charge this phone daily.Now, talking about what the current and present situation is with this Galaxy Appeal, over the last few days, it has become impossible to use this phone anymore. 2 days ago I dropped At&T; prepaid GoPhone service, and went to AIO wireless (which runs on AT&T;'s network)and I bought a new phone through AIO at a great price, and call quality on this new AIO phone is like night and day - it's back to being clear and reliable. I know this review is supposed to focus on the Appeal, but I also wanted to include this latest information to show how I resolved the issue, and that the problem is not with AT&T;, or their network, customer service with AT&T; is really rock solid, they tried to help and I didn't want to leave them.My Appeal flaked out in less than a year, and I just didn't want to deal with it anymore. I could try to have it fixed, but it's over 6 months old now, so not sure how much Samsung would have stepped up to help me out. The big gripe I do have with AT&T; is their selection of prepaid phones is so limited, so buying a replacement phone with AT&T; was just something I didn't want to pursue.This phone is anything but appealing to me. For Samsung to name this phone a Galaxy is a joke (I could think of many other names I want to call this phone, Black Hole, Abyss, Meteor is a good name, because just like a meteor crashes into a surface, I bet others out there have wanted to throw this phone against a wall, or a hard cement floor).  Also, at the time I bought this phone late in 2012, to pay anything over $100 for this phone is too much money, especially since this phone is Gingerbread OS.And just to make sure I cover all bases in this review - so the readers of this review don't think I might have had something to do with neglecting this Appeal, and maybe that's why it stopped working - I never dropped this phone, it never fell off my desk or off a table, I never spilled anything on it, I never left the phone in the car to bake in the sun, I didn't leave it outside in extreme hot or cold weather, I didn't throw it against a wall (although the thought crossed my mind a few times), or drop it in the toilet, although this phone belongs there, because it's a complete POS. I put a screen protector on it, I bought a case for it, I did everything on my end to assure long term usage of this phone.If I didn't have a sense of ethics I'd try to sell this phone and at least get a few bucks back on it, but I don't want anyone else to go through the frustration I dealt with. It's really sad, buying a phone, that doesn't even last a year. The star rating shows 1 star, but if I could, I'd give this POS phone zero stars. Don't buy it, don't waste your time. I guess the phone will make a good looking paperweight now, being that the blue case I bought for it is the only appealing thing that I can say about the phone.

I liked that for the price you get most of the same perks with other Samsung models. You also have the chance to use the keypad as well as the touch screen feature.

Not a bad little phone. Certainly not a top of the line phone, but it performs quite nicely. The only complaint I have is that you cannot zoom on pictures using the touch screen. A very small thing to give up in consideration of the price.

The charger over heated the battery. It wouldn't hold a charge so I bought a new battery shortly after I got it. But even the new battery doesn't hold a charge. Also, I often lose phone calls because I touch the panel (or something) and it goes dead.

This phone replaces a Samsung Galaxy Appeal that had some issues - and I'm hoping I'll feel better about THIS one than I did about the previous one.  So far, so good...

it's nice to have the qwerty keyboard again, but it's pretty much useless for anything outside of texting. The wi-fi antennae is not good and the phone operates incredibly slow with most of today's popular apps.

I bought this phone and after reading most of the reviews I didn't know what to expect. I love it, I have had smartphones before and the thing that sold me was the sliding keyboard. This samsung has all of the bells and whistles of anyother smartphone and more. I have not had any issues with the battery, and the running app monitor really helps prolong the battery because I can shut down any apps not being used. There is one thing that I am having a problem with and that is the volume, I will set it the way I want it and mysteriously it goes back to its default setting, although not all the time. All in all this is a great phone I love it.

I bought this phone for my daughter for college.  The phone works great, and without any of the battery issues that others are writing about.  She doesn't go online with this phone, and maybe that is why the battery does not drain so quickly.  She only uses it for basic texting and phone calls, but it is nice to have the option to be able to go online if you need to. Also, this phone has a very low SAR rating (low radiation) which is important to me. Love this phone!

Wonderful cell, with very reasonable price. I bought it some months ago, and am very happy with it. The only problem to me was the battery. It needs to get recharged every other day.

I didn't want to give it any stars but It wouldn't let me do that. It wouldn't accept the current SIM card I use. I ended up having to purchase a new phone and new contract which is what I was trying to avoid in the first place.

The phone does everything the larger Galaxy does, but it's smaller and more &#34;usable&#34;.  I never use the slider feature, which is why I bought it because I have always had a key board but....it's a great little phone.

I suppose calling quality is okay, I don't really use it for phone calls unless I have to. Sometimes when I am texting and using the actual keyboard, the 'a' key messes up and then refuses to work for a while. So I either have to wait until it wants to reset itself, or I have to restart the phone. It can be a bit of a hassle, but I've gotten used to it.The battery life is kind of meh, but I make due with charging it every other day, depending on how many people I have texting me. I honestly don't use it for much else. It was a backup phone when I needed one.All in all, I like the phone, it's easy to hold and type on for someone with small hands like me. The camera isn't good but I have other options with that. As a go-to phone to ensure I had one for texting and phone calls when my other one went out, it was a good choice.

i got this phone for my 8 year old for Christmas. it was her first phone. works well...derrick .

great cell it was securely in box never used or open...all thou it is not returnable its still a good buy

I got this phone from here and I normally am happy with everything I buy from amazon but this phone is horrible. It is the slowest phone ever. It takes the screen 10 seconds just to rotate and it is slow with the unlock screen. I would never recommend this phone to anyone

This is, by far, the worst functioning phone I have ever used. The seller got it to be fast enough and all, but the bottom line is that it just doesn't work. I do not blame the seller, unless of course the seller know the condition and lack of functionality of this phone, but I am not assuming that is the case.I would like to know, though, if perhaps it is just the particular device that was sent to me, and if the seller would be willing to replace it, if possible.Assuming it's not just this particular phone, which online reviews that I have looked at since having so many problems (which began within a couple weeks of my receipt of the phone), I repeat to all: WORST phone ever.

It looks fine i guess.  I can't tell you how well it works though because it didn't come with a sim card...

The look good but I didn't like that I couldn't unlock it even thought I took it to the store.

So here it is November 2012 and I've been using this phone since the beginning of September.  I regret the purchase.  Pros:  it is a "smart" phone.  Has a querty keyboard.  It's a good size for carrying around in tactical pants, and using out of doors.  Great reception for western NY and most of the east coast, decent amount of data storage and apps, battery life ok, battery charges quickly (an hour).  Cons:  the querty keyboard is awful--small flat keys which make it almost impossible to use without a stylus.  I bought this phone because of the slide out querty keyboard and I don't use it.  Slider phone feature--awful.  The slider portion glides out too easily making the phone difficult to hold and operate with one hand.  While holding the phone in your left hand to use, the on/off button located on the right side, is difficult to use without the slider engaging.  The auto rotation does not always work.  Preset programs do not fit my need and cannot be removed.  A real bug for me is that answering a phone call is actually difficult--not intuitive and requires your full attention.  That goes for ending a call also.But my biggest gripe is AT&Ts; service.  The website for the AT&T; go phones is difficult to navigate, has limited payment options,  and for someone who is used to a no contract monthly Virgin Mobile Plan,  it's almost a burden to use.  Go phone payment plans require you to fund an account upfront for a set dollar amount.  My issue is you can't set up monthly automatic payments.  I've tried, for two months now.  Also, changing the data plan is awkward.I went with the AT&T; go phone plan because: 1.  AT&T; has a better service area in western NY than Virgin Mobile (number one reason). 2. My usage of voice minutes is generally under 100 minutes per month. 3. The go phone plan has unlimited text messaging and messages are delivered quickly.  4. I hate phone contracts.Conclusion:  I should have skipped the querty keyboard and bought a better smart phone.  Not sure AT&T; is offering a better go phone at this time.August 2013 update.  I'm ditching this phone and AT&T.;  The go-phone accounting system and usage billing system is not cost effective.  The phone is holding up to wear and tear--it's been dropped a few times, but as mentioned I don't use the query keyboard.  As an introduction to touch screen technology in a phone, there are better products out there and providers.  Dropping the rating to a two star.

I had a phone like this for over two years, and really liked it.  I lost it, however, and wanted another one just like it so I wouldn't have to relearn all the functions.  After I activated this phone, I found that it would fully discharge the battery within 4 - 5 hours (my old one would last two days) and the battery was warm all the time.  I am returning the phone, as it is important to me to be able to go at least a day on a charge.

I received the new phone promptly and in condition promised.  I am thoroughly enjoying it.  I recommend it, especially if you're like me and not used to smartphones.  Thank  you.

Best gadget yet! So many cool features. Screen can be slightly too sensitive. A mini tablet & cellphone combined. Very happy with the Samsung (Terrible name though).

this phone was my first smart phone and i love it works great. i would recommend this to anyone looking for a good smart phone

This phone does everything I need it to do and the keyboard is an awesome feature the battery life could be better but other than that I'm very happy with this phone

I purchased this phone for my daughter. She absolutely loves it and it has all the features she was looking for.

Looking for an affordable phone to send mine in for repair. This was great!  Then it became my daughter's phone and she was super happy as it is the phone most of her friends have. :)

This cellphone was purchased for my grandson out of state.  He seems to be happy with the phone.  I hope he takes care of it.

I purchase the phone and as promised it was unlocked. My phone made calls and basic texts with my T-Mobile SIM card.  I have not been able to discover why picture texts do not work.  The phone is also plagued with a lot of unnecessary apps that cannot be deleted, but as my first smartphone its a good starter and close enough to my tablet that my learning curve was fast.

My husband and I purchased these phones in April it is almost the end of June and we were forced to buy different phones as the phone battries do not hold a charge. You plug it in at night and the next morning the battery is completely drained even though it shows that the phone is completely off the battery still drains. The phone is nice but the battery is def an issue as I have seen on other reviews from other people with the same issues. Do not buy this phone it is the worst phone the battery sucks and the touch screen is slow and unrepesponsive. Phone worked great for only a little while but every month I would turn it on and it would be dead with the low battery indicator my husbands died just this morning. Samsung needs to pull these phones off the market or at the very least recall them there is a flaw as I have heard where the phone is on while it is off again do not buy this phone you will regret it

I bought this phone because my old phone broke and I needed something to replace it, preferably soon. Anyone who has lost or broken a phone knows how hard it is to be without your phone for any amount of days, let alone 8 days! My phone broke on a Sunday in the AM, I immediately went online to order a new one. This phone offered regular shipping and expedited shipping. I purchased expedited shipping and it said it would arrive within 2-8 days. I was hoping for sooner than later but I didn't get my new phone until the following MONDAY (day 8)! Yes, it was technically here within the parameters but come on, it came from Arizona (I am in Missouri), not Hong Kong. It could've easily been to me within 5 days. The phone itself is fine, in new condition. It's a pretty basic smartphone but being that it's a Samsung, I am hoping that it'll last me at least a year. I just received it yesterday and rushed to get it activated. So far so good... not sure I would buy anything from this seller unless I didn't have an urgent need.

I LIKE THE PHONE LOTS OF HIGH TECH FEATURES,BUT IT IS A POWER EATER BE PREPAIRED TO RECHARGE ON A DAILY BASIS.

Purchased this phone recently so this review is more about first impressions until there is a track record, but it's a decent, entry-level phone and the best of the bunch among AT+T's GoPhone line for ease of use with a slide-out keyboard (among other features). It's not an iPhone, of course, so don't expect too much, but as a basic text-and-talk smartphone (which I have not used for data yet), it's worth the $25-a-month plan.Be forewarned though: After the first phone arrived, I got it up and running with a phone call to AT+T (the SIM card is included in the purchase), but the battery discharged in less than 24 hours. Recharge, discharge, recharge, discharge ... it happened three more times in rapid succession and I realized the phone and/or battery were defective. Saw a review on another online retailer's site that indicated the identical problem with this model, so that confirmed it for me.Enter Amazon's customer service people, who are second to none and quickly resolved the issue by issuing a replacement/return. The replacement seems to work fine (so far). If you're looking to keep costs down with a pay-as-you-go cell that's used significantly more for texting than talking (the voice quality is just OK, not horrible, not great), consider this model.

Phone is pretty fast, to bad it doesn't have the new android system that makes it a lot easier to use. But either way good phone.

same problems as the fusion 2. The Samsung Galaxy appeal seem to do well at first but after the first few months the process started slowing down, applications started to force close for no reason and would not open the exact same issues happened on my fiance is fusion 2. Trust me when I say either by the Nokia luma 520 or go for the gold and buy the Samsung Galaxy Express which is the most advanced and amazing phone I have ever used in my life. iit is truly the most amazing phone on the market for $200 well worth the extra. I would not recommend the Samsung Galaxy appeal or the fusion 2 not to mention any of the other go phones that I've had and replaced due to it having issues. Surprisingly the Samsung basic flip phone was the only other phone that worked well and that's only because it's absolutely basic and has no features or even a camera! I hope this helps and making a decision so in other person doesn't lose out on buying a cheap phone that doesn't last very long.

I bought 2 of these Samsung Galaxy Appeals & they both do the same thing; so it is more than a problem with just a "batch." Gotta be a design flaw. When you power it "off" at night, first thing in the AM the phone is dead. It apparently doesn't turn "off," but instead depletes the battery. You can't turn it on before charging the battery at least 50%. Who has time for that?As described in the previous review: "The problem with this Samsung Apppeal is the phone doesn't shut down even though it says "Shutting Down", so therefore the battery is being used while you sleep. You can have your battery charged to 100% at 9:00 P.M. at night and by 9:00 A.M. in the morning the battery is almost dead with a 3% charge left on the phone.In the morning when you boot up the phone it gives a Warning Sign that the battery is critically exhausted.So this phone depletes the battery even while it is OFF and you are Asleep. Testing it further during day use, the battery also depletes faster than any other phone I ever owned."Totally agree. I'm out about about $300 bucks now (I bought the 2nd for one of my kids) and put the SIMs back in old cheapo phones that actually work. I really like Samsung (own their Galaxy 2 tablet awesome product) but this phone is a lemon. Works great when the phone is on, but can't afford to get stuck in another power outage with a phone that can't hold its charge.

I have decided to let my 15 year old have a cell phone & this is the one she wanted. It is ok for a first time user,not too complicated & she loves the slide feature. So far we have not had the issue with the battery that I see others have had but she is a teenager who is always on it so it is a bit difficult to know for sure. *UPDATE* Here it is 6 months later & my daughter loves this phone! We have no battery issues,its simple to use and I am very happy we got this one.

I like this product because it's fairly easy to learn. I had a bit of trouble moving some pics to the pc, but that got resolved. It may have been my firewall. Anyway, I like the slide out keyboard and that so many things are easy to find. I also like the dual charger (USB or AC) and the charge lasts a long time. It was inexpensive, but gives me most of the features of the more expensive models.

it moderate prize for the features on it. Android, and does everything you expect. i recommend it for you reading it. check it out.

I got this phone prior to taking a trip so was gone when 30 day's came up so don't know if I can send it back. Got 2 yr warrantee so am hoping it will be fixed or replace,need to figure out how to do that. A rammed up message keeps coming up on the left upper part of screen, when this happens phone does not work, won't even turn off, need to remove battery and put back in to get rid of the rammed up message and for the phone to work temporarily again. It seems to get very hot. It does not keep a charge very long even when not used very much. The navigation system does work well. I also like the speaker phone as well as hearing it up to my ear. My previous phone, I had problems hearing it, so this is improved with this phone. It also doesn't show when you have a missed phone call/message. A missed text is easily noticeable though.

Pretty basic smartphone,  nothing fancy.  Does the job. Virtual keyboard very small. You get what you pay for honestly.  It's OK.

I've had this phone a little over 3 months. It has been good, but definitely has battery issues. I can shut the phone down at night, closing all apps, and it will have 70% charge...but in the morning it is 1% charged...or dead. Too late to do anything about it thru Amazon, so I called Samsung. They want me to ship it back - they will have it 10-12 days and wipe everything off it. The tech tells me I am to back things up using Kies - which I have no clue how to do.

don't buy this phone! battery issues!, I had it for 4 months! at first I loved it but now it sucks!  too much issues! don't buy it

This phone works great except for the random times that everything freezes and I can't even turn it off to reboot.

I have had the phone for one day so, not much time to give a review. The phone seems good, no problems with battery. Over all, the phone seems to be a quality phone. I am still learning new things.

Steaming pile of horse s***. Even with the screen dimmed, the GPS off and no apps running at all, this won't maintain a charge overnight on standby. Utterly useless.

So far so good. Bought it because of texting mainly which is great. Only thing I dont like about it is I cut everyone off when talking

I really enjoy this phone. It was all I was expecting and more! The quality is outstanding. The LCD screen is great and very clear. The keyboard is awesome as well!!!

I have had this phone for awhile now and it is excellent!! Haven't had any problems. Sound is clear and picture is clear! I recommend!

This is my first smart phone and I am enjoying the features very much. My gps was stolen yet again so my husband got me this smart phone so I would have a gps, phone, mp3 and many other devices at my fingertips at all times. It is a great option to be able to  have a smart phone for just $60 a month through AT&T;'s pay as you go plan. I get plenty of data usage with that rate and I get unlimited calls and texts. I used to use a pay as you go phone prior and loved it for just $50 a month, the extra $10 per month are worth it to be able to look something up online anytime I need to, to have a gps anytime I need one, to be able to check my email when I am out and the many other features a smart phone supplies.The downsides of this phone...battry life is TERRIBLE! It will actually dies overnight while on hibernate even if fully charged before I go to bed. I have to almost always keep it on the charger. I keep it on the charger at  home and in the car. The camera is terrible, almost a waste of time to have. It takes terrible pictures and since there is no flash indoor photos are a real waste of time.Overall, for myself the price and conveniences out weigh the cons of the phone.

I love this phone! The system on it can be a little slow sometimes, but it is great for those who want a touch screen phone but hate the on screen keyboard.

I loved the phone!  unfortunately, I had to sell it because I could not afford the $65 at&t go phone data plan.

great phone for anyone.easy too use and fits great in ur pocket or purse too. charge held goos also..nice ket board on the phone.

I would not recommend this phone, the battery won't get you through half a day without running out.  Cheap phone, but I ended up returning it.

have several problems with this phone, if I had the packaging I would return it, i'll buy next phone in local store.

It's not what I expect it would be. I don't like it but I guess it's ok. But I wouldn't recommend it to anybody because I don't like it.

This is a good basic smartphone that can be found for less than $100. I have owned mine for one year and have not had any problems with it. It is sturdy and has been dropped many times with no damage. I do have a hard plastic case for it. The limitations of this phone are as follows. It is android 2.3 and not officially upgradeable. 2.3 is a stable and functional version of android that runs most apps. It has only 512 mb of ram. If you run multiple apps you will be bumping up against the memory limit often. It has too many default apps that try to load in the background. This causes sluggishness and excessive battery drain. I solved it by installing an app called advanced task killer that I set to kill unwanted tasks and it also has a button to "flush" them. I noticed that the touch screen can be fussy sometimes. It is usually because the processor is still loading the page and won't allow input or it is because my fingers are too dry. Even though I have fat fingers I find that the keyboard is much better to use than the keypad. There are two voice programs Google voice and Vlingo which can be uses for handsfree dailing or internet search which is much faster than typing anyway. Google voice only allows about one sentence worth of input but I don't feel that is a limitation as it is otherwise pretty accurate when using it for texting. You need to use the voice icon on the keypad as the keyboard one will kick you out of the message program. The camera is pretty basic and has no flash. I tried to install several barcode scanners but could not get them to read the barcodes so this wouldn't work for that. The screen is small but since I am old and can't see anyway without glasses I opted to go for the smaller size to fit in my pocket. I can see it in brightly light rooms without glasses. In summary this is definitely not the best phone on the market. but for someone like me who loses or destroys electronic gadgets with impunity it is a sturdy cheap and functional entry to the smartphone world. I do not normally text nor do I have a facebook account but the phone has paid for itself just from the souplantation coupons that I have conjured up and is great for looking up restaurants and phone #. I also downloaded a gps program that works better than my $400 gps and lets you download topo maps directly from the map screen for when you go out of range. I am using the Straight talk $45 unlimited talk text and data plan from walmart which is only 3G speed but it is sufficient for my needs.

I got this Galaxy Appeal because I really wanted an open slide phone. Also it is a plus that is it is a prepaid phone. I did have some difficulty with the data package and just At&t in general but a trip to the At&t store and everything was sorted out. I know there is a great deal of complaints about the battery life and how it is drained fast. I just bought a car charger to charge it when I am driving and haven't really had a huge problem with that. It it a little difficult to get the hang of the phone I want to call someone it takes way to long to get to where I need to go to call the person. I also don't like how there is no end or green (answer?) button. I feel that would make the phone a little better. Some times if I try to do something fast it will freeze up and I have to set it down so it can think it though. Good App selection. Love the text message center. It shows the whole convo! no sent or inbox section. I think there should be a camera button on the side but all well. All in all pretty good phone.

I've had this phone for a month and a half and it no longer works.  I guess I should have bought that $14.99 insurance on it.

pros: easy to work and advance warning when battery is going to die.Cons: easy b**t dealingThis phone has did everything that I have ask of it.

I love all of the apps available on this phone, but not only does it not have 7 hour talk time like advertised (more like 7 hour life time), the $50 unlimited talk/text/web plan DOES NOT work on this phone. So disappointing!!

This is my first smartphone and I really don't have anything bad to say about it.  For the price, it is an excellent phone.  The people complaining about it are simply expecting it to be the iPhone 5, which it is not.  It's a great prepaid smartphone phone at a great price.

sent it as a gift to a friend out of stateshe hasnt figured out how to activate a go phone account

I've had a very difficult time with finding the right phone for me.  I have problems with most smartphones now days because most of them are touch screen, that seems to be the happening thing.  Although, I'm sure that when the idea of a touch screen came out no one thought about the poor kid with over sized ears!!!  Unfortunately, I'm one of those over sized ear people and trust me, we have NO BUSINESS using a touch screen phone.  It's nothing but a headache!!!!  So, I LOVE my phone with a keypad!!!!!  It's BIG-EAR FRIENDLY!!!!!!

I thought this phone was the Samsong Galaxy S 3. I did not realize it was the original old cell, however I was pleased with Amazon's quick return policy it was great!. This is why the one star.

For what I paid for the phone, it works fine. HOWEVER, it has a huge delay when I &#34;tap&#34; on an app, etc. at times and when I get a call, the touchscreen won't always respond, which means it will go to voicemail because I &#34;cannot&#34; answer the call! I recommend this phone as long as it isn't glitchy like the one I have!

When you make a call the phone has to be open or else you can't see the end call button. I should of went with the At&t fusion phone. Although the volume is higher with media than the fusion, the fusion has a better camera that can actually zoom. Wasn't even sure if I can get a refund, yet wasn't sure what I would have to do in order to send the phone back. I've had this phone for a month or two, I don't hate it, just doesn't make any sense when it comes to making calls. Pretty much you have to wait for them to hang up first, then you give the phone a minute, then the screen will light back up. Also the screen lock is pointless because whenever you slide the phone open it takes you to the main screen. Two major malfunctions with this phone. One of my contact addresses is drewcife@gmail.com If you're the company and you're reading this, I still have the box and all it came with. It would be nice to get my money back and get the actual type of phone that I want.

If a phone won't hold a charge it doesn't matter how many great features it has, it won't work! Being tethered to a charging cord is not acceptable. At first it would hold a charge for 4 hrs of standby time before it started shutting down to conserve battery. On the most battery conserving settings and after doing 4 deep cycles of the battery, it will now hold a charge for 11 hrs before being below 20% battery.I contacted Samsung where I was told I had a defective battery and to contact the place of purchase. Samsung didn't have any replacement batteries for me to purchase, nor did they even offer to replace it had they had one. Amazon's customer service was GREAT! Although they didn't have any replacement batteries they found one for me at another online store and refunded me the cost of the replacement battery. It hasn't arrived so I can't comment on the new battery.So, in summary, I have a phone that won't hold a charge, where the manufacturer doesn't have replacement batteries in stock and I am tethered to a charger.

First, I'm not sure why people are complaining about battery life in reviews - if you treat the battery right with a 4-5 hour initial charge, at least in my experience so far, it has been great.  I've been going 2 days between charges with moderate use (several phone calls, some texts, facebook, e-mail, minor web browsing.)  All of my iphone friends need to charge every night.  That's just standard for a smartphone.This phone fits my needs perfectly.  The keys are small, but I'm an adult woman with average sized hands and I have no trouble with them.  The phone itself is small, which is a desirable feature in my book.  I also love that it had a VERY low SAR rating when compared to the iphone.The phone plan is unbeatable.  $50 for unlimited talk and text, and another $5 a month for 200MB data.  MUCH better than the $90 a month you'd pay for just 450 minutes a month on a standard smartphone data/text plan.  I'll never go over that, given there is wifi at work and home (and many other places, honestly.)  I'm not streaming movies on my phone, just using it for basic everyday needs/convenience.  I wish I had gone the smartphone route sooner now that I see how inexpensive and useful it really can be.There are only two things I'd tweak to make this phone perfect.  I'd give it a forward facing camera (for skype) and a slightly better camera for taking pictures.  But I love that it takes a microSD card, another huge plus over the iphone.I'll continue to update this review as time goes on, but so far, I have been extremely satisfied with this purchase and wish I had gotten a smartphone - specifically, on a GoPhone like this to get the great deal re: unlimited talk/text - a lot sooner.UPDATE:  After using the phone for about half a year, the OS slowed down considerably.  I took very very good care of the battery, and it still is working pretty well.... but the OS is so slow that even making a phone call is hard to do now.  Luckily a family member ended up with an iphone to pass down the line (and even luckier - I can keep the iphone on the go-phone plan, so it is cheap!)  - so I'm giving this phone to someone else (after re-initializing) to try to speed the OS up again.  Apparently this type of behavior is common with older Android OS's.  I think this is a good "intro to smartphones" phone but it doesn't have the longevity to keep it great.

It's a fine phone- obviously while buying it I couldn't afford anything better.  It turns itself on and off a lot.  The screen can be quite fritz-y.  There are delays.  It freezes and turns itself off.  I have only had it about four months and it's quite dead.  While writing this review I reduced my score from a three to a two.  It wasn't worth the money.  Invest in something better or buy an indestructible older phone. I still love Samsung products, just not this particular one.

I charge my phone overnight and last night I plugged in my phone for the first overnight charge and when I woke up this morning the battery was at 0%.  So I'm thinking that when the phone reaches 100% battery it &#34;disconnects&#34; from the charge and the alert of this stays on keeping the phone on.  With the well known battery issues this is making it simply impossible to use.  I will be contacting AT&T about this because I need something I can use reliably.  I'm not looking for a cheap perfect phone, I'm just looking for a cheap phone that isn't garbage.

Every time I would use it it would do something I didn't want.  It would not operate touch with my fingers, I had to use a stylus.  I bought it for the pop out keyboard, which was fine but everything else was so bad I went back to a simple go phone.
