
Durable and rugged, takes a beating and still doesn't miss a beat. Great for the person that wants it as a phone. It has a built in flashlight (And by extention Flash enabled camera) and compass for those times you need them.

After my old phone finally died on me, I ordered this one since I'm not an Apple person nor do I care to have all those ridiculous aps. I just need something to call and text; don't care for internet/Bluetooth either.The phone is fine, just what I needed for myself. I don't do a lot of texting or calling. A lot of its use is as my alarm clock in the morning and an occasional call or two.The reason why this product gets 3 stars from me is because of the battery life, or lack thereof. My old phone would hold its charge for up to a week and, just like this one, it stayed on all the time. I'm finding myself having to plug it in every other day and it's quite frustrating but I suppose it's the nature of the beast.

My son ordered this phone after he broke his other one.  Since his new job would be outside, around equipment and big holes in the ground he wanted one that would stand up to the elements.  This has been a great phone for him!  It is rugged and handles rough treatment.  It is easy to use.  You can get on the internet and check email.  My son said you can through it and it won't break.

This phone was very nice all I need for a cell phone. however I was under the impression that the phone had a camera the one in the picture did and the one I received did not . not that big of a deal but I was a little disappointed .

I like the phone but must be charged daily with any steady usge..texting and messaging seem to drain it faster...could the battery be bad?

The service and product exceeded my every need. this was a replacement phone for one that died on me.  I am amazed at the good product and service.  I am very happy.

It's basically water resistant, don't think you can make a call from underwater (though it did work, i would not recommend it)... it's a rugged phone. no complaints about it. i need phones like this so i don't break them.i broke the first one by dropping it in the ocean, and then letting it dry in the 90+degree heat.... it worked perfectly fine after it went in the water. MAKE SURE YOU HAVE ALL THE HOLES CLOSED COMPLETELY. that's what did mine in. there's the TINIEST water speck on the indicator... nothing like dropping a regular phone in a toilet... just a little spot and it died. other than keeping all the holes/flaps closed completely, go to town on the phone.

Phone worked, but the original owners info and contacts were still on the phone, and on top of that it had a security pass code, so I had to drive all the way to verizon just so they can find a way to wipe all the memory and change to factory settings. Obviously this phone has not been tested after being refurbished, otherwise it would have been found.

When my phone arrived and I went to activate it, Verizon told me that they were unable to do so.  The code number that's behind the battery did not match the type of phone that it was. They said it was a smart phone, not a flip phone.  The code that was on a sticker attached to the  box that it came in(not the origional box) was a code that did in fact match my phone type....BUT it was currently in use across the country in California somewhere.  Unfortunately there doesn't seem to be a way for me to contact this seller as with most other purchases I've made thru Amazon...so how do I know it won't happen again?  NOT happy.  That said, I would have liked to try this phone.  It has a nice hearty feel to it.  Seems tough.  Easy keypad.  Too bad.

Very pleased with phone.  Easy to use. Wished it would have come with a manual with the phone.  I don't need all the bells and whistles and this phone delivers.

This phone could be great, but, its not.  I only have it because my company decided this was the dumb-phone of choice.  The first thing I hate is that the front clock does not give you the option for 24hr time.  How dumb is that???  The next thing I hate is that there are no parentheses characters available for texting, which means I can't use simple emoticons.  Really DUMB.  But... the reason I totally hate this wretched piece of crap is that I bought a 32GB chip for it so I could plenty of space available for movies, photos, and... text messages.  It was then that I found out that the morons who put this thing together allow you to put Pictures, Videos, Ringtones, Sounds and Contacts on the extra memory... but not TXT messages  (from setting & tools -> memory - card memory).  I cannot condemn the morons who did this enough for their unrelenting stupidity and incapability with regard to simple features.  I would never never never buy this phone if it was just me.  I am working to ensure my company never never never buys another one.  And.. the fact that my company has a support contract with the vendor, and several others have had to deal with the outrageous idiots refusing to actually repair the thing when it fails... even with a paid support contract... means I have a pretty good shot at getting my way.  Bye bye Casio... your phone seriously stinks to high heaven and beyond, and so does your support.

This phone is everything my mom wanted. Durable & can take a beaten she has had this phone for a month now & no problems.

The phone was purchased for our grandson who is hard on cell phones.  It is durable and he loves all the features on it.  He needs it for texting, picture taking, etc.  We are happy with the purchase.

First, a couple words about the Amazon vendor Wireless4Cheap:  Exceptional service!  At their price - compared to eBay prices - I was concerned about the cosmetic condition of the phone.  They were quick to respond with detailed images of the like-new phone, screen protectors still in place.  And then they were quick to ship...it arrived FOUR DAYS EARLY.On to the phone itself:Smartphones, though I've used them for several years, simply don't meet my needs.  Dragging my sometimes cruddy fingers across a screen just to answer a call seems stupid to me.  I've long preferred just opening the flip.  Nor do I need to get on FB, email, games, maps, apps, etc., every waking moment.  I have a life.For the Interweb, I'm perfectly happy with a 4G mobile hotspot and a tablet (or lappy).  And, golly, I can talk, surf, upload, etc., simultaneously.  I'm still paying less for all that flexibility than most of my friends who have 4G smartphones alone.Current generic flips, imo, are just that.  Generic.  And, for my use, more fragile than I'd like.  I don't worry about dropping this one, getting it wet or dirty.  Rinse it off.  Done.Among the tough phones there have been a few decent choices like theMotorola Brute i686 Rugged PTT For Sprint(now obsolete since Sprint pulled the plug on iDEN 07/01/13) orSprint Kyocera DuraXT No Contract MIL-SPEC Rugged PTT 3MP Camera Cell PhoneSeries.  Alternatively, a not-so-toughVERIZON WIRELESS CELL PHONE MOTOROLA BARRAGE V860 V 860 NO CONTRACT REQUIRED WORKS ON VERIZON WIRELESSorSamsung Rugby 2 A847  Unlocked GSM Ruggedized Phone PTT GPS 3G, etc.  Most of them stick to dull clamshell designs (Moto Barrage,MOTOROLA TUNDRA VA76r UNLOCKED PTT GPS RUGGED AT&T; UNLOCKEDwith stubby,Samsung Convoy 2 Verizon).When I had the originalCasio G'zOne Type-V Verizon Cell Phoneyears ago, I loved it and sometimes regretted selling it for a smartphone.  This one caught my eye about a year ago.For my tastes, it looks like a MotoRAZR on steroids - considerably more so than theMotorola V750 Adventure PTT Rugged Grey Phone Verizon- and actually rugged.  Yes, most of it rubberized.  No mistaking it for a Moto, however.  It's more like a "What-Is-It".  Hey, I still have to use this...in public!Ravine 2 is not for everyone.  Unlike the legacyCasio GzOne Ravine Verizon(which I'd considered, except for the weird offset keys difficult to dial by feel), no MP3 player.  That's fine.  Got a 16GB Walkman with FM.  This G'Zone has a healthy, for a flip, 3.2MP camera while most others got stuck at 2MP.  Dedicated cam button.  Easy.  Dedicated speaker buttons inside and out.  Easy.  And, okay I'll admit it, the LED flashlight is very cool.  And a very useful tool I've missed since the Type V. (Already used it this afternoon while digging into the back of someone's computer).The 1150mAh battery (4 hours/21days) is perfectly sufficient, but I like having the option of an affordable OEM 1430mAh extended battery and cover.Finally, I'll note I used Page Plus (Verizon MVNO based in the U.S.) for activation.  Boost (Sprint MVNO) severely restricts types of Sprint devices it will accept (i.e., nothing with PTT), Not surprisingly in my experience, Virgin (also Sprint MVNO) customer service hasn't even a clue it's even on Sprint's BYOD list...or even what BYOD is!  The Page Plus plan (talk/text) is at a fraction of any Verizon plan.  Activation - ported my old number - is a little convoluted, but worth it.  I'm still on Verizon's network which has a particularly robust signal here in hurricane country.  Everything I need.  Nothing I don't.

Fairly happy with the phone it arrived in a very timely manner with the accessories that were stated in the ad. Not happy with Verizon's service however. I bought the Ravine 2 to hopefully solve a problem with Verizon service but that has not happened as the problem still is on-going. Have to find somewhere that I can get a owners manual for this phone to help with a button situation to see if it can be turned off. On the whole we are happy with the phone and when Verizon's system is working correctly the phone is great. It handles rough usage and seems to be working just fine.

Just waiting to see if the seller replaces it as they should. There is something wrong with the screen and it gets these random red lines across it. If they back up the product, I would be satisfied and give a different review. It's the weekend so we'll see how they respond come Monday.Monday Update: They have contacted me and we shall see how it works out. It sounds promising so far as they are looking to see if they have a replacement.It's taken some time to process the return, but that  is not really the seller's fault. I think they have been very good processing the return so far. The delay has been on our end, primarily due to the phone being a gift for a college student and we weren't able to get the return label and package together before Spring Break. Also turns out that Fed Ex locations for the return are not convenient for a student without a car. All that said, I think the seller is doing everything correctly so far and taking care of the issue. They have been very nice about it actually. The phone has just shipped back so hopefully this will all be taken care of shortly.LONG STORY SHORT, THE SELLER DID EVERYTHING THEY SHOULD AND A FULL REFUND WAS ISSUED. They were nice and professional about it. I would buy from them again if it came up. It just happened to turn out that they did not have any more stock on this particular item so they couldn't exchange it. Obviously we are still without the phone, but I don't think the defect was really the seller's fault and they handled it properly.

Finally... a phone that made the hubby happy. He's a rough guy and needed a phone that could keep up. He has the Brigade, but it was becoming too bulky and cumbersome. Voila... the Ravine 2 appears! It is tough, great call quality and has a nice appearance to it. Its not bulky and offers a nice loud speaker. Best of all, I can place it on Page Plus!

The phone was supposed to be in excellent condition the front screen has a white spot it the center where it has been damaged and it is difficult to see who is calling. I would have returned the phone if I was not in a bind for a working phone because I run a welding service and I have to have a cell phone.

A couple months after the one-year warranty, the mouthpiece stopped working properly. I have no problems hearing anyone else, but no one else can hear me. Verizon can't fix it. I'm going back to my 10-year-old Samsung.A cell phone, especially one this simple, should last a lot longer than a year.

I'm a contractor, self-employed, and tough on phones.  I used to have the-  Samsung Convoy U640 Phone for Verizon Wireless Network with No Contract (Gray) Ruggedwhich was a good phone, though the front screen cracked pretty early on, and I just had to deal with it.  When I was ready for an upgrade, I tried out aVERIZON WIRELESS CELL PHONE MOTOROLA BARRAGE V860 V 860 NO CONTRACT REQUIRED WORKS ON VERIZON WIRELESS.  HORRIBLE!  the front screen broke after a few weeks, and the main screen went blank and quit working.  Useless.  And this was after I tried out two different protective cases, neither of which did the job either.I decided to give this G'Zone phone a try and have LOVED it, better than any phone I've had yet.  Nothing has cracked or broken, I've dropped it several times, and it is still going strong.  I rely on my phone heavily in order to run my business, and it has been trustworthy and reliable.  I'm tough on phones, but this one has done awesome so far.  I just have to be sure I don't lose it in a snowbank somewhere.HIGHLY recommended.

Arrived promptly, item in like new condition as stated, I was very impressed!,  easy set up with my provider and has awesome reception, clarity, and nice features.  Will buy another from same supplier if I ever need.

It works but it has some weird bugs in it. First the voice quality sounds tinny. Then the phone sometimes has everything up side down on the screen and if you turn it off then it goes away. There might be some more bugs but they're not too bad, yet.

This was advertised as new, but it did  not look new and it arrived in a generic box with generic instruction booklet.  It did not work and caused me a huge hassle after I wasted time trying to activate it.  I returned it.

I have been a Casio consumer through a lot of phones and most last the 2 year cycle til the new eligibility rolls around. This phone is a mutt. I used to able to silence the ringer while it was in my pocket thru a side button (while in a conversation with my customer), not with this model. The charging port cover tab broke on 2 phones.....Verizon refuses to stand by the failure (while still under warranty) so now the phone is not waterproof. I bought the extended battery and it is weak. Not a happy Casio customer right now. I am looking at the new Cat phone. I understand its bulletproof. May be time to escape from Verizon.

When I got the phone and went to the trouble to get everything transferred over I learned that n o one on the other end could hear anything I was saying. I was tricked.Never again

my casio Gzone Ravine 2 that I bought new 2 years ago got bit my my dog and broke the front screen.  I used it for months after that until the battery quit holding a charge.  I realized that the battery had been damaged so I new I needed a new battery.  I figured i'd be better off just getting a new phone considering that the screen was broken anyway.  because I loved this phone so much I had to have another one.  this phone is very durable and I love this it is water proof.  if you're looking for a great phone for your active lifestyle and don't want to have to commit to a &#34;smart phone&#34; this phone is for you.

UPDATE: Screen Problems (like Dunham says):I love this phone, it's absolutely the best phone I've had (including a Galaxy Nexus), but it's unusable due to an unresolved issue. The screen will reverse colors and appear mirrored after opening and closing it a couple times. The only way to fix it is to reboot. It worked fine for a few months, but everything Dunham says is true.This combined with the clock bug means two likely easy software fixes completely ruin the best phone I've used. Not sure what flip phone can compete with this, I might have to switch to a Razr.--Previous review:I'm not a smartphone person at all. I've had a Galaxy Nexus in their heyday and it didn't "do it" for me, so I decided I'm happy with flip phones. This is probably my favorite phone I've ever owned, since it emphasizes durability, one of flip phones' biggest advantages. I basically use my phone for three things: Texting, Alarm Clock, Phone Calls in that order.Texting and calls are about as good as any other phone. It doesn't feel sluggish in any regard, has a big screen, and has an amount of heft for better or worse. The biggest problem is the clock bug (which as far as I can tell has never been/will never be fixed). Every week or two, the clock will just freeze on a time (or get reset by 6 hours, or something), so your alarms won't ring or won't be correct. This phone can NEVER be trusted as an alarm clock, which is a pretty big disadvantage.Little apps and all that garbage are better than most flip phone fare, but "apps" aren't the reason to get a flip phone. The things like the Stopwatch and Star Gazing app run surprisingly well, at a high framerate. If this phone came out in 2005, it would be the absolute hotness. In 2013, I'll deal with the unfortunate clock bug for the sake of a great phone.

I purchased this phone as NEW & it arrived with NO manual & a "sticky note" that said no camera! That is NOT what I paid $285 for. I have written to seller to advise. I will indeed send back if that is the case

I bought this phone for my technologically challenged BF, He does construction work and needs a rugged phone. First of all it is easy to use and he learned it pretty quickly, it's not too complicated. (Except the text screen which he does not use anyways, the interface is not intuitive) Secondly it has survived being dropped many times and even went throught the wash and rinse cycle in the washing machine, and it still worked !!!! How many phones could survive that?? Not many. If you need a simple, rugged phone, you will love this phone.

Wanted a new phone with out being locked in a 2 year contract.  Phone was used and works prefect.  Seller said phone was like new and it was.  It worked perfect like they said it would.

I would like to complain all day about the phone but I can't. It usually has poor texting service and the clock often loses time (phone will say it's 2:14pm when it's 5:00 at night or whatever, basically the phones ability to keep time sucks) along with small buttons for us large fingered people.The Ravine 2 has surely been the toughest and longest lasting phone I have ever had. I farm for a living and have had my Ravine 2 for 15 months which is 9 months longer than any other phone has lasted and I've had mobile phones for over 10 years, it's not had an easy life and although the phone does have faults it is very well-built.My next phone will most-likely be a another Casio based on the durability of my Ravine 2, I just hope they eventually get the service bugs worked out.

Great Phone and great Price! was expecting it to be in actual new phone box, but came ingeneric box. That should be written in the description if you are buying a new item it is mostly expected.

received the 2nd phone .It has much better speaker quality than my older v860. functions very well and the camera is of a higher quality as well. Am very satisfied with my purchase.

I bought this for my fiance.  This is exactly what we were looking for.  It was refurbished but, still in excellent condition.

BLUE TOOTH FUNCTION DOES NOT WORK I WOULD USE THAT EVERY DAY!!!!! SAID IT WAS FULLY TESTED I GUESS NOT

Like this phone.  The only con for me is I am constantly undo the side  Micro SD and the card  has to be put in again and make sure the  door shuts tight.

I bought a refurbished phone that malfunctions. It turns off at it's own will. Then at times the display screen inverts making it impossibleto use without manually turning it off, then turning it back on.

I have had this phone for about 15 months. I liked it at first, until the screen acted strangely one day. I opened the phone and all the colors were wrong and the display was showing everything upside-down and backwards. That was probably after owning the phone for 8 months. I had a 1 year warranty so I brought it back and got a shiny new replacement.I had no problems with the replacement until recently. I am getting the same display problems I had before. The Verizon store workers told me they have seen this with this phone before; it is a wire that comes loose from the body to the display. My 1 year warranty is apparently good for 1 year from when I got the original phone, so now I don't have a good phone and am looking for a replacement.If you get this phone, I wish you luck and I hope you don't have this problem. Keep in mind though, the same problem has happened to me twice now and the store has seen it from others.

The first phone I was sent had a hardware defect. I was immediately sent a replacement and the replacement has worked like a charm. I charge it once every five days or so, it works after my two-year-old put it in his mouth. It works underwater, in mud, everywhere. I love this phone.

I like flip phones...can't stand the new smart phones!!  The Casio Ravine 2 is the greatest flip phone on the market and acts like a smart phone!!  It has many practical features, a great camera that I can download to my computer, and a very easy message format.  Would recommend to anyone who may be a little rough on phones...it's very durable.  I got it reconditioned, but it's condition was like new.

First on the positive side, this phone is durable and sturdy.  I like its onboard GZ zone which provides an earth compass, thermometer, info on tides, sunrise sunset times, astro calender and star gazer. Since I travel to military facilities, where cameras are not allowed, I'm able to keep my phone because it has no camera. So, for me this is a big plus.However, the clock freezes ever week or so for one hour and eleven minutes.  A friend of mine has the same cell and its clock does the same thing.  Neither Verizon nor Casio have been able to identify or correct this problem.I do not know when the clock freeze up occurs, so I can't trust the clock. This is unacceptable.

The phone was fine but my son had already bought a phone by the time I gave it to him. I had to return the phone and I am happy to say the return was VERY easy and the seller gave me NO PROBLEMS at all about returning it and getting a refund! So appreciative! Thanks!

Works good  but the charging port cover popped off 2 days after. Thank you very much for inquiring about this

Its a nice phone and I really like it a lot and I can use it for work and I am going to use it as my regular phone.

I was looking for a &#34;dumb phone&#34; that would be able to handle my messy lifestyle. So far, I have used it while taking a bath (it got quite wet) and while working outside in the mud. It's still working quite nicely! Haven't completely submerged it in water yet. I don't want to tempt fate.

everything and more. great battery life. rugged, just feels well built.no problems activating with verizon. happy with my purchase will return to seller as needs arise.

After owning the phone for a month I'm having the same display problems as everyone else. Upside down, backwards and in negative. If you haven't bought this phone yet, don't. I suggest one of the older g'zone models.

I don't like smart phones. I only text and make phone calls. This phone is perfect for that. Clear reception and very well built. And it holds up to the environment I put it through. In fact I have the original Ravine but bought this because they stopped making them.

Shortly after the warrantee was up my phone began to boot up with the display showing a mirror image and the colors wrong, like the negative of a film.  Verizon did a factory reset, and it worked for a month, but now it has quit again.

First of all, my phone was not purchased through Amazon - it was purchased from Verizon, but it's still the same phone being reviewed, and if I can save other people from the pain I'm going through, then that's what I'll do....I've been accused of being a patient person, but my Ravine 2's clock randomly falling behind is still an issue after just 5 weeks and I'm getting very upset. This is a known bug. Casio said they have a fix, but it's not a fix if I keep having to deal with it. Their apology means nothing to me. My old Casio Type-S performed wonderfully under brutal conditions for over 6 years without even getting a new battery, but this Ravine 2 might as well be junk out of the box. (There's also an issue with switching between the earpiece and speakerphone, and that's not all.)I'm confident Verizon or Casio will do nothing to reimburse costs if I need to get a different phone. (Already tried the Commando - money losing waste of time along with the Otterbox Armor clad iPhone - can I just try a phone without having to pay to try it?) Verizon does bad things to you with fees when you switch phones, even if the phone doesn't deliver what it promises.I'm reasonable person, but I have a job that requires using a phone in dusty, wet, high impact conditions. If I had a candy-like job such as a Verizon or Casio salesperson, I would have my choice of smartphones, but I don't have a candy-like job. If you also need a phone to perform under harsh conditions, trust me, the Ravine 2 can't even perform under ideal conditions....FWIW, I had to clean up this review 3 times before the "inappropriate language filter" on Verizon's website let it pass, and I didn't even use any 4-letter words.  I'm concerned that this review in its present form doesn't convey how upset I am about this phone, Verizon, and Casio.EDIT (1/27/14):  Just got an email from Verizon that said this...."Your review cannot be posted to our site.We appreciate you taking the time to provide your input on Casio G'zOne Ravine 2. Unfortunately, your review did not meet our posting guidelines.Your contributions are very important to us and the Verizon Wireless community. We encourage you to review our guidelines and resubmit your review."Seems the 3 middle paragraphs above passed the initial computer review, but not the final real person review.  No indications were given as to what part(s) of the review needed to be changed.  Am I supposed to rewrite the whole thing?  Softening my review any further would be a distortion of the truth, and I'm not going to do that.  If only I could get in touch with a real person from Verizon so we could talk about meeting my niche device needs and about making exceptions to their fee rules when certain situations warrant it....

This phone is Terrible.I would not reccomend this phone to anyone.The push to talk is especially bad,muffled and unable to understand simple words..Casio blew this one.Who test their products?Dont waste your money on this one..I cant wait until my company switches or this model is no longer available.This one will get 24 volts...

for a basic phone it does everything I need and actually has better indoor coeverage and bluetooth clarity than a previous android.

I'm very hard on phones and so far (1 month since I received it) this one is holding up just fine.  There are all kinds of features on it that I don't know how to use. so far the only one I've mastered is the thermometer. I haven't had any of the speaker issues other reviewers had problems with.  My one (very small) gripe is charging it.  It's a little more work to open the port to charge and to put the cover back on after charging.  I'm assuming this has something to do with the waterproof factor so I'm not really complaining here it if protects me in the long run when I eventually drop my phone in the pool :)

Everything is working pretty good. Buttons work, fast, and the camera and video work. Minor scratches not really noticeable though.

Great phone still in the plastic wrapped box. Works as it should and comes with everything you need for it(home charger, car charger, new battery, etc.) and with detailed instructions. Great buy if someone is looking for a most up to date rugged flip phone.

love this phone ,have had one for two years and had no problems.the phone is indestructible good reception ,water proof,and did I say indestructible???

Purchased this as a gift for a parent who didn't want a Smart Phone. Verizon wanted $199 WITH A CONTRACT RENEWAL for this item, but the price here was less than half that! It is a great phone, we threw it around a few times to test it out and dipped it in some water and it works fine.The screen is very large and clear and easy to read, it is simple to navigate if you have used flip phones in the past. The ringer is EXTREMELY LOUD, so loud that it still sometimes scares my father when it goes off (and he can't hear that well!).This is a great phone, I would certainly buy another one if I needed a flip phone or something for rugged conditions!

I paid big bucks for this phone because I'm sick of being robbed by Verizon. In retrospect, I made a HUGE mistake. If I had purchased this phone through Verizon, they would have replaced it if the phone went belly up within one year. But purchase a phone through this store, and the warranty is only for 30 days. So now I'm stuck with a really expensive phone that's DOA and has only given me 6 months of service. What a shame!
