
Battery wouldn't charge, tried for days, the phone is slow not very sturdy not a lot of options with this phone.  I would not recommend this phone.  for the money you can get something much better I myself choose the moto g and am very happy with it

As advertised, on time delivery, no issues!!  The description matched the product that I was looking to purchase and met my expectations.

Good afternoon I bought the phone from amazon and Wine detail of production as the touch screen goes crazy writing lyrics and dispersed and would like to change that eh could not hope to use your reply soon to see how I do to change it.... thanks

the phone is good and works well in Germany. I need to buy another one for myself. I love this phone.

the phone is very faulty and of no use. its also very slow the microphone not working properly and its soo small

Processor with slow performanceThe phone hangs and hangs applicationsThe WIFI is slow with this phoneThe phone does not work in HSDPA mode, only 2G (EDGE).

so far i like it it has more than i expected when i travel with it and add the second sim i will be able to give a better review

I don't usually post a review, but this phone was a waste of time and money.  The Google Play app did not work on either of the phones that we got even though we did the factory reset, downloaded the apps and even tried using the Google Play through the browser.  I saw on another website that Google Play app problems are common with this phone.  Don't waste your time or money like we did!

although the phone looks new .it gave alot of problem. first it was the screen not swiping as it should then whenever you turn the phone on there was an error message  on the screen. come to find out the software wasn't good in the phone. i sell phones to customer and it makes my bussiness looks bad whenever a customer has to bring back a phone . thats wyy it pisses me off whenever i trust a seller to buy an item and its doesnt work..

I bought this phone for my personal use here in US and for use abroad.I must say this completely a piece of junk and crap i bought,the processor is extremely slow the screen get held it get worse if you down load some apps like Skype,face book,or what's app,camera quality is also not good i mean with a 5 megapixel you expect  some quality,over all i waste my money so my sans-ere advice to anyone do not buy this product.

This had a lot of damage not to meant it had a broken screen and they wont let me return this website is bogussss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  BOYCOTTT BOYCOTT BOYCOTT

I was looking for a new smartphone with dual sim capabilities and a suitable app availability that would keep me up to date with the newest communication technologies. It met quite well my requirements and I'm very satisfied with it.

I received the phone in apparently good conditions, but after 2 hours of being used, no calls, no internet, only looking at the functions, it got blacked-screen. I thought that happened because it needed to be charged, so I left it charging but nothing happeded. It turns on, but you can't see nothing but a slight green-yellow line. I talked to a Samsung technician and he told me it was the screen, and for a &#34;new&#34; phone, it's weird that the screen gets wrong so easy without a crash or a fall, so he thinks this cell phone is refurbished.I would like to know what the seller has to say about this, cause I supposedly bought a new product. If I get it repaired, the screen will be more expensive than the phone, cause here in Venezuela we have an exchange control. I bought the phone for $204, and the screen price here in Venezuela is about $270.

Extremely slow.Internet connection doesn't work.People can't hear me when I try to call.Secondary line doesn't work.Don't waste your money, it sucks.You can't open documents, pictures, emails, internet.

Hello, I would like to know why this model of  Samsung doesn`t  work in play store applications, it doesn`t open.Please let me know what I can do about it, awaiting for your prompt reply, thank you,Carolina

great phone good prize  ,easy to operate  ,bought this a month ago just like my little toy it works great

This phone is slow, can't run more than one app, And even that is like pulling teeth. I had to return it because it's not worth the money at all! I can barely text on this damn thing.

The phone is not a original phone and his funcionality is not good.This is a bad and fake phone

Nice phone, I love it has two sim cards! Very light and quite simple to use! Thanks a lot also for the American adaptor! Nice service!

The internet only work with wifi. I canceled my internet plan because once I left the house the internet would not work. Its slow!

It's not worth the money. After two months it stopped working and won't turn on. The battery is dead and unfortunately you can't get an exchange given you only have one month warranty after the purchase.

Bought 2 Samsung Duo S7562 . One right now is screen frozen, does not respond to screen touch, can't receive calls when you want to, second one screen is blank, does not charge when plugged in. I think the Duo is a Poor product.

Very good phone and works perfect in Venezuela, nice design and quality of materials. The earphones sound very well. I highly recommend.

it is quite normal. it gets stuck sometimes. One of the phones cannot be used because it came badly unlocked in chinese, and does not allow access to the playstore

This phone is a very good. I am from Nicaragua and here work perfectly. With two companies telecomThe 3G is slow, but solve with wifi.Thanks

The Samsung Galaxy s7562 duos unlocked. Working why Telcel and Moviestar and other friends have ok bye View Conversation on Facebook de

The phone is very very slow. I dont like, the performance is like 90s phone. Double chip work ok. Bye

NOT ORIGINAL SAMSUNG PHONE. CHINESE FAKE PHONE. I HAVE SOFTWARE PHONE PROBLEM, POWER AND VOLUMEN BUTTON PROBLEM , AND APP PROBLEM

Do not buy this item for nothing is what you expect, the Chinese software is nothing to do with the samsungBesides coming with a defect with keysthe Scamreally DisappointedNo compren este articulo para nada es lo que uno espera, el software es chino nada que ver con la samsungAdemas de venir con un defecto con las teclasLa EstafaRealmente Decepcionado

I really liked this phone but ended up returning it because I was unable to figure out how to change the default language from Chinese to English. Making the switch using the drop-down menu only changed the language of a few of the menu items and apps. All the rest, including the default language, remained in Chinese. I made several attempts using various ways found via Google, but nothing worked.In addition to this, the camera did not work.

Terrible device. Extremely slow and it fails everytime.Since it is a Samsung and Android 4, you expect a good phone. But it is not even reliable.Worst phone i have ever had.Don't buy it! I know it is dual sim and if you need, better buy cheaper from ChinaP.S. Did i mention it is the wose phone i ever had? Well, in fact is worse than the worst.

the description of items and specifications agreed with the statement made by the supplier, I am well satisfied with the product recido and the time came

it came on time, I've been using it for a mounth and has no complaints about it. if you want a dual sim phone this is a good one.

It wasn't what I thought it would be so I don't use it, it's still in box and I only charged in once and used once but what's what I wanted

The phone  tis excellen I like but little small

I am just getting to use this phone and I am AMAZED at all the features.  Dual SIM is great since I am currently living overseas.  Seller was awesome too.  I would highly recommend this phone!

This smartphone has a mind of its own. Its always painfully slow, doesnt text or open apps always, will restart itself whenever, poor cam flash, but looks nice and nice price

i only have this phone for 2weeks now and its already gone bad the screen turned white and started to flicker nonstop a real waste of time and money. this phone is definately a refurbished phone not new

This is an international phone, I ordered 2 of these and 1 was ok but the other had issues. Not real fast and definitely not for game apps. Ok for a first phone. Had to return 1 because the wording was in Chinese/Japanese even when I set it to English. Other 1 seems to be working ok.

The function is fine. And it supports two GSM cards.But it cannot use 3G for T-mobile. Only &#34;E&#34; (Edge) is available.I think it is due to the supported bands are 850/900/18001900 but T-mobile 3G is 1700MHz.If it is not this case or anyone knows the work around, please let me know.Thanks very much.

EVERYTHING IS EXPECTED AS THERE WAS NO PROBLEM AND PRODUCT MEETS EXPECTATIONS MY VERY GRATEFUL THANK GOD FOR ALL GOOD

I had no idea this phone was not supported by Samsung. I just received this phone and it did not work correctly. I called Samsung for Tech help and they said I have to call the country it was made in, Which I would have to pay International phone cost to get tech help, there is no 800#. when you buy a new product it should work. Now, I guess the only thing to do is tbpayfd Shipping to send it back. The only problem is that I just xfaed my phone # to this phone, so I will be without A phone untilthisis resolved

personally I do not like big phones as they don't fit well on pockets (men love to carry stuff on pockets :) ) so this Samsung is definitively a choice for me.  Small, light, fast... love it

I like it so far for the simple fact, I just got it yesterday! Still trying to figure out some things! But over all its better than my old Samsung by far!

Got this phone because my Galaxy Y screen was too small and I regret it. The touch screen is so imprecise it opens apps when you want to slide the screen. The keyboard is terrible. It is near impossible to use. The galaxy Y with smaller screen was much better.

Phone came in unused condition and fired up fine but when going to activate it to our already existing verizon plan as a replacement phone it was not recognized and could not be activated.

Fastshipment

It 's my first Sansung. I had a Blackberry before it. SO NICE! I'll buy another one to my husband. The cam is very good.I

This phone look nice I buy new phone but they send me use phone and the apps don't work it won't open. I had to send it back

Great cellphone a&ntilde;os Smsrtphone...  good product and 2 sincard is amazing...... Recomend 100%  thanks very much  Samsung very vey  amazing

This phone has being the most terrible smartphone I ever got. Both of them cannot support video calling like SKYPE,TANGO,VIBER.The phones start freezing the 1st day of utilization when you open 2 two apps at the same time or in 3 way call. Samsung need to send this back to the drawing board.thanks.

I like the packaging and time it takes to reach. My only problem is that it came with a plug that I have no idea where to use it. Its the first am seeing those plugs.

this phone did not work as i expect I think it's not a real phone from samsumg, I do not recommend it,

I am very disappointed in this phone.  I have always used another brand and decided to switch to the Samsung and boy do I regret it! This phone basically has to live on a charger. Not worth the money in my books. Would not recommend it to anyone. Also the screen is not as sensitive as it should be, simply trying to answer the phone can be a challenge.

I have a question about that phone,I already buying and Receive from you but problem is when I buy I was thinking this phone is  new how you saying ?but when i receive the phone the phone is not new and the phone has 2 problems ?1.Battery is not working2.when I'm working or when I'm talking in the phone, the phone  is blocked and I have to take battery out and to put battery in after that is going to work 1-2h  and sometime when I have in my packet when I see the phone is switch off

The phone is ok i guess, i not really liking the duo sim. couldn't get phone turned on for use

I bought this phone two month ago and I can say it is quite good. Nice features all most can do everything. But what I don't like is the part that the applications can't move to external sd card.This phone doesn't posses a lote of memory and the fact of not be able to manage my apps is frustrating.

I honestly don't know where to begin with this phone? This was a gift for my sister and she totally loves it and she the envy of all that sees its capability. Everyone wants one.  Its a great phone.

We have consumer cellular as a carrier and assumed that this phone would work with our plan. We could get phone calls and texting to work, but couldn't use data over the cell network. We were told it would not work after calling consumer cellular directly, but we figured out how - you have to manually configure the APN on the phone. After doing so, the internet works fine over the cell network.This link was helpful: [...]According to the consumer cellular FAQ ([...] click on "I have a non-Consumer Cellular phone. How do I set up messaging and web access?"). Then enter the settings provided (which are also below):Service Name  MMS  WebProxy Address  proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.com  &lt;blank>Proxy Port  80  &lt;blank>Proxy Push  Disabled  EnabledAuthentication Type  Secure  SecureUsername (CSD/GPRS)  &lt;blank>  &lt;blank>Password (CSD/GPRS)  &lt;blank>  &lt;blank>GPRS access point  att.mvno  att.mvnoHomepage  [...]  [...]This would have been good to know, especially since the tech help at consumer cellular did not tell us about it - instead told us to 'try the phone outside.' Any other carrier probably has specialized APN settings too.Pros:Screen has nice, bright colorsGreat feature set for the priceCons:Approx one day battery lifeSound adjust is extremely easy to bump on accidentWe haven't found a decent case for the phoneHope this helps!

This phone doesn't work well. It is not for International use. The speed is way too slow. Don't buy it.

Very disappointed!! Delivery did not come on time, when it arrived battery won't work dead in less than 24hrs. after charging it 100%!! Then I need to return the item within 2days as it won't work with AT&T.;Please do not buy, do not waste your money on this!!!

Hi, I can not use my mobile phone because its touch screen does not work and it is a new brand. What can I do on that case.

My only real complaint is that electronics these days don't come with instruction books.  I know you can go on line somewhere and find some sort of instructions. Usually I get my 10 year old grand daughter to explain it.

the phone is perfect. It works perfect for Argentina providers. The delivery was fast enough. everything was in ok although I had to pick it up at the post office.

Got this device for my wife for international travel. It works great and she loves it.

thanks and the product came to our hands, it is excellent, good design, easy to use, useful for those people who need to be connected with social networking and other applications on your taste.

Sorry, I had to return this phone..

This phone is always freezing up. It started working good and then all of a sudden it start to freeze up. I have expreience it about five times since I have the phone.

THE PHONE IS VERY SLOW.NO SHOWS ON THE SCREEN THE INCOMING CALLS.SAMSUNG GIVES ME NO ANSWER TO MY PROBLEM.DO NOT RECOMMEND.

The phone came broken. I had so much expectations for this phone after reading the specifications but I was so disappointment when I opened it and the menu button was falling out; I didn't have any option than to return it back to seller.

This was a gift to my sister. She likes the phone but says it runs slow. It's worth it to just get a better phone for more money. It's ok for the price u pay for it.

I liked a lot of this cell because, its the best dual chip android you can find every where, I Hope soon the top top line cell became dual.

Met expectations. Arrived on time.Works well with T-mobile service. Like the color and design. Like dual sim card feature, as I have a card from overseas that is active. Can receive text messages on both cards.

Hi, can anybody tell me if this phone comes unlocked? I just need that info in order to get mine!!!

The cellphone samsung galaxy s duos s7562 I bought  a week ago only has 1.6 GB internal storage, and it's not as described 4 GB internal storage. How to return this cellphone?

The phone is good but the largest issue is that you cannot save apps or photos or music onto the SD card therefore phone storage is incredibly low.

I purchase two of these phones over the Christmas holidays and is very delighted with this purchase. The phone worked flawlessly out of the box and has the same great features as the more expensive Galaxy S3.

The phone seems slow and freezes a lot. I have to restart it a lot. It is not as high quality as I would expect from Samsung, but I guess for the price it is alright.

I purchased a phone in anticipation of a a trip to Europe.  My package arrived today and was surprised when I cut the seal on the box.  The phone was not in the seemingly factory sealed Samsung box.  The charger and a couple of European plugs where there.  I found 4 AA batteries placed in the box, I assume to simulate the weight of the phone, yet there was not a phone.  To say the least, I am disappointed.

I am still having problems with the phone charger so please I want a new chargers. I did not ordered 2 phones at the same type

This product is user friendly and very handy. I didnt expect that the size is just fine and you can carry them easily.

The phone was purchased as a birthday gift and it is amazing. The dual sim capacity works perfectly and the features are excellent. The tone quality is also great and hearing clarity is perfect. I would definitely get another!The dual sim works well, I have no complaints. The features are also excellent. I definitely recommend.

nswerHiI don't know about Venezuela, i guess it will work. I bought my phone in USA and the phone is working in Brazil, where I live.

this dual sim phone works as advertised.  It is a low cost option for a good phone that functions on GSM networks everywhere Ive taken it so far.  it uses full size SIM cards so no questionable cutting involved as many foreign countries do not yet widely sell micro or nano chips, such as central America and Eastern Europe.  Allows for easy SMS on either SIM and options to allow messaging from one service while on a call using the other SIM service.THIS PHONE IS SLOW!  Do not buy if you are hoping to get a powerhouse of a phone.  Apps run slow, GPS can lag and on occasion it will freeze.  It does allow you to stay informed on the network if communication is vital while traveling.  Email, Facebook and other social and information apps such as Bloomburg and news apps work normally, albeit a little slow.Works with Movistar and Claro in Nicaragua, Life:) in Ukraine, as well as networks in Honduras, Venezuela, Brazil, Mexico, Romania, Russia, Poland and Moldova.  NOT A 4G PHONE.

Okay, So I will promptly leave a longer feedback message then normal because this phone DOES have a lot of mixed reviews.The phone itself is a solid phone, I had to get it to replace my older LG Dynamic. I wanted a phone with a larger pixel dimensions (Bigger screen) and a something faster.That is exactly what I got. Now, however, if you do not have a Sims Card, you will need to buy one. I needed to buy one because the LG Dynamic -As far as I know- does not have a place to use a Sims, and while I am on Straight Talk I had to order a Sims. The only thing that bothers me would be the fact that I have no idea if a T-moblie or AT&T; Sims card will still work if I am using Straight Talk.If your phone is running slow, this is what you NEED TO DO.Uninstall all the apps that you will not use (The apps that came with the phone that are not installed on the ROM).Go over to your Google Play store and go to Settings, TURN OFF automatic updates.--Now something I would do, but you don't really have too--Root your phone and install Titanium Backup.back up all apps that are on the phoneAnd remove apps you will not use from the ROM...Like ChatOn.All and all, I really needed to leave a feedback message on this item because I was not really liking the mixed reviews.Also, if you plan on reading all of the reviews, and you live in the US or Canada, disregard any comment made about Venezuela. Sorry, that has really been bugging me a lot..

Hi..I purchased this phone as my standbye phone. It is a good peice for a normal price.All necessary functions are available to ocmply with smartphone status.

I have used this cellphone for about one month and it serves well. I recommend it strongly. High price ratio.

This phone arrived packaged very well. It arrived in the allotted time. I like almost everything about this phone. I didn't want a big phone that stuck out of my hand. So the size is favorable. I agree with some of the reviews that the battery drains fast if your running apps but that is understood. I haven't had trouble with dropped calls. The sim went right in out of my old phone and worked. It picks up the router fine in my house. I can use this phone when I travel to the Philippines or other southeast Asian countries without taking my US sim out. This phone works on Guam USA.

I think this phone is an affordable choice for those who need a double chip telephone.At times it seems a bit slow, like it crashed few times with Skype, and it freezes quite often.As i said though, if you are looking for a double sim, android based samsung phone, this is the most affordable you can get.

I would not advise any one I know to purchase this product. They don't even provide you with instructions on it's usage. They sent it a foreign language that was not English, the sound quality is not good at all. Do not waste your money!

Not happy that it does not work in Costa Rica, southern pacific area especially. The one they sent me is only 2G and they use 3+4 here. The techs down here said it will work in the cities only. Had to go back to my other phone which thankfully I did not discard. If I was in the usa I would return this for single SIM.

This is literally the worst phone I have ever had. It is brand new but freezes and functions like it's 5 years old. It's made of the flimsiest material ever. I don't think it even has a processor. Every function takes forever and I don't even have any apps downloaded! Try making a call -- it will freeze up and dial random numbers or just exit out of the screen entirely 20 times before you get it to just do what you want. WHY ARE THEY STILL ISSUING THIS PHONE? The only good thing about this phone is the sound -- nice and loud. Some phones actually fail at that. But at this point, I would rather have ANY other phone than this one. I've had it for 4 days, and I'm ready to throw it into the nearest Florida canal. SAMSUNG - EPIC FAIL. Don't buy this...seriously. For the price? Highway robbery.

Only 1.78G when I check in device storage, but the spec indicates 4G. It's not good even it does't impact the basic feature.

I had buy this phone end January and this work until april. I cant find one way to fix the problem. The amazon don't allow I contac the seller for see if can fix or replace. I hate this. If I go to a normal store I just have my phone fix or replace.

DONT WORK GOOD THE QUALITY IS NOT GOOD PRODUCT

the team is good but like everything else, has its downside and me is this: the team is 2g and not as touted in the sales page, I mean it's not 3g HSDPA. and is a major disadvantage as the telephone companies in Venezuela are working with that band. therefore we give it three stars.

I have set alarms on it that have not went off at the time set to go off. and have not been able to adjust my setting as I want them

I recieved the phone two days ago and i went to charge it but i think its a broken receiver, its not reading that its plugged in.

Sometimes we read the review from another people o dont get the product so from my opini&oacute;n the real true is the se cell is a great smartfhone is fast the pic al most wintout flash are execellent quality the two sim work with company you can answer both call everything is great in this cell

Great quality phone, the shipping was fast and the phone was definitely unlocked. Even though it lags a little, it was great and definitely worth buying :)

I COULDN'T ACTIVATE IT, IT WAS WORTHLESS TO ME.  WOULDN'T BUY ANOTHER ONE.  NOT A GOOD EXPERINCE....SORRY I WASTED MY TIME

I purchased this phone unlocked so I can use it where I live in Central America.  A few days of having it and using it, I noticed that the reaction was very slow, but didn't take it too seriously.  It turns out that after a month, it really is a very slow reacting phone and I want to understand why.  To open an app, it takes about 15-20 seconds for anything to react.  I thought the phone would offer good value for the price, etc...it turns out that you really do get what you pay for.Worst of all, I contact Samsung Tech Support (which is what Amazon suggested) and they traced my IMEI number and the model.  It turns out it was manufactured in Pakistan which means I have to call Pakistan to get any sort of technical support, which is a huge deal if you're living in Central America.It's frustrating to find a phone, trust a retailer, and find out a the end that the phone isn't even working right and worst off, you can't even find a solution to the phone's problems.LESSON:  FIND OUT WHO THE MANUFACTURER IS before making a purchase that could require some sort of technical support.  The Seller also noted that the phone used a micro SIM card, it does not, it uses a regular sim.  I already had a micro sim which is why I targetted a micro sim card phone.  This review is also on the Seller in that they didn't disclose the info correctly or doesn't know their products enough to know that even if it was a manufacturer error -they weren't aware of it. Sellers should know what they are distributing, no?  I guess in a perfect world, yes.

Samsung is a rip-off . This is the worst type of phone in the world I left comments for the seller and even tried to return it and they ignored it the worst 270 investment ever.

We signed up with Consumer Cellular and received a simple Motorola phone, which we got good signal reception.  No dropped calls, no problems.  We wanted to cancel our wired phone and dial-up internet connection, so we purchased the Samsung Galaxy S Duos s7562 to use as a phone and an internet hotspot for our computers.The Duos was not receiving any signal and it wasn't until I worked with Consumer Cellular tech support, that I discovered it was not really misconfigured or broken.  By climbing to the roof on a nearby building, I was able to connect and place a telephone call.  It reminds me of the &#34;Green Acres&#34; telephone situation, which was mounted on a phone pole, due to the lack of wire, at the time of installation.Other than that, the device looked neat and might be fine for someone who lives and works in a strong signal area.  This may or may not reflect on the results you get with your own Samsung Galaxy phone.

I have made some phone calls and text, I have no problem whit it. Great cellphone for the price. Easy to operate, android 4.0 but the speed system isn't so good,  but for this price its a greaaaat deal

I think the charge plug is not fit in  the USA,Do you have not another one,if you have. It will much better.

This was a gift for somebody else, but they seem to be very pleased with it so far.  I can't give an in-depth review since i've never used it, but in my opinion all Samsung Android phones are awesome.

thank you very much I am very satisfied with my purchase I received it in perfect condition and the transit time was in his time. I'm really happy because this cell sansumg Duos Galaxy 7562 is what I was looking for. muchjas grace! I love it!

Thanks, I liked the product.  Only reason i gave it four stars is some minor things, like the flimsy looking charger cable, looks real tiny as if it will soon break and the white headset for a black phone.

the telephone was working 2g (it saiid is 3 g) is very slow and sometimes i didnt have coverage in areas that im normally have it  very disapointed

It is the lightest and fast mobile phone I recommend for everyday use, for people who are just starting to use Android devices. And because you can use two SIM cards, I have no need for the tedious walk with two handsets, but only this spectacular phone. I highly recommend.

Whilst I found that the phone had nice features, I was having trouble connecting to the local network. So one minute I can call and receive call but another time I can't make calls and receive calls.  This would happen throughout the day. I would have to constantly restart it to get it to function for about an hour. This became very annoying quickly.  I'm not sure if it's the phone itself or if there is a problem registering on the network.

The product meets expectations. The check for the Amazon.com page and adjusted to my needs and to make a gift. With a good price.

Delivery, I thought it could be faster, but the advantages of the phone, outweigh the inconvenience. This was the second attempt to buy it, because the former had no availability

It does work all over the world, but you do have to buy a sim card for the locations your at.  Great purchase...the GPS was awesome from Japan, to the Philipines, to Hawaii.

I love my new device it does everything I need it to do, and I have always wanted one and now I have it.

Works great, lots of features, easy to use and easy to read.  Got it for my son and he loves it.  Getting one for myself.

Got delivered the day before the actual delivery date posted :) Love the Phone! It's so cool! I love how tiny it is! It fits perfectly in my pocket! I wish I'd gotten this phone earlier! I'm IN LOVE!

This phone is almost identical to the Galaxy SIII mini in looks and functionality, minus one core of the processor and around 250MB of RAM. I wanted a 4&#34; inch android phone for my mom and I knew I didnt need a fancy dual-core phone since my mom wont be playing heavy duty games on it but would just want an easy to use phone which she can use to connect to people via Skype, Whatsapp, Viber etc. This phone does the job. Good battery life, equipped with Android ICS. This is more than what you can ask for in $210.

The phone met all my expectations and I have recommended it to all my friends who are also recommending it to their friends..

It is a good phone, but it is slow. It has low processing speeds and  sometimes take times to load. It gets stuck most of the time. Very pretty though

the worse cell phone ever !!! &#8230; really slow for everything and a few days after y bought it, with a little hit, the screen totally broke and stopped working .. NOT RECOMENDED  !!!

so not wht I was wanting gave it to my daughter

The Samsung GT-S7562L Galaxy S Duos is a very good dual chip smartphone. It has fulfilled my expectations. I recommend it!

this smart phone is very slowly, and is bad, because you connect to charge and it show you that is charging, but wend you unplug it! the smart phone show you that still connect and charging, but you have unplug it. Wen I turn off, and I turn on again, it only show you the samsung logo and then turn off, I have to remove the battery and put it again and until then it turn on. I really am disappoint with this smart phone

This phone doesn't seem to work well. I guess it doesn't fit with the service providers. I am still deciding whether to keep it so see if it works in other countries besides USA but I can't use it. I am using my old phone.

I've had it for 6 months and it's USELESS. Calls take forever to go through, up to a minute...I used to blame the phone company, but how wrong was I, it is the phone. Now I'm unable to hear anything when I get a call. The caller can hear me but I'm unable to hear the caller, not even with headphones on. Phone restarts on it's own. The battery won't last more than a few hours if the Wi-Fi option is on, battery gets totally drained. Instead I've bought an Lg Optimus L7 Ii Dual Sim P715 and it's FANTASTIC. I don't know if I'm super impressed because it does what it should: makes calls and I can hear the caller. Plus, when I dial a number, the call goes through immediately...as a phone should do!! I'm weary of Samsung now.

What shocked me when the phone arrived was how small it was. It felt and looked like a Samsung mini and not a regular Samsung Galaxy size.

I USED WITH MY TWO CHIP AND IS SO POWERFULL AND CLEAR VOICE.

I bought the device to work with two SIMs. And you can not do anything with him because he's a fake. It's just another annoying, and I can not return because I'm not in the United States.

DON'T BUY !!!Google play store not working. unable to reset or update.It took me since the date receiving till today, working more than 7 days. I think I'll return it

I haven't actually used 2 sim cards in the phone yet but so far the phone is working perfectly.  I intend to use additional sim card when I go on vacation in September of this year. After that I would be able to give a complete review of it. But so far I love the phone. Downloading apps is faster than my Samsung Vibrant.  Picture quality too is good.

goodnight I address you from the need presented to me and you make a purchase of a samsung cell duos the December 28, 2013 which have not been removed from the offices of liberty as I express are demanding a document that appears traiking a number of which does not appear on my amazon account and they told me dirijiera directly to amazon to make my arrival, hope you can help me because it is something of great value ... thanks before hand and waiting for a prompt and positive response from you.carefully;DESIREE LOZANO

I am really happy i have my phone it seems amazing i haven't been able to use it thought because for some odd reason it did not come with a sim card which is a little nuts. Amazon wont send me a sim card nor will the people who i bought it from on amazon so i am slightly disappointed.

I love my new cell phone. It has many apps and the camera is very good as well as many other features.

The product was delivered in perfect condition and has met my expectations.I was surprised when I turned on the machine because the menu was in Chinese, but everything was ok when I selected the appropriate language.The only point I did not like was the view of the text messages that are a little disorganized for a device from Samsung.But overall I really liked it and would recommend the product.

Its a great little phone--didn't work with my intended provider but that's more the fault of the provider-- good luck

Its a beautiful phone, It does everything that I expect and more, So the Amazon is the only way to shop.

I had the phone for less than two months and the touch screen stopped working.  I would not recommend this to anyone.  After having the phone for two weeks I started to experience problems.  The phone was dropping calls and I had to remove the battery and put it back in for it to work on many occasions.

This was a bad purchase.  the phone is slow, freezes us frequently and is awfully slow when browsing.  The worst phone I have every owned.

It's a good cell phone, but I didn't expected that the default language was Chinese.... But it look a good phone

How can the battery be charged itself, it is loosing power after short time, almost 24 hours after it should be recharged again. Please advise.

Nokia Lumia phones are far better. However the quality of Nokia phones are expected to decline now that Microsoft is in control.

It does what it suppose to do and they really like it. It's hard to find things for the phone like a hard case and etc.

As soon it arrived got my 2 sim cards into the device and start working smooth, no problems what so ever, so bu it if you need to have 2 active/active sim cards.

es muy bueno cumple necesitaba un nuevo celular y este es el mejor tiene la capacidad de colocarle 2 lineas

SPENT A TOTAL OF $411 AND ABOUT 8-9 HOURS OF MY TIME TO FIND OUT THAT THE PHONE IS LOCKED NOT UNLOCKED. VERY DISAPPOINTED AND UPSET BECAUSE I REALLY WANT THE PHONES. HOPEFULLY THEY CAN SEND TWO UNLOCKED PHONES IN REPLACEMENT...NOT TOO HAPPY WITH THEIR SERVICE.

I can't get on the internet so none of the apps work, and it took a tech 2 1/2 hours just to get my phone and text working. So I really can't tell you how the phone is. Can't use most of it???

This will fall in the class of buyers (or losers) remorse. Priced just right and buying as gift for someone.

This phone is for the Chinese market and it will come with a bunch of Chinese apps, keyboard, characters, messages, dialogs, etc. And it is NOT possible to easily get rid of it in the settings. I even tried to reset the phone to start fresh and configure everything in English but no luck. It looks like the Chinese config is in the firmware or something. Anyways, after half hour of pure frustration I am just returning this problem and getting something for the American market on best buy. And I will be sure to ask them if there is any Chinese characters in there.

Phone arrived ok and on time. The price is good and the phone is easy to operate. It is just what I was looking for.

Great product, surpassed my expectations. Came with all accessories. Works well. Light weight. I am in the process of ordering a few more to use as gifts

The phone is Excellent, the Samsung Galaxy is the future phone, and I am happy with this product. It is magnific phone.

O celular &eacute; excelente. Melhor do que eu poderia esperar. E a empresa que o vendeu entregou o celular antes da data marcada. Outra excelente surpresa. Recomendo o celular e a loja que o vendeu.

no because this producted phone  is bad and not say to any to the contact from other country, and i can t use this in venezuela

What a disaster!this cell is a rubbish.it is really a mess, because we can get what we want (to call) at the begginig we seem like everything is ok but their components don't work, the battery is always warm and each second warmer than tha last one, and when it has passed 5 minutes the phone shut down.how is it possible? you're really selling a defeat phone and now you dont want to get the money, you are stilling my money.i don't want to talk bad about the samsung device, but i am talking about the bad device that i received from your company( it is a mess) what a disaster

I really like the phone,its a little smaller than expected it works very well so far came new in a box money well spent.

I really like this phone! It's easy to handle and works well with the Kolbi system here in Costa Rica. A couple of observations: It came with a 220 plug for the charger and no adapter. Fortunately my old phone was a Samsung so I had the correct plug for a 110 outlet. There was a slip of paper explaining that when initially started up the language would be in Polish. I suggest that notice could be printed on more noticeable paper? It was an easy change to make but if someone missed the notice, they would be a bit disconcerted! I'm a Senior and not the most tech savvy person on the planet so I appreciate a device that operates without too much fuss and bother. This phone fits the bill.

Mis saludos, excelente SAMSUNG me encant&oacute; ya me llegaron las dos gracias lo recomiendo.My greetings, excellent SAMSUNG loved me and came through the two I recommend.

The phone was tested with the three existing operators in Venezuela (Movistar, Digitel and Movilnet) and works with any 3G service only works with 2G and cell slow Internet browsing.

One of te sim card, the number 2 don't work, is broken and I just can have one number now

THIS PHONE APPARENTLY WAS NOT TRULY UNLOCKED, I WAS UNABLE TO CONNECT IT WITH MY SERVICE PROVIDER THROUGH ANY NETWORK. I SENT IT BACK!!!

This phone sticks all the time and takes long to switch to another app. Not what I expected!!! Thinking about giving it away.

This is a great little phone. I've been using it for around six months (outside the US without problems, so it was unlocked) and it works perfectly fine. Its touchscreen is sensitive and fast and it's so cute! I use it with only one SIM, so I wouldn't know how it'd go with two... but with one, it runs great. The one downside is the memory. For some reason, it's started to bug me about not having enough memory to work properly, although I've deleted most of the apps (I have literally only four apps installed, not even Facebook, and no games) and photos... Not sure why I get that message sometimes. That's the reason I don't give it five stars but, all in all, I recommend it.

works great, no issues1 att sim 1 t-mobile data simbetter than knock off brands, samsung quality, not an s3 but  dual sim is what i needed

have the same satisfaction as with this model ...thank you very much i love this product i recommended a 100% to everyone need a dual sim mobile ( work very well in venezuela)

Excellent phone, I gave my girlfriend and super happy with this totally original sealed wine with all accessories and works great with movilnet, the only thing is that the internal memory is 2GB not 4GB as the specifications say, but the phone works perfectly, totally recommended ... I went back to make another purchase with this seller since I trust genus two new models samsung galaxi mini s3, await his arrival soon and I have the same satisfaction as with this model ...

the phone never works the home key was broken i dont know what happens?First time I think was not prove it before

the phone seems not the original Chinese version, They received it in bad conditions, on and off buttons do not work, should explain in your ad that is an aftermarket phone samsung thanks

First of all. This product is really brand new (I'd my doubts). It came with its plastics films (front, rear and sides) with no scratches or evidence of previous manipulating. I'm really glad and satisfied for that.  I bought two identical phones, they were delivered in estimated date (paying for expedited shipment). It's my first experience with an android but i think this one is really a good alternative for a first smart android phone. I've read that this model is pretty slow but i can assure is faster than my Coby Kyros  MID1042 and this is enough for me. I can surf internet at acceptable rates, even in hsdpa or WIFI. Connect 3G, HSDPA and wifi barely detected. Screen is pretty good too. It comes with Google  Play Store. Only one reason i don's give 5 stars: POOR BATTERY LIFE. This apart, it's a good, strong, stable and pretty compatible device. The double sim card feature works fine too. I have Digitel and Movilnet sims in mine and have no problem with that. I can receive calls  from both operators at the same time.I love this phone and  really recommend it.

this thing it's hard to call a phone, it's wannabe phone and really it's a silly toy for kids.What's is wrong with phone companies theses days? can I get somewhere today a device that I can make a phone call quickly?Yes I found, blackberry Q10 which just replaced that piece of junk galaxy duos.

it's a good nice phone but it is a little slow because it runs on a 3G network rather than a 4G which I didn't expect you also have to get you a phone program with the correct APN so that it works properly with your data services.

The package arrived on time but looked forcibly closed. As if it has been opened previously and not put back the way it was.The back cover of the phone itself does not completely click right into place and always leaves a gap which springs back out each time you press it back. Android on this phone is jittery and gets stuck on a daily basis, even with only two or three apps running and half a gig of free memory, it keeps hampering.I know that for just shy of two hundred bucks I shouldn't expect much but this is a purchase I regret, epecially with the Moto G in the same price range.

Really like the phone except its Wi-Fi MAC address changing. Have to return it this time. Might try to buy another one to see whether i got some luck.

I had always wanted a dual sim phone of a high quality and the Samsung Galaxy S Duos is in my view the best option.  I would certainly recommend this magnificent gadget to anyone in search of the convenience of having two cellphones in one.

I love the phone, however it seem to have a fault it is extremely slow and would not save you in an emergency. I will be making a call and it is not responding sometimes until 3-5 minutes. It is so frustrating and I wish I could return it for a different once seeing this May have a factory fault. I thought maybe it's the second sim why it was sooooooo slow so I removed one and it's no different. Please please help me. Thanks. I spent all that money and may soon have to get another phone. Please, thanks

nice looking and handy phone, but after a day or two it just gets super slow. Every app you open takes forever to work and function, taking pictures takes forever etc. and picture quality is horribleNo problems with writing messages and calling, but since it is a smartphone you expect to be able to do a liiittle more with it than just call and text. It's just a pain. I wouldn't get it again, it's worth spending a little more money on a phone that won't make you wanna throw it on the wall just because it keeps freezing and taking forever to load or open apps

I purchased this device from aSavings (fulfilled by Amazon). As it was a present for my daughter who uses it pretty much for playing Android games I didn't bother to setup Data or files backup for the phone until yesterday as my daughter took some pictures and videos and tried to save them to her Apple laptop. I downloaded the intended Samsung's KIES application for that purpose and after numerous unsuccessful attempts to connect the DUOS device with the software, both on MS Windows and Apple OSX platforms I found out that there was a &#34;little problem&#34; for Samsung's software to recognize it: it's not an original Samsung Cell Phone. In fact, it's a Mediatek MT65xx Samsung GT-S7562 clone that could &#34;fool&#34; the Google's App Store and even the Samsung App Store but can't be updated or restored in case of necessary, won't work/connect with Samsung's present or future media software and applications and has no support at all from any authorized Samsung dealer anywhere in the world. Thinking that I could buy an HTC with bigger screen device for the same money so I feel very disappointed with this purchase. Fortunately for me, the device is working fine as intended by now so I would sell it ASAP.

I get the package on Monday 11 May and that predicted from the phone applications Habren does not get stuck or simply do not work and you change the language and it comes in Chinese and the ad said I had 1 gb memory ran and is not it

Have it working in Mexico and its great! i dont have any trouble using it,this phone is totally recommended

Work good in compare to the low prince payed. The cell it`s a little slow in multiprocess and the front camera it is not that good.

Because it wasnt what i expected but ot works really good.i still love it. The device itself is not bad.But if more improvement could be put onto itIt will be better

LOVE MY NEW PHONE!  I'm a &#34;soccer mom&#34;  so I needed a phone that helped me get to places (alarm/calendar/planner) and I also wanted an FM radio and it has it!!! sorry but sometimes you just need to do some things the old fashioned way

I bought this unlocked phone for a prepaid plan instead of getting a contracted phone with extra data costs. This works perfectly for my purposes. The dual sim is also an extra convenience when traveling, instead of having to purchase a different phone abroad.

this phone never worked good , it does not read both sim cards and the screen cannot rotate also at startup there is a yellow exclamation mark from the first day. very very dissapointed with this phone the seller should at least have it checked before shipping.

All that one can expect from a smart phone, great Capacitya, perfect design, easy to handle and ability to connect to the wifi network. The only problem is that the battery does not charge to 100% and heated to connectarla. What else was excellent. thanks

Excellent product! Same as description except they forgot to say it is unlocked  what it is perfect. Buy it freely

Is too slow, take several seconds to restart , the battery dies in 6 hoursWorks rigth with two sim card.not a good choice

My daughter was so excited when I gave this phone as a present. She had it for just over a week but now will not connect to network. She has to restart to make phone work, sometimes had to restart 2 times. We are returning it. My son's phone is exactly same model and works perfectly. We got his at Best Buy 3 months ago.

Put in my local sim card, and works no problem.Not to small and not to big! Just right mobile phone!Need to get another!

The phone is fine, but it is very small. But a good on if you don't like the bigger ones

Only have had.This phone for a few days but love my new phone. Lots to learn, but works great. And you can't beat the price.

It's a pretty good fon, however it is too touch sensitive & freezes up very quickly. Also, takes a little long going from one function to another. Hate recieving message; x not working, would you like to quit?.

This phone is everything I thought it would be and more.  Love it!  Not hard to use, and the right size for me.

es un buen telefono en general. puesto que lo uso fuera de EE.UU. trae muchas aplicaciones que no me son convenientes en mi pais. Y al descargarle las aplicaciones que yo necesito el telefono se pone un poco lento. No obstante, es un movil magnifico en su utilidad y en su versatilidad.It is a good phone in general. since I use outside U.S. I bring many applications are not suitable in my country. And download it the applications I need the phone gets a little slow. However, it is a magnificent mobile in their usefulness and versatility.

I got it for my wife as a surprise gift. She is enjoying it done anything she's ever got. I think it is a good product so far.

Bough it for my mum, is a good cellphone very easy to use maybe a little too little to type the letters when you are writing a text message or anything like it.

because  i really  like  the  phone  and  the  features  that  it  has every thing i want and  more this will be a good gift

Love it! Nice clear display; makes it easier to use Skype than on my Samsung Galaxy Y.I'm using a sim card from www.speakout7eleven.ca; I do not have data with it as I'm only using prepaid vouchers and do not have a plan with SpeakOut. So far so good.

I absolutely love my phone.  I have not explored all its features as yet, so I can't give it a five star rating at this moment.  The only issue I have with it, happens to be the screen's sensitivity when taking a call.  Is there an app that can lock the screen while you are taking a call?

I would not recommend this phone to anyone. It is super slow and cannot be updated to jellybean. Just returned it for a full refund.

No one should purchase this phone! Don't waste your time, get an Iphone from a store. My experince sucks bad.

Gave two star one for Amazon being a good company to credit the shipping and handling thee saving charged me that was Sapose to be free ! The othe star for the fact the phone work for calls and messages but I found to have gal itches with keyboard and it don't keep battery very well

It is not as good as iphone, but it is ok. Dual sim feature was the reason of my selection of this phone as a second phone, as I have to keep 3 phone numbers available. Touch screen is quite poor, reaction time is slow. Anyway, it saves me from carrying an additional phone. Otherwise I would not suggest.

good phone to use and is good  features user friendly nice looks easy to hold in hand is easy and to big

i LOVE THE PHONE STILL HAVE SET UP ISSUES BUT WILL GET THERE, THERE WAS NO HEADPHONES IN THE PACKAGE, I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED.

this product is a real scam, a fake, is not an original equipment samsung, the touch screen is damage and there is NO replacement for that computer because it is an imitation made &#8203;&#8203;in china. Do not buy that computer, it's a scam!&eacute;ste producto es una verdadera estafa, una imitaci&oacute;n, no es un equipo original samsung, se da&ntilde;o la pantalla tactil y NO existe repuesto para ese equipo porque es una imitaci&oacute;n hecha en china. No compren ese equipo, es una estafa!

This product was highly recommend by a close friend. I will recommend this cell phone as I am very impressed with it's performance thus far.

I like this phone, the dual sim feature is very good I have no need for two phones now. The one thing I don't like about the phone is the keyboard, its very small sometimes I end up using the wrong key......... I tried using a stylus but no luck. Apart from that its a nice phone with a decent camera.

Sent it to Peru and works fine, my brother was going to give it  to somebody but kept it for himself, He can use it with two phone companies. He gave up his Motorola Photon for this one.

Regrettably, it's a cheaply made and engineered phone. No class, no taste, just cheap feel. Besides, Samsung USA does not provide support for this product. Really! Just sent it back! I tried to synch my Outlook Contacts from Microsoft Office 2011 for the Mac, and cannot figure whether this is feasible. Pure waste of time and energy, and first and last Samsung phone purchase for me. Will stick to my Blackberry Torch and iPhone 4S.

It is one of the best unlock phone which I purchased. Easy to use for my AT&T. Insert SIM card to plug and play.

I purchased this phone mostly for music playing. I had an HTC Evo 4G LTE and this definitely doesn't compare, but it meets my needs and was purchased at a reasonable price. The operating system is a little slow. It is visually appealing. It is easy to set up & operate. My sound quality pales in comparison to my HTC. I do enjoy it is smaller and more compact than my HTC because I typically carry in a sport band during exercise.

It has all I need it, it lost the charge a littel bit quicly but it is a good phone

I love this phone it all I wanted it to do and more. I have one problem my wife and friend wants one but wouldn't let me order it.

I ordered this item first and after a week the sound did not work.  I returned it and ordered another one, it is EXTREMELY slow.  I thought it was because of the actual service, but I put a different sim card in and it was still very slow.  I am moving oversees in a couple weeks and wanted a dual sim smartphone but I may have to purchase a new phone when I get there, my patience is very low.

ME ENCANTA , MUY BUENO

I purchased this phone as a gift. In 3 months, it stopped working completely. A real lemon!!!! Waste of money!!!

the screen rotation , does not work. and is not working in 3G.i order two of this item. but iam living over seas. very expencive to retorn. very disappointed

This is not a Galaxy 4,  I was under the impression that it was from the description.  I will be returning the phone.

no trabajo bien, no lleva dos  meses conmigo  y se tarda en trabajar y la bateria se agota rapido..  he tenido Samsung y se que los equipos  son Buenos  pero este salio bien malonot work well, not been two months and it takes me to work and the battery runs out fast.I've had Samsung and which teams are good but this went well bad

loves this phone just what i was looking for not too big not to small just right seems the same as the samsung galaxy but has 2 sim cards you can use at same time

I bought this phone not once but 2 times and still was a piece of junk. First time I ordered it the mouth piece was broke you could see it moving around. The they sent me another one and the screen was coming off. Never had such a problem with Samsung before. Very dissappointed.

Can I use this phone in Argentina??

I was very pleased with my phone i order a second one for my husband. the only thing that i did not appreciate is my phone had ear phones and his did not (that's not a completed gift package).. please send my earphones my husband will appreciate having ear phones.

It work well, a good cell phone for the normal use. And the shipment is just on time like they promised.

I got this phone for my dad since he has large fingers and could not manage the small buttons on most phones, as well as he wanted to use more than one SIM (same service provider) at once.After 6+ months of use here are our findings:Pros:1. Has all the major functions of a Samsung phone: great camera with flash, easy setup for email client, loud ringing volume.2. Large screen with large numbers for dialing.3. Came unlocked as advertised with no scratches, nicks or dents- was brand new in the plastic with all accessories and manual.Cons:1. It is Dual SIM Standby NOT Dual SIM Active- we found this out the hard way when customers started complaining about not getting us, not even voice mail. The settings function by forwarding the calls of the inactive SIM to the active SIM. This may incur carrier charges for some persons. The alternative to this is to deactivate the call forwarding by going to the settings and deactivating &#34;Dual SIM always on&#34; and selecting one SIM card to act as the primary SIM while the other acts as the data SIM. This is a waste if you are using two different carriers to minimize on off-network calls (as in our case).2. The processor is EXTREMELY slow. It freezes when you try to hang up from calls or even when searching your contact list. Don't expect it to save you when those 2 seconds count.3. The phone automatically designates the SIM not in use as on standby. If this is not remedied, it will send calls to voicemail or will not give the caller a response.These are what we have noticed thus far. I gave it three stars (and not two) because it still functions somewhat with the two SIM cards even though it's not the way we would have liked it. BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK.

The signal strength is better the phone I bought from coolpanda. All Amazon shoppers be very careful with this seller (coopanda). I had a terrible experience with them. I will never purchase any item from them again. This Samsung is a cool phone.

I was please with what I get the phone is original as it was it the picture on the website. I would definitely recommend this to anyone.

Everything about the phone is true.It's a beautiful phone.Works well and has good features.I am not 100% familiar with it, but so far it is a great little phone.

The charger was not for this phone. I had to buy one. Did not want the hassle of sending it back.

I read so many complaints about this product, I was not convinced at all about the purchase.I wanted to risk anyway, and I'm very happy about it. The phone is working perfectly, and I don't have any of the problems that other user have had.5 stars.

I've been using this phone for a couple of months now and I am so happy with it!!! the dual sim works great!! I have two different lines in it from different operators and it works perfectly!! I'm so happy I got to get rid of carrying two cell phones around!!! also the operating system works great, it has not given me any trouble at all!! love, love, love, love it.

i think it is very good cell phone.... i can use it for every thing&#8230;. it is a complet phone&#8230;.

I bought this phone because I needed to use 2 sim cards. During my ownership over the last year it worked well in Europe and the US, though it is considerably slower to react than the S III. The big criticism I have though is the lack of memory. I inserted the memory card, but I cannot get the phone to save most data to the card. So that was wasted. I wish there were better dual-sim phones with larger memory capacity on the market (like the SIII +)!

The phone charger doesnt even work with american outlets. The user guide was in a different language and the phone is very slow. I would never reccomend this phone to anyone.

Nice looking but extremely slow. Sold it

Phone is fine.  Has a glitch in that there is a red strip across the top with number and letter codes.  No one can figure out what it is (including phone personnel).

This was not a good phone for me.  It would not manually turn off.  When the back was on the ring tone would not work.  It would not connect with internet and would not let us download any games.  Had no trouble returning it and getting my refund.

I have been very happy with all it does.  This is a phone I can see having for awhile.  It has been very easy to navigate and get use to.

3G not grab the phone is slow, poor coverage, get stuck there that reset many times, does not meet the minimum requirements compared to Samsun Galaxy S3 mini

very slow and did not like it everything about this phone. Overall, this phone is the worst phone I have ever bought from Amazon.com. I hoping I will get my phone back!Thanks!Amazon customer

Its an excellent phone, its fully locked no logos, though manual is in French, but since its use friendly no problem  use just selcted english or any other language (some other languages) first time you turn it on and then your good to go and charger has round pins ( good for me because am taking it to africa) but it has another extention for the usa sockets. It came without the ear phones

The best thing I can say is - it works but it is quite slow.  I did not get it for the duo sim card feature, it was user error - I thought the duo sim card was different sim card sizes.  If this is not the feature you need then I would but a more capable Samsung Device.

Very nice phone, really easy to carry due to it size. Samsung makes one fine product. This is my fifth product from Ssmsung, n obtaining it from Amazon.com makes things that much better for dependability, n guarantee that I'll be treated with the utmost care and protection.Thank you Mr.R.Crews

I bought the phone as new but I sent it to Venezuela where it did not work because the phone was defective. As the phone does not have warranty bring it to a technician who informed me that the phone is remanufactured. I really feel cheated.

I bought this for my friend his wife took it so he ask me to get another one for him. Enough said!

satisfeit&iacute;ssimo!!!muito bom, perfeita interao.experincia mais que satisfat&oacute;ria na entrega, noa qualidade dos produtos e nos prazos e preos. obrigado

Excelent product, i Like very much is been very usefullI have no way to compare with other productsIt is very good

Many Thanks for your I was waiting to buy  a Samsung Galaxy Phone, so I am so happy.It came on time, and I do not have any bad comment about it. I hope enjoy myself the experiencie with my new phone, Bye

this phone has issues.  the swype is a challenge.  almost all the words need to be typed and saved before they are learned.  I definately liked my s2 better

I saw it i liked the design, the price was very interesting too, then i bought it. Now i'm happy with my phone; it has worked for me like expected!

It's a great product for the price it is offered. It's not the fastest mobile on the market and sometimes it becomes impossible to deal with it (very slow). But if you are using it only for checking email, social network it is ok.

I ordered this phone from Wireless everything and i am very satisfied with this order/product. i was skeptical when i ordered this phone but (Wireless Everything) is a legit company with some nice products... i will be shopping with them for other things.

unfortunately the Samsung Galaxy S Duos S7562 Unlocked GSM Phone with Dual SIM, Android 4.0, I get my hands, say they were mislaid it was not his fault, but Bloo is that the injured was my daughter was her birthday, Rainbow Quartz is the GS124 Swatch Women Dial plastic Watch is excellent, no tube worst chance to try so I give it 3 stars, exonerating guilty for what happened seller

This is a good budget dual SIM android. Great screen and decent performance given you know what you're doing with an android in the mid to low end category.The 5mp camera  is decent with a powerful flash that sometimes yellows photos but overall produces average color reproduction and details.Browsing performance sometines is slow but that is to be expected.General use if the phone is snappy provided the user hasn't loaded a ton of widgets and unnecessary apps. It's nice gaming phone but will do for temple run,cut the rope etc. Good for casual games.Battery is 1500mah and is sufficient with light to average use for about 18 hrs. Talk times are pretty good.Overall great at this price and obesity of the better options for sub 200usd budget.

very bad. the software does not work. the playstore not work. the phone worked only 60 days and then died. it's a shame. amazon should not allow this to happen. I'm not in U.S and now I can not afford the costs. I bought a new phone, but I received heavenly one phone damaged. help please.

I bought this and found out that it doesn't work with Verizon. So if you are thinking about getting this one and have Verizon I STRONGLY advise you TO NOT get it.

is a good telefeno serving me for the activities I want to do and this at a good price when you buy

I was looking for a simple opened smart telephone to be in contact now that I am moving to another country. It is working perfectly for that!

i live in venezuela, this cell brought a software error that can't be fixed. the 3g is not supported with movistar, this is the first time i experienced something so bad wirth amazon

version is the 7562L, works well in Venezuela, MOVILNET, MOVISTAR and should work well for digitel. updated version of the software, connect it to the PC right from the start without problems. personally I'm using to MOVILNET, the connection is slow, for MOVISTAR is faster.Sometimes the phone is slow when turning or especially when communicating with BBM or facebook messeger.Anyway, the phone is good, unlocked, and cheap compared to the mini S3.I hope you have served my opinion on this device

Battery charger did not fit  had to buy I corect batery charger . The one that came with the phone did not work at all

Waaaah it is more than I thought, smart, small, fast and a dual card phone. I highly recommend it to anyone who need fast browsing phone

I love my phoneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee... thank youuuuuuuuuuuuuuu

initially I had problems getting both sim cards to work and it was not the sim cards as i tested them on other mobiles.  since I work in the middle east I was update that I purchased online and then could not send it back.  then I discovered that the cost here was similar which really irritated me.  After switching sim card slots and testing it eventually started working, which was a relief !

This is worst Phone ever made by Samsung, Slowest, dumb, Low end Phone, its not able to simple task, like fast texting, camera operating, or even taking time to open phone directory, This phone is worst for handling two sims at once, Cant even run internet smoothly, I used hundreds of Mobile phones, but never seen worst dumb phone like this. Never Never buy this Phone.Amazon was best for delivering, but its not their fault, because Samsung people made this dumb Phone.

I LOVE my phone.. it does get a little slow when a lot of apps are installed but all the stuff i can do with this phone its just awesomeIt's better than blu rave d230

the phone is not what I wanted from Samsung, when trying to view contact it takes a very longtime, I am not happy.

I recommend for every body.It is new and as you see it in the picture exactly.I like it.

Good service.SO ANY ONE CAN BUY IT.

Reliable, easy to use, very sensitive screen. Runs everything for android with no problems. very stable and best, does not hang up.

good quality product, an extraordinary strong team serves well in Venezuela on any carrier, very versatile indeed recommended... excelent phone

I gave it a 3 star because for the day I had it it was going great..but it is way tooo slowwww....u click something and wait seconds for it to open up..and there were not a  lot of apps..smh....it was crazy

Have now had this phone for 6 months - the processor is very slow.  I strongly recommend that you buy something else and spend a little more.  It also regularly crashes likely due to same issue.  Samsung elected to use a slow chip to keep the cost down -  but this is the most frustrating modern phone that I have owned -  even making phone calls can be slow and typing  - well expect some delay in input  Other than that it is a phone to the usual high Samsung standard.  I purchased it because of the two SIM cards -  but the tardy processor makes the phone less than a good choice.  While 3G wireless connection is fast the processor makes pages very slow to process and load. IN SUMMARY: Dont buy this phone and the decision to release it with the installed processor was a mistake - Samsung!  PS My daughter thought I was impatient when cursing at the phone for its slow performance -  until she tried it!

GOOD PHONE BUT FOR THE PRICE YOU CAN NOT ORDER MORE, THE MEMORY IS VERY SMALL AND IS SLOW WHEN DOWNLOADED MANY USES, IN GENERAL IS SMALL, THE CAMERA IS GOOD, AND WORKS WELL

It came inside a box but witouth plastic wrap.It afvertised as new phone but was used already. I message from a thecnitian in a shop has been recorded.Sometimes can't connect to the mobile network, and I have to restart it.Very good size and weight.

excelente

The phone seems to have really great features. Light, dual sim and great size. Just as I was getting the hang of it, it slipped my hand and fell to the ground. The screen shattered. I did not even get the opportunity to put on the case. I had a blackberry before. It fell about 100 times over the 2 years I've owned it. It still works today.I gave this phone a two star rating due to its lack of durability.

This has been a great phone. The BEST feature being the dual SIM. I have my t-mobile SIM in #1 which gives me unlimited text and data and then I bought a Thai pre-paid SIM (carrier=AIS) at 7/11 in Bangkok and put 500 Baht (approx. $16) on that.  I use SIM#2 to call and text friends in Thailand.The only downside is the size. Its just a bit too small of a footprint so using the keyboard yields more mis-spellings than my other smatphones.

I was debating whether or not to go with the iPhone since I already have an iPad or try the Android system.  Obviously, I decided on the Android.  I haven't seen any major differences, but I'm also not a technology nerd.  I mostly just use my phone for calls, whatsapp, calendar, and email. The one thing I do notice is that it's sometimes a little slow (compared to my iPad) when opening and closing applications.  Facebook is pretty crappy, but I don't know if that's because of the connection or the phone.Being that it's a dual SIM is beneficial to me since I have a business phone as well.  I value you that much more than being able to look at fb.The one problem I had when I received it was that it was set in Chinese.  Since it was my first smartphone, I had no idea how to change the language.  Just turning on the phone to put my PIN number in... I didn't know where the confirm button was!  Luckily, I had bought a Samsung for my husband, so using his, I could figure out how to change the language.I'm not too impressed with the camera either, but like I said...  I don't use my phone for things other than forms of communication and organization.Hope that helps!

This was a gift for my wife. She loves it. Very fast, great screen, and not expensive. Camera is decent and battery life is ok.

For the price I bought this phone and taking into considerations the multiple of functions including the fact of being dual sim card, and very excellent WIFI ... it is really excellent and would recommend any one.Thanks

me gusto mucho

good morning gentlemen, let me help. units sent me an award for being a member at $ 99 but could not load it on my credit cards, I live in Venezuela, you know our restrictions, there is a chance I will send this gift in a gift card?.thank you very much, happy day

is not good software is old

Just a phone... Would be more extensive the descriptions. If you wanna buy it, look very well, visit another websites that have more technical information, and decide if meets yours expectations.  An slow phone and you can't demand many things at once.

But...it came with a slight bulge in the housing, hence one star off. Apart from that, it's everything my husband wanted once he read/watched reviews for dual SIM phones. Of the 'duos' collection from Samsung, this got the best ratings. Both SIMS are in and function smoothly. The ICS operating system is pretty cool, the screen is great for watching videos, and the Play Store has all the apps he didn't know he needed  ;-). Great price, fast shipping, new and unlocked as advertised. Wonderful buy.

When I first got the phone,it looked nice.but when I turned it on,It wasnt in English.luckily I knew what the word English looked like n a different language.that kind of through me off.my phone would charge off the home chargers,but wouldn't charge n my car using the same charger piece n even a Cigarett lighter outlet.the phone would have freeze here n there .restart at times,mainly when in public and switching through WiFi to original network.The download speeds was extremely slow,which annoyed me.because I'm always online.

the reason i choose this rating it's because i order two phones samsung duos both white color and not only one of the phones came in a different color; the other phone came with the menu button loose or damaged, needless to say why i choose this rate and then i called the seller to let them know about it, they told me that i should send the phone back first and then they would refund my money, so i definitely would NOT recommend this seller under any circumstances.

This dual SIM phone is good. I used it internationally and it was ok. What I didn't like about it was the virtual keypad, not easy to navigate

It's the smartest smart phone I've had...I really love it but I wish it had better range for Wifi. My router is downstairs and I can't get connection in my room upstairs. The battery runs down quicker than expected but I guess background stuff drains it or something. Sometimes it says no network so I have to restart to get it going again. I love it otherwise...very neat, cute phone...I'm having fun with it.

Was very satisfied with my purchase. Great phone great deal. Will buy again when the time comes around. Hopefully soon.

This phone has all the features we needed. There sre times when it is necessary to reboot it because it doesn't connect to the cellphone network for calls incoming or outgoing. I may have solved that problem adjusting settings, odd that there would be a setting that causes loss of access to cellular. But otherwise it seems like a good phone allows 2sims so family overseas can text us without extra charges.

I bought this phone and brought it overseas and it worked like a baby. The smartest thing is to buy a phone and get local service from wherever your going. Its much cheaper this way.

Its a nice cell phone but I expected more.Its nice, not so fast, but a nice camera, flash, display, android system, anyway, its cool.

I wrote the seller and they sent me an attachment that sent me to a YouTube video to watch. When I got the unit the closest instructions on it to English, was Italian. The power supply that came with one is an international one with a USA adaptor. It was perfect for me because it was going to a friend in another country. But if want it for the US, it would work but be a little cumbersome.

Very good morning,Best Regards ..(Amazon order: 105-8269691-6280222)I communicate with you by this route in order to notify the following:The equipment purchase was removed from the offices of Liberty Venezuela the 10th of May this year, to be on the phone the same present fault with the button on and blocking it does not work, additionally constantly appears on the screen window &#34;phone options&#34; (shutdown, restart, airplane mode) does not allow me to manipulate the phone as this window is constatemente, if to turn off the phone is not possible since the button located on the upper right side not work.Much appreciate an answer to my problem in such a way to comply with the warranty.thankshappy dayNayibet Moreno

This is a great product, however, I find myself constantly having to charge this phone after 3 to 4 hours especially after extended data usage. :(

I recieved the phones, but the battery in one is worthless, and one can't be found locally,so i had to buy two from amazon(one as spare).I would have thought you would check the merchandise before selling it.

I'm not sure if this is about memory or CPU, but this phone is a very bad experience on Android. Several times at day I had lost calls because the operating couldn't presents the incoming call screen.Navigating using native browser or Chrome is a pain. It takes a 30 seconds or more to reflects search results.Waze freeeze the equipment to any use.... even receive a call.

I like this phone. It is perfectly suited for my needs with the dual chip.But the processor is too slow. I gave this phone a 5 star rating before. But I have reduced it to 3 stars, because of the slow performance. I have decided not to install all kinds of apps that could slow it down. However, the default applications (the ones I cannot even delete) are more than this phone can really handle. It results in a slow navigation when you wish to make calls, which is very annoying. I'm living with that because it would be more inconvenient to carry two phones, but Samsung need to place a stronger processor in this phone.

I was replacing a Samsung Adroid phone. I liked the idea of being able to use 2 sim cards, so I purchased this phone.  The cost was also very competitive.  This phone does not work nearly as well as my old phone.  The typing feature doesn't work nearly as well. It is constantly insisting that I don't know what it is I want to type.  The touch screen often won't work.  I have to constantly turn the devise off and on to get it to work.

nice phone easy to set up i love this phone about right price i ordered three phone i love it

This phone is manufactured in India according to Samsung USA. It has a battery heating problem ... I wouldn't recommend any one to buy it from this particular seller..

I could not disagree more with the previous reviewer. It sounds more to me like he sucks at the skill that typing on a phone requires, probably not patient enough or has pretty big fingers. It has been a joy for me to use for the last month of having it. I am coming from a Black berry and this has been vastly superior. The touch screen is not only very responsive but you have the built in option of just sliding your fingers from one letter to the other to type which makes if much more effortless than the typical input method and i didn't have to download an app to do taht.Its feature rich and beautiful to hold and look at. Matter of fact just about every one who has seen me with it and played around with it wants one. If you are looking for a dual sim, go no further but even if you are just looking for a single sim its def worth the buy. There is one serious down side but I would still have bought it when I think of all the others pluses - the HSPDA is only a mere 7mbps. Way way too small for a phone of this price and design. The other downers like battery capacity is pretty typical for these smartphones so I won't discredit this model for it but it's really drains too fast no matter how I try to save power. Overall a def 4 stars for me.

battery lasts roughly 35-40hrs with over 10hrs of talk time, great camera, sensitive touch screen, might need just a tad bit more processing power

This phone is okay, it looks pretty and it's light but it is VERY slow it does not work very well with Straight talk connected to the AT&T towers (maybe because of where I live). The phone sometimes freezes or decides not to launch certain apps because of failure to respond. I do like the way the phone looks but am very displeased with the way it acts. I appreciate the shipping condition it came in but I don't think I would recommend you buying this certain phone.

The phone didn't work for text messages and would not accept my carrier. I had to return it. Not worth the time

is slow for most of the application. I do not recommend the team.

when I write msm the screen does not rotate, but other phones of the same model does. battery not lasting long enough

This phone works ok add it's for my Teen-Age daughter however it does freeze up a lot and she had to restart the phone but it is a good value for herThank you

The phone couldn't be activated anywherein the United States so I had to send it back. I would give it no stars if I could. Customer service was awesome however with the return and even found me a great phone to fit my needs from another site.

good phone still learning all the features, and capabilities of this phone. would recomended this to anyone who might be considering buying it.

This is not a bad choice for someone who is looking for a phone to make and receive calls.  It allows you to download apps of your choice.  The problem I am having is that the battery life lasts for two days maximum without using it on a regularly basis then you need to charge it. Trish

I've had this phone for a little over two weeks....barely used..never dropped or mis-handled...kept in my shirt pocket. The original &#34;Galaxy S Duos&#34; sticker is even still on the screen!!!!!! (was waiting on a screen protector purchased online to be delivered). Phone worked normally all day..last used it to take a photo..a couple hours later I took it out of my pocket to check the time and the screen is just blank. Can only see the backlight...US$ 148 down the drain...

It's working nicely. I did not face any problem. I recommend to everybody to purchase this product. There is no problem in touch screen and WiFi.

My daughter needed a new phone and wanted the same device that she had before. However, after purchasing this phone i uncovered that it would not work on the Verizon network.

3 Big issues with the phone: No support even on Samsung website. This model number is not listed there, so when there's a problem, it's zero support, so the phone is like dead! The extra storage means nothing since you can't move anything from the phone to the sd card. Pretty slow. I didn't expect much when I bought it. But it's not worth it at all.

After six months of use my smart phone does not turn on for no reason, I want to change it.

While the phone was delivered quickly, the box was not sealed and the given instructions were minimal.  Texting is very difficult with this phone.  While the &#34;keys&#34; are the same size as my previous phone, it seems that it is very easy for the adjacent letter to the one you want to be hit.  I initially thought I would get better at it but after a few weeks my texting speed is still awful.  To make things worse, the charger stopped working and the only way I can charge the phone is to connect it to my computers USB port.  Overall, I would not buy this phone and will probably stop using it!  What a waste of money.

I love this phone, it allows me to download a lot of apps. My problem is the phone's response is not that fast. You have to take your time with it for it to work good, if you try to move fast it freezes.My microphone for google speech to text is not working, keeps saying audio device error but i can make and receive calls its just an app problem i think. Its an ok phone.

product was as decribed ......Iam happy with that .Arrived very fast  .Completely satisfied. My daughter is using it so I cant comment on technical aspects of phone

son muy responsable con la entrega del producto asi que lo recomiendo para que le compre todos lo que vende ello gracias por todo

Phone was much smaller than I imagined looked like a knock off cheap looking in other words the middle bar at the bottom got loose and out of the grove within a week I regret buying it

great phone however it is all in Chinese. I can't use the phone and now I'm going to have to return it and order another one for my aunt. this was suppose to be a Christmas gift and now its way past due. this is not the first phone I order online but the first disappoint experience I ever received.

Seems to have a little sketchiness in connecting to the towers. She loves the size, volume (listening to music) and ease of use. Seems to work great with the apps and she loves it. The only problem we have seen so far is that it has some problems connecting with the towers, yet doesn't seem to be real bad. First smart phone so we don't have a lot to compare it with.

After less than a month of using the phone the screen went blank.  I didn't drop it nor did it get wet. It was in my purse in it's protective case.GOT A BAD ONE!!!I'd heard good things about SamsungMaybe it's just this Samsung Galaxy duos  model or the phone that was shipped to me.BEWARE!!!!I RETURNED THE PHONE TO AMAZON!!!

I did not realize this was a &#34;spanish&#34; phone,  I gave it to my grown daughter, she only used it for a month or so,  just did not have features she wanted or expected for a samsung galaxy

i had a horrible experience with this phone and the seller. this phone on the outside looks the part, but when you dive into the phone itself, it is a real let down. there is no front facing camera, just two dots that mimic a camera. the seller was horrible. the only good thing i have to say about this purchase is that i received a full refund after over a month of continuously emailing the seller. don't waste your time.

excellent recommend very good product, reliable. You can buy with confidence. telefon good, comfortable, lightweight, good software, fast. muy bueno

The phone does not load. When connecting the cable the phone does not load, tried another charger and it did not work

CAREFUL! this phone is old version NOT &#34;DUOS 2&#34; it appears to be DUOS, search for S75682 version

Used it for two days and charged it over note and in morning wouldn't turn on should have listened to the other reviews

I waste my money purchasing this phone I cannot receive call on both phone at the same time. Also all my calls on sim one does to voice mail when someone call and I always have to reset the phone in order to receive or send calls.

The phone was good, I wanted a Samsung.  It was made in Japan, so when I took it to Metro PCS to have it set up, they couldn't read Japanese to change it. Sent it back, no problems

This product is a horrible product.  I'm in the technology business.  It changes setting every day on it's own.  In addition, it changes peoples telephone numbers.  When I call the person answers and tells me i have the wrong number.  I have to go back to my old phone to find out the number to change it back.  I'm absolutely disgusted with it and want my money back.

Dont waste your money this phone is crap. I have never seen a phone soo slow and something when making calls the screen get black and stay black forever. I went against all the reviews and bought it but guys this phone is not worth it. I got mine a month ago and now im going to buy a new phone.

It's a DUOS phone, that works well in Venezuela. The phone on the other hand is slow... REALLY slow. At first, when it's new it works fine. When I started taking pictures and downloading apps it turned really slow and some apps stopped working, and I'm not talking about the games or anything! the predetermined apps stop working all of a sudden too and a restart is needed.Bottom line, I wouldn't reccomend to buy this phone.

I made the wrong choice.  The model I wanted  was the MEGA DUO. At the time I was buying, I was doing throu my mobile and all letters were too small.

I Bought this phone for my husband we have not hooked it up as yet but I did set up the wifi and it works perfectly with out a sim card we are mainly using it out of the United States and I can't wait to see how it functions already love every thing about it I presently have an I phone 4s and to me it started giving trouble from day one would go blank and freeze up then sprint told me that I need to update it bs, because this happened a week after purchase, never me and sprint again or for most of it I love the specs the aps they are awesome would definitely recommend this phone btw all the aps worked so far whats ap, Skype, facebook and the other important ones even the navigation love this phone. I gave it four stars because haven't hooked it up as yet but when I DO WILL sure to come back and give it five

Is fast, quad band, It is worth spending on this phone!!The only problem is the battery life, 12 hours!!

I have just received the phone only to find that the phone and the booklet is in an unknown language... I am going to assume it is Vietnamese since the booklet was printed in Vietnam. I figured out how to change the language and will review again when i have used the phone.

This Dual Sim phone works perfect in Jamaica and as I keep getting asked, will work well anywhere in the world that supports the networks as advertised with the phone.  So if you're in doubt just check with your service provider but Samsung wants to sell the phone so they are not going to produce a phone that can't work in Europe or Africa or south America etc.  You get what I am saying?  OK.  So if a dual sim is what you want then I recommend this one.  It works good  touch screen is sensitive nice looking design and has all smart phone capabilities.

Its saying  &#34;unfortunately, Google play store has stopped&#34;Right now the device is useless as i cant download any stuff.Please, whats the way out of this

good day, but a comment a question, what kind of band com works this SmartPhones. desire to buy one from Venezuela and here the bands are punctual, cordial greetings.

This phone was a breeze to set up!  I do confess to having a TMobile representative change the SIM card and initialize it, but everything else was easy.  So far, I love it!

I really like this phone meets my expectations only thing I do not like is that the battery does not last long.otherwise it is perfect. good and excellent buy.

I bought this item for some one else who asked for it, so I do not have detailed opinion on the product

Ok so I thoughts would wait at least a week before I receive my phone before I give. Review.  Now the phone came with everything it said it would  have which is good. But it was scratched up.. The phone of it self came popped out of the shell,  might have to glue that... And the worst it shuts down by its self.. I highly disappointed and I would return this phone but hey for what another bad phone.... Get the phone from another seller, trust me

Light, great color. I purchased one, and my sister had the second one.

As usual, Samsung has many technical problems. It jams when program fails to boot. I will not buy even at this price. I have to return it after one.

I find it to be very slow. It is causing me to miss calls and special on the spur photo moments.The battery life is very poor. I had to replace my battery in less that a month.

Had it barely a month. It did not work properly. It also was extremely slow and continued to shut down while I was using it.

charging plug does not work. it is in 2 pieces which do not fit into each other. The cord to computer works for charging.would of loved a car charger.

Very good phone. I bought this phone for my wife and she love it. The dual sim is working very fine and it even as the ability to act as a dual sim active phone.The kids also love it because of the games.Recommended for every pleope.

I hate everything about this phone. it hangs every second and takes long to get on..... i advise not to use it

This was a backup phone for travel to europe and for this purpose is fantastic.  For a daily use phone it would be a bit frustrating as the screen is a bit small for heavy use but as a backup or for smaller hands this would be a great device for a stellar price.

This product is really great; the phone works fine and download apps easily when the internet connection is good. the only problem is that the instruction manual was in polish.

I'm not liking the product, not to bring headphones. previously acquired all the samsung phones have brought your headphones, these last No.

Very nice and beautiful cel phone, good quality, good appearance, and great feature for sport and social events, works fine. I recommend the purchase.

Very Good

The phone is a good phone for the price, but you will need the hard case to go with it. There are 2 problem that should be addressed (1) The volume is not powerful enough especially for someone working in a noisy environment (2) The battery life gives you only 14 hour if you are running the phone at it's full capacity.

Pros: Great feel and design. Coming from a Black Berry the overall performance was really responsive and I was able to download the BBM App as well as the Whats App to stay connected to all my friends. It was indeed factory unlocked and works well in the Caribbean, I'm in Barbados.Cons: Battery life drains too fast so I had to download the Battery Doctor App which really helps correct that and the virtual keyboard was a challenge at first but I'm getting better. That's the reason I didn't give it 5 stars.Overall its a really great phone so if you like it go for it.

Excelente Producto

It is good device. Very elegant, attracts attention wherever you go. Unfortunately only applications and can only be installed in phone memory. The memory card is for files only

theese products are used! it is not as described, the seller says that are new phones but it is TOTALLY false!

I am very disappointed in this phone.  First off, I did a lot of research before buying this one and I thought I'd find a good phone for good value.  I don't know where it's gone wrong, but the phone is very slow.  Any time I press on an app, it takes a good 10 seconds for it to come up.  This is true when opening up Skype, Instagram, dialing, the phone, and texting.  I live in Central America so when things like this go wrong, it's amplified as I have no easy way of sending it back.  I want to send this phone back.  It just takes forever to load anything I am trying to use.

its wonderful

I like the phone a lot!!! It works perfectly here in Jamaica. Now instead of walking with 2 phones to have 2 networks. I can walk with one. Its excellent. The graphics is excellent. It far exceed my expectation.

the price was great but when you purchase phones from other than the provider site, the phones are not all tat good and i have seen that with this phone. started out great and then i could not get the proper service and it stared freezing up

this product was not what I expected as it is a total replica not know what happened because anteriorment and purchased and is perfect and decided to return it to the seller

The battery life, and front cam is very poor. skype nois I do not recomend any one to buy this product

My phone worked fine and met my expectations.  there was only one problem, the battery needed to be charged too quickly.  Even when I did not run anything or download anything, I still had to charge every night.

The recipient loved the phone right out of the box, small with dual simcard, wireless,unlocked great price not a bad deal,

the only problem i have is that it freezes alot, but everything else works great especially my bbm messenger that's the reason i got it in the first place.

EXCELENTE

it work just as good as the s3 except it need more memory other no complaint it's great &#60;3 &#60;3

es muy lento, se friza y calienta, ademas no trae hansfree

Slooooowww. Unexceptional. There was a pathetic lag time on this phone. Even for being a late model, come on. Cannot recommend.

thank you very much i love this product i recommended a 100% to everyone need a dual sim mobile ( work very well in venezuela)

exvelente!

Slim body, 2 Sims, good touch screen, easy to use and good network all are avalable in apps, fast shipping sothat

This phone is NOT made to work in the U.S. The dual sim will NOT work on any of the network providers here such as AT&T, T-Mobile ETC. I purchased it thinking that because it was a samsung it would work, but it didn't and I had to end up buying a phone from my phone company. It is definitely not recommended if you are in the U.S, you will be wasting your time and end up  getting another phone and having to wait a little while to get your money back!

Excellent team, something complicated in the sense for navigation on the Internet, because if you do not use caution and use the SIM that you consume is not the balance. for others very good video and photos ..

I was very excited to get this phone, as I had been dealing with the heartbreak of a Windows 8 phone for many months.  I checked the specs, decided it was sufficient for what I wanted, and received relatively quick shipping.  Since then, it has been nothing but disappointment.  I should have paid more attention to the fact that the majority of posted reviews were out of India, and I had never even heard of this model.  It doesn't seem to be used in the US much at all.  The phone is slow and buggy, takes several seconds for the screen to turn on or off, and it beeps every 3 minutes while charging (I've timed it).  It takes several seconds before processing anything, from sending a text message to opening Facebook.  As Louis CK said, yes, we should be astonished and amazed at the fact that we can speak to somebody across the country and access data from around the world (so how dare I complain that it takes a few seconds), but when spending a good chunk of money, these issues are mostly non existent in comparable products.  Therefore, I regret the purchase and would not recommend it to anybody that I know, or to the strangers here on Amazon.  Thought it was a great deal and outsmarted myself.  But technically it is an Android and it makes phone calls and runs the apps (despite the slowness), so 2 stars instead of 1.Sincerely,Bukkake'd by Samsung

Purchased this phone for my wife for around $180.00. It was not worth the money!! Terrible phone. Extremely Slow!!!! Locks up easily.

Excelente celular, pr&aacute;ctico, &uacute;til, liviano, me gusto mucho.

The phone arrived in a timely manner and I'm happy about that. I give only 3 stars that came without headphones. which I think is very rare that new listings come incomplete.

quite a nice gadget

exelente

Works great. Used on straight talk and at&t. And ICE and MOVISTAR in costarica. Very happy with this phone thank you

Not phone I ordered. I want to return it and get my money back, or the correct phone be sent me, the S-4 is what I ordered. Thanks,GARY D. YOUNG, COLONEL, US ARMY, (RET.)
