
I got this phone a few months ago and I hate it. It was working fine when I first got it but over the months it just started getting slower. Sometimes it will just turn off by itself and then turn right back on. The keypad also doesn't work. It'll either choose a different letter or make multiple letters. I may have a defective one, but i was very disappointed.

My daughter loves this phone. She has yet to put it down, and that's without any minutes to call her friends.

it was like new!!! The only problem I had was that I couldn't flash it to cricket because the calls wouldn't go in other than that great phone and great features and size.

I cant download any apps. or receive text messages. It was new in the box but didn't ever work right.

I really, REALLY wish I had taken note of the internal memory on this phone, because if I had, I would never have bought it. It's a shame that the internal memory is so small (512 MB) because I love the phone itself (SD capable up to 8GB). It's a perfect size for me and is fully functional. I have had very little problems with it (none that can't be fixed by turning if off and back on) and it has done me well.However, 512 MB is WAY too small for a phone these days! *Especially* with the amount of apps that won't let you run off the SD card. It's not like I got this phone three years ago and it's outdated or anything - it has only been about 6 months and it's still on the market. If you don't plan on using many apps and don't care about the minimal internal memory, then this may be a great and cheap solution for you...but had I known then what I know now, I would have forked out the extra dough to get a phone with a high internal memory capacity.That is seriously the only issue that I have with it. If they would allow the capacity to upgrade the internal memory, I would hands down give this a 5-star review and hang on to this phone for quite a bit longer... but as is, I can't give any higher than a 3 and am currently counting down the time until I am eligible for an upgrade.

Very disappointed. Ordered a refurbished one and don't know whether to blame phone or seller. The whole row of 7,8, and 9 didn't work, so needless to say it was a worthless purchase bc I can now do nothing but receive calls.

For the price that i paid for this phone i am very happy.  this is a replacement phone for my daughter and i have had no problems with it

I have had this phone since it came out almost 2 years ago. Ever since then it has been a decent phone for the money and the specs. For the small processor and storage space this phone works great. Very little lag in the UI and with the SD Card expansion the low storage is of no issue. I will have to say though there have been some problems, which is to be expected really with any phone. With android 2.2.2 i had issues with the phone saying it was low on storage even if it wasn't, and with the facebook app not wanting to work. Also the the phone seemed to have "phantom screen syndrome" where buttons, links, and scrolling would happen without me even touching the screen. By no means though did this make the phone unusable. Once the phone upgraded to 2.3 the previous problems mentioned where fixed...but now the phone will occasionally restart from time to time but nothing serious. All and all this phone has been great runs things like Netflix, facebook, browsers the internet good. Not sure why people get this phone and try to compare it to the iphone or the samsung galaxy. Obviously those phones are on a completely different level. And even then just like anything they too can have problems and software issues. Nothing is perfect so get over it or go back to a feature phone. lol

I got this phone from the Sprint store just 2 months ago and I'm getting an exchange from the Sprint store.Pictures taken on this phone frequently have a blue or brown tint to them even in sunlight or plenty of natural light. I've started having problems with the touch screen "double tapping" when I try to type, swipe, or open or move apps. It will randomly call people and won't let me end the call. Apps are constantly crashing and having to be force closed. I'm lucky if the battery lasts until dinner time even though it's fully charged when I wake up in the morning.I've had nothing but problems with this phone. Also, Sprint has discontinued it. After experiencing what this phone is like, I have no doubts as to why it was discontinued.I would definitely NOT recommend this phone to anyone.

This was my first smart phone, and I'm not at all satisfied.Good thing,Very durable- I can't even count how many times I've droped this phone, and it still worksBad things,Very durable- you drop on the floor and hope this time it wont turn back on, but it does. Cus if it doesnt turn back on you can go get a upgrade- And run the phone over with your car like you've been planning.Battery life- sucks, sucks, sucks. I have to admit right off I am a avid texter- but that's all I ever do. And on thoes days I can charge my phone when it dies, it averages about 3 charges a day (please keep in mind this is from dead to full charge). Also, when I turn on my phone after its been on the charger for about 30 seconds, it says its about 59%- but then it takes 10 minutes to get 3% more- this is true off or on.Storage- for thoes of you who have this phone you laughed when you read 'storage'. This phone is notorious for having little storrage. I have had to delete most of the text threads every two weeks (give or take a day). I use to have to delete apps too- but I don't bother downloading thoes anymore because it was never more then a week before I would have to delete it.Sending messages- this doesn't happen a ton, but its bad enough its getting in here. What happens is, to save battery life I would lock the screen right after to hitting send for a text. Most of the time, it wouldn't send unless I was looking at the text thread. Most of the time, if I didn't have the tread open it wouldnt take more then a day to send. However, one time it took a MONTH to send. It was a important text telling a friend that had missed the last class that the new class had moved across campus. She was very confused getting it at 3am, it had been so long she didn't know what it was spose to be for.Touch screen- the screen will stop working, and since you have to use the touch screen to turn off the phone the only way to turn it off pull the battery.Pretty colors- instead of frezzing the phone might decide to make your screen fuzzy colors. It might look cool for 3 seconds but good luck trying to understand anything you might want to do on it.Thoes are just the things that happen most often, but things like all the icons disappearing, the sceen calibration beibg mest up and so on. Now if you are still reading this you might wonder why thd title is what it is. Recently, my new kitten has take to playing with the phone... at first I stoped her- but I don't care about enough to take it from her.

Received my item very quickly and am very happy with what I got.  The screen was a bit more scratched up than described but that is a very minimal issue in my book.

I never received the device.  i forgot I had ordered it as I was testing devices for a work app, bought a bunch of phones and never did inventory as to what was not received.

Fast delivery. Came before delivery date.  Phone was a little smaller then I thought but the price WAS UNBEATABLE.  Needed a replacement phone, more than adequate for the purpose. And it was clean- externally, internally and ESN wise. Strongly recommend!

I have had this phone for 3 months, and my biggest issue is that it does not hold a charge.  I can have it fully charged when I go to bed and when I get up the next morning the battery is empty!  The battery does not last even 10 hours during the daytime hours.  The screen key pad is very small, and the self correcting spelling is terrible, when I choose the spelling I need, the phone self corrects to a completely incorrect word, ie:  if I type Lexi for a relatives' name, it always changes it to Lexicon.  This is not a phone I would recommend to anyone.

I had the Samsung Exclaim before this, so I was ready for and upgrade. When i got this phone, it was when Androids were popular, but most of the phones upward $200, so Sprint and LG decided that they wanted everyone to get hooked on Android, and the only way to do that was, to make affordable ($50) and eventually free one. Now before you go on reading this, if you do today, Amazon is offering every non-iPhone smartphone for free. If it is past then, ignore what I just said. What I am going to do for this phone is give you the pros and cons, which, the cons outweigh. But there are some good pros, and if this is your first Android, it might be just okay.Pros:Free- (That one is the second best pro)Android- What I love about Android is that all the Android phones have the same OS (operating system.) No matter what phone you have, you can still play Angry Birds on it. What the differences are is with the better and pricier phones, it is faster, better camera, etc.Unlimited Data- This is a Sprint only pro, but it is the best pro that you can find.Cons:Bad cameraNo front facing cameraSlowBad MemoryCrashesBad battery lifeSo, as you can see, if you don't do much with your phone, no camera, not a lot of apps, this could be the phone for you. If your everyone else though, this is probally not right for you.

Purchased this item for a birthday present, works great and I'm happy so is the recipient

This device is terrible. It has a failure-prone SD Card reader. It has generally poor reception and inexcusably short battery life. The screen brightness is okay on max, still very difficult to see on a sunny day. Honestly, I wouldn't spend more than $5 on this device. Save $x and put it toward a better non-LG device.

I've had this phone now for about a year. It is a terrible phone. I wish I had never gotten it, and I hope no one else gets one, which is why I am writing this review/rant. It was fine for a couple of months. I downloaded a total of 3 apps, had some text strings, a few of which had a couple hundred texts in them. I had about 20 pictures on the phone. That's it. Suddenly, I can't send or receive a text. Come to find out the phone's memory is full. So I have to wipe the phone. Then all these SD card errors start happening. It's been removed. There's no SD card in the phone. Stuff like that. But I don't even know where the SD card is and I haven't been removing it. Suddenly, it says the SD card is damaged and needs to be reformatted. So the few pictures I've been brave enough to keep on the phone since I wiped it are suddenly gone. I have to hold the button for the home screen down for a couple seconds for it to notice I am doing so. I have to hit buttons on the touchscreen a couple of times for them to notice they've been touched. Terrible. I hope I can afford to get rid of it soon.

For the price of this phone, I felt like I had won the lottery. It does everything with the help of Android, I will never go back to Apple, Blackberry, or Palm. Its light weight, nice color, fast online, works with Oulook email accounts. I loved this phone!

For the most part it does its job but sometimes the phone freezes and the music app just randomly opens up.

The original phone that i ordered did not activate with sprint even though it says it is a sprint phone. I contacted the seller and they sent me a different phone, same model. It also will not activate. So now i am out about $40 and nothing to show for it!

i got this at a reseller to replace my iphone 3 Gs which has screen issues. i hate this phone. i cannot send a text unless the person is in my address book. Wait! I use this for business, why do i want to add every number i get into the address book? Most folks who call me only want some info, so why add them? and it uses up memory which apparently is small on this phone. Second, I cannot change the typeface. Too small for me to read with out glasses, which gives me migraines. Third, Odd and confusing icons which mean nothing to me.  4. It took forever (2 weeks) for me to find out how to turn on the ringer!! And who turns one off anyway?  5, how on earth do you acess the voice messages?  And how do you erase a message you don't want?  NO time or dates on the messages either, so you don't know if it was last week or last month when you got them. Stranger and stranger. I hate this phone!  Also, it is impossible to type or add a person to your contacts. It is just damned near impossible and the frustration level is not worth it.  I will go back to iphone.

The volume does not work on the phone ...that equals worthless and a waste of money and time .my son wirks hard for his money bad business

Good phone for being used. My son used it until I could get my new Galaxy S5 & give him my Galaxy S3.

I just needed a good working phone, came quickley and works well.Better then spending 250 to 400 for a new phone when my contract wiill be up in 6 months.

The phone was shipped quickly and packaged well.  I could not get the phone to charge properly so I ordered a new battery at the advice of the seller.  It still would not charge properly so ordered a new charger.  That did the trick.  I also had to buy an SD card for the phone in order to take pictures.  Now the phone works well but It was not fully functional when I bought it.

My daughter absolutely loves this phone.From what i can see it does everything she needs.I recommend it for teens and anyone who wants a basic phone with some features.

I have used this phone for about a month and a half and I don't even really want to call it a smartphone.Overall, the display is nothing special, battery is ok, the camera is bad, and it lags and has connectivity issues. I mainly use it to make phone calls or to text. Even that can be an issue at times. I bought it because it was cheap ($60 no contract) and it shows.CONNECTIVITY PROBLEMS:It has issues connecting to a Wi-Fi network or data from the network. You'll have to troubleshoot that by either turning the phone on/off or letting it switch to airplane mode for about ten seconds. This happens a lot to this particular phone series, look it up.KEYBOARD/TEXTING:The keyboard is really small. Reading the other reviews I didn't think it would be a problem since I have smaller hands, but it is. I always misspell a lot of my words and it sometimes lags when you're typing. Text messages are also stored in its internal memory, so messages fill up fast and once you've reached your max you'll have to delete your messages before you can get any more.APPLICATIONS:This phone has a very small internal memory and you can only have a handful of apps at the most.

I bought this phone for my daughter because she broke hers. when the phone got to me, I went to get it activated and found out it was flagged as lost or stolen and they could not connect it. I had to buy another phone.

Piece of crap, not worth $5 let alone $30. Whoever owned this phone did not take care of it. Said good condition but the condition was more like been run over by a truck! Super scratched,dented,did not charge properly! The phone was also insanely slow and had some serious problems with basic functions!! Could literally not have been more disappointed!

I lost my phone and am using this for a month and a half until I can get a new one. This will work just fine for my needs.

wonderful phone, it works, daughter lost her old one and we did not want to pay the high cost of a new phone..thanks.........will order from this vendor in the future!!

It was excellent condition. My daughter was extremely happy with it. .It's just enough phone for her and best pay it was sent to us right away. Thank you!!!

Brought this Product as a Gift for our Daughter, it's a great phone. It shipped fast and had a clean esn as advertised. There were no issues getting this phone connected and set up was quick and easy. I would definitely purchase from this seller again!

Data memory is not huge, so some websites will not load.  But most basic websites load fine and games play well.  Oh ya, this is a phone which sounds good to the caller and the caller sounds good to me.  Easy to use, nice screen swipe text feature for word suggestions.

It's not really that bad. It does what its suppose to do. I originally got it through sprint. The good is that it comes with loads of software. The bad is that the internal storage is really low, after a few app downloads your maxed out. That even doesn't include the updates the present apps require. Once I got my new job and started to travel frequently I started to max out on my contacts. I have to look at my apps and see what I don't use often then uninstall it. Then later on I need it. I get good battery life if on standby mode. I can usually go a couple of days without charging. Once I start using it on a regular basis then good riddance. It's down hill from there. Bottom line is that it's a phone you compromise with.

I ACTIVATED THE PHONE AND IT NEVER WORKED. THE PHONE KEPT ASKING FOR A PASSWORD WHICH LET ME KNOW IT WAS SOMEONE ELSE'S PHONE. I TOOK THE PHONE TO SPRINT AND THEY STATED THE PHONE WAS UNREPAIRABLE AND TO SEND IT BACK TO WHERE I GOT IT FROM. I SENT IT BACK AND GOT A REFUNDI WAS VERY UNHAPPY ABOUT THIS.....THE PHONE WAS FOR MY SONS BIRTHDAY & WE COULDN'T GET IT WORK

first off i bought this phone from ebay about 2 1/2 years ago. itt has been slammed, thrown, and  fallen into water. everytime i.thought it was going to fail me, it never did. when it got wet the screen didnt want to.work for about a day, however it still turned on! and woorked perfectly the next day! i have dropped it plenty of times, never got a cracked.screen. the only thing that has recently (about a month ago) had a problem.was that i let my teething daughter play with and she drolled into the speaker. it still works perfectly, only the recieving end can faintly hear me speaking. the battery life did go by pretty  fast, until i downloaded an app called 'batterry defender' the battery lasts all day with this app! i recommend this phone. it is a beast and can handle anything!

I have owned this phone for about a year or so. The only reason I am writing this review is because I was so sick of this worthless phone I stumbled upon it while looking for a new phone. This phone was fine at first but a few months in I started having problems. It would always tell me that there is no SD card in it. Then it started turning off whenever it fealt like it. Now whenever i try to download things it always says download failed. I hope this little blurb will prevent you from buying this phone. I wish I had known this when i got this phone for almost no cost when I switched probiders to this one.

I bought this as a gift for my mom's birthday and she loves it.  She needed an upgrade badly.  It's a little too much for her but she is getting the hang of it everyday.

Was unable to use to the phone. ESN didnt work for it. I was excited and wanted it but I was unable to use it.

Good phone for my boyfriend son, works well. Not too fancy touch screen works well. The phone came quickly. No damage noted. Very satisfied

I have had this phone for over a year and I still am completely satisfied.  I am sure there are always bad lemons with all electronics, but this phone does everything I need it to do.  Emails come in fast, it browses the web just fine, and rarely drops a call.Take the plunge on this phone, its worth it!

Ok phone for the price. Nothing fancy. Good phone for a regular day to day phone with texting and internet.

i myself bought this item in july of 11 and had never had a problem with it. i just bought this phone for a friend and its just as perfect.

Listen I had this phone for almost 2 years(so glad im getting my new phone this November). Anyways I've had so many problems with this phone. Seriously you cant even download half of the apps you want, such as Temple Run or Minecraft Pocket Edition. Yeah yeah I know you dont need apps or games and such. Sometimes this phone will freeze and crash apps or turn off randomly. The battery dies pretty quickly and the phone's 3G wifi is horrible.Please if you're a sprint member dont buy your daughter/son this phone they wont like it like I did.But if you want a free Phone you should buy this instead of wasting like $200 or $400 dollars on a Iphone5s or Galaxy S4

I worked for best buy and got this phone as soon as it was released, and got it for free and at first I was amazed because I was coming from the Verizon enV3 and wanted to try sprint because I had heard it was really good for the price. So far I had no issues at all from sprint when I first got the phone, but there are sooo many issues now! The first issue I noticed wast the fact that android 2.2.3 caused my phone to glitch alot because it was built more oriented to snapdragon processors, then when I got 2.3.3 it was literally not usable. The touch responsiveness in 2.2.2 felt like a normal heat responsive touch screen, and then when it went to 2.3.3 it acted like it was touch resistant and wouldn't scroll in browsers and would literally lock up and I found a way to downgrade it to 2.2.2 again and did that. Then everything started to do a little better as far as touch sensitivity is concerned. Then I had issues with the camera, I would press the record button if I did a video and it would ding like it was recording then it would just freeze and not do anything and I'd have to take the battery out and reboot it.Then after those issues, I noticed the processor is only like 653mhz or something close to it I believe, so if you like having apps like angry birds for instance it's gonna either lock up or the touch responsiveness is going to be crap. Oh and you only have 200mb of internal space and alot of apps wont save just on SD and not on the phone so when you download the apps that save onto the phone then that adds up to the space that the apps cache and there's the app data that fills up as well, I used my browser once to check facebook because the android app sucks and after using the slow as can be browser for about 20 mins I already had 5mb in cache and 48mb in data so I had to delete everything then because my phone was creeping by with everything suuuuper slowly!I've also had issues with the antenna on my phone, or at least that's what the service guy at sprint said it was, I was dropping calls left and right going from 5 bars+3g when I started the call, then half way into the call in the same spot I would have no service then when it dropped the call and returned to the home screen I had 5 bars+3g so everywhere I go I update my PRL and my Profile. Funny thing happened, when I went to sprint about the issue the tech guy took it to the back to "work on it" and checked the speed with..... my speedtest app, he declared that I was only downloading at 100kbs and he said that was ridiculously slow for the area we were in and said he could update the PRL and it should be faster and since I had worked at Best Buy Mobile I told him I did the same thing all the time but more power to him if he could do it better, after about 5 mins, idk what took so long because I was the only person there and he was just texting when I arrived, he came out and said "hmm that's strange, after the PRL update you're only getting 64kbs" he just looked stunned, I said see it's just as fast as dialup and its like that everywhere. He went on to say "Since you don't have the sprint insurance, you could pay us 30 dollars to take it apart, 40 dollars for a new antenna, and 10 to put it back together, or 30 dollars for the exact same phone(refurbished) or wait till 2 weeks from now and my specialist will be here and she can look at it, or contact LG with the issue and see if they'll replace it." For 1 the first option was ridiculous! 2 the second option was a phone that probably would've done the same thing, and the third option if LG had decided to replace it would've put me without a phone for who knows how long. So I just clock at anywhere from 60kbs(OTA) to 7mbs(home wifi).All in all I regret leaving verizon because the 69.99 unlimited data plan is a total bust, and the service just sucks! First off the 69.99 unlimited data sounded awesome, then they charge 10.00 dollars for premium data, and in my area in Louisville I had about 20 more dollars in taxes so I pay almost 92 dollars after everything, with sprint roadside I pay 96.44 every month for two flippin years with this crappy phone! I'm just incredibly displeased with the switch and will definitely not be back with sprint next time around.-Casey Summers

I got this phone for free through Sprint. I've had it for over two years now and it works great. The only con is it sometimes will restart itself and I have yet to figure out why it does, but this is a rare enough occurrence and the phone was free that I have no complaints. The internal storage is small (165MB) but this is a low end phone. Cpu is pretty weak (800Mhz single core qualcomm if I remember correctly [it does not support Flash]) once more nothing too surprising because it is a low end model. The pros for this phone are: it is put together very well, it has had many drops and my cat likes to chew on phones and mechanically it works perfectly, no cracked screens, no finicky buttons, the back cover has one small crack in the thinnest part of the plastic. The battery life is pretty good, I can surf the internet all day and it will need to charge at the end of the day or with moderate use the phone will last around a day and a half before I will get low battery warnings.Most issues that happen with the phone are software and are usually fixed by powercycling the phone.As long as you realize the limitations of this phone (weak cpu, low internal storage) this phone is great. It takes falls almost as well as my Samsung Rant (darn near Nokia phone durability). If you are thinking about getting a first smart phone this is great to start with. If you are a butterfingers and want a smartphone but don't want to cover $300 in 1/4" thick rubber, this phone is not going to shatter from a 6' fall (the battery will pop out though). And if you do break the phone it was cheap....All that being said, I want to get a new phone.

works great cheaper then my inserce and it works great but sprint sucks injeneral besides that draid anything are the s*** and i love it

I ordered this phone from book4lessnow for my father in law for christmas. The picture looks like the standard blue phone but when it showed up the phone was purple. I emailed the company only for them to tell me that they figured you could tell by the picture that it was purple. Definatly will not order from the company again.

Although I returned the device, the exchange for another device was smooth as can be and very much understanding, helpful and cooperative.

I have had an LG Optimus S for just under a year now, from Sprint. Do you enjoy a phone that randomly shuts itself off? Do you enjoy a phone that has trouble reading your SD card and acts like there isn't one in there? Do you enjoy having to take your phone in to be manually reset (or looking up how to do it yourself) because a software issue is causing it to hang? How about having to take the battery OUT and put it back in just to get it to turn on?NOW, my phone won't turn on at all.Again.Seriously? Run FAR away from this phone.

Great Phone !!!It has a voice to text message feature  from your voice mails. So cool. Nifty, sleek and affordable.

Very happy with purchase. The item was accurately described and I received it promptly. Lost my old cell, so I just needed a replacement.

This phone started out working decently, especially for the price. It ran the Droid OS pretty well, but proved not durable at all. I dropped the phone in water about a month into owning it, and instantly all warranty was voided and the phone never really worked again. It would only hold charge for an hour and a half at a time, the two center buttons stopped working, and the screen started cracking at the smallest drops. The phone wasn't durable at all.

I have had my LG Oprimus S for about ten months now.  It seemed like a great deal, because I got it free with a new  Sprint account.  Had I known then what I know now, I would have shelled out some dough for a bigger, faster phone.The screen size isnt so bad.  The first major problem is the touch calibration.  When the phone is tilted sideways, the calibration still reads as if the phone were upright.  This causes a LOT of misspelled texts.  Recalibration does not help.The second, and much bigger issue, is the speed of the phone itself.  In the first month, I noticed that it took time to load the photo gallery---sometimes upwards of a full minute, even with just a handful of photos taken.  By a handful, I mean six or seven.  I figured i could live with it, since it didnt happen all the time.Since then, the OS has updated twice.  Each time, the look of the interface has changed, and the phone has slowed down almost beyond usability.  Even when the signal is allegedly 3G, dialing and connecting a call sometimes takes forty-five seconds or more.  Lets hope you dont have an emergency!  The gallery sometimes doesnt even load, and it only reads text input at about three letters per second.  Any faster, and there are holes in the words because youve typed too fast.  Apps that worked fine before now force close repeatedly, and recieving calls while surfing the web crash the phone about one in three times.The last, and biggest issue with the speed lag is surfing the web.  Even in an area with a clear, good signal, the phone can't keep up with touch commands.  Touching a screen might result in the page zooming out, and scrolling doesn't register about half the time, and when it does it is choppy.  Holding the screen to control the scrolling results in non-rrsponsiveness, again about half the time.My tax refund is almost in.  Im getting and HTC evo 4g, and I suggest you do the same.

I loved it. I got it for my husband, I thought it would be used but it was brand new in a sprint box and everything. Best 75$ spent

Works great but unable to download varias games. Simple to use and  Great for simple basic use! Perfect for beginners

I have had this phone for almost two years now, waiting for my upgrade to occur.  I don't even know how to begin stating all the things i hate about this phone. i'll just start listing: When inserting the charger into the phone, the phone tells me to insert charger, low battery. I've been through three chargers in two years, each one ending the same way; not charging the phone. the os runs so slow and the screen lags with every touch of a button. Sometimes the screen doesn't respond at all to touch. The onscreen keyboard is a joke; the keys are so small a stylus is almost too big to use. and the wifi hotspot aspect does not work at all. I know this phone was free so I probably shouldn't blast it, but I feel like they should be paying me to use this phone. The phone freezes up suddenly and often, and the only way to fix it is to remove the battery and restart it. The upgrades sprint has done to the os hasn't done anything but changed the look of it. The picture gallery chooses when it will load and when it just shows a fuzzy screen. My phone constantly screams it has no more memory, even though there's no extra apps on it and all extras that are on there are stored on my sd card. the internet browser is super ridiculously slow, not even worth using.  It has gotten to the point where I don't even use my phone anymore. I don't really blame sprint's service, because my husband has the evo and never has problems. i do blame them for releasing this crappy phone, even if it was free. my upgrade is in a couple days, and I'm switching to the iOS. Much better than the Android system in my experience.

My phone recently was stolen from an amusement park and I needed a phone ASAP. So I ordered this one and just within 2 days it was on my front door step. Phone came in a very well, used condition and wasn't hard at all to get my number transferred! Works great as a quick replacement!

This phone was wiped so no one can put it on a network...very frustrating!! now its a useless phone that I need to just throw away

It's a smartphone.  There's that.  Smartphones are all neat.  This one's only &#34;okay,&#34; in my rating, however, because it is graphically and technically glitchy, not capable of multitasking, lacking in megapixels on the camera, and has hardly any internal storage space (which many programs apparently need).  The touchscreen is also a tad inaccurate or dull at times.  The battery life is fantastic, though.

i got this phone used to replace a samsung rant circa 2002... its really nice in my opinion... smartphone with android op system... brings me into 2010 phone service... i'll take it...

I just needed a replacment and didnt want to pay the $100+ at the spring tore for a new one.

I first got the phone and loved it! However, after having it a month, it has started freezing up not allowing me to call people and is being less than satisfactory. I previously owned the same phone but it got into a water accident, that phone never did this. However the phone I just purchased is. Really sad.

I also used my sprint discount upgrade and only paid for the activate fees $36.  So im thankful  eitherway.  Ive always liked LG, theyre my top three along with htc and Samsung.  I used this phone for 5+ months, and found out early that its not a phone for gaming or anything that loads heavy ram or graphics. Knowing that and the pho nes internal memory and ram loading memory limits you should be good and free of anymore suprises.  The phones overall performance was great, sound check, playback check, clear calls and text check,durability check...phone can take a beating and still didnt get any dings or scratches. My only issue was its low memory and ram.  Now you can save everything onto an sd card yet, texts, pics, browser, caches, etc those add up and weigh down the available ram.  Other than that, its an inexpensive, versatile, long lasting, competetive, durable, handy little phone  and android accessory.  I highly recommend for someone looking for an upgrade or replacdment or even as a new starter phone.  I think it had android os 2.0, little less complicated than the  3.0, 4.0.
