
AMIGO BUENAS TARDES QUE DIFERENCIA HAY ENTRE ESTE APARATO Y EL SONY LT26I CON QUE BANDA TRABAJA EL 3G Y 4G ES LIBERADO PORQUE LO VOY A USAR EN VENEZUELA

excellent! the cellphone is so good! cam 12megapix, memory 1gb! memory save 32gb! full hd cam, full hd video! all is good!

This Android Phone have all you want or need, the SONY XPERIA SL is the cell phone of future, no exist cell phone better than this

This phone is the best stable and very responsive. I like the Sony customization of the ui. It's had a great display and the resolution is very good although its 720 but it has a high pixel density. Make sure you have a micro SIM.About The Seller: Bought it from HasselFreeCell. It was not as advertised, It says U.S warranty but It wasn't for me. Still waiting for a response from them. Hopefully I'll get a Legit one soon.. I do not recommend The Seller I mentioned Above

32 gb memory, camera excellent for a fair price. I use in Brazil and works perfectly on 3g of Claro. The problem is the battery, I use constantly and in less than 8 hours I have to reload. Previously I had a Galaxy S and the battery lasted 1 day and a half with the same usage.

es un  buen telefono excelente lo recomiendo tiene una camara excelente es rapido tiene una buena pantalla la reproduccion de los videos son de alta calidad

Product had some issues but nothing major..Display wasn't as good as I thought it would be. It is very crisp than any other phones but colors are not spectacular and seems washed out.I switched to Xperia SL to Xperia Arc and even Arc seems to have more accurate colors than SL.The phone feels very good but the overall build quality is just alright. Quite a lot of dirt might get into edges.I was quite worried about the embedded battery since it's amount isn't very much (1750mAh) to power dual core processor and HD display.However, sony did a good job of managing the better life quite well. It will last a full day use with normal usage[web browsing, txting and calling] w/ 50% brightness of the screen.Snapdragon S3 1.7ghz dual core processor is quite outdated(2011) but the phone itself is pretty fast.However, the phone has stopped and been non-responsive unexpectedly twice already and it was pretty frustrated since it's battery is embedded.I don't know what's the deal with unexpected stop and it happens when i watch youtube videos.. hopefully sony will fix this problem by software update or something.Navigation touch buttons on the bottom of the phone is not really responsive and you kind of have to figure out where the touch sensor is and then once your fingers get used to it, its no problem.The camera takes little bit longer to capture and focus than such phones that has Snapdragon S4, S4pro, Nvidia Tegra3, Exynos 4412 Quad, A6 processors. (Ex. IPhone5, Galaxy S3, HTC OneX, LG Optimus G)But the quality of the picture is comparable to any other phones.Lastly, Design of the phone is the best out of all the other phones in current market right now.Transparent bar at the bottom makes the phone look distinctive and unique. It's square and arc mixture of design makes it look very sharp, clean, and makes comfortable in your hand.I would give this phone 3 and a half stars cuz of it's overall build quality and price but since there arnt any option for half star and I'm a sony fan so.. yeah:]If you are a sony fan and care about the design the most then this is it.Pros.-Unique & distinctive design-Matt finish and rounded arc design makes not slippery and comfortable in your hand.-Camera-Battery life-Clear and loud speaker-High density pixels(342ppi) HD displayCons.-Colors of the display is not as accurate and seems to be washed out.-Unexpected stop issues-Non-responsive navigation touch sensor.

The screen display is super cool, definitely best display quality phone in market, not "One of". The battery has no problem at all. It only takes 2 and a half hours to charge from 0% to 100% and it lasts for several days which is absolutely acceptable. This phone is stylish and runs application fast. For me, replacing battery is not an issue. As long as you know how to use screwdriver you are fine. It uses a standard battery under the back cover. DIY! Don't think the battery is unreplaceable.I live in US and it's hard to purchase cases for this phone. It's not possible to get accessaries at your local mobile store due to it's unpopularity (that's what I want, hate to use Iphone or Samsung like millions of others) and the cases sold on Amazon are not appealing to me.And also the phone I received is with an European/Asian charger and seller did include an adaptor for US use. However, it's ugly and bulky. Otherwise I would give 5 stars.

This smartphone is really good, it took a while to arrive (but it's not amazon's fault, but the company that sent it to my country). But it was well worth the wait, since my previous smartphone was an aging iPhone 3G. I bought it for using it in venezuela, I just put the SIM card (well, the micro one) in, and it worked perfectly. Works well  with all the cellular carriers here (movistar, digitel, i guess movilnet as well). It's fast, has a really nice screen, and a decent amount of memory. It mounts automatically once connected to my laptop, you don't need an intermediate programm at all. There is no SD slot, but I don't miss it. One charge lasts for the entire day (of course, provided you do not use it for intensive gaming). Antutu gave it 8341, which is good enough for me (for tweeting, some browsing, a few games, etc). It can even handle CPU demanding games, for instance riptide, which is a reference when it comes to benchmarking. I haven't tested other features yet, as the hdmi output, nor the cameras. but i strongly believe this is a good choice if you are looking for a decent, not so expensive, fully featured smartPhone.

I bought this phone unlocked based on its unique design and features.Design: The Xperia SL has a distinct design.  The back is curved  making the phone easy to hold. On the front there is a clear strip indicating the back,home and menu buttons. The phone has some weight to it but it's not a bad thing as it feels more sturdy then other phones like the Galaxy S 3.  Overall its design is unique and will appeal to people who want something different.Display: The 4.3" screen is bright and with a 1280 x 720 resolution the picture is very clear. The display is also scratch resistant which is a nice added bonus.Camera: The 12mp camera is great. It took well detailed photos in all environments including low light. There is also a front facing 1.3mp camera that's perfect for video chat.Battery: The battery is about middle of the pack when it comes to smartphones.  I was able to squeeze about 12 hours with moderate texting and calling.Network: I use AT&T; 3g and have found the speeds to be in line with other phone i have used.There are some negatives about the phone including a non user replaceable battery and no expandable memory card slot. Also the phone is not a 4g phone, just 3g.Overall this phone is great.  It may not be perfect but the pros far outweigh the cons and i highly recommend it.

I really wanted a quadcore phone with native HDMI output but I could only find MHL output options.  Not wanting to deal with converters and possible compatibility issues while traveling, I settled for this dual core phone with the HDMI output.  After a few weeks of use I am very happy with this purchase.  I have noticed a few hiccups while doing multiple processes, as I expected.  For instance, when playing music and downloading/installing app updates the music will cut out for a split second when the install starts.  I've never had this issue on my quadcore tablet so I assume that is likely the issue.  The battery life isn't great, but I expected that.  I plan to purchase a portable battery charger for long trips.  The Home and Back buttons don't always respond well to my touch and require several attempts (even prior to applying a screen protector so I won't blame that).  I only used the camera once as a test and it is much better than my old Xperia X10 mini, but I won't be giving up my Cybershot anytime soon!  The video quality is good although in my test video it tended to go in and out of focus quite a bit (dim light and 2 kids).  I haven't used the front camera for video chats yet and will update later for that.  Overall the phone responds and performs well and was a nice upgrade from my old Xperia.  No doubt there are better and newer options out there but this is probably one of the better options with native HDMI support if that matters to you.

Castellano:Tengo pocos d&iacute;as con mi espectacular Xperia SL negro. Las expectativas fueron cubiertas con creces, yo vengo de un blackberry curve 8520 el cual mantuve por dos a&ntilde;os y medio, no soy un consumidor empedernido de terminales, me gustan los equipos duraderos con excelente performance y la mejor relaci&oacute;n de costo. Yo creo que nada igual a $378 (o menor) puede con el Xperia SL, este equipo tiene un procesador doble nucleo de 1.7 GHz, 32 GB de memoria y 1GB de RAM, una gran c&aacute;mara (de las mejores), 3G de cuatro bandas y una excelente pantalla HD de 4.3 pulgadas, &iquest;quien puede dar lo mismo o m&aacute;s por el mismo precio?. Casi todo es positivo por el momento, me hubiese gustado una bater&iacute;a de mayor duraci&oacute;n pero todo smartphone de mercado actual padece el mismo defecto. Es un tel&eacute;fono 4 estrellas pero por un precio tan bueno se gano las 5 estrellas.English:I have a few days with my black SL Xperia spectacular. The expectations were amply covered, I come from a blackberry curve 8520 which I kept for two years and a half, I'm not a compulsive consumer terminal, I like the durable equipment with excellent performance and more cost. I think nothing equals $ 378 (or less) can with the Xperia SL, this computer has a dual-core 1.7 GHz, 32 GB of memory and 1GB of RAM, a great camera (the best), 3G quad band and an excellent 4.3 inch HD screen, who can give the same or more for the same price?. Almost everything is good for now, I would have liked a longer battery life but all smartphone current market suffers from the same defect. It is a phone 4 stars but for a price so good he won the 5 stars.

The phone is really good except for the battery it drains out in just one day. You can notice the speed difference of the processor.

nice phone with win win price! 1.2 camera and beautiful display has replaced my camera. now I can shoot any time I want!

Its a good phoneVery fastGreat cam and screenBut the battery is small for this phonescreen consumes tlo much

I bought Sony Xperia SL because my previous phone Xperia X10 mini Pro was nice phone, the SL say playstation certified and anothers features. I always expected the graphics were better but after a month of purchase had an error and the screen permanently acquired a sepia effect, no color was what had to be.The error is a know error http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2174460disappointed with Sony regarding these phones

it got damaged in some days of use only. so not happy with product.. hope to get replacement of repair cost

Very good smartphone,  it has everything you will need. Android  4 is a very good feature comparing to Android 3. the camera is amazing, a little bit slow but great pictures. The screen is one of the best in market. I did not rate 5 because it has some problems with Bluetooth and battery in full mode is not enough. But very very recommended if you compared with an iPhone or galaxy for this price.

I decided to let go and change my blackberry to android, after much searching a phone that met my expectations, and I did not want any Galaxy or Iphone, I came across this amazing Sony, at the beginning I had my doubts but I decided for the good comments and I have no regrets, I love it!, its size is perfect, I can hold it with one hand without fear of falls, a super-resolution screen, is fast to navigate, works with a microsim. The only bad and therefore do not give it 5 stars is because the battery life is very short and I charge every day, just use the basics, email, chat and some web queries, but otherwise super happy.

Comparandolo con los S3 y Galaxy note de mis compa&ntilde;eros no tiene mucho que envidiarles, incluso tiene algunas caracteristicas que son mejores y a un costo totalmente accesible, sobretodo en Venezuela donde tenemos problemas con los dolares.La linea movistar 3G funciona a la perfeccion, la camara es muy buena y la velocidad del telefono igualmente, asi como la resolucion de la pantalla.100% recomendado.

Love it. So easy to use..Lightweight and really awesome....Really smart investment. All I need now is a really good case to protect it..

Producto excelente calidad, bien descrito, rapido envio, recomendado al 100%. Buen funcionamiento, buena calidad de camara, no soy aficionado de android

Got it for like a month now, so far so good.  No major issue, has a build in memory of 32GB which I like.

I think everything is good with this cell phone. I totally recommend it. I love it. The camera is excellent, it take a gorgeous pictures.

Thanks for the sale of the product, excellent recommendation, 100% honest and Spot.Exclente Thanks for the product and for shipping, greetings from Venezuela

Just love. Good size, screen with dazzling colors. Thousands of applications for store play, slides very well. The only thing I really like is that the battery does not last long, drive down the screen brightness to save her a bit. From other excellent phone, I do not regret changing my blackberry, 1000% better.In Venezuela works perfectly

I'm like in the middle of knowing the cell phone but i'm enjoying it! :D and thanks to the seeler! :D

I like it,the chic color, super fast response, easy to handle and touch, camera and video is bright and crisp simply clear and easy access button for capturing. audio nothing special, some headset doesn't work. cool features.one star down for the battery life ;(believing sony... ;)

Beautiful, sturdy phone.  I especially loved the front-facing camera, which was clearer on skype than my webcam on my computer.  Unfortunately, I had to return it because it does not support the 1700 mHz frequency that my carrier uses for high-speed data.  The seller (Amazon) refunded 100% of what I paid (minus shipping) within a day or two of me sending the product back.  I'm extremely satisfied with the service I received and will miss this phone.

A great phone, with great screen quality.Pros -:Superb ScreenGreat Voice QualityGreat Reception (Eg. In India)Good Response, Powerful CPUGreat Memory (32Gig, but no expansion Slot)Cons -:Battery Life, Battery not user replaceable.

Very nice phone with high quality! Android 4.0 makes everything easy to handle. Run fast! Same amount of good apps compared with iphone. If you feel tired with iphone or samsung, this one is a good offer. Only weakness is tapping Back, Home or Menu is a little bit tricky.

The display is astonishing. OS runs pretty fast. Camera is very very good!It's bang for the buck nowadays when the new gen phones are coming out.

i like the handset because it is rugged and stronger and the last phone i used. It also have hotspot so i don't need to buy internet modem.

Best phone ever. Especially using it in the US where iphones & galaxy roam. Get a lot of stares & compliments in the elevators or around the office. (especially w/ the lil light up stripe on the bottom). Super cute that it comes in Pink (thought i wish it was a more pale pink ....the picture on the site is a bit deceiving!!). AND it has magical powers...maybe it's just the one i have : I dropped my phone numerous times & the screen shattered. I was so stressed out thiking it's gonna be really expensive to replace ethe screen ( and IT IS through Sony cuz no where else sells the part). I slept on it ...and after like 2 days...the cracks disapperaed. It like melted into the cracks/whatever. My friends that had shattered Iphones are so jealous hehehehehehe ....

It is everything I expected to be and more.  The price is not bad, either.  I am very satisfied. with it.

I've only had this phone for over a month, but so far I love it.  Would recommend this product to anyone.

the phone is very good but its battery is not as good.overall I liked the unit and recommend the store because it was delivered quickly and product arrived with no problem.

First off this unlocked sony phone isnt to big or to small and has a unique U shapped design to it so its easier to hold in your hands, but the best spec that i found great for this phone are:*1.5 dual core processor that makes gameplay and app multi-tasking a breeze*4.3 inch scrren with excellent ppi*8 megapixal Camera with HD and 1.3 megapixal front facing camera*Great battery*Sony store to play your favorite playstation games and movies*The stylish strip going across the bottom of the screen that lights upThis phone is compatible with AT&T; and Straight Talk towers

I have no complaints about it, it's perfect. I like it and I had to wait longer than expected. :D

I am a Sony fan but honestly I was expecting more from this phone.  This is my 3th Xperia cellphone, and I was really exciting to check this new model.Good: Really nice shape, the screen in HD is amazing to watch videos. The camera is fast and high quality as well. The battery have a long duration compared with others smartphones. The software is much better than the previous version, the touching keyboard works nice in double languages and switches automatically. Its is really  nice. The system to recognize the voice is amazing too, you just need to shake the cell phone to activate the Google voice. The frontal camera  is nice and high quality as well, I am using it to skype my mom in Brazil using this phone and works fine, like my laptop in video conference. The backcover is quite easy to remove to insert you microSIM chip, which is much much better than the others models, so far.Bad: The size is too big for me. Its is thin, but for example, you can not do a call easily with a unique hand for example. It is bad in some situations, for example in a cold weather,  but if you have big hands this will not be a problem for you. The quality of the sound is bad compared with previous Xperia mini pro and Xperia pro for example, and I like Sony due the high quality of the sounds in their devices. Another problem with the sound, is that it is too loud, even at the minimum volume. If you are in a shared environment  and want  listen music in a low volume do dot expect the low volume with this phone, you will need to use your headphones. This is bad, because sometimes my hears are &#34;tired&#34; from headphones. Another problem is that If you are using headphones and wanna pass for the next music, the control of the headphone can do that. The same silence button of headphone can be used to pass to the next music, which is cool, but sometimes its simply does not work.... I will keep it with me but I guess the Xperia pro is a better option after the last upgrade of the software provided by Sony. This model sometimes became frozen, and you can do nothing, once that the battery are non removable.  This last problem improved after the upgrade. However, that last thing that you wanna do after buy a new cool cellphone is waste your time doing a software upgrade in the fist week with your new phone. Good luck in your choice. --Marcelo

Phone for 7 star from 5. All is the best, just RAM have to be 1 GB, but I can use only 635 MB of it. Anyway I never use that much of memory. SONY is the best!

The Sony Xperia smartphone is a beauty. It is a really wonderfull device, have an excelent design, functionality and useful. The camera is awesome. The sound is clear and powerful, you know, Sony is an expert in sound-related topics.The only problem I found is battery. It lasts about only 8 hours per day, maybe less. But of course, after using it more and more days, the battery is lasting more time. Now it lasts about 11 hours, which is good for the kind of usage I do: surf on the net, listening to my music, some videos, etc. It seems to be that battery needs to reach some kind of equilibrium after the first time of usage.

Excellent device, totally recommend it. It works very well and is very cute. A little heavy but after a couple of days you get used. I bought it in January and I'm still thinking it's great. The delivery was veryaccurately.

the only problem is that it get suck sometime.everything else is perfect., such as the screen, the camera. it's much lighter than iphone. ha

Comprenlo con los ojos cerrados... Buen equipo a un precio realmente justo, sobre todo comparando con las barbaridades de precios de celulares en Venezuela

excelente articulo 100 % recomendados desde Venezuela muy r&aacute;pido el env&iacute;o solo un d&iacute;a me alegro much&iacute;simo era exactamente lo que queria

Once I upgraded the phone I loved it ,a bit disappointed about the camera at times but Im still getting to know the phone so maybe it's just me ,the screen is also not scratch resistant so that's false advertising I'm was so upset so I had to immediately get a screen protector .other than that I'm working with it and getting to love it more each day

Saludos desde Valencia.Equipo altamente recomendado en mi opinion la mejor relacion costo-calidad.hasta ahora sin problemas.el courier usado fue GraphicMailStore

i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 cause of the internet that goes fast and stops. it might just need to be updated on data usage but that is 1 problem that ive encountered so far, everything else is great from texting to calling. All of it was clear as a bell and my Bluetooth headset works great with it. i concider this a very good phone and would love to invest in another sony phone in the future with the next 4g phone they make and not the xperia t. the apps work nice and the GPS is lovely.

The phone is absolutely gorgeous, and it is a pleasure to hold and look at.  Screen resolution/quality are top notch, as is the sound quality.  The Xperia SL provided the best sound quality I've had thus far on a phone. In comparison to other Sony phones... namely the Acro S, the S, the P, and the T/TL, this is probably the most balanced phone.  It has the fastest processor, and the best screen size.  It is not so large as to look cartoonish a la Samsung Galaxy SIII, but it is also large enough that give a great web browsing and reading experience.As to the Android issues I mentioned?-This phone is currently running Android ICS, and it will be mid 2013 before it sees an upgrade to Android Jelly Bean - the version of Android currently available.-There are occasional slow-downs and glitches, overall this phone is more stable then your average Samsung or HTC device, but the iPhone and any Windows Phone device outperform the best Android devices any day of the week.

Overall, it's a good buy, price is reasonable. I hope they would include the mini HDMI cable, a little disappointment there. Shipping was ok, over a week, not able to track through USPS mail though.

I bought this phone and a &#34;Straight Talk&#34; micro sim card from Walmart so I can use their unlimited service (talk, text, data) for $45/mo. Didn't know if they'd work together but thankfully they did! The phone and the service work fantastic - it has better speed and service than a friend's Samsung Galaxy on the Verizon network (we tested and compared). The picture quality on this phone is amazing! The screen puts my old Iphone 3GS and the Galaxy to shame. It is very easy to work and runs very smoothly. I was going to order a protective case for it, but have yet to do so because the phone seems VERY sturdy to the point that it seems like it really doesn't need one. I dropped my iphone ONE time and it completely shattered everywhere - I was not happy! So far, I have dropped this phone twice and it does not even have a single scratch. HIGHLY recommend this phone!

The worst smart phone I ve ever seen . The expect much better from sony .it was very disappointing. I return it .

Responsable en el envio, lleg&oacute; antes de lo pautado. El producto es exactamente como lo solicite, excelente vendedor, lo recomiendo ampliamente. Desde Venezuela.

Lo tengo hace una semana y parece ser todo lo que promete. Las fotos y los v&iacute;deos son excelentes! El navegador es muy rapido. El sistema operativo es perfecto. Tambi&eacute;n recomiendo al vendedor! Lo env&iacute;o incluso antes de lo que prometi&oacute;. 100% recomendado.

I had this phone before but someone stole itI don't know why but actually this one is way better than the one I had before, the battery lasts forever and it feels more smothlyjust buy it, even better than a galaxy III, try it!

All things are good except battery. The battery last very short time if you use lots of apps. It is better to buy a mobile charge. Hope people who went out a lot no buy this phone

Excelente equipo, funciona perfecto con Movistar en Venezuela, sumamente rapido. El acabado de Sony es exepcional y las caracteristicas del telefono muy buenas solamente mejoraria la sensibilidad de las teclas de funciones que estan en la parte de abajo de la pantalla.

Really good phone , it has a good storage and it gets the job doneReally good phone, its nice and elegant (One of the best looking phones I've had) But, the camera button is unresponsive and doesnt work for me , the battery is good enough to do the job , the phone wont connect to my usb port for my sterio , but its a phone and it works so its ok , but over all its a good phone but needs work(updated 3/3/2013)

el telefono me vino con un problema el cual es que la SIM card se desmonta cuando el telefono se pone en stand by

The phone is sleek and very pretty, but its performance leaves much to be desired, time battery life is short, and also has a chamber poblema the focus in low light, but the pictures on the day are very good .

This was my last android phone. I moved from a Samsung Galaxy Ace 2 and I regret..why: the Sony is not LTE/4G, so data performance is not faster than in the cheaper Samsung. Battery on the Samsung lasts almost twice.Strong points in the Xperia: awesome camera with less than 2&#34; point and shoot features (sometimes it didn't worked), awesome screen. Anyway is not worthy to pay almost 500$ for it

I wanted a phone device while going out of US for sometime. I have had high expectations from Sony but this phone certainly isn't worth the amount I paid for. It sucks.Pros:The phone shipped very quick, thanks to the seller.Cons:The phone has a DULL look, the resolution is faded.The performance isn't as good as expected, I realized this while I was playing Temple Run, the screen skipped a few frames.The screen ended up in too many scratches as I kept it in my pocket.I should have done a better R&D; before purchasing this product. This is certainly a NO-GO !! If you want a better product, try Nexus 4 for $396 on Google, it includes tax+shipping charges.Bottom line is this product sucks. Don't buy it. I will never buy Sony phones again

First of all it comes with Android ICS (4.0.4) out of the box. It makes easy to use and you'll find lots of apps for free.The display is amazing, colors are great, the video quality is excellent in HD and you can see it clearly even with sunlight over it.The battery works just fine, almost a couple of days with music, wi-fi and data traffic turned on (normal for a smartphone). Even though if you use it to browse a lot, you will shorten the battery level faster.Speaking of music, sound is awsome when you use headphones, it has equalizer, so you can fix the sound the way you like it.What else can I say? I really like this phone, was a very good purchase and is a very good option for those who want a smart phone with excellent performance for a reasonable price.

The Sony Xperia SL LT26II Unlocked Android Phone is a great phone!  The model is great because of the many unique features!  I enjoy this model because it has so much more than some of the other phones out on the market!  There are trendy phones out there that cost so much money, that I think are overly priced.  I think that this phone is reasonably priced and of great quality!  I would 100% recommend this phone and any other phones like this particular one to anyone and everyone looking to buy a unique, interesting, and great quality phone!

The design and functions of Xperia SL is the most amazing phone I have ever seen. The quality of the camera is perfect like you are using a Sony Cyber-shot camera. The speed and its performance is very good and quickly responding and can be easily updated from Ice cream sandwich to Android Jelly Bean 2.1. Very happy that ordered this phone considering the price and its quality.

Great experience, all you need from a Smartphone you'll found in this one!! And with a better price than their competitors!!

The phone arrived in excellent condition, very pleased with the purchase and service, the phone works perfectly with the line here in Venezuela.

It's an excelent celphone, simple but powerful and elegant!Incredible definition, pictures, software and more...Awsome tool for work, study, fun...

It was all i expected and the phone came with the right OS. hopefully there is an upgrade to jellybean march and sony needs to step up on the camera, especially at night.

It's good and i like it.hhIt's good and i like it.It's good and i like it.It's good and i like it.

this review is based on using this phone with T-Mobile prepaid SIM.I have never seen anything flashy as that phone. to be honest after playing with it for a bit, using an iPhone now feels like using phone from the iCe-agethe BAD... the phone failed to do the one function any phone worldwide was simply designed to do, which is acting like a phone should act.. VERY weak reception. to the point where I thought something is wrong with the network. I tried the same SIM with other regular flip phones, and it did wayyy better than this terrible phone did..my opinion, look somewhere else.. I will always have respect for Sony, but making phones isn't there thing

So far the phone is good responding to what I need. Except the phone feature is very sensitive.  Looking for software upgrade soon

Sin duda cubri&oacute; todas mis expectativas...Puntos a favor:Un excelente tel&eacute;fono y un r&aacute;pido envi&oacute; (En menos tiempo del estipulado) por parte del vendedor!Lo recomiendo 100%

Excelente Telefono las im&aacute;genes se ven muy bien, el procesador es arrechisimo la velocidad de reaccion en buena lo recomiendo 100%

muy bueno funciona perfecto en VENEZUELA, con Movistar funciona bien es muy r&aacute;pido, c&oacute;modo,  buenas fotos muy bueno el telefono

I love the phone. The design is great and the camera is amazing. I needed phone that is smaller than the latest Android phones so this one serves the purpose perfectly.

i love this perfect phone even if the battery and the color have some little trouble.i still love it,it's really perfect

Excellent cellphone with great camera, awesome screen, sound is brilliant, 100 % recommend, I am from Venezuela and this smartphone works great.

Coming from a former AT&T Wireless sales rep this is hands down the best phone that I've ever used in my 10+ years in the wireless industry. I'm a little biased on this as well I thought the Iphone was the best, but then every year they made the same phone only small changes not enough to buy a new handset. Coming from a 3Gs this is a huge upgrade. I'd Highly Recommend this handset over any Iphone anyday!

I've been saving money for a very long time, hoping Sony could give us something really amazing. And actually, it was really worth it. This Sony Xperia SL is just exactly what I was looking for. I could not be more fascinated. Thanks sony and amazon!

I was thinking that Sony had it down by now making a nice, fast, smooth, rigid phone. The phone is excellent design and looks, has nice appearance from all angles. However the build quality is very iffy.  Within 2 days, the phones outside layer was peeling from my rings. The corners are getting peeled slowly, its nothing but just cheap poor quality.  The best thing you can do is get a case for the phone RIGHT AWAY!  The 1.7 ghz processor does lag here and there and Also the 12 MP camera is not all that, my HTC Evo 4G had a better quality 8MP camera, this phone is just Over Hyped by Sony, You can find a better HTC for the money

It's a great tlf! Lo compr&eacute; desde maracay Venezuela todo perfecto, llego rapido a traves de lara express xoxo :9

I like this phone. Very complete in features, fast in responses and elegant IU design.Me ha gustado este tel&eacute;fono. Muy completo en funciones, r&aacute;pido y un dise&ntilde;o de interfaz elegante

For me is a good product, because It is compact, smart, an cheap. For me is better than Iphone 4

This phone works excelent, at he moment i don't found any disvantage, run fast and ist easy to use .

I AM HAPPY TO GET IT. IT'S A VERY NICE LOOKING PHONE, ITS EVERY THING IS GOOD BUT I AM VERY UPSET WHEN I SAW THAT ITS MADE BY CHINA. BECAUSE ONE YEAR AGO I BOUGHT SONY XPARYA RAY IT WAS MADE IN CHINA, AFTER ONE MONTH IT WAS DEAD FOREVER. I LOST MY MONEY. SO I DO NOT KNOW WHEN IT WILL BE DEAD!!!!!!!!

El tel&eacute;fono definitivamente es potente; buen procesador, pantalla, camaras, memoria y lo mejor de todo un excelente precio.Solo algunos detalles a considerar:1.- El peso. Muy pesado. Pesa considerablemente mas que el Galaxy S3.2.- La sensibilidad de los botones de &#34;Regresar&#34;, &#34;Home&#34; y &#34;Men&uacute;&#34;. Es baja, no responde inmediatamente al toque, normalmente hay que estar tanteando hasta conseguir el punto.3.- La ubicaci&oacute;n del bot&oacute;n de desbloqueo. Hubiese sido mejor que estuviera en donde est&aacute; el bot&oacute;n de la c&aacute;mara y no arriba cerca del conector de auriculares, sobre todo por el tama&ntilde;o del tel&eacute;fono.

This phone is for people with distinctive class.The phone is awesome.I have owned a lot of phones in the past.Am talking about from  vertu to dell and the rest.This is by far my favourite. Highly recommend to those who want to stand out from the crowd.

el mejor terminal android que he tenido excelente prestaciones r&aacute;pido y completo toda una joya funciona de maravilla con las operadoras telef&oacute;nicas en Venezuela, navegaci&oacute;n con 3g full conectividad a wifi la camara es la mejor que he probado excelente fluidez de datos

is one of the best smartphones on the market and supported by this company distinguished by its quality, camera is a bit difficult to use to achieve excellent results

best android phone i've ever seen although i'm a really iphone fan. it has a great camera and video record. as a CON i would say its plastic cover is too fragil and the battery top comes out too easy. but considering the price is the best phone you can get

Phone has a lot of good things however beware that the battery is not the best and it really drains in one day or less depending on the applications you're using, heats up a little while surfing the web or paying but nothing to worry about. Camera is on the other hand a great plus, 12MP with flash, 32GB is enough space to hold pics, music and apps, so no need to worry about that, so far I only had to reset it once (power button + volume up for 5 sec)while surfing it froze and had to go for the resetting trick. Very good screen you can watch movies on netflix and is like a small tv, awesome image, and the looks, thats another plus, is one of those phones that even friends who are iphone freaks when they saw it had second thoughs about their choice, will definitevily caugh everybodies atention once they see it. So if you dont want the slimmest phone in the market and you dont need quad core this is definitively an option to go for.

1.7 GHz processor...great interface!!!!smart headphones...great when playing the Walkman app at the gym!!!Screen size...great clear view of any video, pic, navigation, reading emails, etc!!!50 Gb BOX cloud storage... AWESOME gift from SONY MOBILE!!!Very competitive smartphone at an excellent market price... I highly recommend this item!!!...it rocks!!!

I highly recommend this model phone Sony Experia. Excellent price value. Its performance is formidable. The camera takes excellent photos and audio quality as usual the Sony.

Muy buen buen telefono, funciona en venezuela perfectamente con Movistar no hay necesidad de comprar un telefono 200$ mas caro si este hace lo mismo y tienes mas funciones aparte 12Mp de camara no tienen comparacion

I like it, it is a good and fast high end phone, it is very hard due the fact I had dropped it from my hands a lot of times and is still working in one piece, you need to put a screen cover otherwise you could get some scratch on your screen, but anyway it is a very durable phone, something that sony always know how to do.I live in Latin America and this phone is able to work on the networks of Telefonica Movistar, Digitel Tim and Movilnet from Venezuela, I travel a lot to Europe, I have an Ortel Mobile chip on it and I have been able to connect any carrier network on this phone using roaming and get full access to the network.The only fault is the battery, you can get a full day of battery if you don't use a lot of apps like Maps and Facebook, otherwise your battery will drain in half day. With the last update you can activate the Extended Battery Mode, some sort of Stamina mode for this phone model and you can get a respectable one or two days of battery but sacrificing the push data notifications, but you can always get a car charger and problem solved.You can update your phone if it doesn't come with the latest update from sony, and it will be very stable and fast, the only thing I miss from the 4.0 system is the ability of taking 3D pictures which is one of those AWESOME for showing to your friends features, I think it could get the same functionality using other apps on the Google Play Store, but with the update to 4.1 you get Google Now a really cool assistant feature from google (so smart that it really scare me).Another cool thing is that Xperia S has a lot of fans on the market, and the Xperia SL is basically the same phone with a faster processor, in that way almost any custom rom and customization of the Xperia S can be used on the Xperia SL, including Cyanogen Mod, you can easily get the root for this phone searching on the XDA developers forum for "Doomlord easy rooting toolkit for Xperia S".You can also play games and watch movies on your tv if you order the micro hdmi to hdmi cable, it is PlayStation Certified, that means that you can play very cool 3D games on this phone like Call of Duty, N.O.V.A, Asphalt 8, etc... and the graphics are like a PS2, you can also connect a Dual Shock pad using the corresponding USB OTG cable and you instantly have a PlayStation that can be hold in the palm of your hand. On the manual says that you can use the control remote from your tv to control the phone but the tv has to be HDMI control enabled, and it doesn't work in all the TVs from the market, until now I haven't been able to test that feature, because I have and old Sony Bravia TV, one of those 720p that first came on the market.In general I am very happy with this phone and by the time it is going to stop receiving updates from Sony I probably going to get a custom room like Cyanogen Mod, it cost me about 340$ that is a lot of cheaper than an unlocked iPhone, it have a cool 12mp camera a fast processor, it is PlayStation Certified and I like Android far more than iOS.

The quality is good since it is shipped from the sony. I am not sure. how the cellphone works. the feel and touch is good.

This phone is amayzing!!! The size is perfect for the hand and the build quality is perfection. The interface is beautiful, way better than an iphone's interface. The phone is fast and with the best quality screen on market. For US buyers interested in this phone, the phone uses a mirco-sim, so any GSM carrier can give you service. This phone will not work with a CDMA service provider. With a 12.1MP camera your photos are the BEST, most phones only have a 8MP camera. Dont consider the CNET review too much, their review showed the phone as being mediocre, but the phone is sooo much better than what they show. Buy with confidence, Sony products are the best.

i like itis a very exceptional phone, easy to use, ligth weigth, powerfull sistem and excellent aplications i love it

So i have this phone for almost a week now and this is the best phone i have owned yet! The screen is absolutely stunning, processor is very fast and the phone design is just gorgeous! I am loving this device..The only thing that could have been better is the battery. It will last a day with normal use (3 hours talk, web surfing, music, games).

It's a good phone. Fast, the right size, nice storage and screen.The only thing I would like to be better is the battery, not the worst, but doesn't last all day.

I recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a phone that is really pretty and has a great functionality. The camera has a great resolution.

It is fast, have the correct size, the photo camera is excellent best than others cell phone, the battery could be better.

excellent product just received it today from the courier costs in Venezuela but everything perfectly works perfectly with my account of Digitel in Venezuela recommend movistar tried it worked well with fast and reliable

Highly recommended phone. It runs fast and the screen looks so good. It is well designed. Best gift for girls.

I did a lot of research and comparisons I was so decided on getting an Iphone but having more storage memory than the basic Iphone having a bigger screen a better camara NFC and the much less restricted Android OS at a much lower price Im so glad I picked this up. The BRAVIA display I think is also better than the galaxy. I highly recommend this phone.

its a good celphone, not really fast whit a 1.7ghz processo like I think, but is ok, te battery its the problem personally needs to charge twice at day.

I got this phone because I wanted an unlocked international compatible smartphone that was a bit different. I had researched many different options, and I have always liked Sony products so I picked this up. Upon doing some research this is just an Xperia S with a factory overclock. It ships with ICS and supposedly come April we will be getting Jelly bean. Anyways onto the pros and cons:Pros:-Fast processor-Good amount of RAM-32 GB of storage-Screen is nice and big-Very unique phone-Good ergonomics and design-AMAZING cameraCons:-Signal will occasionally drop and re pickup, when it does this, the phone has a tendency to lock up (happens when traveling, freezes for about 10 seconds)-Vibrate motor is Loud-Cant expand the storage-Cant remove the battery-Doesn't have Jellybean yetI am using this phone on Tmobile in Southern California, and I can pick up Edge about 30% of the time, and the other 70% I'm on HSPA which is similar to 3g. When I went to Florida, I was able to pick up 3g. The data speeds are good on HSPA and 3g, but Edge is just plain slow. This is more of a carrier issue though.

I really like this phone, but after 3 months it started freezing up and simply turned off on its own. The camera is good but very slow compared to other phones I've had.

Super rapido en la entrega el producto llego 100 % original y en buen estado lo estoy usando con movistar Venezuela

I love how this phone looks it's very unique and looks very elegant in silver color. Also I like the Sony android interface and apps, the CPU/GPU are powerful enough for smooth operation and playing all kinds of games. The 12MP camera takes great videos and still images, I also like the fast capture feature and the 3D panoramic pics. The HD screen looks awesome but I wish it was a little bigger.The only downside I felt was battery life wasn't very good, with heavy use it might not last a full day, but with regular use it lasts a full day with no problem.

I like everything from this phone. I have it for only a few months and the paint on the USB cover is peeling off. I email customer service and they gave me a case number to resolve my concern. I have to make a call someone over the phone and guess what the tech support say. SONY will not warranty any cosmetic due to normal use. Why they told me to call them then? Please take a look their email as follow."Dear XXXX,Thank you for contacting Sony Xperia(tm) Online Support.We apologize for the delay in this response. In regards to your inquiry, we are sorry to hear your phone's USB cover is peeling off. Please keep in mind that your request requires that you call in for continued support, we've generated an Interaction number of 1-XXXXXXXXX. Please contact 1-866-766-9374 and provide this Interaction number to the Support Agent you speak to.As part of Sony Mobile's commitment to excellent customer service, we offer a wide variety of mobile products to suit your lifestyle. If you require more information, or have any other questions, please visit [...]Kind Regards,XXXXXSony Xperia US Customer Services"

I think everything is already said about tech specs, ease of use and sort of things.So I'll write about a proof that tests the phone in a deeper level. Time proof. And it passes very well. At least, since the hardware scope.The phone behaves just like the first day, in terms of speed, OS, apps, wireless connectivity, storage... Great.Of course, I've installed some new apps (Games mostly), and I figured out that despite the app runs smoothly in the most cases, the juice runs out faster. Example: Fifa 14 consumes almost the double of energy respect to Fifa 12. And the phone warms a lot, but never compromising the phone's functionallity; I mean, the phone never shuts down or gets melted. In other words, the physical resources of the phone (RAM, proc) are used at 100% in larger amounts of time.As the phone still being competitive despite being released in 2012, I think LT26ii is a great long-term option (And IMHO deserves, at least, JB 4.3. Here is the problem with the phone; and is not really a phone's problem, is a manufacturer problem). The phone has some little dents in one of the corners (A 3 ft. fall). I have not bought pads, screen protectors or anything like that. Ah! and a 1/4 in. scratch in the screen, almost invisible.I hope this review helps you to make a great choice.

My wife very excited about this phone. She don't use much of functions of course, but esthetic and stable work makes it great for her.I use galaxy S2 but I'm impressed with a quality of this phone as well.

Highly recommended phone. It runs fast and the screen looks so good. It is well designed. Best gift for girls.

I really enjoy this phone, especially the camera but it has severe speed/memory trouble. It takes a while to load applications, my music pauses if something else is processing at the same time and the battery life is horrible. Sometimes it erroneously says I have no memory to update apps. It does have a decent power-saving mode that is useful (especially at night) and I recommend using the least bearable brightness level.The voice commands work great, even with multiple languages.It is handy to have a portable power packi.Sound Portable Power Max 8,000 mAh for iPod, iPad, iPad2, iPhone, Droid, and Blackberryif you use this phone a lot throughout the day.

It was delivered on the time and it was well packagedworked perfectly :)i loved the xperia sl its unique and got everything but i hate the battery :/you need to recharge it twice aday

Me funciono perfectamente en Venezuela, sin ningun problema, con la compa&ntilde;ia Movistar. Exelente camara sobre todo en la noche, toma videos de muy alta calidad.

Calidad en el servicio y la entrega del equipo. Smartphone de excelente prestaciones con las operadoras de telefonia celular en Venezuela, lo recomiendo ampliamente como herrammienta de trabajo y uso ejecutivo del equipo. Saludos Cordiales.

Good interactivity with my gmail account; but the touchscreen is not very responsive.  Still trying to figure out some of the buttons.  Would not recommend for purchase.

you buy one for days but do not know which is the key to unlocking.urgent help, you buy one but I have not the key is very good phone

I have had an iphone4 in the past and tried a Samsung Galaxy but found that the latter had a poor battery. So tried the Xperia.I cannot fault this one at all! It does everything android, has an amazing (Sont Bravia TV type) massive and clear screen. It doesn't focus on BRIGHT (as Samsung does) but rather on clarity, colors etc and HD videos are quite a vivid experience. The processor seems quick enough to me. It is solid (not something like a sheet of plastic), looks different from other phones around (Galaxy and HTC are slim). Camera is fine, no major comments as Im not into photography. Soundcard is amazing, Im enjoying music as if heard for the first time on this phone.Battery life here is great. It doesn't hang at any time for me. So basically kicks a**. I'd highly recommend this phone to anyone who is over or not interested in the Apple hype and wants a solid media friendly phone and likes the design.

Tiene buena resolucion de pantalla y buen sonido yo lo uso con movistar aqui en venezuela y va bien, es rapido y no tiene que envidiarle nada a otros..

best phone out in the market i would recomend too everybody!! anyone would love the phone. its very easy to use
