
After Christmas when I had an update for a new phone I purchased this Phone after owning all of the iphones 3 -4s and now realize that it was a huge mistake samsung boasts that this phone has incredible features and durability, BUT DON'T LISTEN this phone has horrible durability and after talking with samsung after my screen cracked from only putting it on my wooden table for hours I got very little help and in my opnion that is a far contrast from my reliable iphones, my iphone 4s even fell from a treestand that was 20 feet tall and didnt have a scratch on it.

I didn't review it for awhile because I want to use it first. I actually got this phone on Launch day.  So here is my review after 4 months of use.  There is no doubt anywhere why Samsung is the number one phone manufacturer over taking Nokia in Sales.  I have had different phones windows, Blackberry, you name it I had it.  Than when the Google G1 came out I switch over and never went back.  This phone is absolutely amazing.  I had the evo 4g and the battery life was horrible.  The Galaxy Note II has an extremely long battery life for my real world application.  I run a business and can't afford to run out of batteries.  I had 4 batteries when I owned the evo 4g.  This phone I own one battery!  It gets me through the day and I converted to Qi wireless charging for less than $100 bucks.  The galaxy S3 don't get me wrong is a great phone but the screen on this phone is big enough to view videos but small enough to carry around.. The phone is extremely light even lighter than smaller phones. You don't have to carry and MP3 player, a recorder, or even a laptop.  I can take Notes for school, listen to music, record my class oh yeah its a phone :)  Its not only a tablet, phone but pretty much a mini computer!What do you want on a phone? This is my list let me know yours!1) Great Screen  Check  --- 5.5 Super-Amoled Gorilla Glass2) Fast Processor  Check  --- Quad Core3) Memory or Storage size  Check  --- 16 GB and I have a 64GB San Disk Class 10 Bringing it up to 80GB biggest space you can get on a phone!4) Internet Speed  Check  --- 4g LTE5) Battery Life  Check  --- From my heavy usage last 1-2 days6) Signal Strength  Check  --- Southern California area ATT, I don't have an drop calls.7) Apps  Check  --- Lots of useful apps.Voice to voice Navigation, call recording, NFC Tap to transfer etc and most are free

Perfect phone for my business needs. I can run WebEx mtg's on it, as well as easily navigate while on the road.

great phone at a reasonable price.  I just wish I knew how to use all the available features and apps.

Listen, ya'll - everyone who sees my new Galaxy Note II wants one immediately - even the Ipod people! I am so in love with it because of the screen size and the large keypad. Makes moving about a breeze. If you have seen one/held one, I know you will have to have it!

Best phone on the market.I had iphone 3g 4g and now switched to note 2.You will enjoy the freedom without all the restrictions that apple created for iphone.

Here is my unbiased review of the Note 2. It is much faster and smoother than the Note 1 but thats pretty much it. On a real world basis and daily usage the Note 2 is not much of an improvement over the Note 1. I honestly think the Note 1 is a much better phone because it is a much better build quality on the AT&T version. I dont like the single home button and much perfer the 4 capacitive buttons on the Note 1. The Note 1 is built in Korea while Note 2 is built in China. Also I don't like how the Note 2 only shows 16 apps per page vs. 20 on the Note 1. The Note 1 does lag and is a bit slower but not by much and that is with ICS. When the Note 1 gets Jellybean it will be still a great phone. I think the Note 2 is awesome but is it worth the $311 with taxes I paid for it? No. I may return the Note 2, get Jellybean on my Note 1 and save my upgrade for the Note 3 coming out year.

Before purchasing this phone (which took a few months of saving up to afford), I was using a 2+- year-old Galaxy S Captivate, one of the originals in the Galaxy S line. While its size was about the same as most other smartphones, it felt so dinky next to the Note 2.For the first few days, it felt like holding my Kindle Fire up to my ear whenever I was talking on it. But, it's surprising how quickly you get used to the size. If that's something that's holding you back, then stop it. You're missing out. After only a week or so, this phone makes every other phone feel like it's too small. One-handed texting is a little bit harder, but there's a great option for scooting the keyboard over to either the left- or right-hand side of the screen when using it in portrait mode, which helps.One of the main things that I had to get used to after the switch was the durability of the phone. The Captivate was built like a hockey puck. Several falls without any case only put minor scratches on the case.About a month after getting my Note 2, it was dropped on concrete while in a leather wallet-style case. It landed on the corner and the screen shattered. Even if you have insurance through AT&T; (and the hassles with that are a whole other thing to be reviewed), I would highly suggest a protective case. Right now, I have mine in aUrban Armor Gear UAG-GLXN2-WHT/BLK-VP Composite Case with Impact Resistant Bumpers and Screen Kit for Samsung Galaxy Note 2 - White. No other drops so far, but this feels like it would be much more protective.Another selling point, especially if you plan to use this phone for business purposes, is the split-screen app ability. Not every app is compatible, but it's great for having your email open simultaneously with S Note, or many other useful combinations.Loving this phone, no complaints so far. I have the iPhone owners in my office jealous.

By far the greatest phone I have ever had the pleasure of owning...I love it! And, you will be hard pressed to find it at a better price.

I love this phone it has amazing response time several useful preloaded apps like s note s voice and many more not to mention the s pen is more ergonomically fit than the original note design

This phone allows me to work and play from just about anywhere. It is my alarm clock and reminder for very important things. I can see a full size calendar anytime, view my agenda list is just a few steps away. I can take pictures, view photos, listen to music, watch movies, and surf the Web -- all on a big enough screen so I don't have to squint. People who are not technology savvy just don't understand why you'd pay so much for a phone, but this phone is not just a phone, it's a computer, too. I can edit documents, save files locally or to the cloud and never miss a beat when I'm off from work or at work. The S Pen allows me to jot notes; instead of typing, I can just write. The phone knows when I have removed the pen and beeps if I have left it behind.

My recent phone history: iPhone 3G to Samsung Galaxy S2 Epic/iPhone 4s (simultaneously) to iPhone 5 to Note 2Home button broke on 3G - rendered phone useless. From a co that is supposed to be known for usability...The S2 had a less than stellar battery life and I had to hack it to get a decent OS. I found the screen size to be near perfect. I had Sprint and that's really the reason I moved on from the S2. Also, the GPS was known to not work well for a TON of ppl. At the same time, I had an iPhone 4S from work. Screen was way too small. I liked the build quality, though I didn't dislike the S2's plastic frame. The S2 was dropped many times and not a scratch. I actually prefer the feel in hand of IP4 over IP5.The iPhone 5 was just cool. Almost too light. I wish the screen was a little wider. Battery life is way worse than iPhone 4. Both Apple products lived up to the &#34;it just works&#34; motto.Now, the Note 2: no complaints at all. I was really against the idea of such a big phone but my friend happened to be selling an extra he had and I needed a new Android phone for work dev, so I bought it off him. Everything on here also just works and there's more features in Jelly Bean than iOS (obviously, iOS is stagnant even to Apple fanboys). Battery life is much better than IP5 in my usage. I'd say I would usually have to charge the IP5 every 36 hrs while the Note can go ~50. I surf the web maybe average 2 hrs / day on the phones. Manually check email twice an hour roughly. Mostly 4G but some WiFi. Listen to music about 2-3 hrs / day. 5-10 texts / d. Not much phone calls at all. No BT. Random other usage (small percent).The Jelly Bean that comes stock here (AT&T;) is so much better than any ROMs I found for my S2 late last year.Very impressive. You just want to use it even though you have a computer and tablet nearby.I still have the IP5 but haven't felt like switching back (it's just a SIM pop out and in).I keep the Note in my jacket inside pocket but on occasion have used my back pants pockets w/o issue.Haven't really used the pen.

JUST A REVIEW OF SOME OF MY THOUGHTS ON THE NOTE 2, NOT A FULL BLOWN CRITIQUE:Switched, after many years, from APPLE to SAMSUNG. It took guts, my friends.I am totally immersed in all things APPLE, have been since my first Apple IIc computer.Owned desktops, Mac clone Power Computing desktops, every ipod, several imacs, mac minis, iphones....you get the picture. I live in that "closed" but very efficient environment.I was, as of two weeks ago, a Samsung/Android virgin.-----I got my samsung galaxy note II from Best Buy (they offered a $75 coupon which may, at this writing, still be available), but online purchases were backed up a month so they found me a store in my zip code that had one: 86th and Lex in NYC. Salesperson there, in a huge a crowded store, told me it was the first Note II they had sold.-----I was afraid that I wouldn't have access to the many apps I had grown to love on my iphone. I have found them all, and more. I was nervous that the criticisms of the "plastic-y" build would be true. Although the snap off back of the Note II is ridiculously thin and flimsy, once it is snapped into place, the phone feels solid.I was warned that it's too big! blah blah blah....It is not too big. After two hours of playing with the Note II, I picked up my iphone and....laughed. Yes, it is THAT easy to become accustomed to the perfect (for me) size of this phone. If you can't reach the dial pad, keyboard, shortcuts with one hand....just go into settings and select "One Handed Operation". Brilliant.It feels great, slips into top pocket, or jacket, inside coat pocket. (although it will fit, don't sit on it in back pants pocket)  I think it needs a cover, ordered one for 10 bucks on ebay. The back of the phone is way too slippery and slides too easily. Get a cover that offers some friction but minimally increases the size of the phone.Apparently, Samsung fixed all of the gripes from the original Note. I don't know, but they have thought of a lot of great stuff.-----Ordered a 64GB SD card on which I will store mounds of music, vids, and pix. THat's a lot of storage space. They say that Apple does not offer memory upgrades on the iphone because SD cards are too slow and would compromise the speed of the machine. Yes, but the new microSDXC Memory Card Ultra Class 10 UHS-I from SanDisk is rated FAST and built for this phone. $60 at B&H; Photo. I have to say that snapping off the back of my phone to reveal battery, simm, and SD card slot is an incredibly satisfying experience for an iphone guy.-----Battery capacity is huge, but don't get too excited. With 4g, bluetooth, 5.5" screen, etc....it lasts a day, just like any other phone. The thing I've discovered that does improve battery life somewhat, is getting yourself an app killer. I have ADVANCED TASK MANAGER. Just kills the unused but running apps and widgets. Also incredibly useful: the pull down notifications window. From any screen, swipe down from top to reveal a list of notifications from all sources: email, Facebook, app updates. Just view them, swipe them to the right and they are gone. Notification light on upper left hand corner of phone reminds you to check. It's instantaneous and handy.-----Transferring CONTACTS from my MacBook took some investigation, but they are all there. There are also apps to help you retrieve all of your SMS messages, which was very helpful. I haven't figured out the calendar transfer yet...but I will.-----Updating/syncing happens OTA all the time. You can, of course, control this.Samsung offers KIES and KIES AIR, a program you place on your laptop to facilitate transfers to and from your phone. Also available, Android File Transfer, much more basic but useable. I had trouble when both were on my laptop at the same time. There are loads of options in the PLAY STORE.-----SUM: Note II is beautiful, sleek, and fast. I have not become proficient with the stylus so you will have to look elsewhere for opinions on that part of this phone.Camera is cool, but do I think the pictures are great because of the luscious screen? I don't know. Everything looks good on this phone. It's fun and I'm glad I took the leap.

I had 4 Iphones before this. Very useful to have an extra battery to use if you forget to charge.  I had a problem with WiFi drop off.  Samsung sent me a new phone with return addressfor old phone so I was not without a phone- excellent service. Initially worried about transferring my music from Itunes.  Not a problem. Not missing Itunes at all. Only using 4 stars because if the WiFi problem. All else-great.

The phone is absolutely marvelous! It has a bigger screen and more RAM than the first note. It has a lot of updates that I admire in this phone. The note II has an answer to the iPhone's siri and it blows them out of the water. I just learned that Samsung is coming out with the Note III in November 2013. I can't wait to see what the note III has.

I have an unlocked phone and use with ATT and T-Mobile.When one opens the box, there is a sense of awe. People ask "Is this really a phone" was one reaction I got. It is an amazing piece of hardware. I have used Android devices starting from Cupcake version, used iPhone, HP Veer with webOS, Windows 7.5 HTC Titan 2. This phone is the sleekest and one of the best so far. It is fabulous!  I find the big size to be very good and not a problem at all. Will the Galaxy Note 3 be 6" ?!The manual pdf is definitely a must read, there are lot of tips in the manual that comes in handy. For example motion based sensors are extraordinary. Closing the phone with palm silences it. Sliding palm takes a screenshot. There are several such examples. Read the manual.Out of the box, connect to wireless and get the phone logged into Google account. The advantage of Android phones is that once you are logged into Google universe, everything gets synced up especially if you have been using Android.  The position of power button is at an excellent position for your hand on this Note 2. The additional LED for notification on top is very handy. Listen Apple? The camera serves some really futuristic ideas also. It can check if you are looking at the phone and disable screen lock (even if you set timeout to say 30 sec). Also it can serve as password unlock. Amazing! These can be set from Settings Menu.The Android version as of Oct 26 2012 is Jellybean 4.1.1. Kernel version is 3.0.31-259982. Model GT-N7100. I got the 64 GB microSD card. Get this mobileUltra, it is the latest as of Oct 2012. (SanDisk 64GB Mobile Ultra MicroSDXC Class 6 Memory Card with SD Adapter - Retail Packaging. Settings show an available space of 59.45 GB. So along with 16 GB built (system shows only around 10.46 GB), my Note 2 has 80 GB memory. With music in the  Google Music cloud, I intent to use the memory for video/pictures as a camcorder/camera.I strongly suggest going through Settings and customizing many things as per your desire. I did Voice Input, Keyboard (this comes with English(UK), change to English(US) for example. Fiddle around the settings and you will be amazed how much you can customize. I also did Battery % to appear in notification bar.One thing I found the default keyboard did not show Mic button. I realized it was next to Sym button. Long press it and choose Mic. And then on, it will appear in default keyboard. Also customize the accent. It can do magic for typing. I type paragraphs at a time effortlessly. This is Google backend servers at work. The Mic on Samsung Galaxy Note 2 does a fantastic job!S-Pen, Ah.. I was truly impressed. You have to use these to believe it. The note taking was very fluid. Samsung seem to have nailed it. I wrote up an equation in Equation mode - x^5 = x^2 + 2x + .... Something completely random, another one d/dx(an equation) and it recognized perfectly and asked it to search, it went to Wolfram Alpha and solved it. It is at first unbelievable and then it starts to sink in this is a computer program made well. Like it should be in first place! Export to pdf is very good. The main thing is the pen is very fluid and feels like a fountain pen writing.Overall, the phone feels very smooth and snappy. The screen is crisp and clear. Apps can even be multi screened. Samsung approved apps can be placed two in a screen. Eg. Maps on top and email on bottom portion. I doubt I will use this, but handy.One gripe I have with this phone is speaker is on the back. Typically if you lie the phone down, the speaker is blocked on bottom. I wish the speakers were in the side. This is a design decision and not sure why phones have speaker on back. But the speaker volume is very high, so I am not complaining too much.One big pain point with Android is once you purchased/downloaded for free Apps, they cannot be permanently deleted. So even if you get a junk app, and delete immediately they are permanently there in your Google Play store. From the phone's play store I got 300+ Apps. One cannot choose 50 apps and say get all these. You have to do one by one. After getting one, the screen resets to beginning. So I went to a computer browser and pushed apps to pone. This is easier and faster.UPDATE:  In Jelly bean, you have a circle with a / and pressing it prompts a pop up to delete. After delete it reverts to top of the list again. Why dont they go to same spot. I have hundreds, so it is a pain, nevertheless good feature. I will delete few every day!Some of apps I have as of now :Amazon MobileAndroid Status : Android Status app shows ARMv7, Max Freq 1.6 GHz, BogoMips 1592.52 Memory 1.79 GB, Free 365 MB, Internal Storage 10.46 GB Free 7.18 GB. Total Process running 271! Kernel 159/User 112 Interface has IPv6 as well as IPv4 addressAndroidifyAngry Birds (Space/Seasons)Asphalt 7Amazon App StoreBeyondPodBoxCar Maintenance Reminder ProChromeCNET TVGoogle Currents (nice way to read News)Draw SomethingGoogle DriveEbayFM Radio (needs headphone)LinkedinGoogle MusicOverDrive Media Console: Library eBooks & Audiobooks(public library consumption of media)Microsoft One Note (legacy docs, skydrive of 25 GB is good)Subsonic Music StreamerTerminal Emulator (still need to use vi, yes this is it)TweetCaster Pro for Android(excellent twitter client)Twit.TvGoogle VoicePlenty of WidgetsAsk questions, the review cannot do justice to Note 2, I find something new always. I will be glad to answer any questions.

I researched this phone extensively before going with it. I have large hands and haven't had issues with the physical size of this device at all. After just a couple weeks, I can't imagine not having all that lovely screen real estate to work with.The performance is snappy, the call quality is very good, the pictures and video are very good for my needs. Add in a 64gb memory card for a roomy hi-def music collection, and you have quite a powerful device that's capable of doing a lot of things very well. I highly recommend it.

A phone an a tablet in one!  I'm now a former iOS user.  I was holding out until the iPhone 5 came out and was disappointed with the size increase and lack of upgrades to the operating system.  I had been looking at the GalaxyS3 but my brother-in-law had a Note I and told me about the Note II. I picked it up and must say I really like the size of the phone as well as the Android OS.

Another excellent Samsung phone. It is pretty much what is advertized now if we could fix - at&t - it would be great.

I just did a price matching and got this phablet from a local best buy store for 199.99.I will start off by saying that I am a phone nerd. Since I started earning, I have had all the phones out there, starting from Windows 6.5 (HTC Tilt, Tilt 2, Pure) then iPhone 3G, 3GS, 4, 4S and also all the android phone that I thought were attractive (Nexus S, Moto Atrix, HTC One X, Galaxy S2, Galaxy S3 - both international and US version, Galaxy Nexus - international version, Galaxy Note and i don't even remember what all phone i have owned...)Now that we have that list out of way, I will say that this note 2 is 'THE' best phone I have ever owned! It has everything you will ever want. You will not regret buying this phone. Quad core processor and 2 GB ram is amazing. LTE is blazing fast. You will get a lot of roms from XDA soon. The phone is already rooted and has custom recovery available at XDA.Close your eyes and get this phone!

When I saw it in the shop for the first time, I understood that this is the phone I always needed. Took it home few days later, and after that my life really changed. Although my wife hated it since the first minute, as she understood that I won't be bored for a week, now she actually hates it much more. More than month already passed, and I must admit - NOTE 2 has stole my hart from my wife. Must tell you, that before NOTE2, I was user of apple - 3GS, 4, 4S, but now i phones look so ridiculous to me... Hah, I sure that some reader will say now - that's PR, but no more words, the moment you will put NOTE2 into your hand you will understand what I meant. Get it no matter where, but its THE thing and you will say exactly what I've said right now. Thank you Samsung for such a perfect product.P.S. By the way, now I do understand why apple spent so much money in try to cease NOTE2 & SGS3 sales, they just don't have other choice, as direct competition already impossible for apple. They lost this battle, and I really hope they will create even more exciting product as we are, users, will clearly benefit, but as far as they are competing in courts instead of laboratories, Samsung will continue to conquer more and more market share.Alexander Balk,Marketing Strategies Expert.

Got this as an alternative to a tablet. The screen is fantastic, but the device is so big that it's just on the verge of too awkward to use in my men's-medium sized hands: according to my wireless carrier, I've sent about five hundred texts on it since I got it, and it's still uncomfortable. I wonder if I'll ever get totally accustomed to it. Galaxy SIII makes a much more comfortable phone. On the other hand, it's a lot easier to navigate within text boxes on the Note 2 and the screen is incredible: excellent for news reading, pic and video viewing... And that's the biggest part of what I use it for--that and listening to music uninterrupted by phone calls (Samsung 'phones' play flacs better than my 'mp3' player). When I want to do something more serious, I grab the SIII,  which is a nearly perfect phone. I leave room for that to change, but it will take some quantum leap in my ability to type on the Note 2.

Upgraded from Blackberry Torch.  Enough said.  But I will add that I paired it with the Samsung Bluetooth Pocket Talker HM 5000.  I don't often carry a phone in my pocket anyway, so I carry both in my purse and the little bluetooth is handy to answer when my phone is ringing.

Some people may complain about the fact that it's &#34;only&#34; 720p, but seriously, my wife has the S4, and when we compare them side by side, you can't see a difference unless you're about 2 inches from the screen. This phone/tablet is absolutely amazing and has become invaluable to me for work and school. I'm using it constantly and the battery life is absolutely amazing! i've eve got it overclocked to 1.9GHz from the original 1.6GHz and the battery still gets me through an entire day with ease. The screen size if AMAZING! I don't think I can ever go back to a phone with a smaller screen again. When you first get it, it does feel rather large in your hand, but you get used to it in about a day or two tops and then everything else seems really small and almost like a toy. I'm hooked on the galaxy Note series of phones! My Dad has the Note III and it's even more amazing, but it doesn't make me like regret getting this one at all!! I can't wait to see what Samsung does with the Note 4!!! This device is epic!

I went from a 3.7" phone to a 4.7" of the (amazing) HTC One X. So I'm quite familiar with large smartphones. Still, I was not prepared for the beast that is the Galaxy Note II.Design-wise, Samsung basically took the Galaxy S3 and made it bigger. Not necessarily a bad thing. The GS3 is a nice looking phone that's both thin and curvy. The problems I have with this design are:a) Physical home button. I hated this on the iPhone, and that hasn't changed. There are many reasons why I think a physical home button is outdated. It /will/ break, for one. No matter how careful you are with that iPhone home button, it will eventually become sticky or non-responsive. I think Samsung made a horrible decision. It also takes up a lot of space and is ugly... Look at other Android phones. The ones with capacitive LED-lit buttons or on-screen buttons have a much nicer frontal exterior.b) Cheap feel. I respect Samsung's decision to have a removable back to replace battery and SD card but it doesn't feel quite as solid as unibody phones (HTC One X, Nexus 4 etc).c) Slippery plastic that also feels cheap. Huge phone + slipper back = not good.But besides those glaring faults, I find the Galaxy Note rather nice ;P You shouldn't expect to be able to use it one-handedly, unless you have huge feet.The screen is very VERY nice. As expected of Samsung's current best, it's bright, vibrant and sharp as heck. Ignore those tech specs of how ppi is lower than blablabla. It's high-res and sharp! And at 5.5", you can easily use it as an e-reader. Get rid of that Kindle/Nook!Software-wise, since is a review for the phone and not Android, I'll keep it short. It runs a Touchwiz over stock Android as expected of all Samsung devices. And same with all other custom UI, it's a love-or-hate affair. I'm indifference. Why you might ask? Because of the quad-core Exynos running within. Along with the more refined backbone (Jellybean), this thing blazes. I hardly feel any lag doing anything with the GNote II. It just... works! Android has come a long way.I looooove the S-Pen and the high-precision tech that goes into making it work. Pin-point accuracy. The S-apps included aren't bad either. But we all know what most people will be using the S-Pen for... Draw Something!Conclusion: So would I recommend this to someone looking for a over-5" phone/phablet? Well sure, if you really must have a kick-ass stylus.Alternatives: There aren't that many great over-5" phones out right now. But there is an awesome one. Verizon's HTC Droid DNA. Comes with a 1080p version of the best LCD screen on a smartphone so far (HTC One X's Super LCD2) and a unibody design that I adore. Then there's also the rumored upcoming Samsung 1080p 5" phone that won't be out till next year. If you can wait, there will be more.

I love the big screen and all of the cool features of the phone. The stylus is ok,Im still getting use to using it. Other than that I am very pleased with the device.

Ok guys this one is it, everyone since the Note 1 there have been many fakers trying to still what Samsung did befor Apple was going to do and make more money off of it(you know apple would of made more money if they was the first to do this) but this time around with the galaxy note 2 samsung blows every other phablet phone out the water and it even does well as a all around easy to use phone like your Iphones and blackberries. The galaxy note 1 let me down big time I even went back to the iphone 4s. But this time around i was amaze how i could multitask and have lots of battery life left. It's true i only used this phone for a week lol then I got a Iphone 5 going into my 3rd week with one. but yeah guys this is the phone to get if you just "like em big" or just want something that the sheep crowd havent ran to yet, i myself like to have  a phone that not many people have, this phone sells well but yet I don't see many people at work with them hmmm. Most people I know are still rocking their 4S also. but this phone is a must and I just love the lil stylus and it's easy to play plants vs zombie with it too. So I would get this phone if you are a android guy and just want to step away from the crowd that ran to the S4/S3. I think I'm going to have to get this phone again somehow but also have my slick and fast running iphone 5. Ok this concludes my review, a 5 out of 5!!!

To start off, this is a great phone made by Samsung. It's quad core processor delivers 1.6 GHZ per core is awesome. It's backed up by 2 GB of RAM so you'll be able to run many applications without feeling any sort of lag.The Samsung Galaxy Note 2 is terrific for videos, games, and reading; and its improved stylus aids productivity.Overall, Samsung delivers a powerful, boundary-pushing device that gets a lot right. Yet its complicated features and high price raise questions about its purpose.

My first smart phone was the Samsung Focus.  At first I thought it was kinda cool, having access to all of my Xbox stuff, but all of that got old when there just wasn't much to do, especially when all of my friends an co-workers had Androids and iPhones.Enter the Note II...  I didn't have much experience with the Android environment, except for fiddling a bit with my wife's phone.  First, this phone is huge.  My hands are fairly big, and I can handle it pretty well.  Being so wide, the thinness of it makes me feel like I have to pinch it to hold onto it.  (My Ionic Guardian case just came in and fixes this.)Just to hit the high points - big screen, fast processor, and I've been using it off and on all day (6:00 now) and I'm showing 69% battery.  Seems that the battery will last all day, which nowadays (with fairly heavy usage) is all that should be expected.Camera takes great shots, and slow/fast motion video is pretty cool (even if a little lower quality).SVoice works great as far as I can tell.  I told it to "Remind me to check Amazon at 7:40" (for a lightening deal) and it confirmed and created the task on my calendar.  Then I told it "Remind me to watch the game on Saturday at 2:30."  It confirmed the date and time and created the task "watch the game"Haven't used the SPen much, so can't comment too much on it.At this point, I don't have anything bad to say about it.  It is a bit awkward to hold because it is so wide and thin.  My wife has small hands, and she says she couldn't use it.  If you have big hands, you should be ok, but will likely want a case, not only for protection, but also for better handling.The only other thing that I notice, there seems to be a delay when you push the unlock button and when the screen comes on...more than a second.  That is a bit aggravating.I also haven't connected it to the bluetooth in my car yet, so I can't comment on that either.  I plan on testing that soon, as well as S Beam.  Will update at that time.

I upgraded from the Samsung Captivate, and i was pretty happy with that phone, but it was getting 'old', and slow.This Note is large, but I have medium to large hands, and i can use this one handed for some functions.This thing is fast, and has a lot of functionality.

I was kinda worried when I opened the box...this phone IS big. After hitting the power button, all worries went away. This phone looks awesome.New features galore, quick , snappy speed, TERRIFFIC sound. After about an hour of use, no other phone "looks right".  If you hate web browsing on phones because of the limited screen and size of text, this phone is the cure. S-pen features are way cool to say the least. Having a 64G SD slot is almost worth the price alone.Funny thing when showing this phone to Apple users... (a different breed in constant denial)they all are quick to say "It's too big", "I could never use a phone that big"....BUT...they can't keep their hands off it.  If you happen to be browsing the same web-page, they want to see it on your phone.  They ask A LOT of questions about the phone, "does it do this?", "Does it do that?"....and the answer is always the same, YES. They always end with "It's too big"....but they can't keep their hands off of it.My opinion is the Note is the first step in the way ALL phones WILL be. New phones never boast about how much smaller they are, they boast about every 1/4" added to the screen.  Phones are getting bigger.  I never got how people would determine the "right" size of a phone by whether it would fit comfortably in their front pocket, and yet expected it to do everything that the smaller size only crippled.  The Note 2 still fits well in the back pocket, is still portable in every sense, and makes all other phones (including the iPhone 5) look like a Trac-phone.  Look for the Note 2 to be considered "average size" within 2 years.If holding a 6" phone to your ear makes you feel way more self-conscience than holding your current 4-1/2" - 5" phone....you are WAY TOO SENSITIVE.  What you SHOULD feel self-conscience about is walking around Wal-Mart with that cute, bluetooth "Star-Trek" ear-ring clamped to your ear as you LOUDLY carry on a conversation ("mommy, that crazy man is talking to himself!").

I'm not going to lie-- I got this note for the sole purpose of the stylus and large screen. My mother had the Note, and after playing around with her phone I instantly fell in love with the S-Note feature. I'm an artist, I like to draw. And this phone will in no way enable you to make great digital art like you could with a computer, but it is totally satisfying for a quick doodle here and there, or a quick paint if you download the right apps from the Play Store.On top of that the screen is bright and vibrant, and makes every other screen I look at seem dull in comparison. I LOVE my Note 2 and hope that it proves durable, as I don't want to change it any time soon.

BN:  this review is written about the TMO variant SGH-T889, but other than radio and carrier branding they are equivalent.I am a long time smartphone user.  I've run Palm Treo (270, 600, 650) Windows (Dash, SDA, MDA) and Android (G1, Optimus T, Inspire 4G) and this is the best phone I have ever used or even seen.Pro:* battery life is a revelation.  No more Android Charging Anxiety.  I use the phone however I want and charge it when convenient.  It's just not an issue anymore.* the screen is not just big, it changes the way I use a phone.  I find myself using a PC less and less.* quad core w/2GB RAM never struggles.  This thing is a beast.* Jelly Bean works quite well.  Fulfills the promises made by ICS.* the stylus is functional rather than a gimmick.  I use it for boring stuff like selecting text, picking out small bits on the interface, etc.  Like I used the stylus on the Palm devices.  It even pops an alert if you walk off and forget the stylus.  Smart!* there is a feature you can enable that checks to see if you are looking at the phone before shutting of the screen.  Seems like a small thing but it really improves the experience.  No constantly turning the phone back on or having to use very long screen timeouts.* HDMI out (have to buy an adapter) so you could hook it to a monitor, get a BT keyboard and conceivably use it as a minimal desktop for light duties.  Google Drive docs, Netflix, social media stuff, kindle reading, whatever.Con:* the phone is big and it's not for everyone.  I bought mine at a steep discount from someone who found it was too big for her in day-to-day use.  It took me about a day to get used to the size.  It does fit in a shirt pocket easily even in a case, BTW.* the internal/external sdcard thing is annoying.  Some apps don't let you save data to your SD card so it becomes mainly a repository for media files, etc.* I've never been a fan of Touchwiz and other branded TUIs from the various manufactures.  I dropped in the freebie Nova launcher and am much happier.* Lots of bloatware, as is unfortunately to be expected these days.* the Exynos CPU is not overly friendly to CyanogenMod devs, unless Samsung decides to get generous with their proprietary code.  But the phone cleans up so well (see below) that I am keeping the stock ROM.Ideas to improve battery life even further:* turn off animations except for when you need to show off  :-)* run a simpler launcher (I use Nova)* use static wallpapers and widgets when possible* adjust the wifi sleep policy* root the phone so you can do things like freeze apps with Titanium Backup or hibernate them with Greenify.  Use Better Battery Stats to find out what's actually consuming power.* use the phone's Power Saving Mode found under settings.* use dark themes in apps when available* set app syncing to longer intervals as appropriate* use apps like Tasker or the free Llama to disable syncing completely when you are asleep.I charge 1x/day if I remember to and the lowest I've seen my battery go is 83%.

I've been in love with this Phablet phone ever since trading in my S III about 3 months ago. It does everything you can possibly do, with flash support, and then some. Cant rave enough about it. Happy I upgraded early and only thing I can say negative is I have to take out of my pocket before putting my socks and shoes on in the morning. LOL. Enjoy.

Nice cellphone and awesome for 99.00 and contract but theres a catch!!!!!!!!!Att sent me a bill for 145.00 10days after getting the cellphone with allthis xtra bull crap they want to tag onto the phoneNice phone and good company that sent this to me im very happy

I sold my original Note to obtain this and I have to say that this phone is an evolution of the Samsung Galaxy Note, but this evolution is mainly due to the software.I understand that the hardware internals have been given a refresh, such as the Exynos CPU.  But much of it doesnt differ too much from the original Samsung Galaxy Note.  It is still the same camera, screen looks relatively the same also the pixel count is LOWER than the original Note.  The form factor is much more pocket friendly as well as more hold-it-against-your-ear acceptable.  Instead of the original Note's blocky bulk, this one is longer and sleeker instead of wider.What really sets this phone apart from the original Note and from other Android phones is the software and the S-Pen.  Samsung really has listened to its users in the S-Pen dept by make it more ergonomic (I understand this is subjective).  Many user's have also probably cried out about the constant loss of the S-Pen as my voice is part of that group.  And at last, the phone will notify you if the S-Pen is too far from the phone.Software-wise, I have to say it is both an revolution and an evolution.  Taking out the S-Pen will trigger an S-Note widget where you would then choose a template for notes.  My imagination goes off on a journey about other possibilities with the S-Pen.  Maybe trigger a few events when the S-Pen is taken out or placed back in.  A nice touch is the haptic feedback when taking it out as well as putting it back into the holder.What makes the software a revolution is Multiwindow.  In one word, INCREDIBLE.  In the past, I would need to read my email, highlight selected phrases, copy, open up S-Note, and then paste or write down my ideas.  Now its all on one screen.  I can scroll my email and then jot things down without all the additional steps in between.  My only minor gripe is that Samsung should include a native multi-DPI setting so that the Note can have the resolution of either a tablet or phone.  This would increase screen real estate (or decrease for the latter) so that more information can be viewed.  Imagine being able to view Google Maps and typing up an email about location and direction without constant scrolling/zooming.For those that are hoping that there are numerous ROMS available, unfortunately that is not the case.  There are a handful of ROMS at the time of this writing.  Certain ROMs are not stable or have missing functionality while others are a more slimmed down (de-bloated) version of the stock ROM.  I miss my original Note mainly because of the number of ROMs available.As stated, the phone is an evolution of the original Note hardware wise.  Not much has changed internally but the form factor is a bit more palm and face friendly.  Its the software that really makes this phone.

Love the phone- hate ATT. Why would ATT sell a phone with NFC but not allow the Google Wallet App to be used and also not support Isis on that model?

If you are hesitating to buy Note2 only because it is big, give it a try to sink in your palm and it actually does not feel big anymore unless you keep your older counterpart next to it.I am happy with the buy despite the pun that it is a tablet, but to me anything that fits in my pocket is a phone! and I do not need to carry another tablet when I have a Note2.. happy buying people!

Just received the Note2 I also have an Iphone4 and compaired the 2 on my in home wifi. The Note2 downloaded at 32 mbps and the Iphone 9 mbps. WOW!!!  Not bashing my Iphone which I really like but WOW!!! The Note2 is the most amazing phone I have ever owned. Great screen, graphics, and ease of use. I was really leery of giving up my Iphone but now I am happy I made the choice. Sure it's big but remember the first cell phones and our wireless home phones, it's not that big.Anyway just my 2 cents FWIW. Also Amazon is the best order said I would receive it in Jan. but 2 weeks later boom it was here.

This phone smokes everything else out there.  What an amazing bit of technology to help in my bid to take over the world.  Muhahaha!!!!

this phone is huge I love how big it is, also it does everything you could imagine to do with a phone it is a little computer in my pocket. I would recommend it to everyone!!

I love the phone. Does so much more than the iphone 5 love the size as well. I love the split screen feature. To me the phone is just plain awesome.

Like others, I have been in Apple land for the past several years. Been using iPhone since the 3G and I got bored of my iPhone 4. As I was looking for the latest and greatest, I kept hearing a lot of buzz about the Note 2 and gave it a look. What immediately attracted me was the 5.5' screen. It's very nice, very nice indeed. For those of you accustomed to the Retina Display of the iPhone, you will notice it's not quite as crisp as the RD but it still is an impressive screen especially considering the size of it. The S-Pen takes a little while to get used to and, once you do, it can be a very useful tool unlike other smartphones that have a stylus. The specs on this live up to the hype. The quad core processor is fast and the 2GB of RAM do help out a lot. I've noticed no lag or hiccups when viewing movies or anything like that. The only time I do notice any lag is when I'm viewing my photo galleries. The processor is trying to thumbnail over 8000 pics and its reading from the SD card so it's no issue with the phone itself.Currently, Amazon has this for $175 which is a steal. I paid $300 for mine and, even then, I feel it's totally worth it. If you can snap this phone up for almost 50% off normal price, DO IT.

Galaxy NOTE IIONLY FULLY USABLE IF YOU PERMANENTLY VOID THE WARRANTY!I just got the AT&T; Version of the Samsung Galaxy Note II 16 GB Smart Phone.AT&T; offered it for 99 cents for the Refurbished 16 GB model as long as I extended my contract by 2 years and provided them with their $36 upgrade fee although that fee is total BS I still jumped at that deal!The Galaxy Note II is a fast responsive phone with an excellent screen and good sound.The phone has a very good camera that provides clean sharp 8 MP photos.My old HTC also has an 8MP camera however the camera on the Galaxy Note II seems to provide much sharper photos with noticeably superior colors.The video on the Galaxy Note II is sharp clear 1080p video. Other than needing to hold the phone in the exact right orientation to avoid sideways or upside down video I cannot really complain about the camera's performance.This phone runs circles around my HTC INSPIRE that it replaced!Think Sonic Versus Mario in a hundred meter dash! The hedgehog will whip the plumber in every way shape and form!The Galaxy Note II could have been and SHOULD have been a massive upgrade over a very large disappointment in the form of the HTC Inspire.The HTC as a phone was sluggish unresponsive and very disappointing other than having a very nice screen. Not as nice as the Note II screen but still decent for sure.I gave the HTC Inspire a fair chance I used it for over one and a half years and I still own the joke.However the Samsung Galaxy Note II gets a solid ONE star for one unforgivable and truly FATAL flaw!The Samsung Galaxy Note II has only 16 GB of internal storage. This is extremely problematic as you only have 11 GB listed and 10.9 GB actually available to you.All devices lose space do to formatting and preloaded services and features such as the OS I understand this and I fully expected it.However it is excessive since you lose an entire 1/3rd of your internal storage!This is at face value not a major problem since the phone will support adding a whopping64 GB of storage VIA the Micro SD slot.I am guessing 50ish GB after formatting with the ability to swap it out at will.So if I am already aware of the limitations and I expected them what is this FATAL flaw that I speak of?The answer is the phone has absolutely NO ability to transfer APPs from the internal memory to a micro SD Card UNLESS you root the phone!Rooting your Phone will permanently VOID your Warranty! Meaning YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO fully use your phone and retain warranty coverage!Your choices are either or NOT both as it should be!Older Android Phones had transferring from phone to SD and vice versa as a default feature app permitting of course.Android already has the severe flaw of not clearly stating were the APP will be installed nor letting you choose between internal or added external storage as your install destination.Upon investigating this absurdly moronically unneeded and one BILLION percent unacceptable change most people online are blaming the version of android itself rather than the model of the phone.To me it makes NO difference whom the buffoons whom brought this idiocy about are!The Phone is ruined!!!!Worst of all I have yet to see any reviews that complain about this serious and in my case as I have a ton of stuff on my old phone 13.6 gig used on the memory card and a phone with 10GB of storage I am left with a lot of content that is not usable on my new phone.Most of the content that is on the Micro SD card from my old phone is not even recognized by the Galaxy Note II so I can't cheat and copy stuff on to my Micro SD card from my old phone and pop the card in my new phone and rock!I fell in love with this phone only to have a rusty dagger plunged into my gut by it!If Samsung / AT&T;/ Google who ever fixes this EPIC FAIL of a flaw my review will get properly amended to reflect the change.In summation the Samsung Galaxy Note II is an absolutely gorgeous looking and feeling pile of trash!

Had the Samsung Note II for about 3 weeks and love everything about it,  especially the battery life.Normally my HTC Inspire would be drained after 6 hours of streaming audio and web surfing. I used the Note II for two normal days (42 hours) and it still had 12% battery charge left. (with GPS and Wi-Fi left on the entire time)* I have ATT and the cell signal seems better Vs. the HTC (maybe since the phone is bigger the note II has a better antenna system)* The speakers are awesome for smartphone.* I like the larger screen for texting and using apps.* I like the S-PEN for taking notes on the fly.Yes, it's a big phone and a handful at times, but the advantages of this phone more than make up for this minor annoyance.

Have only had the phone for two days so am still in the getting to know you phase of our relationship, but so far I am smitten.  Speedy, power of a tablet, convenience of a phone... Beautiful screen images and best of all so far is the ability tho mount an external drive thru the mini USB port... Having fun with one!

Bought this for my grand daughter and she loves it.  The screen size lets her enjoy facebook, photos and youtube, etc. She loves it.

I once was dating a girl named Ipad 1 she was lovely after we broke up I kept it in the family and started dating her sister Ipad 2. The love affair was strong, so strong that even her sister Ipad 3 couldn't make me leave her. I was very faithful to her and the only other lady that I spent time with was Miss HTC 2. Never alone that was always a double date because Miss Ipad 2 was borne with a birth defect,  she had no modem.  So miss HTC 2 came along on every date to help miss Ipad 2 reach the Internet. This threesome was so awesome, but one day I was walking down my basement stairs carrying miss HTC 2 in my hand and she slipped!  I was awful... All I could do was watch her tumble, end to end down the flight of stairs! Then it all ended at the bottom with a crash. Her back flew open, then her battery came soaring out too! It was so terrible,  it all seemed to happened in slow motion. As moved closer to the scene of the accident, all I saw were parts strewn across my basement floor, oh the electronic humanity!  I quickly gathered up her lifeless pieces, like so many times before, and put her back together again.  Hoping that she would shake it off and restart... but as I pressed the power button,  ever so gently, nothing happened!  Nothing happened, I started to panic, there in hands lay her lifeless body.  I thought to myself..how was I going to explain to miss Ipad 2, that miss HTC 2 was dead and more importantly,  that she could no longer surf the Internet. Surly the news of this would devastate her. I quickly sprung into action.  I had to find a replacement.  I heard that another sibling was being born to the Apple family her name was I phone 5. Oneday I was out shopping trying to decide if I should adopt miss I phone 5 to replace my dearly departed HTC 2. As I ponder this matter, out of the corner of my eye, I saw through the window of an area phone store a most beautiful site. What is that, I said to myself as I drew closer I could see her name coming into view, Miss Samsung Galaxy Note 2!  Wow, was all I could think. I quickly hurried inside the store and asked the sales person,  how much is that phoney in the window? How much is that phoney on sale?  He said sir, I have one lefted. Then he placed her in my hands and a warm feeling rushed up and down my arms. If was love at first touch. Ever since the day I brought miss Galaxy Note 2 home my life has never been the same. It has changed in so many ways, I now find myself not bringing miss Ipad 2 on dates anymore.  Miss Galaxy Note 2  has all I need, a large screen, S Voice commands, S pen, 4 G Lte, a wonderful Video camera and 8mp Camera that takes absolutely stunning photos with panoramic capacity! But I think miss Ipad 2 is real jealous now. In the middle of the night she blasts from itunes the song by Whitney Houston,  "Didn't We Almost Have It All." I think she gonna need some intervention.

***UPDATE (1/5/13): Finally!!! ATT just pushed OTA firmware update in CA (now with Multiview!). So I've bumped my rating from 1 to 3 stars to commemorate this auspicious occasion (only 3 stars because it took them so long and they were so entirely negligent in communicating the status of this update to their customers). Long wait aside, I'm very happy to see this update.~~~~Pre-Update Review:The single star is for  AT&T;'s stripped down version of this phone and not Samsung's truly awesome full version (which I love).Be aware that the AT&T; version of the Galaxy Note II is currently missing various standard functionalities that Samsung is marketing and the other major carriers provide. Admittedly, even without the missing features, the GN2 is still a pretty impressive device. However, if you (like me) were expecting something much closer to the full functionality that Samsung is marketing, you should at least be aware of what's missing (so as to correspondingly lower your expectations of the device you're actually going to receive from AT&T;).For me, the most significant missing functionality is the lack of the mulitview utility. Multiview is touted in the Samsung marketing and I feel is one of the premier features of the GN2. As some may already know, multiview allows you to select certain apps from a sidebar menu and then to concurrently view/operate a select two of those apps in a shared split screen mode (Fyi - Verizon, Sprint, T-Mobile, and International versions currently include this functionality). Note: The multiview functionality is in addition to (and should not be confused with) the other more limited multitasking features that the AT&T; version does provides (i.e., concurrent, layered viewing of video, browser, and Snote); although those functions are not rendered in a ready split screen view.I've read that some AT&T; CSR's/store clerks have indicated that an update will be arriving "soon" to provide the missing functionality. If that's true, I find it conspicuous that AT&T; has not officially indicated a release date for this much desired functionality. You can search "Samsung Galaxy Note 2 MultiView firmware - WHEN?" in the AT&T; support forums for a more detailed user discussion. Also search "AT&T; Samsung Galaxy Note II Review" by phonedog on youtube if you're interested in a side by side comparison of with/without functionality.I've also read (but have not confirmed) that AT&T; Note 2 SG-I317's other missing functionalities include:~Group Shot Camera mode - with the ability to change faces~Mobile data toggle~Blocking mode toggle~Screen RecorderPlease add comments (citing source) if you happen to have any qualifying info on this subject. I'd especially like to see a comment from an official AT&T; representative with a definitive date (or even approximate - month/year) we can expect a firmware update that will provide the functionality that Samsung is marketing and all the other major carriers are providing.Caveat emptor and all that sort of thing,Sunny

This phone is amazing!  Samsung makes some great products!  I love all the features,  especially the larger screen! I purchased a nice fold case for it so it's like a wallet. I love the S Pen! Use it all the time!  My husband who does not use a cell even expressed an interest in using the phone.  He loves being able to use the voice commands & of course the larger screen!  All in all,  I haven't found anything that I don't like about phone.

My English is not quite well and I hate typing but this phone deserve a good review and I really want people to know how good this phone is.. .  So please excuse my english...  :-3If you are looking for a new phone,Galaxy Note 2 will be  your best choice. (Event better than the S4)I used to be HTC fan boy for several years but They kept making a bad move. ( No sd card slot, nonremoval battery, made it harder to root and unlock )I root my Note2 imidietly after I got it.(Took me only 15 minute.)The phone is smoot as melted butter, screen is vibrant and big enough for me to take note at school with out a hassle..... It have potential to be your business assistance and your multimedia buddy.(Very good for gaming and video)If you worry about the size.... I m a small asian guy and I have no trouble using this phone at all.  Just give it couple days and you will not go back to 4" phone again.Well, just buy it .... you will jot regret.Ps..  Amazon also did a good job in term of service and offer.  Only $99 cant be cheaper... Att still try to sell it for $250.... event more expensive if you go to Tmobile or verizon.

Once you get used to the size, you'll ask yourself, how did you ever manage using the smaller sized phones.  On this phone you can read the pages (i.e., from the news apps) normally in portrait mode rather than having to turn the phone side ways (as we did with the smaller phones). And, what makes this phone, and the Galaxy S III so good, is the (Jelly Bean) operating system.  The only negative for the G Note II, is the cost, which is higher than the Galaxy S III, but still cheaper than the latest IPhones.  In my opinion this phone is superior to the Iphone because at least I can carry a spare battery, or upgrade my Micro SD card if I so desire.  I suggest you go to any store that has the NOTE II on display and just test it out, you'll be amazed and impressed.UPDATE: 2 Noteworthy Standard APPS - (1) The Voice Search APP is outstanding, you just ask any basic question (i.e. show me pictures of Abraham Lincoln) and it will come back in less than 10 seconds with a display or links to displays. (2)The Navigation APP has literally replaced my regular GPS system when I need a fast reply. Also, with the large 5.5'' screen, I can see the route display very easy while I'm driving.

Husband loves this phone. Its big a little bigger than my personal taste but great for him. He waited for it to go on sale and got a great deal from amazon. I normall do our Att upgrades  through rep at 800 number or at walnart but hands down amazon wireless is my new friend. My mom got the note 3 from you also so keep up good work. Phone is very reliable. Stylus pen hidden under bottom is nice touch. I was worried hubby would run up our current family data plan but no worries or issues. Cant go wrong. I will say he had to do case on hip thing which sounds hilarious but ifound side to side one on ebay he cant do without it do to his work field.

I've been reading the Amazon reviews on numerous AT&T smartphones for 2 weeks now and I am very anxious to buy a Samsung Note 2, but waiting for the price to drop! It's $100 bucks cheaper with Verizon service, but I am a loyal AT&T fan, having had nothing but positive customer service from AT&T (had numerous difficulties many years ago with Verizon). This will be my third or fourth smartphone purchase from Amazon, and all the previous ones have been Blackberry. I have been afraid to give up BB's physical keyboard (I currently have a Torch) as my fingers don't do well with small touchscreens, but from what I've read, the touchscreen on this big boy should do me just fine. I also like the idea of being able to actually write instead of type. The consumer reviews on all sites have sold me on this gadget. Now, please lower the price as the Note 3 will be out soon!!!

I've been using this for almost a year. I haven't used my Nexus tablet since. It's just the right size to be a functional tablet, yet fine for daily carry.

My previous phone (Motorola Atrix) had an unfortunate trip through the washer and dryer and no longer worked needless to say. I was fortunate enough to be given a damaged but functional iPhone until I could get a new phone for myself. After using both Android and iOS, I personally much preferred Android. The Galaxy 4 and HTC One at the time of this writing were the big two contenders for "the" phone of 2013 so far. I looked at both and had reservations about each. The Galaxy 4 was ok, but not thrilling to me. The HTC One was beautiful but I was worried about damaging it and did not like the non replaceable battery and no SD slot (like the iPhone I suppose). I had previously had my eye on the Note 2 but though I would just wait until the Note 3...well that is still a ways off in phone time! The size for a phone is a bit large but I had to keep in mind this was a "phablet" not just a phone! I have had a long history of geeky devices going back to the first iPaq PDA, so large having a slightly large nerdy device was not a social issue for me.SO - The Note 2 is so modern yet so "retro". The most retro part of it is my favorite...yes the stylus. Wow, that was the norm back in the year 2000...operating systems were not so touch friendly then. I didn't realize how much I missed using the stylus. The favorite part of the S-pen stylus is the handwriting recognition. Even in the days of yore there was the Palm Pilot with its special alphabet..there were handwriting recognitions programs for the PDAs that were fairly good but still frustrating to use. The handwriting recognition on the Note 2 is incredible! It rarely makes a mistake..most mistakes are from capitalization which isn't a big deal for me.I never was a texting person. I never learned to do T9 or whatever it was, I used phones with hardware keypads. I then tippy-tapped on touch screens but never was that good. Now I can WRITE, not just text but write like you would normally. OK so I have seen the speed texters on Youtube and I am sure they are much faster than I can write but for some of us old farts, writing to send a text is much easier. I can actually send emails from my phone now that are more than one sentence! For those who are adept at the cryptic art of cursive it does recognize that also, just not as well.Speaking of advantages for not so young people, the screen size of course is a big plus. One other thing I do that I didn't do too much of with other phones is look at websites. Even though the iphone has a good screen, it was just too small for me to look at anything comfortably.For extra geek factors, you can use NFC and program little tags to change your settings when you put the phone near it. If you really want a challenge, you can get this app called "Tasker" and program many things.The camera is decent and has lots of fun effects for video. My favorite feature of the camera is the ability to use voice command to take a picture. It is really the only practical way. For me the phone is too large to hold and press the icon on the screen without almost dropping it.Call quality is very good. Others I have talked to have commented on how much better the sound was. The only issue I have come across with this is some echoing every now and then. Speaker phone is very good but not so great for music. I usually use Bluetooth speakers for music anyways.So far - yes it is the best phone I have had. The Note 3 may end up being even more incredible but for now I am a happy camper!

I can't be any happier after purchasing this phone. I play games, watch movies etc. and with heavy use the battery lasts more than 10 hours. With medium use I get at least a day and a half with it. I like the big screen and the fact that it serves both as a phone and a mini tablet (my kids now permanently are in possession of my ipad).No complaints regarding call quality or 4G speeds. Overall a very good purchase after a long time. Way to go Samsung!! Now only if you could drop the price a bit on the new Note 3 more people would be able to afford it.

First off let me say I purchased this phone about a month ago from a Best Buy in my area. Having come from a Samsung Galaxy Player 5.0 I was very happy with the transition. Now lets get to the nitty gritty shall we?Pros:Women usually come to me and go OMG its so big! (just a little joke to get the guys laughing(sorry ladies))This model of the note was perfected as far as the pen and the operating system goes. The s-pen on this model is so much more responsive and the android operating system is silky smooth. Also, this being the first Note that I have used I will have to give props to Samsung. They engineered it perfectly. The sound is just as amazing as it is on the Samsung Galaxy Player and on a day of heavy use I get a days worth of battery. Recharging once a day works for me, and dispite what apple users say, this  is where it is at. I can easily connect this to my Asus G74SX via bluetooth and play music directly from my phone and it is crystal clear! In my experiences I haven't been able to get an iphone to work with a Windows 7 computer with bluetooth (leave it to apple to mess that up!). If you haven't already check out FLOSSYCARTER's videos on youtube and you can see his video review.Unfortunately this is the part of the review that I am hating having to do because I love this phone!Cons:You can't use the s-pen on the menu and back buttons.You cannot transfer apps to your sdcard (as of 3/20/2013 this may change).For those who have had problems space problems on your phones, if you have anything on your google magazines unpin them and delete the movies off your device. You can always re-download them at any time. I hope this resolves your issues.Thanks for reading and if you like this review be sure to say it helped and leave a comment below. I may revise this review at any given time when I get a chance.Good day and God Bless
