
This phone is GREAT.  I bought this phone because it was a track phone and also I could text with it.  The only thing I wish was that I could find a cover for it.

I know this phone was on the cheaper side but it does so much clear large reading for phone numbers and everything else.can move around real easy would recommend this phone if you are on a fix income you get a lot for your money

What a scrap and waste of money. Please do not buy. It's deceiving sale and its worthless after I found out its not returnable after only one month .This is other money wasted on amazon buy.

Worth every penny! The phone works great and it also has good reception. Also the camera is not as bad as it may seem .

I'm not a heavy text or internet user so this model is perfect for my own purposes and for reasonable price without the hassles of contracts. As long as I wait couple of secs till the 'lock' the keyboard message shows up before I put in it my pocket or inside it's protective case, so I won't accidentally press the browser button. Browser tends to eat lots of minutes when it's activated. Other than that, everything works great.

I bought this phone along with 2 less capable ones to get away from an $80 fee from Verizon for 3 phones. My interest was in being able to text easily, since I'm so fumble fingered that it was almost impossible on my old flip phone. So far so good. Finding a case is a bit difficult, but along with the leather one on Amazon, I found one on eBay for $7. Paying $28 for a unit sold by Tracfone for $40 was a pleasant surprise. A friend gave me a 120 minute card that was tripled automatically to 360 plus I found an online code for 30 more free minutes. Definitely Google Tracfone Codes periodically to get some free time. My monthly bill on their family plan will only be $22 on Tracfone's Family Plan which is great for 3 people that are not heavy phone users. Being able to buy another 180 minutes for $20 in just about any store is another great benefit. The phone itself feels solid. The keyboard is small,but I'm getting pretty good with it. The video/photos seem pretty good. I'll be playing with those features.

replaced old Tracfone and works much better than the old one, better reception and better size and weights for practical use

Tracfone is a great prepaid cell phone service for those who are budget minded, yet like having the option to pay for more use time if they need it during vacation, family crisis, etc. to suplement a landline (which is primarily used). My son wanted this phone, because of the qwerty keypad.  The triple minute phones are a great deal!

Good service easy to connect to Internet. Phone was for my quadriplegic husband he loved the phone. It was easy to manage and triple min was awesome.

Very happy with this phone.  I just wanted a phone to make calls, and be able to text.  It works very well for me.

I had a few issues with tracfone porting my land line number, took over ten days. The Phone works great, only had it in use for one week.

For my first step into the cell phone world, I think this is a good buy, pretty easy to use, and should easily meet my needs.  I wanted something inexpensive, pay as you go, more for use if I'm away from home than anything else.  I was surprised to find the qwerty keyboard easy to use (not being used to tiny keys).I was so impressed I ordered a 2nd one for a good friend as a gift -- another &#34;sometimes user&#34; like me.My only frustration so far is being unable to find a hard case for it.  The phone is very slippery and is likely to get dropped eventually.  Ordered a leather case recently, which should help until I can find a decent hard case.If you are a sometimes user and don't want to be tied to a contract, like me, I'd suggest you check this phone out.

I had a smartphone. It was a good deal. Virgin Mobile's prices were better than almost all, and I only paid $25 and then $35 a month for more than I could use. But, for a variety of reasons, I decided that a smartphone was not good for me, and the money I spent was indeed excessive (after all, I paid for high speed Internet at home). So I switched to a dumbphone, a phone for calling and texting.The ability to port phone numbers is legally required in the USA, so switching from any carrier to another should be easy to do. Switching from Virgin Mobile to Tracfone was easy.My search for the absolute lowest price for what I wanted led me back to Tracfone, and my requirement for a phone with a QWERTY keyboard (I never sent a text message on a phone key pad) was my only restriction. The LG 530G has the features I wanted, and it has Triple Minutes.While I could go feature by feature in this review, that does not seem to be that useful. I have no major complaints. The keyboard is good enough, the call quality is better than my old service (in my location, AT&T; network is being used), and I would say the music player is actually pretty good. It can use a MicroSD card for storage.The battery lasts a long time and charges quickly. Maybe I was just used to the smartphone thirst for power, but this is a big difference for me.One negative thing is that the clock does not seem to have a 24 hour display mode.But, overall, I am very happy with it, and the good things I did not expect outweigh the few things which I wish were different.The biggest thing to consider is the Triple Minutes. Given that any network activity will use minutes, including opening text messages (receiving them does not use them), maximizing one's minutes even for very low volume users like myself is a good thing to do.I have not used the "Mobile Web" and I do not plan to do so.

This is the first cell phone I've ever owned that doesn't have a 'sent' folder in the text area. Maybe it's just me, but this is a crucial feature in a phone. I often find myself referring back to sent messages for various reasons. "I sent that message right as I left the house...what time was that?" and I can go look at the time I sent the message. Or..."did I send that to so-and-so by mistake?"...guess what, you can't go back and check, because you have no 'sent' folder. Totally ruins the phone for me. Why leave out such a basic feature?EDIT: Since writing this review, I have discovered that the "outbox" folder works as your "sent" folder. However, there is no folder for texts you want to save, you can only save to the SIM card, and then when you go to look for it...well, good luck finding it.

Is very comfortable to carry and easy to text. Dont really use it to access internet. Love the triple minutes .

I got this for my wife because she wanted a tracphone. It works like it should. I am just use to more of a smart phone (Iphone) but for her it works fine.

I just changed to this phone and like it very much. Apparently it's similar to a Blackberry because I had a few comments to that effect.  Reception is great. My only complaint is that you have to have the keyboard lock feature turned on to prevent accidentally starting an Internet session. I would like some type of setting to turn the Internet off all the time unless the setting was changed. Also the only type of cases that seem to be available are the pouch type that can be worn. I'd like some type of skin case but not available right now. Everything considered it's a very nice phone.

In general, I like Tracfone's pay-as-you go service arrangement. It fits my modest needs as opposed to a monthly contract. So far, I haven't been able to transfer service between phones without going through their phone service people. The use of foreign-speaking people working with scripts just isn't the most satisfying experience.

Was reluctant because of the negative reviews about Customer Service.  I've had both AT&T and MetroPCS.  Customer service was not good with either so I figured it was an industry standard.  Not true!  TracFone must have listened to you because I have nothing but praise for them. .. Would give them 5 stars I had to contact them twice while activating .  The phone will serve my purposes...occasional calls & texts ... While out of my house.  The only challenge Is getting a hard case to fit it.  Doesn't seem to be one.  So, if you want a hard case, I suggest you consider the 500G.  Looks almost the same and there are several cases available ..and it's cheaper.  Don't get airtime cards through Amazon.  MUCH more expensive.

Phone came brand new in box just as was stated on the ad  so thanks again with the triple minutes from trac phone

It is much better than my previous tracfone. It does so many more things, especially email. I also like the full keyboard.

I only keep this phone for when I am driving out-of-town.  It is a comfort to know that if I should have a car problem, etc., I am able to immediately call for help.  It is a great little gadget but cell phones don't work well in my area as a main source of communication.  A great little phone for the money!

I bought the LG 530G but when I went back to the store to buy a protective cover, not a case, found it is not available for this phone. Even searched on-line and in many stores but to no avail: K-Mart, Kohls, Walmart, JC Penny, Sams.

Hate is a strong word but I just can't find any other adequate word.This is my second LG530G phone.  My sister's dog chomped on the first one and splintered the screen.I had been happy with the phone (other than its' tendency to launch into the browser mode) so I decided to purchase another one and transfer my number and minutes.HOURS later as I waded through the endless loops of pre-recorded messages I finally decided to try the transfer online.  Their website informed me I had to type some codes into my old phone because they were having trouble.  Well, that was impossible as I had no screen to work with.  No matter how I tried I could not get a live operator.Finally I did an online search for the best phone number to use to get a live customer service rep.  The site also told me to choose the option that I wanted to purchase a new phone.  Their philosophy was that if Tracfone thought they had a potential purchaser on the line that a live person would pick up.....it worked!  I had to type three very lengthy codes into the new phone; it took a while because I was having a hard time understanding the customer service rep.  She was pleasant and was trying hard but her accent made it difficult for me.  Well, FINALLY it was done and my new phone is working perfectly.I just don't know if I will ever purchase with Tracfone again because of what I had to go through.

Bought it as a phone to keep in touch with my husband while he's at work. I love how cheap it is and and it's better than the Walmart Samsung i had! Nice for texting!

I had an older Tracfone and the texting capability was awful.  My new phone is wonderful.  I can text easily and the phone is very easy to use.  My older phone did not hold a charge very long and this one seems to hold a charge for a long time.  The sound quality is very clear.  I am very happy with my purchase.  The triple minutes are a plus too!

Having had the 'expensive' phones, I know a decent phone when I use one.  This is a good one.  Works as advertised.  Nuff said.

Phone is good but the keyboard is very small.  A 4 year old would have a hard time hitting the right buttons on it

too much trouble trying to activate this phone. gave up,the process

I lost my smartphone so I purchased this one to hold me over while I determine which providor to jump to next. The keyboard feels good, I had no trouble at all typing. I actually kind of missed a physical keyboard, and found this a pleasure to use. It does not sync with any services beyond email, but I'm not docking stars off this because it wasn't advertised to do so. The battery lasted a few days off a single charge. It is light but sturdy. It loses one star due to lack of wifi, which its closest competitor at the same price point possesses.

PROS:Clear soundGreat speaker, I can even hear music while drivingNice easy to use qwerty for textingBright screen, decent viewing sizeCame with triple minutes for lifeFantastic priceCONS:Phone designed to make it ULTRA easy to go to browser.This is a HUGE downside... I saw another reviewer mention it, but I ignored their warning.The hot key used for the browser is the same key as you use for "back" when you're in the folders.There is NO WAY TO DISABLE the BROWSER.Yeah, I figured so what.... I'll be careful, not like those "other" people.  I've been using the phone 3 weeks and have had it go to browser at least 6 times, just from being in my purse.  I started keeping it inside of a small pouch to try to keep the browser from being activated accidentally (why would I use this phone to go online anyway).  Every time I'm done using the phone, I stare at the screen to be sure it's completely black before I put it away.Today I came home, removed it from my purse, and tossed it on my bed, face up.  Several hours later I went to use it and .... no idea how long it had been on the browser, but hundreds of units are gone ...EDIT 2 MONTHS IN:  Recently I put the LOCKED phone in my pocket.  Walked around a store.  Twenty minutes later, heard a phone sound, pulled it out, a message was asking if I was sure I wanted to close the browser.  Turned out I didn't notice I had keys and phone in the same pocket.  Un-be-LIEVE-able ...SO...  I'm returning to using a favorite LG phone from back in the day.  I called Tracfone, they were very easy to talk to, and they're sending a new sim card for the old phone (no cost).  My remaining service days and all my units will be transferred and then: no more units being sucked away when I'm not looking ... no more inconvenient locking/unlocking!  Hallelujah!:))

I had a lg800g phone, but hated it. The LG530G is ten times better, it doesn't have a touch screen,but at least I don't have to pound on it to get it to respond. I'm afraid if you want a touch screen you will have to pay the money for a smart phone, which I don't want that bad, when this one does all I want for pennies instead of dollars. I just wish I could buy a skin for it, but can't find one anywhere.

not the car issue. all other cell phone seems to be okayconnecting. this phone you have to attempt connection twice before it accepts.no explanation i can find to resolve issue.also, to change the ring volume you have to jump down the menu 3 levels. not good when you board planes and goto movies and meeting at work all the time.

Overall it's not a bad phone with the triple minutes for life and the qwerty keyboard is nice if not a little on the small side. I have somewhat large hands and the keys are hard to strike one at a time. The G key doesn't want to work all the time. I don't seem to have the issues with the phone as far as accidentally activating the web. There are no free games and I have not been able to find any apps that work either. It works great for calls and text messages. I haven't received any photo messages so I can't  be sure of multi media texts. The camera works fairly well for the most part. It will not open files created on a computer. I tried opening files I created on my laptop and I was unable to open them. If your looking for a phone just for calls and texts it works great. This would be a good phone for a kid and time would be easy to control. If your looking for anything more this probably isn't the phone for you.

Can't beat the price!  Put a 1500 minute card on the phone from the Tracfone website, you'll get triple minutes so that's 4500 minutes and 365 days.  That's a lot of talking and texting for not much money!  The QUERTY keyboard is great and I was able to send all of my contacts over from my old phone using bluetooth.  I even use the mobile web on occasion if I am out and need to look up an address or phone number on the internet.

I love this simple phone.. allot better then my 15 dollar flip phone.. buttons are great. no butt dialing, charge lasts long and I love  the full keyboard!

My son broke this phone like ten times and it kept working and working even with a completelycracked screen.  He dropped it over and over so it was very well built

Pretty decent phone, nothing fancy but you should know that, I got it as a work phone.It has games on it, but they are demos which you can purchase with minutes.The triple minutes is wonderful and definitely worth the couple dollars more.Using it for music is okay if you are okay with only hearing most of the high end of a song(Almost zero bass response), but what do you expect from a phone that is mainly a utility piece anyway.Speaking of utility...The tools are what you'd expect.The voice recorder is pretty decent though.All in all I'm pleased with it, I haven't gotten any grief from it yet and the service is pretty okay too,

Works fine.  Double minutes installed card a real bargain.  Have been using it daily.  Very good features.  Would highly recommend it to others.  A good buy.

Love the phone but cannot find a case for it which is weird. Bought this phone for my mother and its a good phone for someone who doesn't want touch screen.

When I first received phone it worked great for about a week. Then it started freezing up in the middle of using it. I get no service messages and cannot use for hours at a time. When I use data or apps it will freeze up and you cannot do anything. The only way to stop it from eating minutes is to take the cover off and remove battery. It is a good thing that it has triple minutes because you get screwed out of a lot of them. So far at least a half a dozen calls to tracfone has not produced any fix. They keep me on the line entering long codes for 20 minutes which does nothing. There other repeat solution is to remove and reinstall the sim card. That does not work either. My previous LG phone lasted for years but this one is a piece of crap. The good price along with triple minutes should have been a red flag.

Great phone, but I tried getting a car charger and spare battery. They dont sell accessories, if you go to LG, they tell you only tracfone is allowed to sell the accessories; guess what, tracfone doesnt sell accessories, they tell you to contact LG.  You can buy a spare battery, used on ebay for 40 dollars.  If you could get accessories, I would give 2 more stars.

Tracfone used to use ATT for their GSM phones but once activated this one uses T-Mobile which really blows for signal where I live.  Have to walk over to a window facing the south of my house if want to try to send text msgs, forget even trying to make a phone call.Don't know if this is a new Tracfone thing or particular to the phone, but you might want to make sure you have good T-Mobile service before getting this one.

After a month of telephone calls, Tracfone finally had to send a replacement phone. It STILL doesn't work right. Texts are either not going through or show up 30 minutes later. Time for a Smart phone!

The last phone I had thru tracfone lasted for many years.  This one lasted only 3 months.  I called and got the sellers email address.  I just wanted to see if they would like to make a deal for a upgrade or work with me on a replacement somehow.  I never got any response.The seller also doesn't have a contact seller option.  If I see this again I will not buy from them.Sending the phone back and getting a small refund seems my only option.  It just seems that when a customer is willing to work with a seller that they would make some kind of effort to compromise.  I know that they didn't make the phone and things do happen.  I was with a company that did more than expected in customer service, I guess that is why they have been in business over 60 years.I'm still willing to work with them if they would bother to contact me.  In the meantime I'm without a mobile phone.

This is not a smartphone, but for a tracfone it's pretty good. The real keyboard makes texting easy. The camera is junk along with the other included software, but as a phone it's fine.

i actually like this phone.  it is really easy to use.  it doesnt have games on it but can still play music from a computer.  i love having a phone that i can transfer my music to.  i can listen to music while i am on walks.  i love the triple minutes for life.  that comes in handy since i am not home most of the time and i can call or receive calls when i am not home . i would give it 10 stars if i could.

So far I'm very happy with my new phone.  I switched to save money from my wireless plan.  Just needed a basic phone.  This one works great and I'm saving well over $250 a year!

It works fine for a prepaid phone. My problem is once we moved my old phone stopped getting any signal and was told by Tracfone this one was my best bet. I get a signal, maybe half the time. If I ever have a real emergency I'd be in trouble tho. It's good with pictures and such but there are no games. You get a game 'demo' that you can play for 2 minutes to a maximum of 4 times then you have to buy the game or something. But if I lived closer to town this would be a better phone I'm guessing.

Well the phone was fine. The problem was even for an 11 yr old and triple min. Just wasn't enough. I found I was spending $60 plus and climing. So have to go another rought. So phone great for those that talk and text little. $20 gets you 180 mins which comes out to about 3 hrs.

arrived promptly, phone was easy to set up & enjoy having a keyboard(last Tracfone was touch screen.)  local service is spotty, but phone has strong antenna. recommend this phone for someone who doesn't want/need all the bells&whistles, and mostly use phone for texting & calls. did research before buying and this phone & 1 year service& 400minutes(tripled) card i purchased also, provides me w/ a new phone, 1 year service and 1200mins. for less than $10/month.

no english tech support..you know the story off shore boiler room supposed expert techs who did not even know the productand worse yet could not understand them  just gimmee credit card number we fix and sell you more of what you do not needbuy a tin can and string..you will get better results  complete garbage from jump street  returned withiot a hitch though so kudos on that

I will never buy a phone on line without knowledge of how it works...my mistake #1. I did read all about it and the reviews but thought it would work out as I only need a phone for emergencies...Well, the emergency would be over by the time I get the phone on, unlocked and unlocked again and get it to move to contact and to all the other things to get help...My 6 year old phone was a simple goto idea and now this phone is a project to get service.Now, why did I not just return it?Because I thought I just had to get past the learning curve and made the mistake of calling Tracfone to get my1818.6 minutes transferred over to the old phone...I got connected to a person after numerous trial and error numbers and voice only conversations and number crunching...this took 1:12 min...Then the real fun...I could hardly hear person and he did not speak clear English...I told him what I needed (Ihave delt with no problem in past 6 years of buying air time with Tracfone)...he did not understand at first...after entering dozens of codes and giving a ton of info...he TOOK OFF ALL MY MINUTES FROM OLD PHONE AND IT SHUT DOWN...AH, THAT IS GOOD ! NOOOOOOOOOOO because it is not on my new phone...it is not any place...I have spent 2:56 min. more to get to this place...HE SAYS BARE WITH HIM FOR THE MMILLIONTH TIME  what other choice do I have...more code entering , more time, I have done a load of laundry, eaten dinner, watched 4 TV shows while doing this so far...THEN, HE SAYS OH, I WILL CALL YOU BACK IN 20 SEC...I ask on what number and he says he can not tell me and hangs.up...NOW I HAVE ZERO WORKING PHONES OLD OR NEW ONE ...ZERO MINUTES AND AM ZEROED OUT...A call to Amazon...no help but they were sorry..Back to Tracfone...now into 4th hour plus...more long waits at last a person...he was easier to hear and work with...we started putting in codes and codes and more codes and thank you for baring with mes etc...after hour 6 total time he says t &#34;there ...sou should have your minutes back in 48 hours!&#34;NOOOOOOOOOOOO I want them now ..I am elderly ...I may not be around in 48 more hours and I don't want to call back back if it doesn't work...have mercy on me.Ah, he took pity on me and said let me talk to my sup...I figure he will never come back BUT HE DID AND SAID WE CAN GET YOU YOUR MINUTES NOW...They did and I now can use the phone...I unlock it and it loks if you don't hurry ...It is not a fun fone.It is not good service...I like Tracfone service IF I don't need their help...I never, never, never,want to deal with them again!

Excellent phone with lots of perks.  I only use the phone & texting, but not very often.  I also get triple minutes when I buy minutes which is really nice.

Things like this are difficult for me these days. Expensive phones new small crap. But I have to say I have taken to this very easily. You easily adjust the size of the text, the screen is great. The buttons being small you would think would be cumbersome and I have large hands but they really are great in comparison to standard phones you have to push the same button repeatedly. It has every feature I could imagine you would need on a phone and the picture quality is very good. We bought one in the store and paid to much, then found this one on amazon with the car charger bundle for a much better price. Not mention if you buy a year card with 400 min and use a promo code you can end with 1450 min and a nice new phone for about 135 bucks. It's a nice large thin phone, over all a great phone. These days I believe this is a a rare thing that is affordable and gives exactly what you need with out paying for crap you don't or over paying for a company new. Thank you.

phone is ok but i dont like the browser key keep hitting it bymistake and it cost me min.you should be able to enable that function

I really like this phone, texting is a lot easier on this phone, Porting my number was easy too.  I recommend this phone.

This phone has served me well. Love the qwerty keyboard. The only thing wrong is the letter C has to be pressed harder, but I got it as an open box item so that's understandable. Very nice phone and takes nice pictures. I never use the internet browser with this as it is expensive.  It does accidentally click to internet browser when I knock it sometimes but I just turn off right away. Tracfone is a whole different ballgame compared to plans but I like it & use shorthand to save money.

Pros:&#62;Inexpensive&#62;qwerty keyboard&#62;good sound quality on calls&#62;battery seems very good.&#62;triple minutes&#62;receiving calls does not require the long boot time (see cons)Cons:&#62;Powering on takes a very long time (a full 32 seconds to get to the menu screen!). This is why I only give this product 3 stars.&#62;keys are rather small and I don't have huge fingers but you can type without error if you are careful.&#62;could not pair the bluetooth with my other phone to transfer my contacts. I am not sure what the problem there is. Perhaps operator error.&#62;phone was not visible to a caller one day and the phone was at the same location only it had been moved upstairs.

Nice phone!  Wish it had bigger buttons & came with a case ...Takes nice picsGot the LG500 flex cover & it fits good (a few holes in the wrong spots - but not bad & easy to fix)

I wanted a no contract phone with a QWERTY keyboard as I'm old and not wanting to learn how to text without a keyboard. The phone is good quality and gets good reception and talk quality. When I carry it at work in my pocket it will turn itself on even though I've activated the auto shutoff feature. Not a big deal It mets my needs to have an occasional use phone for about 10 dollars a month. The LG website is more current than the paper manual that comes with the phone so use them to learn the system, in particular how to use the numbers. I would recommend this to anyone who needs a phone but doesn't do a lot of texting or data downloads on the web.

It is convenient and easy to use.  I can find and note names of friends and family, and write their phone numbersEasy as eating pie!  Have had a few conversations with friends and family using this phone.Love it.

I gonna say this I am a fan of trac phone.  I have been places where people have contract phones that dont work and ye olde tracphone works just fine.  This is my 3rd phone and really dig this one.  My wife and I both got this one so we could send texts when were out of town.  I mean yeah i could just call but the conversation is usually this.  Hello.  Hey hows it going,  Good.  and then silence.  OK Well ill talk to u later i dont wanna waste anymore minutes.  Love you, bye.  But now with this easy to use texting system it works much better and for less minutes unless i send a pic of a tree im standing by.  Very easy to use and easy to transfer mins from another phone.  Well not very easy u do have to call tracphone and deal with that but doesnt take long.  plus this came with triple minutes which is very cool.  u can browse the web and doesnt take that many minutes off for checkin the weather.  but be honest here if u were gonna be on the web a lot u would have a smartphone with a plan and not waste mins u have to buy.  so if your lookin to upgrade that old flip trac phone get this one.

Calls and text only. No frills or fuss. Does exactly what I need it to and it looks cute! At 20 a month as a moderate texter this was the best option.

Nice, but I don't like the fact that it locks every few seconds. I'm surprised that no one has commented on that. It's really annoying. Programmed it to lock after 60 seconds which was the most amount of time available. That's still to quick. I'm having to unlock it all the time. Yes, it's nice that it won't dial a number when it's in your purse or pocket. But in your hand? Would have been nice if it stayed unlocked until the user was finished and locked it themselves.

I like it .it works good the letters and numbers on keyboard are real small, besides that it works for me. Cell Phone,Phone camera to take pictures and video recorder to make videos and voice recorder and can transfer them to PC with a adapter PC-MAC UBS cable that you need to buy if you want to tansfer pictures or videos onto your computer from your phone.

I've been using an LG flip phone for several years, but decided to upgrade because I wanted a phone with an mp3 player and maybe a few other features.  I finally decided on this one, and I haven't been disappointed!  I'll try to highlight the main things here:Texting: Much easier than on my old phone.  The keys are small, and I do occasionally have to backspace to correct a typo, but I also have to correct typos on my computer, so no big deal.  It's so nice to have all the symbols, letters, and numbers right there instead of having to go to a different screen or hit the same button several times to get the right letter.Calling: Again, the keys are small, but I'm still able to easily dial a number.  Also, I transferred all my contacts from my old phone via Bluetooth, so that also makes calling easier.  Sound quality is good, and answering calls is easier than with my old phone because I don't have to flip it open first.Music: It's easy to add music by putting it on a micro SD card (not included with this phone) and then putting it in the phone.  I put in an 8G card, and there's plenty of room for the music I want.  But if you're going to add songs pretty often, you'd be better off buying a cord to hook it up to your computer, because the micro SD card actually fits in underneath the back plate of the phone.  Fortunately for me, the USB cord from my digital camera also fits this phone and makes adding songs EXTREMELY easy!  Music sound quality is good.  My only complaint is that the lowest sound level is a bit too loud with earbuds, and if you try to turn it down, it just mutes it.  I'm planning to buy some earbuds that have their own volume control, which should solve the problem.Pictures: This phone takes pretty good pictures, and although I haven't tried it yet, it should be pretty easy to transfer the pictures to my computer with a USB cord.  I've tried transferring pictures from my computer to this phone, which works OK except that it says some of the pictures are too big, so I guess I'll have to figure out how to resize them.Internet: I don't really need to get online with my phone, but it's nice to have the option in case I need to check my e-mail or something.  I've played with it just a little bit, but it eats up a lot of minutes.  I think I was online for about 5 minutes, and it used up 15 phone minutes.  But it's pretty easy to check my e-mail with it, so if I just need to check quickly, it works well.  I haven't tried installing any apps on it yet.I've read other reviews complaining about this phone getting online by just getting bumped or something.  I've been using this phone for almost a week and haven't had ANY trouble with this at all.  I have it in a semi-hard case that clips to my belt.  Before I put the phone in the case, I wait for it to lock.  After putting it in the case, I've experimented with shaking it a little bit to see if it would press the buttons (it didn't), and I've checked lots of times just to make sure it stays locked.  I think I might have unlocked the phone by pressing the buttons really hard through the case, but I had to press pretty hard.  I don't think it'll ever unlock itself and turn the internet on as long as I keep it in the case and make sure it's locked.Ringtones: This phone comes with a few ringtones, but I haven't listened to them because I had ringtones that I'd created and I just transferred them from my old phone via Bluetooth.  My only complaints are that you can't assign different ringtones to different contacts and the volume settings for ringtones and message alerts are on separate screens.  But I just found a button that apparently puts the entire phone on vibrate, so maybe that will solve that problem.Transferring Service to This Phone (from another Tracfone): I was able to easily transfer my minutes, service days, and phone number to this phone on the Tracfone website.  It only took a few minutes for the transfer to go through.The only thing I have left to say is that I absolutely love this phone!  It meets my needs well, and I'm very glad I decided to buy it.  If I think of anything else to say, I'll post an update to this review.UPDATE: I've now had the phone for about six weeks.  There was one time when my sister called and my phone didn't show the call, and there was one time when I had my phone in my pocket and accidentally pressed it against something, and it turned on the internet.  But I realized right away that I had it pressed against something and immediately checked, so I didn't lose lots of minutes.  As long as I'm careful with it, I don't have a problem.  Still loving this phone!

I had to send back the phone because the tracphone company would not activate it. They said the phone was from Target & I needed a receipt from Target showing the purchase. This company just said &#34;send it back for a refund&#34; ...huh?. So now a week is wasted & I have to get another phone, this time I will walk in a store and buy a phone from AT&T.

I'm a senior so needed a phone that was easy to use especially when texting. I'm having a problem finding a case for it however and would like to protect it in my purse.

Dh and I both bought these to switch to Tracfone, which will cut our normal cell bill in half. Phones arrived quickly (put the order through on a Sunday night, phones arrived Tuesday morning) from this seller, well packaged, and they seem pretty sturdy & quality, which was kind of unexpected for the low price! The keys are much easier to push & better laid out for texting than other phones I have had (not a fan of touch screen phones).  The functions are straight forward, and the menu is easy. There is also an interactive tutorial on the Tracfone website where you can learn all the ins & outs, but really, most people probably wouldn't need it. (it's THAT straight forward). Tonight we ported my husband's # from our old wireless company, (he didn't want to lose his old phone # and we are switching from Verizon Wireless).  We did the request online, and it took about 30 mins for his phone # to be switched. We then activated the phone, and added a minutes/service package all online. We did not have to talk to anyone over the phone, and it went fairly well. With the triple minutes, (Awesome), he got 4600 mins total from the 1500 min card (which means somehow we got a 100 mins bonus), and 14 mo. of service time. (don't know where the extra 2 mos of svc time came from, but we'll take it). This means his phone time for the next year will cost us about $.05 per minute. The only confusing part was entering in this code from the tracfone site to activate the phone - you would type in this code, then had to keep hitting the &#34;accept&#34; button on the computer, and then it would come up with another code to enter. Just keep going, and after 3 different codes entered successfully, it was ready to go!  Back to the phone - overall, nice looking, easy to use, fully functional for all the basics - calling, texting, photos, bluetooth, video, alarm clock, calendar, tip calculator. What more could you ask for about $30?  As long as you're not constantly needing to get online with it (which you Could do, but apparently from other reviews it's not real great at it), you're good to go!  Great experience, great value, and great phone.

This is an excellent phone with keyboard for texting and lots of other nice features. I would recommend it to others.

This seemed the easiest way to give my daughter a cellphone and some responsibility too.  I buy her 60 minutes every 90 days, which is tripled with this phone, if she uses her minuted she has to buy more.

First, I recieved this phone very quickly with amazon 2-day shipping. Second, this phone is purely AMAZING, it has a very easy-to-use keyboard, unlike the pressure screen of a lg800 which I previously owned. It has great resolution(around 720p). It has 3G wifi capability, for instance I was able to use it in the middle of a forest. Over-all I think this phone is a great phone and is cheaper than most blackberry phones

Easiest tracfone I have had for internet use.  Keyboard makes it easy to text.  Gave this to my 9 year old son and he was able to use it with no problems.

After reading numerous positive reviews of this item (with warnings about the heavy minutes deduction with browser use -- I only use my phone for the 'net occasionally, so that was acceptable), I ordered with confidence.  What a disaster this item is -- not typical of my experience with LG phones.First, the phone gobbles up minutes when the browser is open because it is slower than dial-up, pulls up windows that are too small to read w/o using Options to Zoom the page, and the toggle for page direction is inaccurate and prone to error. So, minutes go by with no positive outcome.Second, the phone uses a toggle button instead of arrows to navigate a page.  You press the top or bottom of the toggle to scroll up or down, and press the right or left side of the button to go laterally.  The equivalent of &#34;enter&#34; is the center of the toggle button. It is difficult to press the toggle exactly correctly in order to get the response you want, especially the &#34;down&#34; toggle -- frequently need to use my fingernail the press it in order not the have it read as &#34;enter&#34; and bring up a page I don't want.I've had much lower grade, simpler phones (including LG) with better internet access and visual display.  The toggle is annoying to the point that I consider this wasted money.Pros: keyboard is accurate, including the tiny number keys on the left (in spite of the drawback listed above.)I can set it to go directly to my email account of choice from the EMAIL menu key --nice.Cons:  Non-existent internet service.Sloppy toggle buttonCannot set the phone to vibrate w/o having to toggle down the volume from maximum. There is no mute button

The phone was a great deal from tracfone. Great functions, but the keys are a little small. The triple minutes make up for that though.

The phone itself is quite nice. I like the keyboard, although it's small. However, once I had to contact Customer Service, the bloom was off the rose. I couldn't place long distance calls. I spoke to three different people. Language barrier aside, the first two took about 10 mins. "investigating," only to come back and repeat to me - "You can't place long distance calls, right?"  Yes, that's what I said. They tried to tell me the numbers I was calling all had a problem. Statistically impossible, as they were in different area codes. Finally, I had to get cranky. The third person took offense to my attitude. I chose to let that go. He had me enter six different, long codes on the phone. At long last, I could dial. Overall, might not be worth it. But the phone itself is quite nice.

Like all dumb phones, some of the apps are difficult to access and there is no way to create shortcuts. The buttons are also quite small, but you will get use to that. The volume is loud and the phone seems sturdy except that the back may pop off if dropped. My wife got the Samsung which is almost identical. this one is better because the Camera is easy to access. For the price, you can't beat it

This is my second LG prepaid phone and although I like the triple minutes, the Samsung prepaid phone offered more features. I thought I was getting a bargain, but not so much.It states in the handbook that it plays micro SD cards up to 32gb, which it does but it omits music.I try to log into Facebook on my browser feature and it won't let me.I just love being free from a very costly monthly contract that is why I will always choose Tracfone triple minutes plan, but I will be very cautious of what phone I buy

I purchased the LG-530g because it was reviewed quite correctly as being easy to use for texting.  However, if you are an elderly person and you need time to think about your next step in operating the phone, the lock and unlock mechanism can be a little irritating.  However most other phones have this mechanism.  Also try and make sure that the phone is delivered with the correct CIM card.  Changing this card is not easy but Tracfone do an excellent job at rectifying any problems of this nature.

i got this phone so i can texs people. but they dont have any aps to do it like kik messageser. or games fore that mater. you cant got aps at all you can get ring tones and wallpapers. so dont buy this phone. they wont help you as theres no one you can talk to . yes i konw its a phone place. and there web site sucks they say there ap but theres not. but if you know how to get aps fore this phone by rooting pleace tell me at cfmfgf@yahoo.com. HELP!!!.

I purchased this phone to replace an old very basic Samsung Tracfone that I bought as a back-up for emergencies.  My contract service through a popular service provider was OK at best in the area where I live....many, many dropped called prompted me to purchase the Tracfone.  It worked better than my contract phone.  But I had a contract and was waiting until the contract was up.  In the meantime I researched which provider gave better service in this area.  Many of you are probably very familiar with the problems I encountered.Long story short....I decided to upgrade the basic phone and purchase the LG 530G with Triple Minutes.  The phone arrived through Amazon services in 2-days and I couldn't be happier.  I had very little trouble transporting the phone number to the new phone and the triple minutes are wonderful.  I am not a heavy cell phone user so it is perfect for me.  AND, and.... it works everywhere.  No more dropped calls....I get 4 or more bars everywhere, and I do mean everywhere I go.  It has a lot more bells and whistles than I need but happy to know they are there.I work from home so talking and texting is more than enough, at the moment.  I am very happy with this phone and I am seriously considering not renewing my contract with the big cell service provider and/or moving to another contract provider.My only complaint is I cannot find a cover/case.  If anyone knows where I can find one I would very much appreciate if you post the information.  Thank you.

This phone does nothing to make texting easier. Texts do not show up in &#34;conversation&#34; format. Sent texts do not remain on the phone at all. You can't go back and look at what you said previously. No autocomplete. No autocorrect. Beyond all that, sound quality has been fine. Coverage has been fine. I'm saving a ton of money with this thing.I use google voice on my pc and an android smart phone to conduct the majority of my communication for free. However, the smart phone no longer gets cell service since I gave that up when my contract ran out. So I can only do this free communicating when I have WiFi. This actually works far better than you might think, but no talking on the go.I got the tracphone only for important things when I don't have WiFi.This phone is the reason that you shouldn't text and drive.

I bought the Samsung S390G first (really wanted the WiFi feature) and hated it!  The tracpad was WAAAY too sensitive, and when I used the MP3 player with the auxiliary input on my car stereo there was a horrible scratching sound between songs.  I'm using the same micro sd card with the LG 530G and have no problems with the MP3 player.  Overall I'm very pleased with this phone - now if only Tracfone would record text in conversations!

As eager as I was to get this new Tracfone, I was greatly disappointed in the service area range. The coverage was very scetchy with this model.

I bought this phone at a retail store for $25 to replace my LG-225 flip phone which worked for years before a boating mishap.I primarily text and play games, and while texting is faster than a flip phone keyboard, I am finding the buttons too small for me and will probably end up with a slider phone instead. Game playing is difficult, especially with a timed game.Thinking the phone would work for watching videos, I downloaded some .3gp files to the phone. The videos play, but the standard "1/4" screen is too small and full screen is to jerky - like a dvd played at x2 speed - for the phone to be practical as a video player.The mp3 player function works very well and the phone has a standard headphone jack.The camera takes pictures at 1280x960 resolution, and the phone will display .jpg files at up to 2560x1920, which is just under 5mp. The phone will not display 3200x2400 or 3072x2048 for example, so using the phone as a picture viewer may require resizing images. I can't detect a visual difference between 1280x960 and higher resolutions on the phone screen.The LG530G fits nicely in a blackberry case.I miss the convenience of the flip phone secondary screen, and not having to lock the keyboard after use, which is very important with the LG530G, especially since the right soft key instantly activates the browser.This phone receives 3G service, but the browser eats up minutes fast. Not suggested for moderate or heavy internet use.The LG530G locked up 2 of 4 times on disconnecting the data cable from the computer. I had to remove the battery and restart. Once I ejected the device from Win 7 first, the other I tried to exit using the phone first.The phone comes with two time limited demo games: Midnight Pool 2 and Platinum Solitaire 2. The Tracfone web site only lists ringtones and graphics after entering my phone number for "tracfone extras, tones & games", requiring using the browser and minutes to browse games.You cannot use the tracfone site to transfer minutes from an old phone to a new phone unless the old phone is functioning. When you call customer service to transfer minutes, be sure the rep agrees with you on how many minutes you had in the old phone.More control over the volume would be nice in games, especially between "off" and the next setting.Because of the small buttons, the usual 2abc, 3def, 4ghi, etc. is not present.In conclusion, this is a feature rich phone and should work well if you don't mind the button size.

Wife loves it.  Online manual is excellent for learning all the functions. Only one issue and that is the back removable plate is very flimsy.  A case should solve that.

I am very satisfied with this phone.  I generally get better coverage with it than I do with the Verizon phone I carry for work.  The Triple Minutes is an added bonus!  I do wish it had more ringtones to select from, but overall a great phone for the price.

Love this phone!  It has great pickup.  Can talk anywhere and call is not dropped.  It is my &#34;smart phone&#34;.

14 bucks for the phone 20 bucks for minutes now I'm all set until November, Sprint was costing me 30 bucks a month. Make sure to google tracfone promo codes before you enter airtime code, you can add additional days and minutes for free. I don't surf on my phone screen is too small and with sprint connection was always 1 bar in my area so surfing was painfully slow. If you want a phone just for calls and texting and your cheap like me, this will work. I was able to port my old number over from Sprint using the Tracfone web site, all went OK.

Vert affordable.  Very tough.  Hey, it's a tracfone man.  I don't have to backed into a corner for 2 years stuck making payments.  This phone has all the functionality that I need.  Nice texter.... triple minutes... Nice!

I love it because it has triple minutes (I upgraded from the LG 500G), first of all. Tracfone really is the best pay as you go deal, and a 400 minute card (which becomes 1200 which becomes 1450 with bonus code + a year of service) lasts me about a year (Ebay for the win).What's not to love about this phone? I have tried using my mom's smartphone and am not a fan of the touchscreen. I like the full QWERTY keyboard, the images to choose from for your wallpaper are interesting enough, and the good thing about this phone (as opposed to the 500G) is that there is a one button push to turn it from vibrating to non-vibrating. I leave it on vibrate all the time, as I don't like the key tone when texting annoying).I have to admit, I don't use it for the internet as I have a laptop and I don't want to suck the units down to go online.For texting and phone calls though, this phone does it and it does it well.Clarity: I maybe give it a 4 out of 5. It's not terrible but not super awesome like a home phone would be.It is a little slippery so a case would be nice, but I have yet to come across any cases customized for this particular phone.I saw the good reviews on this and am glad I bought it. It's a good price for a decent phone and nobody realizes it's a Tracfone (the horror!) unless I tell them. :)

I love this new phone; I bought one on Tracfone's network 2 days ago. It's got email access, mobile web... and a useless music player. I can't get this thing to sync to my computer. I've downloaded the LG USB driver, but it's made no difference.Other than that, though, can't say I can complain that much. It sucks down both battery life and minutes, but, based on Tracfone's mobile web system, that's just a fact of life now.I now have a MicroSD card, and I found it easier to drag-and-drop files for transfer to the card by sliding it into a card reader. I haven't found a way to sync the phone directly, but it doesn't matter anymore. I got the music player to work.

This phone has been great!!! At first tracfone wouldn't give me the triple minutes because I didn't buy the phone directly from their site...but I talked to one of their managers and they eventually worked it out. So happy with my triple minute phone!!! Save me a bundle...

this is the 2nd LG530G i've purchased.  the 1st one got wet so i bought another one just like it because it's easy to use, easy texting and it's inexpensive.  the triple minutes are great, too.  i've had pretty good experiences with Tracfone, too.

I wanted a phone that I could use mostly for texting and having when running errands and with no contract.  This is a great little phone.  Keyboard is small, but not a problem for me.  I like the full key-board which is more than my first Virgin Mobile phone years ago had, which I used for the same feature, texting. I love the fact that it came with Triple Minutes. Great phone for what I was willing to pay and what my needs are.July 2014 update - the receiving part of the texting has quit working. I'm not sure that it receives voice mail any more either. From what I have found on-line in reviews and trying to find a solution to the problem this seems to be an apparent problem with this model. If you buy it through Amazon TracFone won't replace it. One help I found was to do a Master Reset, well, my phone won't do a Master Reset so off to purchase another phone.I like the triple-minutes and TracFone service just not this phone.

Great phone at an even greater price! It's sleek, thin and very easy to navigate. I decided to try Tracfone after a friend told me about it and I calculated that I could drop my phone service bill from almost $50 per month to $10! Phone works great and the service so far has been consistently dependable. I definitely recommend this phone and Tracfone's service!

I had another LG Tracfone before this one, the 500G, and the 530G is definitely a step up in quality. The display is noticeably nicer; higher resolution and larger than its little cousin. I chose this phone because it has QWERTY which not many Tracfones do. I've been using it since May and I'm happy with it so far.Pros:-Any units you buy to put on this phone get automatically tripled. Very good deal. I talk and text a lot so I usually buy 1500 units at a time, which gets tripled to 4500 units. That's currently the best price per minute on any prepaid phone plan I've seen.-There are handy shortcut buttons to the camera, email inbox, and SMS inbox-keys are easy to press-screen looks pretty nice for a phone of this size-camera is surprisingly OK for a dumbphone. Even if you don't have an extra memory card, you can take photos and transfer them to a computer via Bluetooth.-it can send and receive email for a pretty reasonable cost of airtime units. Usually less than sending and receiving SMS even though emails are often longer than SMS.Cons:-had to spend over 2 weeks trying to get Tracfone to activate this phone with my old phone number-I've twice now had a phone conversation cut off with the error message &#34;Temporary failure.&#34; Temporary failure of what? Maybe I have a faulty phone.Notes:-The back of the phone requires you to press it down in several places to snap it on properly.-The keys are sometimes too easy to press. Have to check everything I type for accidentally repeated letters.-When you hold down the backspace key it deletes everything you typed in the message. Kind of annoying because I expected it to delete 1 character or 1 word at a time.-If you're having problems activating the phone, don't call Tracfone customer service, use the online Tracfone forums. Saved me so much time--instead of waiting on hold for hours I just checked my messages on the forum whenever it was convenient for me.

This phone does everything I need it to do.  I spent about $30 for the phone and about $100 for enough minutes and time to last me more than a year.  Phone calls, texts, camera, video, alarm, calender, music and internet if needed in a pinch.  The triple minutes included with this phone really cuts down on what you have to buy.  I don't need to pay for an expensive phone and $70 a month for service, I can easily use my laptop for most of those services.  I like the full keyboard for texting much better than my kids touchscreen phones.  My Tracfones have always gotten better service than other phones when we travel because Tracfone uses signal from 4 major networks, not just one.  And I really like this phone compared to my last few because the battery lasts for more than a week on one charge when I just leave it in my purse and use it for a few calls every day.  I really have no complaints about this phone at all.  The screen locks quickly and I have not had any issues with accidental dialing from my purse or pocket.If you are comparing this phone to any of the newest smart phones and expecting the same out of it, then of course you will be disappointed.  If you just need a low cost phone for calls, texts, music, and rare internet use, then this phone will be much more than you expect for the price.  We like it enough that my husband will be giving up his more expensive phone for one of these, and the kids have already been converted to Tracfones as well.  For the FIVE of us we spend less than $500 per year on phone service when all the &#34;family plans&#34; from the mainstream companies would cost us at least $300 a month ($3600 a year plus the cost of phones, ouch!)  We now take some nice vacations every year with the money we don't spend on fancy phones.  Seems like a wise choice to me!

Good Phone from LG. Presented to my daughter and she likes it. It is almost more than a month and no issues. I would recommend this definitely.

Extremely pleased with this phone.  I've had a flip phone for years and I like the long battery life but was becoming frustrated with text messaging on a 10 button keyboard.  I looked at a few qwerty phones in the store and ended up buying this one from Amazon without trying it out first.  The ergonomics on this phone are much better than the other qwerty phones I looked at.  The buttons are crisp and have some shape so you can feel if you're in the middle of the key.  The processor is plenty fast and the menus are well designed.  The screen is larger and brighter than my old flip phone.  Text messaging is 100x easier than a flip phone and probably better than touch screen since touchscreen since you can actually feel the keys on this.  I've I this phone running for 4 days now and the battery still shows 2 bars.  I would recommend this phone 100% for anyone looking for a flip phone upgrade but not wanting the full functionality of a smart phone.

How is the new Daylight Savings Time set? I have spent more time thanI should trying to perform this function!

The sound is clear and the phone works well for voice and text messages.It does not, however, connect to the web very quickly, and therefore a lot of minutes are used up trying to use the phone for email or web searching. But that's not what I got the phone for and don't really expect that from a phone at this price.The phone is very easy to use. However, it was not easy to set up. The directions that came with the phone were not at all adequate to get the phone set up and programed so that you could actually use it through Tracfone's network. Nor is the information you can get online from Tracfone's website about setting up this particular phone adequate for you to be able to set the phone up. I needed to spend a good deal of time with someone from a call center in order to enter the appropriate information into the phone before I was actually able to make and receive calls and messages. (And the call center was not the most adept -- it took a lot of time waiting on hold to get someone; it wasn't that easy to understand their english; they weren't able answer questions quickly or explain things throughly). Once the phone was set up, the phone itself is easy enough to use.Furthermore, you will not be able to find a case for this phone through the normal suppliers. The rubber &#34;skins&#34; that a lot of people use as cases are custom sizes and they only seem to be made for the most popular phone models on the market like iphones or smart phones. (So there are actually a lot of different model cel phones that you might buy and you won't be able to find cases for them). I did manage to find a pouch-style case for the phone in a small outlet store that works fine but it was not easy to find.It's also supposed to be possible to &#34;lock&#34; the keys so that when the phone is in standby mode and sitting in your pocket or a bag, one of the buttons won't actually get pushed and start a function inadvertently and use up all of the minutes. I have not been able to activate the key locks, despite following the directions explicitly. It hasn't been a problem for me because I don't use the phone that much so I don't leave it in stand by mode -- I always turn it completely off and just turn it on to use it or check for messages. But for others it would be a real problem.So if you need the most basic cel phone for calls and text messages, this phone is a great value. If you are interested in other features, like email, web browsing, specialty apps, etc., you might find that other models would be a better choice.

I went from android to this because it's great for texting and talking. Great phone with great minuets.

Love this phone.  Saves us money each month. Goodbye two year contract with A T & T!  We will no miss that high bill.

The phone works great as a phone but the unable to transfer photos to my computer via the usb cable provided.

i got this phone because i wanted to text easier,and it is.but it cant get many games and it uses A LOT of minuites on browser. and it also has a long lasting battery.it is a very nice,longlasting phone.it has a very good price.But if you want to use it for game and internet.i would not recommend it.I would reccomend this to a friend.

my phone arrived in a timely manner, I love the way it fits into my hand, it's also lightweight,good looking .so far I have no complaints.

Its a phone.. That's all you can say about it.. It calls.. sometimes.. It texts.. sometimes.. It gets calls.. sometimes.. It gets texts.. sometimes.. The back button and the browser button are shared so you spend half your time cancelling the browser.. It has no muted vibrate selection only.. You can't get any sort of protective case for it.. The querty keys are great but they replicate alot so you spend so much time correcting what you are sending.. The pictures and video do not like to transfer to any other object.. And.. the newest problem is this.. My rec'd texted messages somehow got switched into conversation view and now you can not change it back and you are unable to access your text messages or delete them.. You only have one chance to read it, but you have to be careful since the button to view double pushes alot.. And your phone can only hold so many texts before you can receive no more.. I will never buy and LG anything ever again..

This cell phone was compact and was able to do a lot of the things that more expensive phones do.

I bought this phone from Target because I had a gift certificate.  I replaced a Lg800 phone that I did not like because of the horrible touch screen - which made texting very frustrating.  I know how a good touch screen is supposed to work because I own an IPad.  However, I don't want the monthly payment of a smart phone.  I have owned a Blackberry that I liked a lot.  Thus I decided to try the 530g.The qwerty keyboard works as well as the Blackberry - I can text again!  The screen has a good resolution.  I have not seen anything advertised or on the phone packaging saying it is 3G, but in the upper left hand corner of the phone by the signal bars is "3G".  I tried it yesterday - looking up Espn to get the score of the KU game while we were running errands, and it was pretty fast.  I can also access e-mail and Facebook. I didn't get the phone for these features, and it is not a replacement for a smart phone as far as speed and convenience, but I was impressed nonetheless.The phone looks expensive.  Its not so obvious I have a "dumb phone" It is pretty thin.  I'm on Amazon looking for a case - nothing out yet since the phone is newly out.Overall - I'm very happy with it.  My only complaint, which is true for all tracfones, is that it does not record text conversations - only individual texts.

...and into the 21st Century!  Tracfone, for me, has been a wonderful mobile carrier, and this new phone will make my life easier.

Love the phone. Lot's of nice features. Love the qwerky pad. Just enough bell's and whistles for me. Simple is better

i went from a basic phone with regular texting to this one with a keyboard and it is so much easier and faster to text this way, my mom had a hard time seeing the letters on the little keys but i had no problem. i have tried it out with outgoing and incoming calls and it is fine- also bought and downloaded a custom ringtone with no problem. the process to transfer my number to it is much easier than it used to be --no codes to type in, i also love the fact that the keyboard automatically locks so no &#34;butt dialing&#34;

Phone is awesome. I do not use one enough to pay for monthly service. This one is a 3G, Great coverage, very easy to use....I recommend to everyone. HOWEVER, I have lost the battery out of it and can't seem to find one anywhere, not even Tracfone will help. Could someone PLEASE look at your battery and give me the info off of it, so I can find a new battery for this little phone. Thanks!!!!!

I really like the phone, I had the LG800 before this one. Love the triple minutes, but wish the battery life was a little longer. I have to charge it every 2-3 days but other than that its great! Easy for me to text also.

Upgraded from my old bare basic phone, battery life isn't as long as my old one, but still it's good for about a week. So much easier to send text message, I love it. Camera cannot zoom in when taking photo, but again considering the price, pretty good quality photo, you can zoom in to see the photos taken.

When I tried to activate I was told it didn't work in my area, they would send me a replacement.The replacement had less features, and when I called to get problem fixed I was put on hold over and over.They will not stand behind product. Don't buy you will just be throwing your money away.

Overall a good little phone for what it is.  I am not real thrilled with the keyboard though.  Seem to often hit the wrong keys.  Good thing I am not a big texter!

This phone really gets the job done, especially texting, I'm happy I bought it. I would buy this phone again.

I like the phone but I hate tracfone.  I had tracfone for many years never had a problem.  When I went to transfer my nunber from old phone to new phone they lost my number.  After 6 hours on the phone and 3 sim cards later I gave up and took the second new number they gave me and vowed to never use tracfone again.  Their CS sucks. I am so mad about losing my old number and spending 6 hour on the phone with nothing to show for it.  I'm going to use my minutes up and move to another company.  Now one of these reviews (that I can't find) said that there was 3G wifi on this phone so I thought I could use free wifi and it doesn't work. Does anyone know how to do this?  Good Luck!

The phone itself is pretty feature rich for such a cheap item. It's light and small, perfect for my pocket. I'm a young guy that just doesn't need a high end phone (rather spend the money elsewhere). That being said the service is always outstanding. I've been using Tracfone/Net 10 for about seven years now. They keep bringing in better phones. If you are in the market for a smart phone they've got those as well. The keypad on this particular LG can be a little cramped for me (27 yr old guy). Aside from that, its a good cheap phone with great service.

I always liked my lg500 phone, so I got this one as a  replacement. This phone has a quality feel, and lots of features. It reminds me most of the lg900 a net10 phone that is not available in a tracfone version.  It is app-able, meaning it will run small java apps. Note: (Running small java apps does not make this a smart phone.)  I have downloaded free ebooks in the Qioo format. (They will self-install when you open them.) You can get free Qioo ebooks at numerous web sites.It has all the features of my old phone with an improved display. I like the qwerty keyboard and it works fine for texting. I was able to transfer my contacts via bluetooth to this phone. That saves a lot of work! All in all a very nice phone & at a great price too!My phone uses the AT&T; network via tracfone. How do you tell?...Go to the pre-paid menu & scroll down & view the SIM number...the second set of numbers will be...141...if it's AT&T; or...126...if your phone uses the T-Mobile network.

Having been a Tracfone user for many years, that was the only type I considered.  I found this phone met all the requirements I have.  I wanted a qwerty keyboard that was easy to use, and I found that here.  The phone holds a charge very well and I don't find many areas where service isn't available.  I travel a lot and need to be in contact with my family at home, and this phone does the job.  I'm a texter, and this phone does that very easily.  All in all, I would highly recommend this phone.

I don't think I've ever given anything one star before, but this phone deserves it.  It gets very hot when you talk on it for more than 5 min.  Also, I can't get service at my house or at work.  I don't understand it. I thought tracfone was able to use the cellphone towers of any provider. I never had any problems with reception with my previous provider, so I know there is a tower near my house. Anyway, I went with tracfone because I don't use my phone all that much and I thought I'd save some money by not having to pay a monthly fee. But the phone doesn't do me any good if I can't ever use it, so I'm going back to my old carrier. Guess I wasted my money.  :(

I really do like this phone but thought it was more of a smart phone than it is, but that's ok. This is more for facebook and sites like that but I really like the triple minutes

So far , so good. Got it for my husband. It works in places where the others didn't before, but it falls apart very easily when he drops it , often, so be aware.

I *mostly* like it. It's not as stupid as the phones I've previously owned, but not nearly as smart as the popular bigbar camera viewscreen phones. The price is good, the texting is very good, and (I was surprised by this because I don't remember reading about this in other reviews) the speakerphone is excellent. The coverage is fine in well-covered areas, but I'm not sure I'd expect too much in rural areas. On a recent Canada trip I had no signal until I got back to the States; I'm not sure why this was, perhaps I was supposed to change some setting ... all I know is that my old Verizon phone gave me great coverage *everywhere*. I don't regret purchasing this product because I'm saving money and getting good use out of it.Update #1: Last night I pulled my phone out of its pouch and found it had been online by itself. I *think* this occurred because I placed it into my pocket before the screen locked. This phone (imo) too easily connects to the web. If you hit the right dash button you'll be connected to the Web whether you want to or not. This *could* be fixed with a simple: "Are you sure you want to connect to browser?" After all, they already have the question: "Are you sure you want to exit browser?" Seems to be a setup for customer frustration. But there is a fix: stare at your phone until you are sure the screen has locked before you put it away (but not while driving nor performing circus acts).Update #2: LOTS of dropped calls (I'm not used-to that w/Verizon) either due to the device or Tracphone, I don't know. Tried to use Facebook on the 530's browser and could not enter my username and password; the five-way controller allowed me to click on the correct field, but I was unable to enter any text -- what good is a ding-dang browser if you can't enter text in some of the text fields?? I still give it two stars because the basic texting is reliable; also, I was able to send a photo via Gmail to desktop computer the other day.

The phone stopped working after approx. 2 weeks.  I call tracfone and they advised that it was defective and would have to be replaced

I have used this several times for 2 weeks.PROS- easy to use- keyboard is always there and always QWERTY unlike some virtual keyboard touch phonesCONS- keyboard numbers and letters are too small to see and touch even though I have small fingers- vibration alert is not strong enough

Very pleased with this phone.  It was easy to transfer my number and airtime from my old phone.  No problem adding contact info.  Musch easier to text and receive text.

I ordered this tracfone, the pouch case, the combo charger and 1 year of service.  Everything came as indicated and was delivered on time.  This works great for my wife and myself because we are seniors and do not need a cell phone for entertainment, etc. every minute of the day like many of my younger friends.  The annual cost compared to my privious carrier save me about $350 per year.  A great value at a great price

I received the phone on Tuesday and charged it. It was supposed to be for my mother. I waited several days until I had the time to activate it. It wouldn't even turn on. I tried charging it again and still no luck. I spent time on the phone with tech support removing the battery and trying to turn it on, still nothing. I bought the phone to give to my mother and cancel her cell contract with another provider to save her some money. Now I have to wait to receive another phone. I hope I have better luck with this one.

The LG 530G is a great phone that provides everything you need if you just want a cell phone for calling and texting people. Moreover, I have been using this phone for over a year now (one year and two months) so far, and it has been working just as well as the first time I used it. Although, I have dropped the cell phone a few times, the phone didn't get damaged internally at all (there's not even any visible scratches or cracks on my LG 530G, which is in some ways impressive. So, my phone still looks new). Here are some of the pros and cons I have found that the LG 530G has:Triple Minutes For Life- Quality 5/5 (this means that the cell phone is already equip with triple minutes that you never have to buy separately to get it, which is great. For example, let say you buy the 60 minutes card, and use it, you will get 180 minutes b/c of the triple minutes, so you're actually getting 120 minutes extra for free, as well as saving $30 since a 120 minute card cost $30)Long Battery Life- Quality 5/5 (This is one of my main reasons why I decide to wait for over a year before giving this great cell phone a review just to see how long the battery life can still last. Anyway, since I had the phone, the battery life can still last for ten days straight if you don't use it much, but it will last for around six to eight days if you use it for a while. In addition, if you use the phone quite a lot, it can still last for three to five days. You can talk to a person for about 3.8 hours, which is pretty decent. Additionally, I personally have talked with two of my friends at the same time for over an  hour in one day, and the battery still last for about four to six days, which is pretty good. You can text for a while too, which I personally text three different people for over an hour in one day, and my phone still last for a few more days. Furthermore, I let my LG 530G charge for at least four and a half hours before I stop charging it, rather than just for an hour and a half to two hours only. So, 4:30 hours to 5:00 hours is good enough to let the phone last for ten days if you don't use it or barely use it, or to last as long as I have said already if you use it quite a bit or quite a lot. I have been doing this for over a year, and my phone can still last for ten days if I barely used it or don't use it at all. Also, you don't have to let the phone die before charging it, so you can start charging the phone when it has only one bar of energy left, or no bar of energy left. Also, when the cell phone shows no bar of energy, it will start making a sound to let you know that you really need to start charging it. Overall, the LG 530 G has a great battery life)Signal- Quality 4/5 (Where I live, the signal for my LG 530G is pretty damn good b/c I always have signal where I go, which is nice since I can call and text people or people can call or text me with no problems. Even during Sandy, I still had signal, while my dad's iPhone that used Sprint service didn't. Although, in some trains I have been in I got no signal. However, the reason why I don't give a perfect score for signal quality is b/c I know there are cities outside of the state I live in where I wouldn't get good signal, but that's why you have to check if you can get good signal where you live by either going to the Tracfone website which provides you that feature, or asking somebody who uses cell phones from Tracfone how well the signal work in their area)Complete QWERTY Keyboard- Quality 4/5 (If you're like me, and you text often or when you need to, then a QWERTY keyboard might be very useful for you. Personally, I enjoy the QWERTY keyboard that the LG 530G has because for me it is comfortable, and way better to have it for texting than to have to press each button a few times before getting the letter you want like the Motorola W175. Plus, the QWERTY Keyboard is pretty much like a normal keyboard, which is nice. In addition, if you want to text numbers, just press the FN button first b/c then the cell phone will allow you to text numbers or symbols such as lines and the question mark, which is cool. If you want to capitalize letters, press the up arrow key that is located under letter z or at the bottom row of the QWERTY keyboard. Additionally, the space bar is also located at the bottom row of the QWERTY keyboard, or located below the letters v and b. However, some people with big hands have complained that the QWERTY keyboard is too small for them, but that is something you will have to find out for yourself. One thing I would say that is bad about the QWERTY keyboard is that if you press the backspace button for too long, it will erase your whole text. So, please don't hold the backspace button for too long if you don't want to erase your whole text, instead just press it once at a time to erase what you want to delete. The good thing is that you can go back to a word that you want to erase, and then delete it using the backspace button. Overall, THE QWERTY keyboard is nice, even though sometimes you may press the wrong button, but it is not a big deal for the most part)Internet- Quality 2/5 (You can use the internet, which is a nice option to have. Although, there's no wireless connection to find internet, so you have to use the internet of the phone at home. Personally, I don't use the LG 530G internet because it is somewhat slow and uses too much of your minutes. Still, it could be useful for sending quick emails. Also, If you accidentally click on the Browser, quickly press the End button so that you don't waste any of your minutes)Up to 1000 Contacts- Quality 5/5 (Yes, you can have up to 1000 contacts, but let's be honest, who really knows 1000 people? Facebook doesn't count, unless you know those people personally)1.3 MP Camera/Video Recorder- Quality 2.5/5 (The LG 530G has a surprisingly decent camera for a phone that was most likely never meant to have one in the first place. Although, the pictures won't look as good or big as the ones from iPhone or Android, the picture quality still looks pretty decent. Video recording is not bad either for this phone, but again, don't expect much)SMS and MMS Picture Messaging- Quality 2.5/5 (You can send text with pictures, but this feature is ok. Still, good option to have if you need to send quick pictures to someone. However, sending texts with pictures may use more minutes than average, so be careful)MP3 Player- Quality 3/5 (The MP3 player is not bad for this phone, but don't think it will be great either. Still, you can buy a memory card up to 32GB, so you can listen to quite a lot of music. Although, the earphones or headphones you can use are limited. If you want to buy the USB Data cable, which you need to transfer music from your computer to your cell phone, here's the link for itFor TracFone LG 530g Premium Case + Car Charger Adapter + USB Data Cable)Hands-Free Speaker- Quality 4/5 (Speaker works well and is easy to use. It is also surprisingly loud, which makes things easier when you're trying to listen to what someone is saying to you)Calling- Quality 4/5 (When you talk to someone, they will be able to hear you really well, which is important. Furthermore, you can hear people really well too when they're speaking to you. Overall, the calling quality of this cell phone is pretty good)Bluetooth Wireless Technology- Quality 3/5 (For things such as downloading music it is decent, but not for finding internet when you're outside of your home. Overall, it works well for its purpose)Voicemail, Call Waiting, and Caller ID- Quality 4/5 (Voice mail works well, but you have to hold the number one button or letter w to hear your voice mail. To delete it, press 7. Call Waiting works well too, as well as Caller ID. However, Caller ID will only show names of the people that are in your contacts, and only numbers of people that aren't in your contacts)Voice/Sound Recorder- Quality 2.5/5 (It is a decent feature, not the best, but works well for this type of cell phone)Alarm Clock 5/5 (Pretty loud, especially when you have max volume. So, if you use cell phones as your alarm clock, this one should work well for you)Includes Battery, Charger, Activation Card, Services Guide and User Manual- Quality 4/5  (So, you don't have to buy a charger or battery, which is nice. Some Android chargers do work for this phone though since I have an android charger as a backup that works for this phone, which used to be owned by somebody else. However, I don't know which Android chargers work for this phone b/c I don't know which Android the other person used to have)Auto Key Lock- Quality 4/5 (I love this feature b/c it works really well, especially if you have your cell phone in your pocket. To use this feature, just go to Settings, then click Phone Settings, after that Click Auto Key Lock. You can choose to have it wait for 5, 15, 30, and 45 seconds before the auto key lock goes to function. I personally choose 45 seconds. If you want to use your phone and need to unlock it, just press the Top row button first, which is a line, and then the right button, which is another line. The top left button on the top row is above the camera calendar button, while the top right button on the top row is above the camera button. It is very use to unlock the cell phone yourself, but usually it doesn't unlock itself. For that to happen, both the top left and right buttons need to be pressed hard enough at the right moment to unlock the phone, so it usually never happens unless you do it yourself)Set Hotkeys- Quality 5/5 (Certain keys you can have as the main ones, which is nice. The square button or the middle button that is in the middle or about the middle of the buttons such as calendar, camera, Send, etc, is what you use to go to your hotkeys. So, to set it up, go to Settings, Phone Settings,  and then Set Hotkeys. Personally, I have the up key as my alarm, the down key as my contacts, the left key as create message, and right key as music player)Durability- Quality 3/5 (The LG 530G is surprisingly durable b/c as I stated before, I have dropped it several times already, and it still works fine. I don't have any hard cover to protect my phone either, yet it can still take hits quite well. The LG 530G is definitely more durable than the average Android or iPhone)In conclusion, these are all the main pros and cons I have found that the LG 530G has. Moreover, this is a great cell phone from Tracfone b/c it provides the features that a person who uses a cell phone for calling and texting (and not for gaming) would like to have or need (which is why I recommend the LG 530G for those kind of people). Overall, I give the LG 530G a 5/5 in terms of cell phone quality as a cell phone from Tracfone, while a 4/5 in terms of quality as a cell phone itself.

There were a few quirks that a person technologically challenged person would require some assistance from a person who is a whiz at this sort of thing.  Works very well and reception is better than my old tracfone, which was the primary reason for purchasing it.

I have read reviews posted and I am just like some of them.  I too had an LG800G and had the problem with texting.  I found that using a stylus or other device was the way for me to go.  It took a long time to send.  This QWERTY keyboard has larger pads than the LG500G I use to have and is a lot easier to use.  I too can text again.  The phone also has a simpler menu and easier access to email as well.  I do not play games on my phone.  I do that at home.  I really do like this phone and highly recommend it.  I am having issues also finding a protective skin for it.

very easy to use  app ready  im really a cell phone idiot an was very simple for me first time on any phone i could charge it an  start using  its not one of the fancy phones but for someone who just wants to talk an use a few apps or download music  its great

I like this phone very well.  It does everything I need it to.  I only wish it had come with the extras that this type of phone used to come with, such as the car charger, micro sd card, usb cable, etc...which you need to use all of the phones features.  I have to try to find these items separately.  Works fine though otherwise.  I bought it so that I could text more easily than from my old basic tracfone.  Also I like the camera feature.  So often I see something that I want to take a picture of when I don't have my camera.  I studied the features out carefully before buying, and I think I got a good deal through Amazon.

I have two, this 530 and an 840 touchscreen.  Thisone is more simple, for my wife who doesn't like touchscreens.

Buttons are too small for my big fingers.  Also since it uses AT&T;, I get a very weak signal in my house and miss calls.When in a stronger signal area it works fine.

its a phone. It makes calls and texts. Keyboard is good and seems sturdy. One drop and the screen chipped. Get a screen protector on ASAP. Its thin and light so if you just need a phone its definitley with the price

I purchased this phone from Radio Shack to replace my old LG 420G to use with Safelink Wireless.This is a major upgrade to the previous phone as I do a lot of texting.ProsExcellent Battery LifeQWERTY KeyboardSimple Web BrowsingEase of UseConsNot able to make my songs into personal ringtonesKeyboard (But I have large hands)Web Browser

I bought this phone and am overall very pleased with it.  It is easy to use and very clear (voice). It is thin and lightweight.  So far, Tracfone has been a good thing for us.

best tracfone I have ever had. soo easy to text and program. I am so so glad I bought it!

I'm a tracfone user and this phone is great for texting and calling. I've downloaded the facebook app. It's nothing like a higher end smart phone, but it been great for me.

This phone replaced my wife's flip phone. She loves it because it is easy to use and she can now text.

Edit 4: Feb 20, 2014.  I re-read everything below.  Tried Master-CLEAR.  (Unlock code default is '0000').  (Why didn't the c.s. reps suggest that this time?  I'd misremembered having to reprogram for this problem.  The reprograms were only on initial activation.)  Text is now WORKING!  I did not lose my contacts because I'd moved them to my SIM card.  I did not lose the music on my SD memory card.  I will keep this phone and buy more service!Edit 3: Jan 2014.  Phone started off in the morning with all battery bars.  Used it very little during the day.  Lost one, two, three bars & mid-evening, it shut itself off.  When I recharged it and turned it on, sure enough, not able to receive texts and (if the same as last times) not notified of voicemails.  Since I'm 'old', I don't use the texing much anyway.  I really appreciate the thin form factor, might just keep it as a phone rather than buying a more-expensive (and not always less troublesome) name-brand smartphone service.  (Later:)  Spent a few hours on web chat and on voice (through a landline).  After numerous 'master reset' and 'send yourself a text', it still does not work.  Their answer:  'Your phone is bad.  It is past the one year warranty so you have to buy a new one.'  Difficulty understanding tech support person's heavily-accented English, had to guess about 1/2 the content of the conversation.  'Deceptive' because when it was in warranty, they refused to exchange it, giving half-a**ed workarounds.  Then, when it was out of warranty, they told me to buy another & refused to provide even the half-a**ed workaround.Edit 2:  Mid-June 2013, still working about 4 months into activation.  I never shut it off & maybe this helps it stay working.  Nice little phone, like the size & features.  Wish the ringer was a little louder but it's tolerable.Edit ('The morning after'):  I'll withhold full negative judgement if this, the 3rd reprogramming of the phone in the month since activation, fixes it for a long time.  I've spent more hours trying to fix this phone than hours using it.Original ('D*** you, Tracfone!'):  Tracfone LG 530G. Had to reprogram twice during & shortly after activation.  If this was the only problem, I'd give it five stars.  I like the ergonomics & size.  Internet access really guzzles minutes, but I knew that from other review, so, four stars then; this is not the phone or service to get if you want to surf the web.However, a week or so after activating, not sure exactly when, the phone stopped receiving text messages & voicemail notifications.  Cannot get texts, can get voicemail but only if I call & check manually. After several sessions stretching over days and totalling hours of time spent with the rep and working with the phone, Tracfone representative states it's a problem with the particular phone model. The fix is, when noticing that texts are not received, to master-clear the phone. This fixes the texts problem (temporarily I'm advised) but loses all my data including contacts.  Unacceptable in two ways: (1) losing texts and voicemail without knowing it and (2) losing all data including contact list when it's reset.  Tracfone says it will not refund the phone (since I bought it from the Amazon seller and more than 30 days ago) or refund my airtime (since I bought it more than 30 days ago). So, I have a phone that periodically fails to receive texts and then loses all my contacts, can't be fixed and can't be refunded or exchanged. Unacceptable. The phone and service has a one-year warranty I'm told, but it's only good for 30 days. I will continue trying to get this fixed or refunded. Can't belive I spent all this money and got a piece of junk that they won't take back. At this time it appears I will have to get a different phone and different service if I want something that works right.

Bought this so I wouldn't have to carry a phone and  an  mp3 player around with me.I am not disappointed in it.

As with all 3ple minute deals, you will probably need to buy service time. Unless you talk or text extremely your time will run out first. Still cheap as dirt and a good quality phone.

I love this phone but the service is unacceptable.For the second time I talked to a Tracfone  Rep. and explained to them that it can take anywhere from a few minutes to 8 or more hours to receive a text and that is not an exaggeration. The Rep explained that it is the fault of the phones that are texting me........nothing wrong with the Tracfone.Tracfone is one of the cheapest services but waiting for hours for texts makes no sense.

My husband and I decided to get away from our smart phones to save money.  It seemed crazy to spend so much money per month. I decided to try this phone as it had a keyboard that would make texting easier.  The quality of the phone is okay - you can tell it isn't as high a quality as something you would purchase while under a contract with a cell provider.I haven't had any problems with reception or sending/receiving calls.I notice when texting that when I type in a letter or space it will duplicate.  This in inconvenient of always having to correct.If you are looking for a phone for talking and texting, this one does work well.  I would purchase again.
