
I love the phone have not had any problems, it does like to be shut off about once a week or gets really slow, but that is pretty standard for any type of computer including smart phones.  I have had to remove the battery once in about a years time to get it to restart, not bad.  There is very little system memory so you have to be sparse in what apps you add, unfortunately there doesn't seem to be many apps out there that let you move them to internal memory or sd card.  If it weren't for the very low system memory, I would give it 5 stars.

My first smart phone and its more than i expected.instantly watch youtube,stream videos,music,play games,download,and a lot more.i was iffy about touch screen texting(i wanted the actual keypad) but its actually really easy and responsive.i got mine at walmart for 79$ and my wife wanted to see why i was on it all the time.long story short...i ordered her the white one so i can have my phone back.you can do anything a pc can do.plus more (phone features).it hasn't dropped any calls, decent camera, good video quality,comfortable and solid build.i would def recomend to anyone.i have mine thru net10 btw.if u have any questions u can email me at thadoctas@gmail.com. this gets 5 Out of 5!!!

I love this phone as it is my first android. It was on sale when I purchased it so the price was terrific. It's easy to use and does all the things I need it for.

My 1st smart phone. We were content with our $30/month plans with plenty of minutes. But wife's Samsung had the weirdest problems that would be too much of a hassle for Tracfone/Straight Talk to ever reconcile. Saw this phone for $80 in a store. At $65 on Amazon made it even better. For only $15 more each/month (family auto enroll plan gives discounts) we have unlimited everything on ATT network (via Net10) with some great apps.Phone is so easy to use. Never thought I would like a touch screen with my larger hands, but this one is great. On the smaller side than most smartphones... something I like. Fits easily in any pocket.My deciding factor in my frugal perspective was Google Nav. It has far exceeded what I hoped for in a Nav. Loved my Garmin, but always froze, screen would stay black, car charger mount connection broke... And so many units have so many complaints still. Google Nav is amazing.Just to have this phone with wifi only and no service is great! Apps still work,Only complaint: memory. Androids have a system memory that limits how much you can add to it. There is plenty of Internal memory, but apps still take up the System Memory which is only about 160MB which I have almost used up. The Internal Memory of 1GB still has about 700MB left, but it doesn't matter. My 4GB external memory SD card that came with it is near empty. There simply is absolutely no way to store your apps on the SD card.But the phone is only $80 retail. If you need more memory for Apps, you probably want a more expensive phone anyway.So Tracfone/Net10/Straight Talk (all under Tracfone, yet different divisions) can provide you with ATT/TMobile/Verizon/Sprint service so cheap, they outsource. That is the biggest complaint IF a problem occurs. It is a pain. But my patience and frugality has helped me overcome that barrier to enjoy great cell service at a much better value.

I want return, it is not a good choice. Don't buy it, it is not good ,buy some phone else

Bought this phone for wife for Christmas we are not real big on all the tec stuff so this phone was a big surprise for us . It worked great for awhile but noow with only 35 contacts it says memory is used up but the phone says it has all kinds of memory left can not text at all any more. We had a samsung slider non android pryor to this and it worked every where and text anytime and any where it is a great phone for a oldy non android phone

it's a decent phone....I don't have much more than the basic apps on it...I really like the optimus that ha sboth the touchscreen and the slider keyboard-but they couldn't activate it where I am at....this phone is pretty good though

My first smartphone ever and so far I love it. I love the looks, the functions and everything. Internet is fast and service is great as well! Definitely worth it for $65 and if you're buying a smartphone for the first time.

I tested the smartphone for very specific purpose: to see if it can help people with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (ME/CFS) or Fibromyalgia manage their health and improve their life (as I describe in this article on Health Rising: [...]Overall, I'm thrilled with how well this smartphone works to complete the basic tasks I tested it for. The following tasks worked well on it:* journaling using AK Notepad together with Google Speech recognition* taking notes with Evernote,* making calls using Skype over Wi-Fi // Update: After using this phone some more, I had to realize that sometimes, when too many other apps are loaded, Skype doesn't work properly on this phone. Make sure that all other apps are closed when you try using skype on this device.* tracking one's sleep with Sleep as Android* track one's heart rate with the Endomondo app and the Zephyr HxM Bluetooth Wireless Heart Rate Sensor, an android-compatible heart-rate monitor.This said, there are also many thinks this phone can't do. I'm not holding this against it, as the phone does the things I asked of it really well. I still think you should know about the things it can't do, in case your budget is not as tight and you might want to have a phone that excells at everything.* The screen is probably the phone's weakest point. To read comfortably the journal entries in my AK Notepad app, I had to increase the font size. This was okay for what I wanted to do, but would definitely be a problem if you want to use the phone as a reading device. Also, the screen was not good enough to really enjoy watching YouTube videos.* The phone comes without a headset, so I recommend that you buy- this $5 headset (Samsung Ehs44Assbe 3.5Mm Stereo Earbud Headset With Answer Button High Performance) and- this headset clip (Bose SIE2 Sport Headphones Clothing Clip - Dark Gray), to really enjoy listening to audiobooks or music on it.* The system memory of the device was full once I had installed all the application needed for managing chronic fatigue syndrome and fibromyalgia. If you need the smartphone for purposes other than managing your health, the limited system memory will likely become a problem.Therefore, if you have sufficient funds , which many people with ME/CFS and Fibromyalgia don't, you might want to look into buying a brand-new smart phone that does not have these limitations. For example, you might want to look into the Samsung Galaxy S4, or as a happy medium, a second-hand Samsung galaxy S2. To to safely purchase a secondhand device, you might want to try doing it through the online service swappa.In summary, I will still rate this smart phone five stars, because it does the job I need it for really well: it provides all the functionality someone with chronic fatigue syndrome or fibromyalgia needs to manage their health and life, and it does so at an incredibly affordable price.

The phone was good. A little small but pretty decent size. It slowed down when I downloaded the Pinger talk and text app and later the app didn't work at all. If you don't download too many apps this would be a decent phone for you.

I bought this phone for my dad and it seems to work great!  I would recomend this phone. However, you can not get a plan cheaper than $50  with net 10 though for smart phone

This is not a prepaid phone it is a scam. I am so pissed I wasted my money on this piece of trash. I bought the phone thinking I'd have a smart phone that I could use with a prepaid plan. I have used Net10 in the past, I generally buy the $60 for X amount of minutes for X months because I don't need a monthly plan. Isn't the entire advertisement no monthly plan? But no - if you buy this phone you can only use it if you purchase the $40 monthly plan. So I'd have a monthly bill. How is that prepaid? I hope I can return it.Even if you do want a monthly bill don't buy this phone. The main feature I wanted from this phone was music but the volume on it SUCKS. Sure if I'm in a quiet room with no sound I can hear my music but I better not try to listen to music while I'm outside around other people otherwise I hear nothing.

Just stopped working after a couple months use. Thing was a nuisance having to renew it each month anyway on exactly the same day. Obviously not customer oriented!

So far this is a very good cellphone,but not best,but I will upgrade soon,in about 3 to 6 months or sooner

Awesome phone...best cellphone I've ever owned...Does what an android phone is suppose to do...just place your order your gonna dig this cellphone...and the price I paid $59 dollars you can't beat it.

My wife ordered this phone in a package deal from HSN to replace the worst phone in the world, a Samsung t528g. The LG is a good smartphone and plan for people who aren't bleeding edge early adopters.  The price is right and the phone is a quality piece of equipment.PROS:  Touch screen is nice, the equivalent of my wife's iPod. Very easy to use. The screen resolution is good, but not a super high resolution whatever display.  It does very well for everyday use, though, and is nice and bright. It holds signal well, audio is clear, storage is expandable with a card slot. It comes with a lot of apps by default, including Google Play. It is great for texting, talking and looking up the occasional web site.  It is sleek and compact, and looks much more expensive than it is. Net10's fifty dollar plan (forty five if you register a credit card and auto-pay) is unbeatable for those who would use large amounts of data. As I understand it, if you add another phone on the same Net10 account, you can get an additional five dollar discount per month. Plus, coverage seems to be darn near everywhere. It certainly doesn't look like a prepaid phone, and nothing about it indicates that it is.CONS: Camera is so-so; in good light it takes good pictures, but sometimes indoors, the pics are a little grainy. A flash would help. Video is the same...good enough for documentation purposes and clear enough to watch without irritation, but definitely not HD. Data seems a little slow; as I understand, this phone runs on Edge service, which isn't the fastest.  But, non-power users probably won't worry too much. Also, this phone will ONLY work with unlimited plans...after she got it, my wife decided it might be overkill, but she can't downgrade to the 750 minute plan without also switching phones. Make sure you really need unlimited everything before you take the plunge.CONCLUSION: I haven't bought a bad LG phone yet, and I've had several...in fact, I just ordered another LG phone (not the 35g) for myself.

Purchased the phone for my fifteen-year-old son for Christmas. He is quite happy with the features and capabilities of the phone, so therefore, so am I!

Some of the reviews on here make me laugh. I'm a PR student in my senior year and I am one of the few that have a pre-paid android in a sea of expensive iPhone contracts. I often use my phone for in-class assignments and looking up contacts via Google. First of all, this phone is a mini computer, therefore you must treat it as one. Go through and clear your old emails, cache and browsing cookies. It frees up a good amount of space and you will hardly see the "phone storage low" message. Second of all, battery life runs low if you keep your phone connected to wifi constantly. TURN IT OFF WHEN NOT IN USE! It takes all of two seconds to turn wireless on and off. Third of all, for the price I can not complain much about the only decent camera and resolution. In auditoriums, I get faster service than my fellow PR students with iPhones! The only thing I will agree with most is the out of country tech support. Speak slowly and clearly. Even if you're upset, try to keep your tone happy, they aren't robots!

I bought two of these for my son and daughter-in-law.  My son's works good, but my daughter-in-laws' is not as good.  But it was a cheap android phone.  They are ok for the money.

I ordered this phone thinking it was a Prepaid phone (As it says in the Listing) only to look at the plans and only to find out that it ISNT. Prepaid phone = Pay-as-you go. But this phone isnt.Very misleading title.

That's a perfect phone for people like me who like their phones to be phones plus very little things more :-) It's a little slow at times, but otherwise it's great, battery is doing very well, the android behaves very well too. I like it. :-)

Bought this phone for the unlimited data. said so on the box. Only to find out later that after 1.5g of data use they will cut you off. Does not have a data counterso how will you know if your close to cutoff. Net10 techs are crap. Alot of recordings. Not  much help

It wont work for Kindle. What use is a phone if you can't use the Kindle App on it. If your like me and enjoy reading while waiting in lines at the store or for an appointment, this phone wont work.

My first &#34;smartphone&#34;.  A definite upgrade over the old flip-phone I had.  Main reason for upgrading was that I do a decent bit of texting and I needed something with a keyboard as the old &#34;morse code&#34; way was was getting really old!Uses an older version of Android and a lower-resolution screen and it shows.  Rather limited in memory which limits how many apps you can install.  Kind of slow at times too.  Gets weird occasionally where I will click on someone's name in my call log to call them back and the phone dials someone completely else instead...happens with text conversations sometimes too.My biggest gripe with this phone is the camera.  It is pretty much useless.  You can forget about indoor shots.  There is no flash and worst of all there is no way to focus!  You're at the mercy of whatever part of the scene the camera thinks it should focus on.  3 Megapixels would be fine with me, but the poor sensor, no flash and lack of focus options make the camera just about useless.

I got 2 of these for my teenage daughters and they love them! They do everything their friends IPhones do at much less the cost! Of coarse you have to watch how many apps you download or you will need to get the larger 32mb memory card. BTW-this Net10 phone pulls off the At&t towers so you get great reception WHEREVER you are! There is only one con about this gem of a phone and that is the camera is horrid! Can only take pics outside or in extremely well lit areas indoors. Pics are dark and grainy. I really wish they would have put a better camera in. Also just to note there is no front facing camera.

phone is great i just dont have good serives where i live. is easy to use really liked features on phone

The phone is functional. I think I expected more. It has its glitches and I am still working through them. It's a good starter android; however I look forward to upgrading in the near future.

i would recommend this phone to anyone. i got it for my son and he loves it. i have used it a few times and i think its great.

i recieved the phone pretty fast,it doesnt hold alot of apps and is a little slow starting up but otherwise a pretty good phone for the money...i can use wifi from my home and get online without having a 50$ unlimited card and it works great that way i havent had the money yet to get the card so im stuck with just wifi..this type phone is only for 50$ unlimited cards and is no contract MEANING you pay 50 bucks for your card a month or if you dont have the money for your card NO WORRIES cuz you pay the 50 bucks when you can,i will say net10 service SUCKS MONKEY BALLS and for the life of you,you will never get anyone that speaks english but its all what you pay for a phone,i will say so far i bought this phone from this amazon site and so far it has been great for me but if you wants alot of apps and are contintly using up storage then no this isnt the phone for you,there are alot of app already on this phone that i have yet to find out how to delete because i would never use them but this phone is pretty standard for teens,the elderly or someone that just wants to surf the internet,

loved  this  phone so much  i actually  bought a second one .. very user  friendly  for the first time android user .

NO CONTRACT AND I AM IN CONTROL! CALL ANYWHERE IN THE USA AND TALK AS LONG AS YOU WANT! EVERYTHING WORKS GREAT! WHAT MORE DO YOU NEED? BETTER THAN A CONTRACT PHONE FOR ME BECAUSE I AM SEARCHING THE NET ANYTIME ON THE ROAD AND AT HOME WITH THIS LITTLE JEWEL.NO DROP OUT ON PHONE OR NET,AND NET10 WON'T CUT YOU OFF IF YOU FORGET TO PAY. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!

Easy to use and great price for the phone and plan $50.00 a month unlimited text and talk. Very pleased

Love it!

This phone is not activated, yet.  I am using only on internet and not as a phone.  Battery life is excellent.  I allowed it to charge fully, before first use. Set up was simple and my home wireless was quickly found.  Afterwards, I watched a music video on YouTube via home wireless.  While the screen is small, it is clear and sound is good, too.When a person activates the phone with Net10  the sim card runs on AT&T.;  But I am not using it as a cell phone, so I can't address that issue.  I do not require another cell phone, and read reviews of people unhappy with customer service.  All I needed was to use it on wireless for the internet searches.I am very happy with this device and enjoy my late Christmas gift.  I have used it for about two months.  I am a new android user and both touch screen and typing work well.  Mistakes are easily corrected. This is considered by some to be an entry level device.  I used a more advanced Samsung phone and internet that took hours for me to type one simple message.  Not so, with this phone.

so i bought this phone for $40.00 bucks at walmart by strait talk, and poeple at strait talk lie, so i called them and set my phone up/ account... and i ask them after my 3 months was up if my phone would shut down they said yes, never did? and then on top of that when i setup my account i did put my code in ahead of time and walmart told my i had to buy the month card to get my phone to run but before i didnt turn my phone on and later when i did it never ask me for any code? but if you do have to have to put in the code before then my bad but i dont know if net10 runs it the same way so.............................. but the phone itself works good it has some flaws here and there the music/ speakers is good, camera isnt the best 3.0 mega pixel, youtube work great. but the flaws is the memory you only get a little over 40MB of use, witch isnt to good. and net10 users do get lied to a little it cant play all the good game one to much memory space for the game or the phone just cant handle it because you only got 2.3 so the stuff like gta or modern comat are to high of an update to play it. you can play a good amount of the highend 3D games but you would have to do androids virsion of jailbreak so you can store them on the sd card... plus i dont get why they counldnt make it like that in the first place? if your looking for a phone that can do ok well sure if your picky about apps on memory space then no dont buy it. im hoping on buy the lg optimus extreme its the same thang but it has a 4inch screen, 4.0 ice cream sandwich/update,5 mega pixel camera, it looks like this one the same design just a bit bigger, so yeah a lot of words and side tracking but anyways thank you. AND ALSO FOR THE GAMES I SHOULD STATE THAT DONT BE WORRY'D I MADE IT SOUND LIKE YOU ALMOST CANT PLAY ANY OF THE GAME ITS ONLY MAYBE LIKE 100 OUT OF 100,000[EXAMPLE].

Bought this phone at walmart black friday. THOUGHT IT WAS OK BUT MEMORY W FACEBOOK. & PANDORA. APP KEEPS MEMORY FULL....SUCKS...CANT EVEN LOAD GAMES. CANT TRANSFER INTERNAL MEMORY TO SD CARD.WENT TO WALMART THEY TRIED BUT FAILED TOO...TIME TO BUY ANOTHER !!!!

I was putting off this review because I had held out hope that this phone wouldn't be utter junk. I thought that maybe the other reviewers had just gotten a lemon, but this phone is worse than a lemon.My dad's old flip phone bit the bullet, so we thought that he should upgrade to a smart phone. We didn't want to have to sign up for those expensive contracts, and couldn't afford to buy a $400-$600 phone. I had found this one, and it seemed to be the cheapest phone I could find that still let you download and use apps. He didn't need it for much. The Net10 deal we got with buying it really made it worth it. He could get unlimited talk, text, and data for $50 dollars a month, and they knocked $5 off (for something I forget.) Each added line would only be $45, too. This was so much cheaper than the plans you see where you're tethered to a certain carrier. Too bad the deal was wasted on this piece of crap phone.When he had first activated it, everything was fine and dandy. But as he started using it more and more, the stupid thing kept acting up. It wouldn't turn on quite a few times, and I had to remove the battery for it to work again. Now, when it turns on all the apps that he downloaded don't show up. We can't even access the settings in order to delete anything in the hopes that that would fix it. It did this before, but eventually the apps came back. I've turned this thing off and on and removed the battery a million times and still nothing.As for memory, this phone has jack. You read the specs and see that it comes with a 4gig SD card and you think &#34;Oh that's a lot of memory! That's probably all I'll need!&#34; Wrong. The phone's internal memory only has like 200mb on it, and you have to go through that in order to move anything from the internal memory to the SD card. So you're well out of luck if your memory is full and you want to add something straight to the SD card. If you can even move any of the app's data to the external memory in the first place. It doesn't help that Google has to include all of this bloatware wank that you probably don't need, and absolutely bars you from deleting it (Google Books, Google Music, Google Bullcrap). I'm so close to hooking the phone up to the computer and just deleting this junk manually. That would probably lock the phone up, but it's not like this phone is anymore useful in its current state.If I had the ability to give this review a negative amount of stars, believe me I would. I have it on the charger now, but I'm so fed up with it that I want to throw it out the damn window and take a flamethrower to it. That, or slam dunk it into the trash where it belongs. I'm never buying from here again. I might as well just take my money and put it in the garbage disposal.

My preferred phone. It performs to my needs and has all the required functions I want. to all the haters it isn't a iphone or galaxy so shut it. :P

Shipping took forever. Ordered it Wednesday, and it came next Thursday but that was the sellers/carriers fault. The phone itself is good. Although it could use a bigger screen and larger internal storage. The system memory is rather limited IMHO because it's only 160MB. 3G on it is fast, loads youtube seamlessly when their is a good connection. Also can connect to wifi  if that is available. Now one thing, don't buy the 750 minutes for 25$, it will not work. Instead, get the $50 Unlimited text, data, talk. And buy a case for this, it's so cheap and allows for one to drop it without breaking it. I know this because I tried it. Any questions, I'm only an email away.

PHONE DO NOT WORK AT ALL. NO CALLS, WEB OR ANYTHING MOST OF THE TIME. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE AT ALL.

For the price you are getting a very good little phone that will do most anything an average user needs a smart phone to do.  Check email, check Facebook, maybe even watch YouTube.  However, if you are looking for a processing beast with HD display, I encourage you to spend a little more and get something better.  You can definitely tell that LG saved a few bucks by going cheap on the screen.  But then again this phone is very much entry level, for someone who maybe is not to concerned about that.  The screen quality is VGA at best, very grainy and the colors look somewhat washed out at times.

I was skeptical purchasing this phone in a Walmart store a week ago as it is also available with my provider Straight Talk. When I bought it I lucked out as it was on sale at a special promotional price of 39.88!!  I couldn't believe it,  the listed retail price is 89.99 on Straight Talk's website! It has the look, feel and performance of an Android 2.3 that you would think costs well over 100.00.  It streams youtube, tune-in and iheart radio flawlessly (never buffers)!  Battery life is much stronger then other android phones I have owned and it charges fast too. The one drawback to this phone is the camera is not the greatest sharpness but that is no huge deal with me. This phone is still somewhat new so accessories take quite a bit of looking around to find but they are out there (amazon).  Bottom line....  this is the cheapest android phone I have ever purchased and it has performed the best and seems to have the best quality compared to more expensive Straight Talk android phones I owned in the past that ended up disappointing me.  Buy one now!!  It is a smart buy!

The LG L35G (Optimus Logic) is a good smartphone for anyone who is seeking basic service, but if you plan on downloading multiple apps, keep looking. Since this Android phone comes pre-installed with Google's proprietary apps, there is little room/memory to add any more -- maybe 3-4. The system memory is only 157MB and the internal memory is 1 GB. All apps will store in system memory and only a few have the option to move to internal memory, none of the pre-installed apps have that option nor the option to remove, so it is already bloated.Be aware that even with the external SD slot with the option to 'expand memory' to 32GB, that a microSD card is only good for storing pictures, audio (USB storage) -- you cannot store or move apps to it.The phone has served me well for the basic functions, but I constantly am removing updates (when I switch on wireless, those apps seem to immediately jump into update mode) and forcing stop and clearing the cache on those Google apps I don't use to free up some memory.

I bought this phone for my 14 yr old son and he really likes it. Pretty descent for a smartphone.

The only thing it does not have is a way to block unwanted calls. But, guess what! There is an app for that! Big surprise. I really do love the phone though.

i have a question....if i order this phone will it come with a sim card or will it juat come as a phone

for my first smart phone I love it. I am not one to play games on it but love that i can listen to Pandora. I can watch youtube videos and have great service where others around me can't get any. Texting is very easy to do and for the most part operating the phone is very easy. I tried several phones before settleing on this one. Can down load lots of ringtones for free as of now the only thing I guess I could complain of is that I can't down load scramble with friends or draw with friends which alot of family have but that doesn't entirely bother me as I don't really have time for that. I have down loaded some games for my Grandson to keep occuipied when we are out and he is happy with them such as the talking animal ones and angry birds. I would not recommed to people who are looking for a phone to play alot of games on. But if you like to listen to music or look up things online it is fast and easy to text and overall setup. I have this phone thru Straight talk, operates thru AT&T

I was excited about this phone after reading the great reviews on it.  I haven't had it a full 6 weeks and am already experiencing problems.  This phone was supposed to be an upgrade. HA!!!  What a disappointment!So far I've had to take the battery out 7 times in the past week for it to turn on.  I can take the battery out full and slip it back in and it shows half power left. It's frustrating.  The only good thing about this phone is the ability it HAD for me to watch youtube movies and videos without it freezing up.  Now, it'll get through more than half of a youtube movie and BOOM, the big freeze, take battery out, and reboot.UPDATE :I'm still not happy with this phone .  A lot of youtbe videos sho w up as "unsupported". That means I can't watch them.  The MP3. player is ridiculous._Try getting your music to loop and play randomly . It's not gonna happen for you. The volume sucks.. Is anybody else as disgusted with this phone as. I am?  I really feel ripped off. Oh and forget loading more than 3 applications . My phone always shows "storage space is low" with only 4 applications . Yes, 4!!!UPDATE:Okay, so previously I was complaining about the app situation.  I resolved that problem on my own and was able to load about 12 apps.  Try getting a straight answer from net10 Tech Support.  I dare you.Now here's another bag of horrors to report.  For three days I could not get network connection.  Yes, I allowed it to go on for 3 days.  Why?  I've given net10 Tech Support far too many hours of my life already and was trying to wait it out.  Finally after 3 days, I had to bite the bullet and call.  I broke out in a cold sweat and my stomach started churning as I gingerly tapped each number.  Guess what, the first woman I attempted communication with (she spoke broken English) had me completely erase the phone and return to factory default.  Still didn't work and the witch hung up on me. 3 1/2 hours and 8 calls later, problem still unresolved.  Needless to say, I am LIVID.  I'm out the cost of the phone, frustrated, ticked off beyond my comprehension, angry enough to Three Stooges slap every Tech at net10...exhausted...you name it!!!  I'm there!!! I'm FED UP WITH THESE INCOMPETENT CLOWNS that ALL SPEAK BROKEN ENGLISH and are of NO HELP AT ALL!!!  I'm switching to another service.  Any other service will do.  I'll even pay more money per month just NOT TO BE IRRITATED BY NON-ENGLISH SPEAKING KNUCKLEHEADS...okay, I gotta let it go...whew! Oh, and do you think they're going to re-imburse me for the time my phone did not/does not work...hehehe...silly you...silly me...silly AMERICAN!!!If I could give this piece of garbage NO STARS I would do it in a heartbeat.  I hate this phone.  I feel even more ripped off than ever before. Net10 should be ashamed of themselves for selling this piece of garbage and their pitiful, ridiculous, disgusting, customer service!!!  I wish I were in the Broadcasting field, I'd blast them them with a cannon!!!  Can you feel my anger?

Phone is okay, but too frustrating with almost zero memory.  I only downloaded 4 apps and it is so full they can't even update.  There is no way to utilize the SD card to take up the memory shortage.  I have tried to work through the memory issues for months and have now decided to buy a new phone.  This is NOT a Net10 issue and we are happy with our other Net10 phones.

GREAT PHONE, JUST THE WRONG MODEL WITH THE WRONG FEATURES THEN THE PHONE THAT I ORDERED.SINCERELY,MS. CINDY REYNOLDS-DALTON

we got this for my fatherit has very clear screen its loud enugh he can hear it at work an he's a mechanicall in all its a very good little phone heck i even like it and im a iPhone junkie ^_^

This review has nothing to do with the actual phone, its the coverage issue that was a major problem. I called net10 and confirmed with the rep that this phone would work on Verizon towers. That was a big lie, this phone didn't work at all on Verizon in my area.  Phone was shipped back to amazon with no problems.

I'm very happy with this snappy little guy. The phone has some great features:- small form factor- fast user interface- rock-solid bluetooth- a REAL GPS chip built into the phonewith built-in Google maps and navigation- loud ringers you can actually hear- very good battery life- simple power management icons- up to 5 screens of appsTwo more excellent features I want to comment further on. First, is the VOICE features of the phone. Voice dials work flawlessly for dialing contacts, and the built-in Google voice search feature lets you SAY what you want to find in Google and then the browser comes up with the search results without you typing a thing. But the coolest and most useful feature is the ability to SPEAK to create the contents of text messages just by pressing the microphone button on the pop-up (soft) keyboard when you're creating a text message. That feature alone has saved me HOURS of needless typing and correcting and Googles voice engine translates almost perfectly.The other great feature is how well the Bluetooth (BT) works. Unlike many previous phones with Bluetooth, this phone works flawlessly with my VW infotainment system. I stream Pandora radio over BT without issues, the phone directory loads almost instantly when the connection is made, and it disconnects instantly when I disconnect a call from my entertainment console.Now some things that could be better:- the built-in speakerphone is fairly quiet- the soft keyboard clicks when you type it(though I finally found where you can turn that off thankfully)I bought the GSM version of the LG L35G to use on Net 10. It wound up being assigned to the AT&T; network which I'm happy with (and was glad it wasn't assigned to "Too-slowbile"). I get unlimited voice/text/data (3G) for only forty five bucks a month. Pretty happy with that...

Bought this at Walmart with Straight Talk service for 39,95 on Black Friday.  Phone worked okay for about 2 months. Then the display starting shutting off randomly while calls were coming in. It also started randomly redialing numbers that I had just been connected to after I hung up. This phone also has a keypad which does not  have letters on it, only numbers. So if you are connected to one of those company or business personnel directories where you  have to dial a few letters of somebody's name to be connected to them, you're out of luck unless you want to try to quickly remember which letters are associated with which numbers from memory. I'm going to try and return this thing.

Seen some negative comments about this phone.  What do you want for the price?  It does everything I want a smart phone to do and more.  I can't spending $300 to have the latest gadget.  NET10 service is fine too.

$50 unlimited Net10 card, two weeks in I've exceeded the data LIMIT.  No movies, pretty much a little Pandora.  Net10 lies and is very poor value for this phone.  The phone itself was at times very touchy (screen), sometimes the opposite.

This is truely the Best Inexpensive Android phone on the Market.  I had a Nokia E5 and my son got me The LG Optimus Logic for Christmas.  It does what an inexpensive phone does and does it well.  It has a small internal memory size though and at first this was a problem but "MY" solution was simply to download, read the simple instructions and use the following apps - It will take care of it:1.  App 2 SD2.  SanDisk Memory Zone.I have 9 apps plus the default apps loaded on my LG Optimus Logic with no problems.PicayuneMan

I choose this rating because the cell phone is locked when it said that it was unlocked you have lied to me and it is very upsetting.

it's ain't no iPhone, but I'm happy with it so far. Good reception, sound could be louder when using the Pandora app, but an external speaker solved that problem.

This smart phone has surpassed all my expectations, I love it.  It is very user friendly.  I love that you can put a photo to the numbers you call and can put them on 1 of 5 homepages for quick access to dial.  The screen is a nice size.  The price of $45 (for auto pay) a month or $50 (for card) a month is well worth the buy!  I have since cancelled my Verizon land line.  I wish I had bought this unlimited service sooner.  I have had Net10 for years, but this is the best phone and deal I have used.
