
Very glitchy and slow, it makes calls on it's own, freezes constantly and wont restart at times...not very good ..

I really like this phone, it is really great for the price. I love how the texture feels. I used to have the tmobile dart before and I didn't like that it felt like it was made with cheap plastic but the feel and look of the concord is awesome. looks and feels like a contract phone you would purchase at t mobile except it can be prepaid. The touch screen is very nice and the screen is soo much bigger then the dart witch I really like. You can connect to wifi and do a lot of nice things with it. I am very impressed with this phone.

I have this phone, but have any of you figured out how to turn the camera around so that you can take selfies lol

there were these two digital lines in the notification bar area that stayed on whenever the screen was turned on, ohter than that slight discrepancy it was what i had expected

If your looking for a basic android phone with wifi, this one is for you. It looks very sleek and not bulky

Quick DeliveryPretty good quality.. like new.. minor scratches.. no scratches or cracks on screen at all. minor scratches on outer surface and back of phone.Will recommend and purchase from in the future.My parents love the phone.

I needed to buy a new phone after having a Samsung for three years. I must admit though that it takes getting used to because its fully touch screen. This phone is great, not a ton of money and walks you through the set up. Best of all, it has WiFi that you can connect to your internet and used it indefinitely without getting slapped with data charges, however if you use it for a long time it will drain your battery so if you're not using the WiFi, turn it off. Overall the T-Mobile Concord Phone is  wonderful!!!!

I really am pleased with my phone.  I don't know all it can do yet, but it is soooooo much better than the one I had.

Don't know if it's the phone or the service, but the phone shuts itself off and it is sometimes difficult to get it to accept the pass code when it is turned back on.

This phone is great for a first starter smartphone. It has 2.3.7 Android software. It has a 2.0 megapixel camera. it is all right. My mom got this phone from Walmart. and i say wow this phone is awesome so far. i love most of the features. i would recommend this phone to people who are looking for a affordable phone and a first time smartphone.

Good for a simple smart phone.

I have had this phone for 6 months and hate it! It restarts itself randomly and at the worst time! Usually when I am in the middle of texting and even a few times when I was making a phone call!!! Do not buy this phone. The savings for the pre-paid plan is NOT worth the hassle!There is crappy memory on it! I can only have about a dozen very small sized apps. Even with a large sd card it runs everything on the phone memory so if it is full it runs really slow and is a snail when it restarts! Have to use an app killer just to keep it at a normal functioning speed.And if that's not enough for you, the email options stink! When I delete an email, I have to then go to my trash folder and delete it again from there!!! And trust me there is NO way to change that. Not an option anywhere!

ADDING AN UPDATE TO THIS REVIEW. When I was finally able to sign with verizon, I called the carrier (family mobile)and had a 90.00 credit, I called them every month for 3 months and each time got "CARLOS" and each time the amount was reduced, until finally THEY SAID I OWED THEM $ 7.00, PLEASE DON'T DEAL WITH FAMILY MOBILE.MY ORIGINAL PHONE REVIEW:I've had this phone along with the Samsung dart, for about three months. I know, I know, how stupid am I to keep this POS after no service, no help, and at least 25+ minutes once a week MINIMUM trying to get it to work properly.Now I have billing problem, I've tried to change my service 3 times in the last 3 months to get a lower bill, and it doesn't get changed. My last call today they said my PRE- PAID PHONE IS A POST -PAY ACCOUNT so now I have to pay 98.00 instead of the 60 something I've been trying to activate since about the SECOND WEEK!!Now the final straw. I have learned a few words of Spanish and I know I have a terrible accent, so I don't care if another person has an accent. But the person I talked to today had an accent so thick I COULD NOT UNDERSTAND A WORD HE SAID.I can't wait until I have saved enough money to say GOODBYE TO SAMSUNG AND GOODBYE TO T-MOBILE.

The phone is reliable. The camera has some delay, but it works! Good quality mobile phone with a great price.

i like the phone it what i wanted for my birthday thank you so much it work good hope it will last

I love it. It is good. It is protecting my smartphone. Its color matches with the color of smartphone.It is easy to handle.

Speaker is terrible voice sounds muffled, memory is very limited so you will not be able to get alot of apps even if you expand the memory because most apps can not be moved over.  I wouldnt buy again...

Not bad for the price. Good as a low-end smart phone. However, there's no way to upgrade the Android OS, and this one freezes every once in a while. The only way to reboot it is to remove the battery. Other than that, it works pretty well. Battery lasts about 2 days (on and off usage), so about right for a low-end phone.

Changing my review from 4star to two. It used to be $50 or so, I accidentally soaked the phone, and tried so re-buy, but it was $67 so borderline worth it, since I had a case and battery, then they cancelled my order and upped the price to 80. Forget this.Performance and battery life are good, and it performs as expected, with the exception of the glitch mentioned below.There was a 4gig micro sd card in mine, though I suspect that varies by the seller you get it from, since that isn't listed as a part of the deal.  I got it from shopcelldeals. Web browsing and memory intensive apps are a little bit slow, but for $50 it's perfect for occasional use. If you are going to be using apps or internet all the time, you should invest the extra money in something faster, but this is perfect for looking things up on the go. It can be tough to select links in small font when browsing, but that may be correctable by changing zoom or using a stylus. Try to write your apps to the  micro SD card to save processing space, and you really should have a micro SD card to make up for the minimal memory capacity. I was reluctant to leave my physical qwerty keyboard, but the swipe to text keyboard is faster once you get used to it, but you do need to proofread for typos when it occasionally guesses wrong. Camera, voice recorder, microphone, and touchscreen perform well with no issues except the two glitches.Glitches: I've heard that it will freeze up or shut off when the memory capabilities are overloaded, though I haven't experienced that, and it is apparently fixed by using an SD card for the majority of the storage. However, the touchscreen has completely failed to respond on three or so times in the 6 weeks I've had it, so I was unable to select the power down option, and had to pull the battery. It restarted and worked fine. I am using a screen protector, but I don't think that made a difference in responsiveness. *Edit, it consistently required pulling the battery at least once a week because the touch screen stopped working, and I don't think it was a memory space issueI'm using this case, and it was unaffected after falling ~5 feet onto hardwood floors, though the phone is inexpensive enough that a nice case may be unneccesary. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00B4R5EW2/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1

No front camera and late updatesNew apps are never on there.Terrible sound and cameraWorst phone since flip phonesDo not buy!

I bought this phone for my dad and had it unlocked so he can use it all over the world now that he's retired. I got exactly what I was looking for: relatively large screen, small form factor, big keyboard, great phone quality, and excellent battery. He charged it a few days ago and the battery has enough juice to go for another couple days. This is with data and location services turned off as he doesn't need or want those.So, if you're looking for the most basic phone for calling/sms while having the option to turn on data, this is the cheapest and best headset for you.

Perfect for my family!  We only use the internet occassionally, but we do text continuously.  I downloaded alot of pics from my sd card onto the phone and it slowed it down a little, but doesn't bother me. I am now trying to delete the pics that I don't really need.  As usual, super speedy delivery!

THIS WAS FOR MY SISTER AND SHE LOVED IT, IT IS PRETTY FAST AND HARD TO BRAKE, SMALL BUT GOOD

Absolutely the worst phone ive ever used.  I got this phone free after rebate.  Well, I did have to pay 3 dollars in sales taxes.But, this phone isn't even worth the 3 bucks!!  This phone starting acting up immediately.  It would lock up.  The only way to reset it was removing the battery.  After a couple months people started to complain about echoes in the background.  The dialer is terrible.Its not very precise.  Half the number I call turn out wrong.  The caller log wont log calls by date, day and exact time.  Avoid this phone.  Its too outdated anyway

This is a great phone for the price.  This is my first smart phone.  Previously I had a Samsung slider.  The Concord has better voice clarity and greater antenna sensitivity leading to fewer dropped calls.  One of the best features for me was the ability to simply remove my old sim card from my Samsung phone and pop it into this phone.  I have two concerns.  When the phone is set to vibrate it does so with too short a duration and too little vibration.  I have missed quite a few texts.  The other concern is that the calendar does not come with sufficient reminder options for me.  That was easily remedied with a great app called CalendarSnooze.  If you are looking to test out the waters in the smart phone world, this is a good phone to start with.

Phone works pretty well. Occasionally will lock up. All in all, worth the price. We-Fi works very well. Good start into the smart phone world but you do not need a data plan if you have wifi access.

Phone often goes haywire execution many programs all of a sudden, also the touch screen wont work in some areas like &#34;previous&#34; and number 1 3 6 and texting off the screen sucks!

I bought this phone for my boyfriend after his previous phone, of the same make and model, was stolen right out of our house. This phone works great and gets the job done, but has a lot of little problems. It freeze up a lot and decides that it wants to call the same person a hundred times when he has only pressed the call button once. Other than the few minor issues, it is a great, reliable phone.

For a first time smartphone is ok for texting and phone. The camera would not work without purchasing a micro SDcard which cost $17.00. So far, I like the phone.

This phone, could not be any crappier - there's better words to use for just how crappy this phone is, but i'll just keep it toned down.This phone was bad, right off the bat. I only got it because my previous phone was dying and this one was really cheap. It has so many problems, and i dont understand how a phone could have so many PROBLEMS.It turns itself off, and on, once its back on you get NO SERVICE EMERGENCY CALLS ONLY. So you have to turn it off and on again. At some point, the lock button doesn't turn the screen on, the only solution is to either wait it out, or take out the battery. because really - what if it was an emergency? another thing is that the gps is really, completely, dumb. either it can't find your current location. or its up and running BUT it thinks you're somewhere else. which is completely unhelpful. Another thing is that the apps continuously crash on this thing. Oh, and another thing is that it somehow manages to use up its internal memory? i dont understand? i dont really have anything in this phone, and i clear it regular and yet....it tells me its low on space? oh and the camera sucks.just, save yourself the trouble and frustration, and invest in something better. Ive had this thing for like 6 months, and those 6 months have SUCKED.

This was my first smartphone, and it worked okay for a while, but it developed problems. This phone was pretty simple (nice), but it only lasted 9 months before problems started popping up. It quit recharging the phone battery, it would phantom dial some of my contacts, and it locked up at least 3 times a month (requiring me to remove battery & restart the phone). I also have a friend that owns a Concord, and his issues with it is the dialing of contacts and restarting the phone often. I now have a Lumia 521, which is just fabulous, and I wish I would have spent the $140 for the Lumia 521 at the time (when I bought the Concord) rather than saving money and spending $99 to get the Concord. If you buy the Concord, know that unfortunately you will be buying a new phone in less than a year.

My son loved it. I will purchase again. I also recommend this products, because it came it great shape, thanks.

My daughter is simple and small. It's her birthday and she choose a little reasonable phone at a decent price. She's in love with her new present.

I purchased this phone when my original Tmobile phone broke, I was looking for a phone that would still fit in with my phone plan, but didn't cost very much. So, when I found the Concord, I was thrilled. A very good buy, I've had this phone for about a week and haven't had problems with it.A great deal!**UPDATE - OCT. 29, 2013**Although this phone is still really great for the price, I do have to mention that after a month or two after use, the phone started shutting off periodically on it's own. Which is rather aggravating. It doesn't happen too terribly often, but on days that I use my phone more, I do notice the shut down seems to occur more often.  Other than that, battery life is still amazing, great call reception, etc.

I had some conplications with my cellphone arriving but the seller was quick to contact me and we both fixed the problem ASAp "very impressive custermer serves" i well repost later once i get my cellphone"

Bought for my 12 yr. old grandaughter,she was about to turn 13, has been a very good phone ,reliable and sturdy , and for the price unbeatable,she also uses it like she would her android pad,well made and alot more portable than her pad,netflix,youtube,games,ect. all work fine on it,what more can you ask,and at under $70.00 on Amazon ,quick shipping and free to boot,not bad not bad at all,thanks,m.m.

I bought this from Amazon to replace my existing phone which was the same brand & model. It arrived when expected to & performs as well as my previous phone which I only replaced because the screen on older phone got cracked up(still works, just harder to see the display). My only real problem with this phone is the volume(or should I say lack of!). Kind of hard to hear people & the phone ring. Other than that, it's great. The wifi feature is very convenient, saving me using my internet on my cell plan. I don't need more than phone, internet, messaging & a couple of games, this phone is perfect for me.

I went from a Samsung Galaxy to this phone. Not quite as sleek, but it does the job just fine. fits nicely in you hand and it comes with all the bells and whistle that are Android. I am more than happy with this phone.

I hate this phone because it doesn't work. It keeps on restarting all the times. It was a huge mistake of buying this item.

Love the phone but I forgot to purchase a SD card. Will buy one soon. Arrived in a timely manner. Very pleased with the phone.

This phone has every function imaginable! No longer need my computer! Keyboard is small and super sensative but workable. Very pleased with this phone. G. Quinones....

Phone seemed ok,switched on etc,screens up.but during my learning stage it kept ringing and giving message warnings for no reason also in stores would beep in electrical depts.!

This phone works great along with all features, if you have the service for each option on the phone. Has everything I need to get the basis job done for a phone, they say it is just a basic phone but it serves the purpose in which it is intended.  I love it, may not be for everyone but it works like a charm for me, all the options work and serves the purpose of a cell phone.P. Green in TX

I would recommend it.It is an android.The internal memory is not great.The updates use up the internal memoryThe mini sd card allows for expansion.Great phone.

First never been an android fan so that is where the first star went off. Second I had this phone for three months and the battery in the phone will not work anymore. For the first time with an android it took three months for it to turn me away for good!

I've had the phone for about a month, and like it,  but it's not dependable. The on/off button doesn't work all the time. Pressing it numerous times doesn't help, either. It may turn on later, and may not.  I like some of the features, but the instability of being active has made me decide to look for another phone. If there were an emergency, and I'd need to call 911, and couldn't get it to turn on, it would be bad.

Within about 45 days of purchase, one of the android buttons at the bottom would not light in the dark like the other 3.  The manufacturer was helpful, and identified it as defective, but said I had to go through TMobile to get it repaired under warranty.  This took multiple contacts with TMobile who wanted me to talk to everyone else but themselves.  Also had requested an unlock code at this point which met their requirements.  They said it would wouldn't be an issue getting a replacement unlock code.  Just like the warranty, getting a replacement code was a hassle.  Contrary to my understanding from multiple chats with a supervisor and agents, Tmobile imposed new time constraints because they replaced the original new handset with a refurbished one with what appeared to be an older serial number.  They repeatedly failed to issue one the unlock code.  When I finally did get a code - it appeared to be for a different IMEI number - but they said it was basically the same as my number and would still work.  I still can't unlock the phone.  Possibly the refurb they sent me was no good as well.Another seeming defect:  On all three of these that I own for my family, sometimes the unit will not respond to the touch screen (you can't unlock the screen by pressing the circle ... nothing happens).  FIX: the only way I found to fix this is to remove the battery, because the power button won't function either - so no orderly shutdown - just pull the battery, wait, and reinsert it, then turn it on and wait for boot again. Meanwhile, hope you weren't expecting an important call.Save yourself some time, and skip Tmobile branded phones.  On 2 out of 3 Tmobile branded phone models I have owned over the years (multiple units of each model), there were problems with the units and I was not treated to the best customer service.

The phone seemed a great buy when I needed to replace my bf's broken blackberry.  We are using it with a simple mobile sim card, which is a T-Mobile owned company.  At first, the phone seemed pretty decent and a good buy.  I believe it's been a little over a month (I bought it for his birthday) and the phone screen actually turns black when he receives or makes a call; not being able to hang up, switch screens, go home, send a msg, NOTHING!!!  In fact, we have to take out the battery just to end a call, and reboot the phone all over, ONLY for it happen all over again the next time he gets or makes another call.  At this point I doubt Amazon would honor any type of reimbursement, but it was a real waste of money.  It's just not functional this way.  I am a faithful amazon customer and am extremely disappointed with this product.

This phone is extremely glitchy, self-turns off, has barely any space for any downloads (up to 4 apps if you're lucky) and all the new apps have issues adjusting to the phone quality, the unlock button sometimes works and does not work, the camera is horrible, when calling someone the phone randomly puts them on hold for some odd reason, the internet browser gets messed up when the cache gets full and you have to constantly clear its data (like that for many apps). I have had this phone for 20 months now and it has been the real struggle to not throw this thing against a wall and then set it on fire. I am rewarding myself with an iPhone 5c later this month and I plan on destroying this device from hell with a sledgehammer. It doesn't even deserve 1 star, that's what you would call generosity.

Just what we were looking for in an intro smartphone. Easy to use and nice display. We should buy another to have on hand just in case!

I had many phones in the past and found this smart phone is great ,it has everything that i wanted in a phone ,i give it five stars..

Tried for three days and phone froze up after installing any apps. Returned to Amazon for a full refund. Would not recommend unless you don't plan to use any of the smart phone features.

Phone is great for my 10 year old. But the screen does freeze a lot and we have to restart it to make it unfrozen, but other then that I think it is really good for a kids phone.

to start off.. I had my j2me phone stolen, but I was already unhappy with it, the carrier usc told me I could use it as a usb modem however provided no tech support to do so... I already have 2 droid tablets, that with some tweaking are my favorite goto devices.. I know what I want my phone to do, and the features that I will need in the near future and this phone covered all the bases, it's only 3g but so far it handles audio and video great and now that tethering isn't treated like a dark horse, it has the function built right in.. no funky apps to get around carrier blocks...though I might see if one works for the counter.... the current plan used is 500mb a month/ unlimited [its gets throttled back after that point]... I was astounded that the GPS was as accurate as it is, and in the car I can tether the Gps to my larger tablet for the chores on the road...On board storage is lousy, but with some tweaking one can get apps moved to the extsd... This phone, the right apps and its a handy lil thing to have around...

I have replaced my phone now 3 times and it still does not work correctly, I am now reviewing other phones for me to purchase as I am not on a contract at all. The phone keeps going to silent mode with out me setting it, people tell me I am talking like I am underwater, drops calls, internet connection is awful.This was a Christmas gift to me from my partner. T-Mobile as replaced it three times works for less than a week start having the same problems allover again, it does not support a lot of applications, and you have to keep resetting the phone with technical support.

I bought this phone for my mother and son less than a year ago. Both have complained that the phone randomly turns off, sometime it will ring other times it wont. The sound and display sucks. It doesn't take good pictures. When it turns off it takes several attempts to get it back on. I originally bought it because of the price and the fact that it was an android phone but it wasn't worth the money. I've already had to buy a new phone for my son.  You get what you pay for I guess.

He had a phone like this one and it broke.  He found this one and we ordered it and it has worked fine.

Sorry for the late review, but I had a death in the family.  We did receive the phone on time and my son is using it with no problems.

Please don't buy this.this got stuck right after the first day.it doesn't let me accept calls or make a call because if gets stuck all the time.

So, originally this phone was my brothers, but he eventually gave this phone to me because he bought an iphone. but i really do love it. it's very responsive and actually very fast. like other reviews, it does not have alot of space internally, but after buying a 6gb sd card i was content. it has a user friendly interface and the phone is a good size in my hand. don't know exactly how resistant it is when dropped since i have not dropped it yet. if you're looking for a great Android phone under 100$ then i really suggest this phone. :)

I purchased this for my 11 year old son who is starting middle school. It's perfect for his needs and it still works!

Edited on 3/10/2014I've had this phone in my possession for a few months now.  I should've edited my review sooner, but better late than never, right?  Here goes:  This phone works okay if you need a replacement smartphone or if you don't plan on doing much, you may as well get a feature phone.  This phone runs out of memory a lot.  All I had to do was install iHeartRadio, Facebook & Dropbox and my phone is already telling me that the internal memory is low.  That's my biggest complaint with the phone.Old ReviewI bought this phone a few days ago because my old phone provider, Virgin Mobile, wasn't good in terms of coverage.  Sure, their pricing was okay, but I could hardly use my internet because I only got 1 bar at home, 3 to 5 in town if I'm lucky.  I was hardly able to use 3G in most places.  There was 3 areas where I could go to use 4G.  In either case of 3G or 4G, internet speeds were subpar at best and ping was a bit high as well.I decided to make the switch to T-Mobile.  I  had them once before, but with an iPhone 3G (at the time, I wasn't able to get 3G yet).  This phone is cheaper and certainly more features than the iPhone 3G.When I bought this phone, I went through the Walmart Family Plan deal.  For those of you wanting to do the same thing, be warned: T-Mobile/Wal-Mart does NOT provide you with a sim card.  You have to pay $25 ON TOP OF the service plan.  I didn't know this before buying the phone.  Even though I can get a discount through my work, I'd rather not pay that much just for a sim card if that's all it is and no credit towards the first month.  However, seeing as this is a T-Mobile phone (Wal-Mart Family Plan is covered by T-Mobile), I was able to get a hold of a temporary T-Mobile sim card and it worked.  I'm glad Wal-Mart decided not to block you from using a regular T-Mobile sim card to get you to use theirs.  I did see T-Mobile sim cards for $10 and that they still have a $30 unlimited text & data (first 5gb's of 4G) with 100 minutes for new activations.Internet:This phone does have 3G (1700/2100 band).  Living in a rural city, I get about 2 or 3mbps download speeds.  I tested this phone in two other cities.  One suburban area gave me about 4 mbps and the other area gave me an average of 5 to 6mbps.  I saw the Ping around 100 to 150MS with a decent signal.  I'm impressed by that for 3g.  I saw upload speeds around 1mbps to 2mbps.  If 3G is that fast, I can only imagine what 4G will be like when I go to upgrade to a 4G phone.  The one thing I did not know is that this phone also has a Mobile HotSpot feature.  That's a cool feature I wasn't expecting.  Last time I remember, it does cost $15 extra per month to use it.  Up to 8 devices can connect to this phone at one time for internet service.If you need to save your battery until you get a hold of a charger, there is an option to enable 2G only.  My speed tests shows I get about 100 to 300 kbps download & upload speeds in 2G mode.  However, 2G doesn't seem to work in some areas.  I went to a supermarket and 2G didn't show up inside or outside the building, leaving me with no internet.  Turning on 3G did the trick, but will burn through data faster if you're not already throttled (aka going over your data limit).Camera:T-Mobile/ZTE advertises that this phone contains a 2MP camera.  That is false information.  After looking in the camera settings, this phone takes 3MP pictures.  The photos come out okay, but I've used worse cameras for pictures.  The shutter is a bit slow, so make sure your target isn't moving until after the picture preview shows, or your subject will come out blurry.  The camera does not include Macro, which means it can't take photos up close (less than 70cm away).  The phone doesn't have flash either.The camera can record videos as well.  Like pictures, it's not the worst quality I've seen.  This phone records at a video resolution of 640x480 at up to 15 frames per second from what I've seen in my tests.  According to the quality setting mode, I can record 30 minutes at high quality or 10 minutes for YouTube.  At high quality, I believe it records at 1.5mbps.Memory:The one thing I highly dislike about this phone is that it has very low internal memory.  About 128mb's I believe.  At least a 4gb memory card was included.  I already ran out of memory once while trying to install an 8mb file, even after moving all the apps I could over to the SD card.  Turns out some apps were taking a lot of memory.I will update more later when I try the other features, such as the mobile hot spot.

I bought this phone a little over 1 month ago, when i send texts it shuts down and goes into safe mode. I just looked to send it back and i missed the return by 3 days.....really....I will be contacting Amazon, as i want a new phone!

The biggest issue that I've encountered has irritated me to no end. Despite having an SD card slot for more data memory it is USELESS. I encountered a storage problem a couple days into using the phone. I kept receiving error message " insufficient memory" on several apps.  I did not even have that many applications (I had 7 to be exact, that I had downloaded).  I decided I just need to get a bigger SD card ( I had a 4 GB) so I bought in a 16 SD so i don't have to worry about storage for a while when it turns out that it doesn't matter if you have a bigger SD card all the app data was going into the internal memory....with no way to redirect it to the SD card.  Not all apps can be redirected to the SD card.  Will return phone to Amazon.  I am still trying to find a good prepaid phone for T-mobile.

It doesn't work anywhere besides the house what kind of cell phone is this more like a (house phone)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Really!

After about one month, since purchase, it started shutting self down - only to restart and have the screen locked at the enter password screen - it would not take any input - only way to get back into phone working was to take apart phone, take out battery, and then restart. Lately it was also started to not be responsive to incoming calls/texts - I thought &#34;well, that's strange for me not to receive calls/text for past 5 hours.&#34;  so I rebooted device, and alas, there were some important phone calls that did not get through.No, it is not TMobile issue, this is a phone issue. I ordered a new phone yesterday. I cannot have a phone that is not reliable and does not give consistent quality of operation.

I like the phone, however there are a lot of apps available in the Google play store for android that are not compatable with the phone

Searched for a while to find open phone. now all the newer ones will come supposedly open per provider. Brought it as a gift, still working.

Just a good basic phone. No bells and whistles but does the job. I wish it had a flash and a front facing camera.

This phone has a habit of  turning itself off and on.  Also forget about sending pictures.  Text with attachment is painfully slow.  Would not buy again.

I have purchased 6 of these phones for my family with another to be gifted tonight. This is a great introduction to Android for someone who wants to step up from "old school". A few of our phones have a data plan but most of us are satisfied with the illusion of a full function smartphone.  Wifi is of course an option for all. Note to Tmobile customers, you will lose the ability to send picture messages if you don't have a data plan unless you turn off wifi and enabling data in settings. We eliminated even the possibility of using data by calling customer service and blocking accidental data transmission.  Problem solved. Back to the phone.  You can't go wrong with this phone.  At this crazy price, it's practically disposable. I would have given it 5 stars except I had to restart it a few times. Maybe a software glitch.

DON'T BUY PHONES FROM WALMART!!! Purchased this phone for around $125 about 6 months ago. Within a week the speaker was blown from normal phone use/alarm clock use. Not used for music play or ever turned on speaker. When trying to exchange the phone was told that I couldn't because I didn't purchase the protection plan. Walmart and T-Mobile didn't even warranty the phone for 30 days. Now I'm forced to spend more money so I can communicate with people by means other than text messaging.

We did activated and use, then we happy about it. Not any complain, We realize the funcion what we expect to do.Thank.

Great i love this phone it works like any other phone the only down side is it doesnt have a front camara but this is the only flah thanks

This phone is VERY basic. It doesn't have a lot of memory and even with a memory card you still can't download most apps or games to the phone. It is a very basic android phone. The battery life is GREAT! Doesn't take long to charge and the charge can hold for days! If you need something that will function and you are short on cash this is a great option. If you are looking for something to play games on and add other apps this is not the phone for you. It is like a touch screen flip phone in my opinion.

everything works perfect if you use facebook, texting, google map, gps, email. regular calls. i don't need those expensive phones. this one has most of the features an expensive phone does. Battery live is pretty good. it even has WiFi.

Liking it more the longer I have it.  Learning what it is capable of and learning to use it efficiently.

First of all let me start by saying that I got  this cell phone for half the price on Amazon, which was awesome. I did not give it 5 stars because it did not come with instructional booklet. Fortunately the cell phone was simple to figure out. And since the cell was unlocked all I had to put was insert my old SIM card.

First, phone is 3G - don't get fooled, it will NOT work on the 4g network.Pluses.  Phone is small, thin and has some usable features at a good price.Negs.  Phone OS is older Android that does NOT connect to a PC.  If you have pics on a PC or in another phone you may have difficulties getting it into this phone.  My PC could not read the drive even after an hour on the phone with India (phone made in China, but the mfg does have a support line with people that have minimal knowledge).  TMobile said they could not transfer either pics or my phone book from a LG phone or a backed up Blackberry Gold.  I have an option to either manually recreate 100 address book entries or get a Blackberry.  Phone OS has no built in help, but I am told by Tmobile that all Androids come without built in help (user manual pretty well stinks when it comes to any data/media importing).Overall, not impressed and the phone as well as tech support at ZTE (phone maker) is not prime time.  Phone did have the basic features, but without being able to transfer my fav pics into phone, let alone my long address book, it simply did not pass muster.You assume these basic needs to be met and description should have noted difficulties with data transfers when you don't do bluetooth or send all your personal info to the great snooper, Google (GMAIL).  Knock yourself out if you don't mind sending your personal stuff to Google, not me.  People should always be able to plug into your PC where your data and media resides and transfer to ANY smartphone  This phone ain't so smart.

I felt I had no need for a smartphone, especially since  I don't do the social media thing and have no need for a hundred apps. I only use a phone for an emergency. However the summary for this phone stated it's ideal for a novice. I decided to try it and I'm happy I did.  The phone manual is easy to follow which made the phone easy to learn how to use.  Only a few apps loaded but has room for a lot more. (doubt I'll do it)  I got it for the GPS and Navigation apps.  Happy I did and it's a great looking phone as well.

I like this product mostly because its price over its feature. Basically, you pay minimum price (fraction compare with iPhone) for virtually all smart phone features, literally all, including GPS, Bluetooth, with all apps included. It came with Android Ginger Bread 2.3.7, with Kernel 2.6.35.7+, with a 4G SD card. It's very likely a unlocked GSM phone, but not verified yet. I'll focus on what are not so perfect for this product.1. Battery life is less than 48 hours with wifi, GPS, Bluetooth, etc all on, talking time very minimum. You need to charge everyday.2. Internal memory is about 150M. Barely enough to update apps included. Most apps can NOT put on SD card. I chose not to update some of the built-in apps so that I can download apps I absolutely need. If you need a lot apps, do NOT buy this phone.3. USB connection have bugs, my Mac can not read with USB connection. Last time I checked, T-mobile says the bug fixed, but I tried update firmware, phone says firmware uptodate, and My Mac still can not read. I have to use my old phone to move data around.Overall, I actually ordered 2 of this phone, and this is 3rd generation smart phone for us.

The phone we ordered worked great for the first 48 hours then it started turning off and would not stay on no matter what we tried. Thats whats great about amazon though- I requested a return and its was so easy to return the product and get my full refund.I would of loved it if it worked- hence the 3 star.

I give 5 stars not because of its capabilities as a smart phone, but lack there of. In the smart phone world this is plain. But I got it for My Mom as Her first smart phone and in that category it is perfect. It has basic smart phone features and easy to use. Great starter phone for people just learning, not so much for people that are experienced users because it lacks features of more advanced smart phones. Great price and easy entry level phone, but make sure to get an SD card because you need it. Really no storage space, but once You pop Your card in, Your good to go.

Its an ok for but you get what you paid for. It glitches a lot and freezes up. The memory is very small but you can just go buy an sd card and fix that problem. If you just need a phone for text, calling, and some basic games its not bad.

First of all, I can confirm all the issues reported with this phone. Very littlle memory, applications that want to auto-update and run out of memory, once in a while it restarts on its own, and the camera is only marginally better than my kids Barbie cam.Here is why I like it anyway:1. It is the dirt-cheapest smart phone on the market, so you can just buy it, no saving for it, no financing it, no 'I had to get a contract cause I needed a new phone'. And if it falls into the lake, you are not out five hundred bucks.2. Since it is so cheap, there is no reason to get yourself into a two-year contract. You can simply shop for the best plan around and change it whenever you want to. No early termination fee either.3. It gets the job done. The most common apps like Google, Email, Facebook, Messages, Gallery, Map, Web Browser, Craigslist, eBay, News, and Online Banking work just fine. Just once in a while, you have to cleanup the data Facebook leaves behind to free up memory.4. Expensive phones are not necessarily better. I have several friends with fancy smart phones that have the same problems that the Concord has. So why pay more?Two must-have extras: An SD memory card for more storage space (apps, pictures). And a silicone protective case, so you can drop it safer.

This was purchased for my 20 year old daughter.  She hasn't complained about it, so I assume it's working for her.

This phone was a replacement after I lost mine in a field. I decided to 'upgrade' from a 4-yo slide phone to a 'smartphone', and I really regret making the switch.This phone has a very small memory space. I had to buy a 32-GB memory card for it, which wasn't a big deal because I bought it with an adaptor so I can use it with my camera. Anyway, this phone was constantly crashing on me towards the end, windows and applications freezing until I had to reboot the thing. Even though I transferred all my data onto the memory card, after 2 games I couldn't download anymore, the camera whining about 'not enough storage space'. I was constantly clearing the cache and uninstalling updates that the phone insisted I needed, despite unchecking the 'automatic update' box in Settings.This phone started off great, but very quickly grew on my nerves until I returned it. Luckily I found my old phone, and now I just use that.

If you dont want to spend a ton of money and still have all the capabilities this is the phone for you. My husband and I both have one and it works great for the basics, email, fbook, downloading apps, etc. The best part is you dont need to take out a morgage to pay for it!

I bought this for my husband as his first smart phone and we've had nothing but problems with it. I wish I had returned it. It is horrible! Would not recommend to my worst enemy!

Just as a phone, not much problem. touch screen is perfect. I dont have data plan and doint use it. so, cant comment on it.  there are some problem that I am living with...but most problem lies with tmobile service. man.. that is terrible. I wish I could spend a little more to be with other service providers.. poor signal in my office and sometimes at my home too. I am ashamed that I live in DC metro..

its working in great condition, more than i expected.it is just awesome. i like to search my stuff for better deals.

It's a regular Android phone, not a cutting edge device but works great and it is special for children that won't take care of more expensive, sophisticated phones. I recommend this phone to anyone, specially for the youngest ones.

Very nice phone for the money.  I've managed with a flip phone until it wore out so I bought this.  I already own an android tablet so this felt very familiar.  It's very usable with more features than I am likely to need.SD storage it comes with is 2GB so I'm likely to buy a larger SD card.  Copied about 1.6 GB music to it, so now the SD card is pretty full.Didn't get a data plan, just need phone and texting.Audio is good+ reception is better than my last phone+ lots of features+ cheap= I'm happy

i will say, this phone is not as nice as my galaxy s4, but, it costs about 10% of the cost of the galaxy s4, and it is still an android phone that is capable of doing most of the same things, i bought it for my secondary phone that i use to help separate my work and personal life. sense it's a secondary phone i didn't want to spend much money, and this seemed to be about the cheapest option i'd found for a smartphone. i also like how much smaller it is than the galaxy. the only issue i have really noticed is that the internal storage is only 150mb so it tends to fill up the app space pretty quickly and somewhat limits the apps that can be installed. i was able to move several of the apps to the sd card and then remove updates from unused factory apps and now have plenty of free space for the apps i wanted to install. it has an older version of android software and does not have a speech to text option on the keyboard, which would be convenient while driving, but, texts and emails can usually wait. the battery life is fairly impressive. the battery easily lasts twice as long as my galaxy s4, which also makes it a great back up for when my galaxy battery dies.

My daughter got this phone for me so I would have a phone the phone doesn't  work all that well, speaker on the phone sounds like Ur on intercom all the time, and turns it's self off when it feels like it, not very reliable if U ask me.

Nice phone for the price. Bought for my eight year old so he keep in contact with family. Very light and very easy to use!DDurable!

Where do I start? Sometimes when you click an app another app will open instead, like the phone is confused. The battery sucks. The camera takes horrible pictures, so bad I don't even know why they put a camera on this thing. Sometimes the screen won't recognize you touching it and won't unlock from the lock screen. You have to remove the battery and it back in to fix this problem.internet NEVER works on this thing and sometimes it just won't pick up a tower signal anywhere and you can't even make calls.  Worst phone I've ever had. 2 stars because at least the thing was durable.

The back of my phone didn't quite fit at the top but that was all fixed with the case I bought for it. Overall I really like this phone. I was able to put in my regular Tmobile phone chip from my last phone and it worked. Fast shipping too didn't have to be without a cell very long. You might want to get a data plan with this phone though or else you'll have all kinds of charges.

on T-mobile.  phone works fine...has a memory card slot so you can put your apps on that instead of eating up the RAM...for unknown reason, SMS messages dont arrive promptly all the time....downloaded a different TXT/SMS app and its working better now

I purchased this phone for my brother at Walmart.  He has T-Mobile service and I knew this phone would work, even though the Walmart folks said it would not.  The phone cost $100 and it runs Android. It does not have a ton of memory but it is responsive.  A 2 gig card was included and many of the apps can be moved on to the card.He checks email, uses only a few apps and texts like crazy.It is difficult to find a smartphone for $100 or less so it is certainly a good value.

I owned this phone for a week, it has a nice size but I had to return it because it randomly rebooted itself.  And that is just not acceptable if you are in the middle of a conversation.  It does not have much memory and a lot of apps cannot be placed on the 4gig sdcard that comes with it so I just could not use it.  I do not know if that is a problem with this particular phone the rebooting but it was a major problem with the one I had.

ive had this phone about 2 months&think; its excellent for the price. as mentioned in other reviews it doesn't have a ton of memory space so they recommended buying a memory card. i haven't bought the card yet bc i can get all the basic apps fb, twitter,email,instagram i believe its a lot of the game apps that a card is needed for. it takes decent photos but camera doesn't turn to face you. its durable. all in all great basic droid for great price.

This phone is a &#34;you get what you pay for deal.&#34; I have never gone above a flip phone until this because I have issues with touch screens (and fat fingers), but that wasn't the issue I had with this phone.Pros: Very comfortable without a caseDownloads apps easilyWorks well for users like myself who just upgradedEasy user interfacePrice is low for Android phoneComes with a 4GB memory cardCamera is decent qualityHas 5 home screens to save shortcutsCons: Gets bulky with any case, and cases are hard to find (I have only found them on Amazon)Touch screen cuts off occasionally (mine and my wife's phone both had this problem), have to take the battery out to restartPhone memory is fairly low, and almost every app has to be loaded to phone before it can be moved to SD cardGets stuck on a tower and has to be restarted to do anything that requires networkFairly flimsy compared to my previous phones; get a shield! You will need it.Will cut off occasionally without warning, but usually only when running memory is too low (this includes in the middle of a call)Have to download an app for a lot of functions (applying mp3's as ringtones, watching movies, etc.)

I would not recommend this phone to anyone because i am not pleased with the phone nor the people i bought it from. The only way  i can hear on it is with a earpeice. I feel i got screwed and my money that was spent was in vain. I do not recommend anyone to buy this phone through amazon

I was uncertain because I have a pay per minute plan because I only use my phone for emergencies but wanted some games and wifi ability for my netflix...Awesome..I can use my netflix at wifi locations,downloaded lots of games from the google store,and it has built in google maps.Tons of great apps on the phone.Wow,It also came with a 4 gig memory card installed (they advertise a 2 gig card)...Very happy,beautiful phone!! Just bought a fitted silicone case for .81 cents on Amazon,lol...

Very sturdy phone.  I dropped it many times with no problems.  For the price, hard to beat for email, internet, etc.

Got my new phone linked to my carrier with no problem. Seems to be a robust unit I ended up ordering another of the se model when my wife seen it. The hard covers will arrive shortly

stops working in a short time, the battery must be taken out, so you can try again to get it to turn on and Not Freeze.

Couldn't get the sticky residue off from the tag. Made the screen look worse. That was from the first one that I tried,maybe another one will work better.

I bought this phone for my sons as an inexpensive add on to my current plan. Kids are just too irresponsible with expensive high dollar phones and some of the cheap pay as you go phones don't even have wifi. This phone was a perfect go between. I have an iPhone 5 and I was jealous that they could download songs for free and I had to pay a dollar and change per. These phones have the newer Android Os 3.2 I beleive which is way more robust and user friendly. I also like how you can use the Google Voice App at home or office and make free wifi calls and free wifi SMS texting. I think I'm going to sell my Iphone 5 and get an Android again. The last time I used Android was with the Motorola Clique on 1.6 and it was horrid. This time, even on this cheaper pay as go phone I'm hooked and going back.

I really did like my phone. This was my first smartphone and it is super easy to understand. It does not have much storage space but when I purchased it a memory card came with it. So here comes the but... MAke SURE THAT YOU BUY A PROTECTIVE COVER AND HAVE A WARRANTY/PROTECTION PLAN. I had my phone in my lap and forgot it was there so when I got out of the car it fell on its back and the screen cracked into little tiny pieces. It didn't even land on the screen! Said all this to say that yeah. It was my fault BUT its really sensitive to falls. My prior phone which fell more than a dozen times has minor bruises but the screen is still in tact. Just something to consider. I have a plan where they will replace the phone for me for free so I am good.

I bought this phone for my mom. Its her first smart phone and I figured that it would be easy to use and it is. However, it keeps popping off and saying emergency service only. I now have to buy her a better phone that we can rely on.

I bought this phone from t mobile at walmart and this phone is great. It is slow sometimes at loading, leading to force close apps, but it's a good enough phone for what it's worth.

ZERO STARS!Like others have said, it turns itself off and on... all the time.When it comes back on, it freezes on the lock screen.The only way to unfreeze it is to take the battery out, put it back in and restart.I have done a lot of research, online, to see if there is a fix for this.There is no fix except to get a new phone.  That's why I'm here today.

great starter touch phone  well worth the moneyI have purchased 5 of these phones for my familyall at a great price

my son loves this phone  and has not have any connecting issues with this phone.  A good price and shipping for the phone

My husband loves his phone he isnt a big phone user so this actually worked for him. It text, calls, and he was able to get on Facebook.

the phone is locked I ordered an unlocked phone but instead got a locked phone.I need my unlocked phone

This is a great little Android. It works just fine.I am using a prepaid plan. When I am home, or near a wifi hotspot, I can connect via wifi and use all the Internet apps with no Internet plan.... and it doesn't count against any minutes. The speed is almost as fast as my desktop home computer.Another review complained about feedback and hearing their own voice. This happens occasionally regardless of what phone or carrier you are using (happened at times when I had Sprint). It's caused by several variables including being in a small room, high barometric pressure, poor signal strength... Bottom line is, it isn't the phone.As far as the other low rating reviews, I'm not experiencing any of the problems I've read in them. This is a fantastic phone at a great price.By the way, the phone comes with a sim card, a 4gb micro sd card (memory), batter, usb cable, and charging cable.

I bought this for my Mom and I can't believe all the options it has. It is only 3G, but I knew this and figured Mom didn't need anything faster. It is well built and loaded with options, very easy to use. It is a marvelous phone for the money!

This is the worst thing i ever had.This ''smartphone'' wannabe turns off and on itself around 70 times a day. There is nothing you can do about it.Is also impossible to transfer pictures or music from your computer to this useless piece of garbage. Since the memory card inside the phone is...LOCKED !The people that did create this garbage should be fired by now, because they have ZERO knowledge about cell phones.Save your money and don't buy this crap. I would rather have cell phone from the 90's then this useless piece of plastic.

My first smartphone. It served me well while I saved up for a Jelly Bean Device. Cell radio started going after eight months, rebooting got the radio working again.

I bought this phone for under 100.00 at WalMart and I got the 2GB sim card which I of course had to pay extra for but it is worth it.  The phone so far to me has not let me down.  With the phone you get the unlimited web, talk, and text for 45.00. What I don't like is the web only has 250 mb of memory and in order to receive more memory you have to pay extra for 1GB which is 10.00/month and for 2GB is 20.00 I believe.  I only have had this phone for a few days and found out with this phone that it needs to be re-booted at least once a day or you will lose your ring tones like I did until I re-booted the phone.  I guess with any electronics you would have to do that.  But the phone is attractive and light make sure you get a case for it, probably for any phone as well to protect your investment. To me the phone is a learning experience with all the bells and whistles since my last phone was a flip phone that really did not have a lot of features.  So if you want a good starter android smartphone, I would recommend this one.

got it looks great started right up great job very pleased with the device thanks again will be looking you guys up more

I purchased this phone as I was leaving Sprint and simply wanted a basic phone to connect to T-Mobile. It's not that bad of a phone for what I was after, but you are going to be disappointed if you are looking for something powerful with a lot of memory.Cons: Not a lot of storage, calls get dropped or fail to connect, phone periodically crashes without warning, camera is low resolution and you won't get good pictures unless you have a good light.Pros: Easy to configure and connect to your Google account, call quality is good, battery lasts for a long time.If you want something cheap that will get you on a network or you want a backup phone, invest in this.

I got this for my girlfriend who dropped her old phone in her coffee and it hit he floor countless times, I got this for her so it would be easier for her to use and without the slider. She loves it and I would recomend this phone to others looking to replace an older phone.

I have the Samsung dart and the concord is definitely an upgrade.  It weights less, it is thinner and has a bigger screen.  It works for me but I usually only check my emails, text about 10 messages a day, and allow my kids to play small time games on it like &#34;unblock&#34;.  Not to sure on the name because they play it not me.

I purchase this phone from Tmobile directly on 3/15/2013 and now is already broken within 9 months.  I can barely hear any voice.  I called Tmobile customer service and they told me there is no warranty on this phone.  Even I choose a basic smart phone not necessary mean I can accept the short life.  Avoid this phone and save your money.

Its a great phone if you want just Meat and Potatoes with a little on the side. Its nothing for people that want tons of apps on it. I use mine for hotspot, call,text and internet. Plus out of 4 other phones ive tried the Tmobile Concord is the only phone ive had service where I live... Great Buy for a Great Phone !

this phone is just a entry level phone. it has no memory pictures are really bad. I totally dislike this phone.

Short and sweet...bought this for my 11 yr old, she doesn't like that there isn't enough memory  to download very many apps, she can only download 4. I know apps come in all sizes, but 4 is ridiculous. Also, when it works it is a good little phone, but it keeps going into this never ending boot loop. It has happened 4 times now. I would not buy this phone again, and I would not recommend it to anyone. Spend a few more bucks and get a good phone.

I really like the speed and display clarity of this phone.  It's quite loud and clear on this end, although the tmobile tech rep seemed to have some trouble hearing me.  The wifi reception seems very good (compared to my blackberry flipphone), but it refused to connect to my dlink access point (which all other phones and computers had no problem connecting to).  It did connect quickly to my Linksys access point.  Without a SIM card, it still surfs the internet just fine.The TMobile tech guy flatly and repeatedly stated that this (and the Comet) is one of the very few &#34;one in a million&#34; android phones that has wifi but is not capable of wifi calling without using something like Google voice.  Once I located the spec sheet that included the wifi calling support detail, I see that it confirms that this phone doesn't have tmobile UMA wifi calling.The amazon description should clearly state this since it does state it has wifi, and virtually all phones with wifi support tmobile wifi calling.I can easily imagine the screen being quite fragile, which is evidenced by all the cracked screen ones that show up on ebay.Overall, a nice inexpensive simple starter smart phone for those who don't want wifi calling (a HUGE benefit of free calling (doesn't even use plan minutes) when traveling overseas) and prefer to put a board to their face instead of a REAL cell phone (flip phone).  &#60;g&#62;  I don't!, but the Blackberry 8220 flipphone drops wifi calls regularly (tried several with different o/s versions) and is much slower navigation and browsing.

I would definitely recommend. This was my first touch screen and definitely serves its purpose. Easy Buy and Great Purchase.

Terrible......don't waste your money.  Everyone tells me I have an echo when I talk OR when they say something to me.  The wifi is so slow that I never use it. Pictures taken indoors are always too dak unless every light in the room is on

Phone locks up when battery drops below half. Only remedy is to physically remove back cover and battery. What a pain. Didn't start happening consistently until Amazon return window was over.It was nice that the phone came with a T-Mobile SIM card and was super easy to get registered on my regular T-Mobile account.

Very cheap smart phone.Can do anything any other smart phone can do such as download apps, gps, wifi, call, text.. etc.

I like some of the features better than my old phone (Samsung Galaxy Exhibit II) and my only complaint is the memory. I can only have about 5 apps at a time. So, come tax season, my Turbotax app takes the place of Twitter. Also, the is only one choice for alarm tone. So, every morning the same irritating noise wakes me up. Other than that, I love it. Does everything I want it to do and nothing I don't.

it works well and is just right for a teenager. no problems no dropped calls and very nice big screen to see.

When I ordered this phone I was skeptic if it would truly work with my current Tmobile SIM card. When the package arrived my skepticism was heightened because it came with a Pay as you go SIM card ready to be activated.I charged it up and put my current SIM card into the phone. The purpose of the phone is simply to replace my Galaxy, which has a cracked screen. I just needed something till my contract runs out in May. Voila! It worked just like I had my original phone, nothing more I had to do except resign into my gmail account.The phone works fine with all the necessary features I need. I don't plan on putting a bunch of apps since it is a temporary replacement, but I can say it does the job and all this using my original plan and SIM card.

Let me begin by addressing some of the concerns some viewers have.  My phone did have the same issue of freezing up and uncontrolled screen lock several times after updates.  It is caused by the internal flash memory.  The phone does have a small amount of internal memory for storage(only 512 MB and about 256 MB user accessible), whenever the internal storage memory has reached its capacity, it will shut off android OS service thus freeze up the phone.  Simply by moving your apps to flash storage card manually or installing few apps will solve this issue.Now as for the phone itself it is a very decent phone for starter.  Its hardware is outdated compared to modern phones, considering it is still running Android 2.x.  The processor is a bit slow and the screen has a rather slow refresh rate and not optimal for video streaming but it still renders very good photos and text.  The phone has an elegant design, along with its rubbery enclosure and small form factor, makes the phone very comfortable to hold.  It's interface is rather primitive and can only be compared to first generation smart phones, but I personally find it simple design less frustrating and rather easy to use.  For the past few months using this phone I was able to get pretty good reception on most of my calls and browsing 3G internet was a but sluggish mainly due to it slow processor and an outdated web browser.  But since I only use it to check news and highlights, it is tolerable.  Let me sum up all the pros and cons below and let you have a better grasps of this phone.ProsElegant design, small form factor, rubbery feel enclosureLong batter life(2-3)days of usage between chargeGood reception for callsGood build quality against dropsReliable3G Enhance speed 7.2 mbpsConsSlow processor, low memory capacity(only 512 MB)Screen could use better viewing angles, its slow refresh rate makes it not optimal for videoObsolete OS, it is running Android 2.37 and won't support modern appsSmall internal storage capacity, user can only use 256 MB of the storage.  If the capacity is reached, the phone freezes and need restart to resume normal function
