
The phone is good quality, ok for a backup, depends on what you like. It is pretty much a basic phone, nothing fancy. If you need a good basic phone, buy it!

iThe cost is reasonable and it does most of what is required.  What I dislike is the actual size.  It is so small it can get mislaid quire easily.

This phone fails on many levels.1. The touch screen doesn't respond well at all, so trying to type has proven most challenging.2. I can't put my own songs on it unless I shop through at&t.; I can put my own songs on the phone but that doesn't mean it will allow me to play it.3. It wont take pictures properly.4. I can put pics on the phone, but it wont show it.5. The phone wont allow me to set my phone numbers to how i would like to see them, now i have to remember people's numbers just to recognize who is calling me or texting me.6. Half the time the slide to open doesn't work, so I have to do it about 7 times before it actually opens for me to use.7. It freezes if I try to go on the internet, I don't know. Maybe its because I'm all the way in Trinidad, but don't you think that if at&t; can't be reached it would say so and close the program? Nope, just freeze.This was supposed to be a simple alternative, it turned out to be a simple pain. Whatever. It will do till I find something better and easier to use.

Love it! Very versatile & durable! Lots of cool apps and awesome graphics come pre-loaded. Easily maneuver through differnt menus.

This phone was good for my needs - I was in the UK and wanted an unlocked phone so I could throw in a local SIM card.  The touch screen is a bit picky & you have to be pretty exact where you place your fingers and in the typing.  I guess I'm too used to my autocorrect on my iPhone, so this was a bit of a challenge.

It is a very good phone fom callsYou can only use your text messages if your an AT&T customer,too many things from AT&T

when I got the phone it was great but it didn't take long for the touch screen to keep freezing. taking the battery out and replacing it isn't working anymore. And now the phone turns off when the person on the other line hangs up. I've only had this phone for a few months. I should not be having these problems already.

The phone is ok I'm still trying to find out how to zoom in and out on the camera which I don.t think it have.

Bought this phone for both my husband and I when we eliminated our data plan temporarily.  This is the worst phone ever.  The touch screen is inconsistent.  The scroll function is a joke.  Trying to send a text is laborious.  We purchased these phones in Feb 2013 and the screen on one developed black spots blocking out part of the display within 3 months; It is virtually impossible to get it to pair with any other bluetooth device. We downloaded the drivers and software, dutifully jumping through hoops only to find the phones 'can not be detected.'  Tried to pair it with the laptop via USB in our final effort to get photos off the phone - The only thing you can transfer is music.  Tried to get photos to store to the micro SD - not an option.  This phone is a piece of junk.  It is obvious why LG discontinued it.  I'm just disappointed that LG didn't do the 'right' thing and recall these phones.

This cell phone is the worse phone i ever have.Feature is junk1. poor cell design2. Sensitive keypack3. Difficult to manage

Purchased from Walmart as a go-phone with AT&T;, thought to be a little bit reliable because from the big chain store and individually packaged. But the battery life is so short from the beginning. Regardless talking or not, I have to charge it everyday. A few months later, the screen developed a big black spot and some parallel black strips, which affect the display significantly. There were some occasions when I was driving and the phone rang, without doing anything, the phone automatically connected by itself and the callers were speaking, somewhat scary. The other complaint is that the typing is sometimes uncontrollable, meaning the capital letters will shift to lower case letters by itself, without my intention.The pros is that it paired with my car's Bluetooth without problem. The picture quality is fine. Although with so many problems, I am still using this phone. Purchased one year ago, see how long it will last.

This is a basic phone and meets my needs. It woks okay but sometimes seems to have a mind of its own.

The phone is okay but just okay. But then the cost factor has a lot to do with it. It really is an &#34;Okay&#34; phone.

THIS TELEPHONE  have SPANISH LENGUAGE IS VERY IMPORTANT, AND I NEED TO KNOW.  I WANT TO USE IN ANOTHER COUNTRY

Purchased this for use in the Dominican Republic. Works as a standard phone with a local SIM card. This phone doesn't pretend to be what it's not. Functions well for me.

I bought this phone for my son bc it was all touchscreen with no data plan. I got it home and charged it. once off the charger it said the battery was low and needed to be charged. so i charged it again. did the same thing. i sent it back to Amazon and wanted a replacement but instead got a refund. So i ordered from another company. The original company contacted me about the issue and apologized for the issue and offered to send me a replacement battery for my troubles. I never got it. After a few weeks I called them and told them. talked to the same gentleman, and he said he would send another one out right away. Never got that one either. Im very disappointed with this company and wont buy from them again no matter what product they sell. Very poor customer service when you lie to hard working people who have many options but choose your company.

just use it to call and send message. If you need other purpose, maybe you need buy a expensive one.

Product was in good condition when I received it, it a gift for my niece. I will definitely recommend them.

excelente

With use, the screen develops annoying black spots.  They do not go away, but grow.  The phone part of the GT550 appears to work ok.  We are using these ATT phones with TMoble.  We can not use the internet since ATT wants you to buy service thru them to get it.

It is a great cell phone and i recommend it to everyone buy this great cell phone you will find it very useful. It works well.

This little phone is a gem.  It's very quick to respond and the touch screen is fantastic.  It holds a charge very well, also.

I am only an occasional cell phone user so most of the time it is turned off. I use this as an AT&T Go Phone. I needed Bluetooth capability, which my previous phone lacked. I have a vacation home that has only a marginal signal in one corner of the second floor, and I wanted a call phone that would connect to an X-Link device that connects to the main phone, which no longer has an outside line. This phone works fine in that regard. My main complaint is that it's virtually impossible to use in the sunlight. Also, it has a lot of capabilities that I don't want to take the time to learn, but that is certainly not the fault of the phone.

If 8 pops up when you touch 0 or you get 5 when you touch 8, how can you call the number you want? And what is a phone for if you cannot even dial the number correctly. May be you can, after trying perhaps 10/12 times. It's ridiculous and frustrating, not to mention the whimsy with which the touch screen zips upwards or downwards at will . Is there any remedy? Someone mentioned about recalibration that can possibly correct this situation and that there is a recalibrate function on the device. I could not locate this function and would appreciate any advise in this connection. May be the manufacturer has also a responsibility in this regard.

I bought this as a cheap replacement phone for my husband to get his through the next year. We aren't sure if we want to renew with AT&T; next year even though we've been with them since 1996.When I first took the phone out of the box, my first thought was &#34;Oh no! That thing is tiny!&#34; My husband was really skeptical when he saw it, too. However,after the first week with the phone, my husband told me that he liked it. He said it works well with his &#34;fat fingers&#34;.He's had it a few weeks now and he hasn't had any complaints.If anything changes I will make sure to update this review.

Bought this phone for travelling in New Zealand an it worked perfectly for our needs.  Bought a SIM card at Vodaphone and began using it for our travels.  The touch screen is a little insensitive which is why I rated it 4 stars

I just received this phone yesterday and it works great so far! I am using it with my tmobile sim card and the only thing that is not working is the internet so i guess that is why i can't send any picture messages? Other than that, this phone is great for texting and calling so far. I would definitely recommend it to someone who just likes texting and calling.

I really like this phone for texting, but the touchscreen is very difficult to use.  When I am trying to scroll through my contact list, it is very bad at figuring out where I'm scrolling or clicking.  And for some reason I can only ever scroll when holding the phone with my left hand.  When I have the phone in my right hand, it does not recognize any thumb swipes whatsoever.  I guess it must have to do with how the swiping algorithm is programmed.  It's a good solid phone for a very reasonable price, but if I had it to do over again I would not buy this phone.

I cannot really receive pictures or take pictures on this phone but for a basic phone it would be ok to have

Well the phone keep turning off  every 3 minute, I do not like the phone at all.I think the battery is not good

after a week of it, it stopped working, the touch screen wouldnt work and it froze when i tried to use the camera.

The touch screen was very bad and the screen wouldn't cooperate when you tried to do an action. Texting was bad and the phone was complicated too complicated with texting and calling. Horrible phone.

Better than the LG Prime which was a disappointment. Touch screen functions about average but difficult to calibrate. Overall about what I expected.

Got this for my step daughter and she loves it. Loves the size and the pic dialing alot. got here on timeand works great.

This phone looks nice but to use the phone you must press hard on the screen and the overall function of the phone is cheap. It's basically a phone you can talk or text on. Forget being able to use the internet on it. Waste of money..

I mostly use it as mp3 player. The battery longs for more than 6 hours of continue using. Great sound.

i asked for a unlocked gsm phn but the phone was not unlocked yet.so i did not get what i expect

it arrive on the expected date, and it works fine, and it was nicely packed it is a good phone

Did not work with my sim card, could not do anything. But I returned it with no problem at all!

The size is very good, big icons so I do not need my reading glasses, easy to use very intuititive, I got a sim's card in Mexico it cost $150 pesos (less than $15dlls) including $75 pesos of air time good enough for using it for 1 week, making quick calls. The camera excellent good pics and video with good sound.Everything they said about the unlocked GSM phone is true, the battery last long time

was told it would work with Verizon & it does not was mislead and when trying to return I was told it would cost half of the price I paid for the phone !

this is a awful phone. DONT GET IT. Its overpriced and it stays on when you hang up and it is terrible for typing.

HOW ARE YOU DOING?? Greetings to all and I hope they are right. Two or three months ago I purchased an LG PHONE, which should see come unlocked but for unknown reasons the phone is not. I need your collaboration for receive the code for it to be unlocked. thanks million thanks.

Phone works as a phone, no internet or wifi with Tmobile though, just text and talking. Would work excellant with at&t, if not don't buy

The phone is light and easy to handle. It seems to be an efficient phone thus far. It is a lot smaller than how it looks online, but that's fine.

The description said Unlocked GSM Phone, so I thought it can be used with any GSM SIM card. The phone arrived in a sealed package with an at&t; SIM card, and when I tried any other SIM card I got the message &#34;SIM card not provisioned&#34;.I asked customer care the question - what does unlocked mean? Instead of answering they immediately processed the refund quoting  reason as &#34;different from website description&#34; and I returned the phone.However, the website description has not yet changed, so I thought I'd write this review to let potential buyers know that this is an at&t; go phone, and it will work only with an at&t; SIM (may be t-mobile too as advertised, I didn't try that one, but it is definitely not unlocked for use with any GSM SIM card)

The phone is overall a good phone, but I would suggest it to be a temporary phone.  Because sometimes there are a few minor glitches, such as when u are texting multiple people it sometimes will say u have a message running when u dont and it wont let u send anything until u restart the phone. Which gets irritating but its not very offten. Also sometimes when u have it unlocked and u put in your pocket or it unlocks in your pocket, it will freeze on camera and u cant do anything unless u shut it off, and turn it back on. But these are some of the issues I have had, the pics are good and this is an overall good phone minus a few flaws.

I really like this phone because of the size.  I had to cancel the order because this phone does not support any WI-FI.  I had to do a lot of internet searching to find out that fact, which should be part of the description.  I would prefer to use my own Wi-Fi system to connect, but this phone is engineered to go directly to At&T, SO you will be using At&T Data plan anytime you access the internet and not a local hot-spot. Too bad because it took me a lot of time to find a phone of this small size. Hope that helps.

I have hearing loss, and like the superior sound levels the GT550 has available. With the LG Expression I lost most of mycalls as the ring volume was terrible. With the GT550 the alarm volume is incredible and as I  do not sleep with my hearing aids on, the alarm is easily heard even with a loud fan running.My only gripe with this phone is that the screen will pick up black lines after about 6 months and LG asks for up to $75 toreplace the screen. The phone seems prone to this problem. It may have to do with too frequent charging, or excessiveuse of the touch screen. All in all it is a great phone for the hearing impaired.But it has a good clear camera, lots of editing features available, good blue tooth for streaming music, good Dolby tonaladjustments, and best of all the clarity of hearing calls is very good.

Phone itself is fine but a regular owner's manual should be included.  I nearly broke it trying to find a way to turn it on.  All my previous phones turned on by depressing the END key until it opened.  This has an invisible itsy bitsy button ON the top, not AT the top.  Pictures (showing where all the buttons are and what they do) are truly worth  thousand words . . . or no words.

The phone worked with a lot of ease. However,you wouldn't want to drop this thing on solid concrete.That happened to me and the phone went completely out.

Purchase the Phone to my elderly Father overseas. The Phone is small, light and fit well on your pocket. He still Adjusting from the old flip phone but overall he told me he liked very much.

this is a good phone for the price. It is easy to use . the only thing i dont like about it is the alarm . It is not loud enough to wake even a light sleeper.  otherwise the phone is  really a good one. I never have a problem with it, except for the alarm.

It was nice looking item but didnt work like i thought it would.For i wouldn't buy this item again and bought it for the price and it was a good thing i didn't pay no more for it.

It junk never work correctly, then phone stop working, I would give no stars, but I have to give it one.

I gave as a gift to one of my siblings and there are times u cannot hear what the other person is saying I could not return it to seller because we could not connect for a return . so I would not buy again or refer to friends

It freezes like 5 times in 30 minutes just trying to set it up for use. The screen is annoyingly unresponsive. I do not think this phone should have been made in the first place. I had to return it but was very happy with amazon return process.

My husband is a truck driver and he's a little rough in handling his electronics.  I purchased this as a back up phone if his main phone breaks.... and it did.  It's working fine.  It just has to get use to the size.  It is smaller than what he is accustom to.

does not meet my expectaivas, I thought it was a fuller tel sowtware regarding when to buy it, but it is not, the value-benefit ratio does not apply, is an expensive phone, if we compare its value with its functions. ..

Buttons on phone to close together, and when I placed a call with no answer I was unable to  cancel call

The phone feature is very attractive. It is a user friendly material. However, the powrer system is not effective. Every once in while, the power cut off. Therefore, I have to restore power by opening the back cover in order to remove the battery for a reset.This is kind of annoying and frustating.

Phone is actually smaller than pshown, but very practical and useful. Good for overseas.Used it in Africa ,works perfect.Love it

I just got my phone and everything is good the only thing is it doesn't comes with a manual but other than that its a good phone for used

This phone is for someone who just started using a cell phone. It was so slow and generic. I did not like at all

Very unhappy: phone was sold as being unlocked, it is not, so of no use to me, please advise what to do now, Kathinka

Nice little phone. Had a iPhone 3gs and my contract with AT&T is done. Wanted a phone that wouldn't break the bank but had some nice little features. This one does very nicely. Again, Amazon pulls through for me

THAT CELL IS VERY SMALL FOR A MAN HAND, SCREEN COLOR IS OK. THE ROLL BAR IS TOO SMALL , I ALWAYS MIS TOUCH OTHER ICON.

This phone is not user friendly. The touch screen is hard to work with and I have to press hard to open the icons! Moreover, the case seems to be so weak. No wifi.

I did not expect it to be unlocked from a specific plan.Ididnot think about the weght(too light in my hand.

It is selecting things on its own the last time I turned it on it switched itself to spanish and will not respond to anything I touch on the screen.  I bought it last month and now it can not be used.

i can call when i try to end i have dificult because sometimes it did't. sometimes i must to remove the battery

I bought this phone as a gift to my Father-in-Law... When I opened the box, I was very disappointed. It looks like a toy. It is very small. It also looks cheap, not the type of phone you would give to an adult. At the end I took it with me on my trip, and gave it away to someone else anyway. I regret buying this phone.

We bought this phone to be used with a T-Mobile sim card, for our almost-teenaged daughter.  She's had it for almost two months now.  She uses it mostly to text, and loves it for that.  It works for phone calls as well.  We haven't had any problems with it -- even though she's dropped it a few times.  The only complaint would be that, since it's not a standard Android phone, we haven't figured out how to download games and music. However, I don't deeply care whether she gets games or music on her phone, so it's fine.  Great phone for the price.

The cheapest phone i've ever come across, interms of quality. It's nothing like what was shown online. I wish u don't sell it to anyone in this world of electronic again. If there is a -ve level in ur grading system u would be way way down the ladder. Sell good product, don't deceipt people with gorgeous picture.Jacob
