
Wanted rhis phone as soon asi seen it ITS GREAT SUPER FAST  SIZE IS NOT A PROBLEM i upgraded from a iphone 4s rhis blows it away

If you never try a note, please give it a try. I call this phone a phablet. It does what it is supposed to do. I have had this phone for almost a year and I don't think I will need a new one for a very long time.

Words can NOT express how powerful this phone is.  I upgraded from a Galaxy Note 1 International and the 2gb of RAM on Note 2 makes a WORLD of difference.  I installed all my old apps that were on my first Galaxy Note, plus Coldfustion's 3D UI which takes up about 300 to 400mb of RAM total itself ( 7 or 10 apps to get the ColdFustion look)I bought my Note 2 used and Unfortunately the seller i bought this from didn't mention a small scratch on the screen that is noticeable any time the screen is off or there is black background behind it... Had i known this, i woulda' paid 50 dollars more for a new one...I'm so in love with the power of Galaxy Note II,  that i couldn't mail it back for a refund lolAnd its probably a scratch that will end up there after a few months of owning it myself so at least i saved 50 bucks.

I love it! What can I say, I bought two!

the best phone i ever knowCamera is not really good color but it fast, has anti shake it what i wanti really love a big screen, it's smooth and helpful

This item would have been great if i had received it but i didn't. Empty box with all the accessory. The company was kind enough to reimburse me. If you wan to buy this phone then go ahead but be cautious

The screen is properly big for me,I have Iphone 4S,and I like the screen more than Iphone's because of the size. For the speed,I still like Iphone more than Samsung

excelente telefono, super recomendado y el servicio brindado por el provedor tambien muy bueno. lo recomiendo ampliamente no tuve problema para activarlo en mexico

my husband loves it. the screen is big enough for his poor eyesight ,he wants to bring it anywhere,especially on our travels abroad. but the only thing he hates about it,is he needs to recharge it too often.

I ordered the Note 2 on Sunday night, received the item on Tuesday night. The phone works perfect, box still got seal and everything is brand new. Highly recommended seller!

Been using the ohone for 2 months now and wow. words cant describe how cool this is. The screen is hugh and using gps and hiigh end apps makes the phone experience overwhelming

I paid for the phone $640 and used it for 9 months when it stopped working. As I found out FGS Trading doesn't provide any assistance in fixing your phone after 30 days saying that &#34;I am sorry to hear this, but we never advertise that these phones havewarranties. Mobiles do not come with warranty, that is why Best Buy, ATT offer you insurance on them for extra money&#34; while their website says &#34;Our product are all brand new, original, factory sealed with their complete accessories. They comes with 1-2 years Warranty from the Manufacturer&#34;  Stay away!!!!

This is an outstanding phone/tablet.. there are thousands of things that this phone can do: I've been using it for a few days now, and it surprises me every day in the good way. I bought two with Worldwide Distributors and few days later price was decreased 25 dollars each, I understand that market dictates the price, but total difference became 50 usd for the 2 phones!!! with no economy big change whatsoever. I chose Worldwide Distributors because of the sellers rating but my experience was that Seller doesn't fully understand customer concerns, like the average non top companies, where the answer is always: "Can't be done". Unfortunately you never know until you have a purchase experience with Sellers. So my advise is always re check the price with all sellers, and don't get fooled by the stars on the reviews regarding shipping etc, you may regret it. Customer service is more than that. Some companies have 30 days price guarantee, and that makes them better than average companies. You don't usually put attention to that but with pricey stuff this need to be considered.

I recommend the customers do not buy this cell phone. This cell phone is the worst I have bought. Inside of one year of guarantee the cell phone did not work, at 7 months. I called amazon, but they never were responsible for the guarantee. I called the seller, but they didn't take responsibility of the cell phone. I called to UK where is located the headquarters, but they never take responsibility of its guarantee. Finally I have throw it to the garbage. I lost $ 650 dollars in 7 months.That is too bad.

I went from a 4th gen white square phone to the Samsung Note 2.In comparison to my 4th gen white square phone that ran iOS.Pros1. This phone is lighter. My phone 4 was heavy.2. Note 2's screen is huge.3. I can change my own battery if I want to.4. My battery stays charged for over a day and a half.5. The back button just makes it easier to navigate.6. I can personalize my phone with widgets and not look like everyone else's phone.7. Gaming is fast and the 60 frames per second is fluid especially in games like Need For Speed.8. I can write on my calendar if I have a week of vacation instead of going into each individual day.9. Windmills wallpaper pre-installed will show you the weather and outdoor conditions without having to do anything.10. Combined view in email. You can read all of your emails from different sources like Outlook, Gmail and Yahoo without having to flip back and forth.11. Camera has burst function. Great with fast moving toddlers.12. Download Robin if you miss Siri.Cons1. If you own mac's at home, Mountain Lion doesn't recognize this device.2. Since Mountain Lion doesn't recognize the device it's difficult to use Twist or other software to transfer your music library.3. AT&T; hasn't rolled out the update to Jelly Bean so multitasking isn't enabled.Tips1. For some reason when I do put my phone to my ear I tend to misjudge where to place it for optimal sound quality. I have to remind myself to drop it 1/4 inch lower than where I'd normally speak and the sound is fine.2. Swype is seamless and I will never go back to regular text typing.

Ordered with 1-3 day expedited shipping. Delivered the very next day. Brand new, in Samsung's sealed packaging.Looks like it's imported from France or was destined for the french market, since the startup wizard had the default language set to french.The phone is really light for it's size, and the battery life is superb. 2 days running on the out-of-box charge of about 60%, with moderate web, youtube, email and call usage.Skype works great with the front camera. The stylus is cool! Takes some getting used to, not just the stylus, even the device and android jelly bean with samsung mods as a whole, with all the shortcuts and movement gestures. Samsung does a lot of innovation, and it shows here.. whether you are an Apple fan or not or don't care.4G works, not yet tested the network data speeds. Voice quality is better than my previous iPhone 4, probably many factors involved in that.You will need to buy a micro SDHC or SDXC card, preferably before starting to use the device, since this one does not come by default with a card.

oh man this phone is so cool and work so good easy to use I like the sizegreat phone

I gave this product five stars because the functionality and options found on this phone. The size of the screen makes it easy to review notes, books and brochures. switching from one application to the next is quick and easy. The one thing I dislike about Samsung is that you have to download another app to print. The Samsung device will only let you print on a Samsung printer

I have made the right decision to buy the phone through Amazon, it is a very nice feeling, because I know I will be taking care . Everything turn out just fine.

i love the phone.. but i got the wrong color!! got the grey one instead of the white!! other than that the phone is absolutely PERFECT!

Since I purchased the phone I had no problems at all, I even go abroad and use my phone with their service provider, no problems at all. The only thing is the phone is a little heavy you need Bluetooth Headsets if you want to talk a little longer.

I really love this phone didn't want a contract I have tmobile service and I love the phone and service I'm gonna buy my husband one for Father's Day!,,,

The directions for inserting the SIM card were unclear.  Subsequently I damaged the phone trying to insert the SIM card.  The distributor suggested that I should get in touch with the manufacturer.  However, because it is an international phone, Samsung US will have nothing to do with it.  They first directed me to Samsung Canada.  But Samsung Canada also wants nothing to do with it.  If I type my model number into Google, I come up with Samsung UK.  I am still trying to connect with Samsung UK.  All that I would like is to get a phone that works.  I am willing to pay for service, as it was, no doubt, my fault.  Maybe Amazon can help?

Let's get to the nitty gritty:Pros:1- It's BIG. Big for gaming, big for videos, big for web browsing. Simply put, if you want a phone with the most real estate on the screen size, then there is no alternative. Don't be so mesmerized on the 1080p screens that will come out soon. Unless you want to destroy your eyes and use the phone from an inch away, you will not notice the difference in everyday use.2- It's fast. Yes, the Qualcomm S4 Pro quad-core beats this Tegra 3/Exynos 4 CPU in most benchmarks, but again, unless you are a hard-core geek that is OCD on numbers, you will not notice any difference in everyday use. There is no discernible lag anywhere (it's probably just your slow Internet connection).3- It's beautiful. Not HTC or Sony beautiful, but this is one sleek and stylish phone. The white is classic, but the Titanium Gray is also super slick. Just check out the back cover and you will see what I mean (yes, even with that cheap-feeling plastic material).4- Did I mention the screen? It's BIG, it's bright, and it's beee-ay-eeww-ti-ful! AMOLED screens have awesome color saturation and contrast (most times even overkill, actually). Some people say it's not good in daylight. Um, have you tried cranking up the brightness??5- The Samsung/Android touch. Not everyone may like Samsung's Touchwiz user interface compiled onto Android, but I dare you to find a phone with more features than this one (and similarly the Galaxy S3). Here are the main highlights:a. Samsung utilizes the front facing camera almost to perfection. You can use it to control your music player; it has facial recognition to sense you are directly in front of the screen so it won't dim and turn off the screen (for reading, web browing, video playback, etc.); it recognizes your facial orientation so that when you are lying down sideways looking at the screen, the accelerometer will not kick in to auto-rotate the screen in the wrong orientation. That is something that has always bothered me with other phones and FINALLY someone has added that feature! Granted, not all these features work flawlessly, but it's a great start.b. Integration with Google is finally starting to show off in good ways. It was always once that Apple had the superior ecosystem. But now we see the future is bright indeed. Not just evolution, but finally innovation!c. The S Pen and all the neat things you can do with it. Preview a point in the movie before skipping to that point, and other things like going old-school back to the PDA days!6- It accepts up to a 64GB microSD card. That turned out to be the dealbreaker for me. Explanation in "cons" section below.Cons:1- It's BIG. With my tiny hands(hey hey), I can hardly do anything one-handed with this phone. Pocketability rating: -2. Putting it up on your face to make a phone call is also a big fail if you're sensitive to public ridicule like me. Have your Bluetooth earpiece ready.2- It's quite heavy. I really wanted to switch to the Verizon Droid DNA - for a 5-inch screen, it was remarkably svelte and light. And if it wasn't for the fact of pi$$-poor Verizon customer service at their call centers, and that it only had 16GB of memory with no microSD card option, I would have made the switch. The Droid DNA is superior in every way except those things mentioned. I have absolutely no doubt that the Samsung Note 3 (and maybe even the Galaxy S4) will be a 1080p screen with the Exynos 5 quadcore - can't wait!3- The screen may be bright and colorful, but it's way over-saturated and unnatural. Fortunately, you can go to the screen options and set it to "Natural." "Dynamic" is overkill, and even so is "Standard."Conclusion:Even with its inherent flaws, I can't help but love it. It's not even a phone, it's a cellular tablet(cablet, anyone??). I'm going to keep it. Until the next big thing is already here....

Love the picture size, the stylus for free hand writing, and the apps available.  It exceeds my expectations, and I wouldn't go back to a smaller android phone.

I bought this phone because I didn't want to contract myself to any company. I also am planning to travel so I wanted one that is easy  suitable for SIM cards. This one has two slots for SIM (the european and US). It looks great and I have had it for over a month now and it works awesome. The design is beautiful and screen is huge. Camera is absolutely outstanding! Pictures are sharp and great quality including zoom. I use this phone with Simple mobile company and pay just 40 dollars a month with unlimited everything.Speakers are also very good and so is the music coming out of it. I would recommend it to anyone of my friends. Very happy with my purchase.

If you are on the fence about purchasing theSamsung Galaxy Note II N7100 Unlocked GSM International Version White, rest assured that you will be getting what I dear say is the most advanced phone/tablet on the market to date. What are the features of this phone? What can it do? It may actually be easier to tell you what it can't do.I've had lots of different makes and models of cell phones over the years, including Blackberry and Iphone but I dear say that this is by far the best phone that I've ever owned, it has way more features than I may ever actually use. The Samsung Galaxy Note II makes the great Iphone seem very BORING in comparison.This being the international version, I initially had a little trouble with getting Apps from the Samsung Apps Store, every time I tried I got an Error Message that was basically stating that the Samsung Apps was registered in one Country and my Samsung account was from another country so I was unable to get any Apps for the Samsung Apps Store. (If you are having the same problem, just let me know and I'll help you fix the issue).The level of customization on this phone is simply amazing, I know that you will happy with this purchase, unless you have an issue with the size, let's face facts this is a big phone but it is by far the best out there, a total beast when it comes to processing power.P.S.  I must make mention of this just to let you know happened when I made my purchase so you can take precaution when making yours.I purchased my Samsung Galaxy Note II form a seller known as "Techno.Trading.House" but was fulfilled by Amazon. When I received the package, there were no seals on the box, there should be a seal on each side, it should also have a plastic film on the screen as well as the back of the phone, but the one on the back was missing and there was minor scratches on the back of the phone.When I took the plastic film off of the screen there were finger prints all over and the battery was not in a plastic bag as it was supposed to be, taking all of these things into consideration, it lead me to believe that someone opened this box and placed the battery into the phone probably out of curiosity, whatever the reason, someone clearly TAMPERED with my phone scratching the back cover in the process.When I checked the log it showed that the phone was in use for over 5.5 minutes, apart from this, the phone seems to be in perfect working condition with no scratches on the screen whatsoever.My advice to you is to purchase from Amazon or from a seller whose product is fulfilled by Amazon in order for you to be covered by Amazon.When Amazon heard of my issue, they apologized for what happened and told me that products from other sellers that are fulfilled by them is from the sellers stock, and they promptly offered me a full refund so I can re-order, which I thought was great on their part, Amazon always like to see their customer be happy with their purchase.I told Amazon that I don't think that a full refund was necessary in this case as the phone works great otherwise so they offered my a 20% refund for the condition in which I received the phone, this I accepted as I consider this fair for all.PLEASE be careful who you purchase from, these phones are not cheap in any way, if you were to look at "Techno.Trading.House" seller's profile & feedback rating you will see mostly 5 star ratings which may give a false sense of security, make sure that your purchase is covered by Amazon for your peace of mind.

I've been using the Galaxy Note II since it came out last year, and I can say I LOVE IT!!I was hesitant to buy it at first because of the huge size, however I couldn't help it and it had to be mine once I tried it at a local store. No regrets!For all of you out there thinking about getting it consider the following:*Yes, you have to adapt to your new phone. I had to change the way I carried my cell phone (I previously had a Galaxy II), suddenly I found that I carried a small purse with me to carry it around when I didn't have my normal purse around. This turned into a useful habit when I only need my phone and some money. Male friends I have usually carry theirs on their coat,*Yes, people do stare at you when you use it. Get used to people pointing out that you have a huge phone with tendencies to grow and cover your face.*You'll think that all the other phones out there are tiny when you handle them.*Internet surfing (and really everything) is a pleasure with the big screen, nothing smaller will suit your tastes now.*And the most important one, YES, you'll get used to it, and you'll be thankful to have chosen it!Everyone I know that has one loves it. It is the only phone that has managed to tame my buying spirit for the latest gadget, not planning to change it any time soon.

Likes: The phone is surprisingly light, the pen works great. It rings loudly, which is great, I can hear it when saved in my purse. Dislikes: Had to uninstall many applications that came pre-installed with the phone. Those are incredibly invasive, their terms say they have access to my contacts list, my number, which numbers i call,  how long, to alter what's stored on my Sd card.. WTF?! ..It's pure SPYING!!  the phone should arrive just with the basic functions, not full of crap :(

Omg, this phone is the most beautiful electronic! It has made me fall in love again. It makes me think and feel, what iphoney!? If everyone could just get their hands on one of these babies!!!!! As long as Samsung keeps doing what it does on their products.. I will ALWAYS keep on being a Samung customer. I will never go back to any other brands as long as more notes II keep coming out!!!!!!

I love this phone, without a doubt the best phone out at the moment. Galaxy S4 included.The sheer number of features is amazing, it's like they thought of everything, even the idea that this many features could be daunting. This is why they included an &#34;easy mode&#34;. Brilliant.The phone is huge. I have big hands and while it sits comfortably in the palms of my hands most of the time, there are times where single hand use gets a little tricky to reach every corner of the phone. A small sacrifice compared to the great feeling of watching video and playing games and surfing the internet, and my favorite and number one reason for my purchase- the ability to draw on it like a Wacom tablet.Who would love this phone: Tech forward people. People who love tinkering. Artists. People with big hands.Who might not: iPhone diehards, because it's not an iPhone. People with smaller hands because it will at times require the use of (gasp) two hands. I was going to put people that just want something that makes calls and checks email, but the aforementioned &#34;easy mode&#34; takes care of that.p.s I got the Flip Cover out of personal preference because the phone is not exactly super thin. I recommend a rubber case, but it will make the phone noticeably thick (IMO).

All I've got to say is AMAZING. It is the best of both worlds. Samsung makes the best phone (s3) and the best tablet hybrid thing.

I bought this phone last December 2012. In the beginning, it worked great and I really loved the phone. I agree about most of positive reviews about this phone *when it is working*.However, after five months of use, the phone suddenly became dead. Specifically, the phone never turned on or got charged. I also tried to do factory reset, but it didn't respond.I wasted hours of research on the internet, and my best informed guess is that it is related to "Sudden Death Syndrome". (Search google if you are interested.)I contacted Samsung USA and they refused to repair the phone since it's international (they suggested contacting UK service). Then I contacted Samsung repair service in UK, and it took a long iteration of emails (taking a month) due to their dysfunctional website/email system. Afterwards, I finally received the response (attached below) from them that the phone cannot be repaired in EU since the warranty is in Arab Emirates. What???.....I would not have bought this phone by spending >$600 if I knew that the warranty is based on UAE. The seller was simply dishonest since they never specified these things for product information. It's extremely painful to go through all these customer service, and I wasted way more than $600 worth of time (if calculated based on my business hours).At this point, I almost gave up. I will never buy any phone from this seller, nor any unlocked *international* phone from an unreliable vendor.-----Response from Samsung repair service in UK:"We have checked your devices warranty against the serial number you provided us; we're unfortunately unable to have your device in for repair due to the warranty being outside the EU warranty. The warranty of your device is the United Arab Emirates.If you would like to discuss this further please contact Samsung customer services on 0330 726 7864 then option 6.If you need anything else, please let us know and we'll be happy to help.Thanks for contacting the Samsung repair centre."

this is a great phone. the size is a non-issue. in fact it's necessary for note taking with the device having a stylus.. err S-Pen as one of the main reasons i considered this phone. Everything about this phone feels different from all the androids I've tried. I chose this over the nexus 4 and i don't regret it. it's not perfect however. here are some of the things that could be improved:1. phone needs to switch the menu button with the back button. almost all androids have it the other way i don't know why samsung put the back button on the right side. this is especially problematic when writing notes with the S-pen and my hand keeps hitting the back button.2. If you like the read aloud feature of google books, you have to turn on the talkback feature and disable airview (the feature that lets the s-pen communicate with the phone before it touches the screen. this isn't too hard but it's still 2 extra steps compared to my previous nexus where the read aloud  is just 1-2 clicks away; no need to play with the accessibility settings.3. S-note doesn't let you zoom into the page so you can write more. Handy Note and Antipaper Notes does this well.4. touchwiz is feature rich and i love it but it doesn't conform with android's holo theme which is more sophisticated looking5. if you enjoy video maker in note 1, it's missing in note 2 for some reason. they replaced it with "video editor" in the samsung apps market but it's not exactly the same. it removed the ability to edit and annotate the video with s-pen input.6. google music widget is ugly while the samsung media player (widget) doesn't work with google music at all.7. changing the wallpaper takes too many steps.8. they need to improve the calendar app. the widget doesn't show the S-pen marks. and i heard samsung calendar doesn't sync with google calendar. not sure about that.9. image search syncs with images in dropbox but not google picasa. that was a big disappointment to me. there were so many times i wanted to pull out some image from my google photos and it only shows me the ones in my phone and in my dropbox account.the positives:1. the S-Pen is awesome and can be used in many ways. this is a stylus-centric OS.2. screen is big and beautiful3. FASSSST. no lags. i can do anything. 2 GB RAM!!4. battery life is great. 1 1/2 day for typical users and 1 day for power users.5. you get 50gb of dropbox storage for free (for 2 yrs).6. works with google voice.7. syncs with facebook contacts8. click "add shortcut to home" for your favorite contacts and put them in one folder, it's like a speed dial! there's also actual speed dial. samsung handled the address book well.9. 2 wonderful unique ways to type: one is using the s-pen and swyping with it and second is text recognition when you write with the s-pen or just your finger. it's not perfect but it's awfully accurate. most of my problems with it is it capitalizes when it's not supposed to but the letters are usually correct.10. scrapbooking! i have installed flicker, ebay, 500px, Fancy and Pinterest so i can search and clip items to be put in my scrapbook. discover wonderful s-pen apps like comicbook, flipaclip, paper artist, photo desk, photo editor, sketchbook, notes on life and papyrus. try the game sudoku with s-pen input. these are all s-pen specialized apps.11. you'll love evernote with this phone. also try catch.12. ChatOn is a wonderful chat program that's cross platform but with the S-pen you can do a lot more with animated messages and edited images from your scrapbook. you can even record what you're doing in your screen with the right productivity apps. e-mail and messaging are more powerful with the s-pen.3. accessories: the moga controller, the samsung dongle, the all powerful dock, a slew of nice cases (if the note 1 was any indication).so although i would be unhappy that this won't prob. get instant updates from google, this is however a version i can get stuck with for 2 yrs. touchwiz isn't too bad and you can't go wrong with 2GB of RAM.

the phone is very nice and good quantity. deliver on time and very good service. will recommend it to my friends

The Samsung Galaxy Note 2 International Version totally met expectations. I was looking for an unlocked phone to pair with a MVNO service. This fit the bill easily and with a few minor tweaks, with help of customer service was able to enjoy voicemail, H+ data (i.e. 3G plus), texting and voice service at a fraction of the monthly price. Another great thing about this phone is that it allows tethering. Just make sure your MVNO allows this too.As for the functionality of the phone itself, you won&#8217;t get 4G data, but I was able to achieve 3G Plus (H+) with my carrier. I also noticed phone call quality to be much better than any phone I&#8217;ve ever had. Voices seem to be devoid of the treble hiss you&#8217;ll get on other phones. As for the display, it&#8217;s my first AMOLED display phone. I noticed, blacks to be very black and primary colors to be very vivid, especially reds. As for the smoothness of the phone (processor speed) If you have 8 or 9 apps running at once, you might notice some hiccups especially with scrolling, but if you run less than 8 (from what I saw) you&#8217;ll have buttery smooth scrolling. Overall, I am extremely satisfied and just love the huge 5.5&#8221; screen.

Really love the new Note 2. The Screen and camera are really great. The size it's not a big deal, as a mater of fact I love the size. It's easy to switch from the Note to my Asus Transformer when I need more screen size.

Nothing to say, a a a a a a a a a  a very very very good smartphone than iphone

I just traded my Note 2 for an Iphone 5. I'm expecting the guy I traded with to bust down my door and reclaim his property, at any moment. The Note 2 was good for games and videos..... that was all. The S Pen was a gimmick, I used it for the first week, then it just became the thing that popped out when I dropped the phone , which was a constant occurrence (more later).Long story short, the dude at Best Buy convinced me to buy the Note 2 instead of the Iphone 5. The Note 2 operating system was awesome, if you have no life outside of your smart phone. All the people who claim that they need this gigantic phone for their job are stupid. The Iphone is just as good (if not better) than android at keeping one organized. When it boils down to it, the note 2 is good for video games and movies.I owned the Note 2 for about 4 months. I'm 6' 4" tall with XL hands. I dropped the Note 2 at least once a day. I found that lying in bed and looking at my phone was all but impossible with the Note 2. My hands also hurt on a continuous basis, due to the fact that I was always trying to hold this ridiculously large phone with one hand.Everyone told me that this phone was too big. Every time I pulled it out, I would get bombarded with comments about how I should carry that phone on my back. The fact that the Iphone looked so small in comparison was my justification. When looking at the Iphone, after holding the note, I was blown away by how tiny the Iphone really was. I quickly discovered that it takes about 2 minutes to adapt back to the Iphone size. A good movie is just as good on a 32" tv as it is on an 80".What I discovered through this experience is that Android fan boys are just as bad as the Apple ones, but the Android guys write way more reviews. Just look at Craigslist and you will see all the people trying to trade their Note 2 for an iPhone. I feel like I dodged a bullet.

Absolutely the best phone currently on the market. If you are at all hesitant about the size, dont be.yes it is big, but it fits nicely in most pockets.  Furthermore the extra screen relistate is amazing for web browsing.

good and it think that it is very useful and my mother was very happy when she saw this phone

I bought a Samsung Note 2 cell phone from FGS Trading through Amazon last December. Unfortunately, it couldn't be charged or restarted after an auto power-off at the beginning of this March. It's been DEAD since then. According to the documents that came with the phone, there is a 2-year warranty. However, the seller FGS Trading refused to offer me any help or give me any information about the origin of the phone after I have contacted with them for SIX times. They simply said it was already more than 30 days after purchase and it had nothing to do with them. They asked me to go to Samsung directly for help or repair the phone by myself. Even more worse, they provided me with an unanswered customer service number.Then I turned to Samsung for help. Until then I had been told that the phone was an international one ,and the Samsung US wasn't responsible for it .If I had known this ,I wouldn't buy a phone without US warranty. So I thought I was cheated by the seller-FST Trading. They shouldn't ignore such important information. Samsung told me they could do nothing without knowing the origin of the phone and asked me to go back to the seller. This is just RIDICULOUS!I chose to buy a cell phone through Amazon because it's been known to everyone Amazon is very reliable. And now this is what I have met with. I think Amazon is responsible to give me a reasonable solution, rather than let me make any more phone calls to listen to any NONSENSE. As a matter of fact, I have contacted with Amazon twice. And Amazon promised to negotiate with FGS trading for me. However, nothing has changed. The seller still keep the same attitude, ignoring their customer's requests .If you need, I can forward you all the emails between the FGS Trading and me. After reading the emails, I think you will be angry with them and their attitude. How should I buy a phone in the first place if I knew I would not get any technical support here in the United States? You shouldn't let the sellers like FGS Trading to sell goods through Amazon anymore .And I also found somebody else met the same problem with me.I have no choice but request to return the phone and get a full refund. PLEASE DO HELP ME!

the quality of the phone is not good, it comes with a couple of problems like battery and it restart several times per day

Fantastic phone;If the size is what's keeping you from buying this phone, don't think about it for one more second.Blazing Hardware, Jelly Bean, Neat little stylus, Non-Pentile OLED Display, the list goes onOne thing to consider if you're going the prepaid provider route  specifically T-Mobile (which I assume you might be since you're purchasing an unlocked phone) is the phone's supported frequencies.  T-Mobile is currently in the process of upgrading their towers to from 1700mhz to 1900mhz, depending on where you live you may be stuck with dreadfully slow speeds if the upgrades haven't taken place yet.Aside from that, I'm totally smitten with this phone.

SAMSUNG!!! I have to say I was an Apple fan before but got tired of the lack of innovation after Steve Jobs died(RIP).SAMSUNG TRULY INNNOVATED HERE FOLKS!!! I'm literally speechless at how awesome this phone is. Maybe a lot fo people will think my review is unhelpful... that's fine.List of awesomeness:-HUGE SCREEN, makes all my experiences better-LONG BATTERY LIFE, more than a day is long for me-STYLUS woooohooo - and i used to hate the idea of styluses-Smoothness of operation - sooo smoothTHE BEST THING ABOUT THIS PHONE IS THAT IT WILL TAKE ME WEEKS TO LEARN ALL THE COOL STUFF I CAN DO WITH IT.I'm an adventurer. I don't want everything SPELLED OUT for me and made easy to use. I want CRAZY HIGH TECH FEATURES that take time to learn how to do correctly... Less is not MORE... MORE is MORE!!! I also heavily use my phone for business.hahah my review is becoming entirely useless and I apologize.Anyways final words: "THE SIZE WILL NOT BOTHER YOU IF YOU BUY A HOLSTER OR IF WOMEN HAVE IT IN THEIR PURSE."You don't want to put it in your pocket, but I have found this is not a big deal. Find a way to carry this GIANT PIECE OF AWESOMENESS.. you won't regret it.

Updated review:  Had the phone for three months, and then it just died without warning. We ordered from Techgiant, a third-party merchant here on Amazon, and they informed us that there was nothing they would do to remedy this (nice, no?). Contacted Samsung, who informed us that since the phone was manufactured in Vietnam, they are not responsible for any warranty within the U.S.  We took it to a local cell phone repair shop, and apparently the main board fried....no idea how or why....to the point where they said repairing it would be cost prohibitive. Contacted Amazon, and God bless them, they gave us a partial refund as an effort to lessen our heartache.My wife still loves the phone, so we're going to get an unlocked version through Staples, and we will buy a warranty through them as well. We would buy directly from Amazon instead, but they only sell this through third-party merchants. We will pay about $100 more that we would online just for the phone, but the peace of mind we'll have getting it through a reputable company makes it worth the extra cost.If you read all of the reviews, you'll see our experience is not unique. So, purchasing this phone online, through a third-party vendor, is a gamble.  If you choose to roll the dice, I hope you have better luck than we did.  I felt obliged to update this review to let you know of our very bad experience so maybe you can avoid having to go through something similar.Original review:My wife was tethered to T-Horrible by a contract for several years, which we finally broke away from....with a penalty, of course.  It was worth it.  They treat their customers like dirt.We then switched to Virgin Mobile, which didn't work out so well either due to bad connectivity and bad customer service (but not as bad as T-Horrible, by any means...the main issue was being on hold for an hour to speak to someone in India, and usually subsequently getting disconnected).  Plus, at least with the Virgin plan, we were not bound to a contract....something we vowed to not repeat if possible.We bought this Samsung phone and switched over to Straight Talk, and couldn't be happier.  Connectivity is great, as is their customer service (so far).We ordered a micro SIM card with the AT&T; format.  Even going with their higher priced unlimited $45 per month no-contract plan, I figure it will take about a year in savings as compared to a contract plan to break even on what I paid for the phone.We contacted Straight Talk and made it clear that she wanted to keep her old number.  We were told it could take a day or two to process everything and make the switch.  Well, that was wrong....it took about an hour!  We ordered the 30-day unlimited plan and the SIM card online from their website, and it arrived the next day (the had a special offer for free overnight shipping).My wife's only complaint about the phone itself is how complex it is; it takes some time to learn everything it can do and how to make adjustments (e.g., why is it making that noise every now and then?).  It really is an amazing device....the screen clarity and all the options it offers will blow you away!If things change, I will update the review, but right now we are very happy with our decision to go with this phone and with Straight Talk as a service provider.

I received the Note with Hungarian instructions.  I got on-line and found a complete manual.  I downloaded it on a memory stick.  It was full speed after I got the sim card from my provider and memory card from my old phone.  I love the colors and clarity and the speed is great.  I take long trips and needed a smaller computer to keep up with my messages.  This little baby will take care of my needs just fine (PLUS its a phone!!)  Thanks to all who had anything to do with creating this little jewel.

Very happy with this note II, 8 months later I still found new features, some parts of the phone started to peel off, and I hate the fact that the note III is out already. I don't see the point in changing phones every year, for the price they must have a longer lifespan

The phone is looks exactly new! the seller send it right after I leave the message~~Thank you very much! love it, Hope to trade with you again if have a chance!

Great smartphone, I guess the best I've had. The seller answered my questions and it arrived when expected. Everything great, nothing to complain.

this is not the international version, this is t mobile version, dont sayid that if international this is a lie.

The galaxy note 2 has to be the best phone every created. I love being able to use the multitasking sucks though that not alot of apps support that function yet though. The battery life is amazing and can take my heavy pounding all day long. The fast charging is no joke its fast. The s pen function that is supposed to beep and vibrant when you leave the pen out and walk away does not work well at all though. The phone can run a littke hot because its a quad core but that's not also a big deal breaker. There is a led light on the top left of the device so you will know when you have a notification. I am not going to root this phone it does not need it like all other phones.

SAMSUNG did it again, the best telephone with robots inside.Yes, I highly recommend this phone over any other brand.

The screen does not work properly since the first time I used it. The number 1 in the time does not show sometimes, for example, instead of 12:03 it would say 2:03. The S pen has no use at all because it does not respond properly on the screen, I think it's fake S pen. And the sistem freezes for no reason.. In my opinion this cell phone is not the original.  The Seller did not answer my problem.

This is a very good phone, especially if you need large text for people with bad eye sight. The user interface is very clear and smooth.

I have now two of them. Because if I lost one I couldn't survive without it!. This is my honest opinion.

Device is really great, best one if you are looking for something with a good screen size. I strongly recommend it.

I am still learning how to use him... I am so in love with this Samsung. It's light, functional, fast, great camera. Can't be compared to an apple.... It's just much better than it! It's the perfect combination of a tablet and a smartphone. Congratulations, Samsung!

good

A great cellphone. My wife is falling in love with it! Fast, really good pictures, nice screen. Be aware it is a big... big phone.

I gave this to my wife and she love it. She changed her view of technology and now is attached to smart phones. Excellent battery life, better screen. Can't wait to change mine to Galaxy Note 3

The Galaxy Note 2 is an amazing piece of technology. I'm writing this review to shed light on a Company 'FGS Trading" whom of which i bought this phone from on here. I ordered the phone on Monday. I live in GA and made it a blunt point i needed the phone by friday. Knowing this i emailed them immediately after buying this and told them if there was anything i needed to do as far as pay more for shipping or change the address to my home where i live (instead of where i had it sent to at my parents house since i'm visiting for the holidays) to just let me know and don;t ship it until then. They shipped it anyways then proceeded to lie to me and tell me it shipped Monday and would be here Wednesday. In reality, it didn't ship Monday. It sat there overnight even though i payed for the phone before 1 p.m on Monday. Tried emailing them about this and there is less than ZERO accountability by any person there. Basically told me it was my fault even though I asked them in multiple emails to let me know if anything needed to be done to guarantee it would be here before the weekend and on top of all of that i was lied to. BEWARE OF THIS SELLER! DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THEM! I have copies of all the emails sent i will be sending to Amazon and on Forums to make sure this company pays for its lies, deception, and massive inconvenience they have created for me.

Great&#65281; Love it. I love android and the last phone I used is G12. That is far away foem this one!

It is the best cellphone I have. I recommand it. It is a little expensive, but it is worth this price.

Me encata mi galaxy es muy bueno , se los recomiendo esta liberado y lo puedo utilizar aqui en venezuela

I did not know that it can only use mimi-simcards. I don't really think that that makes it very "international" as the title says. Other than that, the phone is everything I wanted and more. Greaut Buy!

Fine machine.  Does everything well. You get used to the size readily. Fits OK in my pocket and I'm 5'7".  Got a bluetooth keyboard and don't need my tablet.

Best phone out there at the moment! Works Perfect I use it on AT&T; and 3G/HSPA+ work fine as long as you use the correct APN`s and not the one that comes stock on the phone.  For its screen size and Processing power I have it rooted and overclocked my battery can still last me the weekend just fine and perfectly! I can unplug friday morning and not really need to plug it up to Sunday Night!Pros:BatteryScreen Size (Can be an issue sometimes during travel but I might get me a cheaper lower end android for a backup)Quad-CoreCons: Can`t really think of any but maybe No LTE on the 7100 model.

I have only used the phone for a few days. I have an old samsung galaxy tab 7 as a phone and upgraded to this. Jelly Bean is much better than gingerbread and this phone is very responsive. I actually bought an Asus Transformer TF700 at the same time and after using this phone, I doubt I will be reaching for the tablet much even though they both use the same OS. I find this phone much more convenient to carry around, the screen size is great for reading still, and the apps seem to be much more repsonsive.

hola amigos soy de venezuela no entiendo por que se ha demorado tanto el envio del telefono que compre  quisiera que me explicaran !!! compre el galaxy note 2 n7100

I'm going to be specific this phone is the best of the best from samsung. I'm a fanatic from other brands but this is the best that i been have. The high quality of this cellphone have the value of every cent you pay for it.

Designed for unmatched multitasking, the Galaxy Note II combines the ease of pen and paper plus advanced Smartphone technology. the only problem i found with Samsung Galaxy Note II 2 N7100 not with phone with seller i got the phone and it was scratch on screen maybe it happened during shipment. The rest it's amazing phone you can do anything. I like the feature it's smooth

The phone seems to be in working order, yet I'm not sure it is brand new as the box had no stickers and the back panel had no covering. Besides this, the phone itself works well but am having connectivity issues- slight difficulty connecting to wifi at times I must restart the phone in order for it to connect to previous locations.

Samsung WILL NOT REPAIR THIS PHONE IN THE UNITED STATES. and yet their online support will constantly refer you to a local repair center who will then tell you they only repair carrier-branded devices. I get it's the "international version" (despite being the same internally as the US version), but they wouldn't even tell me where I could ship it to overseas to get it repaired.Worst customer service ever and I want to GIVE THEM MONEY lol. Not looking for a warranty repair, I broke my phone and am owning up to it, and they won't help me at all to get it fixed. Just amazes me.

I've been eyeing this phone but skeptical buying it because of it's size and price. I finally bit the bullet and I'm so glad I did. It's an amazing device for both personal and business use, it has everything that I need on a phone and tablet. I can't remember how many times I regret not carrying my tablet/laptop because the phone is inadequate. Not anymore! I don't even need to bring my laptop when I'm out of the office unless I need PC only applications. The S-Pen is amazing, I don't bring pen and paper in meetings anymore either because I use this all time to take down notes.

big screen is certainly the catch.My major concern for any Samsung phone is the life of the battery.this battery is good for two days. Consider my wife playing this phoneat lot, it is decent.

definitivamente lo recomiendo, ten&iacute;a toda la info especificada antes de comprar y sigui&oacute; as&iacute; en orden hasta que llego a mis manos fuera de EEUU, gracias! amo mi cel :)I definitely recommend it, had all the info specified before buying and remained so in order until I get my hands outside the U.S., thanks! i love my cel.

The best phone I ever have! I spent months speculating on what phone to buy. I chose between S3, Iphone 5 then when the note 2 debut! I had no second thoughts!

This phone came already jail broken, and takes great pictures.  Love the large screen, only wish it had a place for the stylus pen.

ME ENCANTA ESTE SMARTPHONE YA SABIA QUE IBA A SER COMO LO DESPUES DE TENERLO EN LA MANO OK GOOG

Delighted to have this product. Its a brilliant combination of phone and tablet capability with state of art features. Very happy!

Love everything this phone does. I recommend it to anyone who is creative and wants to record every idea, etc.

I have been used for 2 weeks so far so good but the interchangeable wall plug does not work! The battery is better than my Nexus 4 but the processor speed is slower than Nexus 4.

As an owner of the original Galaxy Note, let me just start by saying most of the issues or "annoyances" felt in version 1 have been ironed out in version 2.Everything is better with the Note 2. The speed of this thing is awesome. Windows fly open with easy and smoothness, faster screen switching and all around a more solid feel in the operating system. It is hard to describe. I highly recommend just playing with one at the stores and you will instantly feel its awesomeness.Love the extra features, multi-tasking (although I hope future versions support all apps), better S Note capabilities and touch/feel. This thing takes stunning photos and videos. Love all the new photo add-ons....voice activating the shot by saying "Cheese!" is killer. Photo buffs will love all the new Android 4.1 features.Everything shown on the screen is literally breathtaking. All my friends are jealous when I show it to them. Take that tiny iPhone! Battery life is awesome, my biggest complaint regarding the Note 1.Note: Rooting! I rooted my phone, but user beware. If you root this phone, mine stopped getting updates via Kies and the phone's update system. I had to get download of the latest international firmwares, and install it manually. Not hard, and ensures you are always up to date. If doing this, make sure you write down your current Baseband and Build number in Settings/About Device section and get the latest available build that matches the country code. Google it. I highly recommend backing up your current ROM/firmware if you do any rooting.Love the phone....wish it was cheaper, but well worth the money and upgrade from the Note 1. Highly recommend it!

I had to go back to the Samsung store where they told me that the motherboard needs replacing - out of the blue! And they would only do it free of charge if I can produce proof of purchase/warranty. The invoice I have doesn't carry a part# or an REM# and the warranty card was never signed/stamped by the seller.

My previous phone was a Samsung Galaxy Ace and I have seen my wife's phone Samsung Galaxy S1.  I needed the phone especially for work and all my stuff is around the google environment.  My Note II works really well, it is small and bign enough, i got all the apps I need, the battery works really well,..., Great!

I got the Galaxy Note II in July. The LCD screen didn't functioned in just one month after I started to use it... I don't play with my phone too often everyday. (Only texting msg or making a phone call) I have no idea with the problem!!! Is there any warranty on this phone?? So I have to fix it with over 250 bucks!!

this is like the U.S. version, I didn't notice any difference, amazing phone, recommended if your eyes are tired from the &#34;little screen&#34; smartphones in the market,

It was good money spent, do not regret my purchase, phone is up to my expectatives. Will recommend to any one

I want let people know about the bug about the phone. so, before you buy think about it!!! I buy this phone 4 months ago, everything is good until one day that phone was totally dead. no any reason just dead. can't turn it on. when I go online check what's going on, I saw a lot people having the same problem. keep searching, I found a message, the life of the phone is about 120-150 days with its EMMC such as a CPU will burn.and the EMMC CPU now is almost out of order, you can guess how many people burn they phone.  I bring my phone to samsung store to fix spend $170 to order a new EMMC. when I get there, the technician show me couple same problem phone to me! said&#34; It is a common problem with samsung galaxy note 2 N7100 and 9300. I was so regret that I buy the second one, which pass 30days, I am sure that will dead again after 3 months.  So, trust me, do not buy this!!

N-7100 This phone will not ready to use high speed data in through US major service carriers. I should have wait for another 3 months to get a new version one which is LTE network ready N-7105. I am happy with the other features of the phone.

Wife and I picked up a couple of these on Saturday and the hype is true. The screen is beautiful, the phone is LIGHTENING fast, and the battery is nearly unkillable. The size might turn some peole away but this is without a doubt the most powerful, well thought out phone on the market right now. The S-Pen feature is an added bonus but honestly, the phone is beastly enough to stand on its own. I highly recommend you try one out just to see how well this device works. It's truly revolutionary.

Love the phone and shipping was fast.  Will Defintinly order from this seller again.  The only thing I hate is it doesn't come with a 64GB internal harddrive but its not a deal breaker.  Otherwise really great phone.

At first Glance the Galaxy Note 2 is a huge phone.. But after using the phone for sometime every other phones seems petite and tiny.. Coming from a iPhone 5 i was very bored of what iOS was producing i have not seen a major upgrade in the software and the screen was tiny for me (I am a 6'3 Man who can palm a NBA basketball). So i started doing research on the Note 2 I've seen the original note once. I was amazed at the size and thought to myself if i could fit it in my pocket, use android, and enjoy the whole experience the Note would be.. after doing much research i decided to jump the boat and try the Galaxy Note 2 and i haven't looked back since. The screen is Amazing!!! Yes it is a bit more saturation than i would like but other than that the size is great and the quality of the screen is great too. This is NOT a one handed device for almost everyone. I happened to have hands big enough to use one handed but many of you will not be able to keep this in mind. The S-Pen is handy some times.. If you sign a lot of documents this is great. I really do love this phone from the camera to the processor  to the whole experience. This is a great phone and i hope you go to your local store and try it for yourself.

First I will say, I have been watching for this "Phablet" to hit my carrier for a long time. My favorite rep said, "are you really going to hold a 5 inch phone up to your head?" And my response was, "I never talk on the phone, I always use a bluetooth". I'm very high tech and will not let technology pass me by. I have to have the "latest and the greatest".Now... about this "Phablet" (thats Phone + Tablet)**This thing is HUGE!! It will fit in a pocket or purse, but it is a big one. Definately not a one handed phone.**Everything that they say about it on TV and the internet is true!**Big screen, very bright and I don't even need my readers to read internet pages.**Can you say FASSSSTTTTT! Quad core processor is amazing. This is one of the first quad core processors in a phone.**Battery: OMG, it has a huge battery (3100 mAh) and clams a 15 hour charge without non-stop use. I am a heavy user and have not killed it in the course of a 10 hour work day, although it was down to about 30-40%.**It can run about any video format.**Flash can be loaded but have to do a "work around" to do it since Adobe isn't supporting it anymore. An internet or YouTube search can fix that. I did it, and it works just perfect.**Speakers are much louder than other smart phones.**Easily personalized**With a proper OTG (On The Go) cable you can use USB keyboard, mouse, flash drive or portable hard drive.**I have used it for video chat and you wouldn't believe the quality and speed.**Comes stock with Jelly Bean**Update for split screen multi-tasking capability is being rolled out slowly but it is coming.**Has the new updated S-Pen. This is a major breakthrough for those of us who are "business on the go". I am personally, still learning what all can be done with it but there is MUCH.CONS: because it is so new, a limited array of accessories and apps specifically for it but that will change.WARNING:1. Use the stock Samsung battery charger. I had a generic one in my office and it didn't seem to have enough output and it was charging very very slow. I put the stock charger on it and it charged super fast.2. Beware of aftermarket cases, pretty back covers, etc. Make sure they contain the NFC antennas, many do not and therefore your NFC communication will not work.Side note: I had only had my Galaxy 3 for about 3 months (absolutely loved it) and went into the store to see this and HAD to have it. Its everything my GS3 was plus! I had to reach deep to get it but it was worth every penny. I had the very first smart phone that ran Windows Mobile, and I thought I was all that and then some. I have had about 9 I think. Once you use a smart phone you'll never be able to go back to a non-smart one. NOW, having this BIG screen.... hummmmm, guess I'll just be stuck with this one until they come out with the Note 3. Can't imagine not having this big screen after only less than a week.

Bought the Note 2 in Dec 2012.  And on June 20th I charged the phone and came back it was &#34;off&#34;. Tried to turn it on and NOTHING. Cant reboot do nothing with it. Oh and my phone in GSM International and from the UK. SO I can mail it to them but they CANT mail it back to me. And Samsung US cant fix it because yeah its from the UK. So by Samsung never in my life will I buy a product from them again. Buy at your own risks. If you look up Galaxy S2, S3 Note 2 online you will see that 95% of their owners got the same problem.

Unable to use high speed data- which a major selling feature of the phone-, in the U.S through some major cell phone services providers such as T-Mobile.

Got this phone for my anniversary. Delivery was on time. Phone only worked for 2 weeks then died a sudden death, for no known reason. Contact FGS and they said to send it back but once they got it back that's when they showed the true side to what they do to customers when there is a problem. No help whatsoever. Had to get Amazon involved in order to not loose my entire $519.99  and they arranged for me to get a refund Beware of FGS, they don't care or respect their customers!!!!!!!!!!!!

i found some scar on the phone, and the spen dont have a button. i dont think the spen is the original one

This phone is the ultimate. It does everything and does it well, Easy to learn and manage, great size to replace my tablet in a pinch,

I love my note 2 everything about it is awesome... I have the note 1 but the note 2 is a lot better.

All the process was perfect thanks, the envelope was great and the goods wad excelent im very happy with the product

I chose this rating because the phone was taking to Samsung store and was proved to be fake and thedelivery time was far overdue. And have returned but have not still got my refund yet. I will definitely not recommend it to anybody.

The functions and design are perfect.It is very convenient.  However, there are some quality problems. I bought it 2 months ago, but it crashes often every day.

This is my first time using Note II, it's easier to operate and so good to open and reading a webpage. Think I will use it for a long time.

http://youtu.be/3q8VKnWeFTwThis is my phone function, but, Go4computers, seller for this product, said this is fully functioned !Is this looks okay? OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!I purchased Galaxy note 2 at Amazon, the seller was Go4computers.As you can see, S-Pen is not working properly. however, they said there is no problem to this phone and turn off 'air view' function. Is this common sense? I paid fully in order to use fully functioned phone !

I bought this product recently and working very well.Item delivered as mentioned with completely sealed pack.But one thing i didnt understand why the expandable memory limit is not mentioned in product details.

This phone is the best phone I have ever had.  It is fast, easy to use and is loaded with Samsung's  and Google's software packages.. I am using MetroPcs with this phone and it read the SIM card right away and took over my phone number from my prior Verizon account.  I have used this phone extensively this past week on the Internet as well as receiving 4GLTE like service (H+).The quad core processor makes this phone a speed demon when connected to wifi.  Needlesss to say I am very pleased  with this purchase.  I also have a Samsung Note 2 8 inch tablet  I am also very happy with.

cell made in Korea, Assembled in Vietnam. It is something that has been mentioned on the phone. God knows where the phone comes from!!!!!!!!!!!!No matter where you buy the phone, you have no warranty and the seller just reply you 2 weeks after selling it to make sure you won't ask for a return/refund. the Phone is an international device, right but you must know that there is NO WARRANTY in any country, I paid more than 600$ for this phone assuming that it has 2 years warranty . now I have a problem with the phone and nobody is responsible,  I have contacted Samsung, but they told me that since I didn't buy it from an "authorized seller", they will not honor the warranty on this phone and told me ask the seller where the phone is from!!!!The seller easily ignores your emails because you already paid the money, so they don't care about you any more. I asked Amazon's customer services to send email to the seller but the seller ignored Amazon's emails as well. since I bought the phone more than 90 days ago, I cannot use Amazon's a-z guarantee.  I also blame amazon because I trusted Amazon and supposed that it is a reliable place to buy cell phone , while they don't even have a phone number from the seller and cannot do anything other than sending useless email to the seller who never replays , If I knew that the phone has no warranty, I wouldn't buy it at all.so DON'T waste your money on some thing that you don't know where it is from. If you do want to waste your money at least be aware of that.9-18-2013----------------------------------Update-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I bought this phone for use 4G net, but unfortunately by Tmobile I cannot use 4G and I can just use 3G. I am so sad, be aware that this phone cannot provide 4G internet for you and even using google map will be a pain.

even my bosses who are loyal to everything Apple have switched to this phone. very easy to use and very convenient.

I got this phone brand new although the language was set in Taiwanese but the wall charger was broken but other than that it's an amazing phone

Best Phone Ever! The S4 is better, but this one is Better that I thought! Better than the Samsung Galaxy S3

Best phone that I have used so far!Great processor, memory, spectacular display, camera, and OS to boot!Samsung makes good quality phones!

When one opens the box, there is a sense of awe. People ask "Is this really a phone" was one reaction I got. It is an amazing piece of hardware. I have used Android devices starting from Cupcake version, used iPhone, HP Veer with webOS, Windows 7.5 HTC Titan 2. This phone is the sleekest and one of the best so far. It is fabulous!  I find the big size to be very good and not a problem at all. Will the Galaxy Note 3 be 6" ?!Out of the box, connect to wireless and get the phone logged into Google account. The advantage of Android phones is that once you are logged into Google universe, everything gets synced up especially if you have been using Android.  The position of power button is at an excellent position for your hand on this Note 2. The additional LED for notification on top is very handy. Listen Apple? The camera serves some really futuristic ideas also. It can check if you are looking at the phone and disable screen lock (even if you set timeout to say 30 sec). Also it can serve as password unlock. Amazing! These can be set from Settings Menu.The Android version as of Oct 26 2012 is Jellybean 4.1.1. Kernel version is 3.0.31-259982. Model GT-N7100. I got the 64 GB microSD card. Get this mobileUltra, it is the latest as of Oct 2012. (SanDisk 64GB Mobile Ultra MicroSDXC Class 6 Memory Card with SD Adapter - Retail Packaging. Settings show an available space of 59.45 GB. So along with 16 GB built (system shows only around 10.46 GB), my Note 2 has 80 GB memory. With music in the  Google Music cloud, I intent to use the memory for video/pictures as a camcorder/camera.I strongly suggest going through Settings and customizing many things as per your desire. I did Voice Input, Keyboard (this comes with English(UK), change to English(US) for example. Fiddle around the settings and you will be amazed how much you can customize. I also did Battery % to appear in notification bar.One thing I found the default keyboard did not show Mic button. I realized it was next to Sym button. Long press it and choose Mic. And then on, it will appear in default keyboard. Also customize the accent. It can do magic for typing. I type paragraphs at a time effortlessly. This is Google backend servers at work. The Mic on Samsung Galaxy Note 2 does a fantastic job!S-Pen, Ah.. I was truly impressed. You have to use these to believe it. The note taking was very fluid. Samsung seem to have nailed it. I wrote up an equation in Equation mode - x^5 = x^2 + 2x + .... Something completely random, another one d/dx(an equation) and it recognized perfectly and asked it to search, it went to Wolfram Alpha and solved it. It is at first unbelievable and then it starts to sink in this is a computer program made well. Like it should be in first place! Export to pdf is very good. The main thing is the pen is very fluid and feels like a fountain pen writing.Overall, the phone feels very smooth and snappy. The screen is crisp and clear. Apps can even be multi screened. Samsung approved apps can be placed two in a screen. Eg. Maps on top and email on bottom portion. I doubt I will use this, but handy.One gripe I have with this phone is speaker is on the back. Typically if you lie the phone down, the speaker is blocked on bottom. I wish the speakers were in the side. This is a design decision and not sure why phones have speaker on back. But the speaker volume is very high, so I am not complaining too much.One big pain point with Android is once you purchased/downloaded for free Apps, they cannot be permanently deleted. So even if you get a junk app, and delete immediately they are permanently there in your Google Play store. From the phone's play store I got 300+ Apps. One cannot choose 50 apps and say get all these. You have to do one by one. After getting one, the screen resets to beginning. So I went to a computer browser and pushed apps to pone. This is easier and faster.UPDATE: In Jelly bean, you can make the apps vanish from the list entirely. Look at comment #1 from Mark. In the My Apps in settings, at the end of the app there is a circle with a / in middle. Tap on it and confirm to remove. This is great, but if you have a list of 200 apps, you have do this one by one. Also the list resets to beginning after each delete.Some of apps I have as of now :Amazon MobileAndroid Status : Android Status app shows ARMv7, Max Freq 1.6 GHz, BogoMips 1592.52 Memory 1.79 GB, Free 365 MB, Internal Storage 10.46 GB Free 7.18 GB. Total Process running 271! Kernel 159/User 112 Interface has IPv6 as well as IPv4 addressAndroidifyAngry Birds (Space/Seasons)Asphalt 7Amazon App StoreBoxCar Maintenance Reminder ProChromeCNET TVGoogle Currents (nice way to read News)Draw SomethingGoogle DriveEbayFM Radio (needs headphone)LinkedinGoogle MusicOverDrive Media Console: Library eBooks & Audiobooks(public library consumption of media)Microsoft One Note (legacy docs, skydrive of 25 GB is good)Subsonic Music StreamerTerminal Emulator (still need to use vi, yes this is it)TweetCaster Pro for Android(excellent twitter client)Twit.TvGoogle VoicePlenty of WidgetsAsk questions, the review cannot do justice to Note 2, I find something new always. I will be glad to answer any questions.

The phone has probably been stooled. If I know that I would never bye that! Locked and cant use it in USA.

I researched what I wanted and after a few weeks of use I am so far satisfied. Still learning how to use all the features and apps.  Very comfortable for reading and viewing photos videos.

This is one of the best decision ever made buy purchasing the SGN2. I advise everyone to go out and invest in it. You want be disappointed!  I love the multi task feature!!!!

I love the galaxy note 2 so much!!!VERY VERY nice phone!!But I had some problem when i got it.But the seller never answer me with e-mail and call.

Fast service,  but battery dies very fast it never lasts through an entire day. I was going to return it for other reasons,  but decided to give it as a gift wish I'd followed my first instinct & returned it. Now the gift is worthless and we're now looking for yet another phone

i bought this cel for gift to my wife and she was impacted!!is an experience from out of worldthanks a lot

Yes, it's good!But I donot give five star cause I received phone was not a white one, but I ordered white.Others are good!

The box came with broken seal, cellphone works fine for now. not sure if the CPU will burn out after several months.

Simply put.  A powerful cellular phone capable of performing functions of a tablet. I think it is the best phone ever produced to date.  I won't be surprised if Apple would follow this trend.

There is no galaxy inside the inner box.(galaxy box)there was no sticker on the box and the box was opened!what the hell is this??

I ordered this European model unlocked phone at a price I could not match in the US..  Transaction and delivery were smooth.  Item was as described.  Super easy set up.  I just took the SIM card out of my old phone and installed it in my new phone.I had a little trouble using the phone since no manual was included and the phone has a lot of features.  My service provider employee at a mall kiosk was helpful with directions and being able to add a chip for extra memory.  I like the big screen.  Using internet is much easier.  Photos seem grainy, but that could be my inexperience. I love some of the pre-installed apps, like being to take photos that look like pencil sketches.  My granddaughter loves the pen feature that allows her to draw original pictures.  She can take a selfie and put &#34;make up &#34; on it.

This thing is pretty fantastic. Very very fast, working Multi-tasking unlike At&t.; It works flawlessly with At&t; service in the states. I had no problem with rooting the device, if anything it runs a little faster. Quadrant Standard put out a 6573 Benchmark as the highest I have tested, lowest was 6123.The 8 Mega-pixel camera takes pictures at the quality of a 12MP.  The burst shot has pros and cons, I say use it statically. Don't move the camera but snapping photos of a dog or something moving, whilst keeping the camera still turn out great.I love the size of the phone, If you decide to become a Root user there is options available to adjust the Resolution. This giving you a more customization experience with your device. Do you prefer more Tablet or more Phone. Change the resolution and find out for yourself.The sound is great for its small back side facing speaker. You wont be throwing a party but you could easily use this as a music player around the house or odd jobs without having to use a stereo at all.My only complaint is the S-pen seems a bit sensitive. I am one who likes to hover that pen over my screen thus causing me to select screens and mark things I didn't mean to. This may be more of a PEBKAC (Problem exists between keyboard and chair) issue than anything, however an ability to adjust the distance sensing of the S-pen would be fantastic.Bottom line- This "PHABLET" is freaking awesome, anyone with a love or lust for processing power in the palm of your hand, well this is the device. Should also make a comment about Samsung FINALLY has an all day battery!If I had to give it a score I'd say 9.5/10.

There's not from Samsung, I only found 2 can peel off label which shows Samsung (fake), although turn on the phone, not show Samsung, no water unlock screen, no S Pen app or other Samsung app. Case size like same as Samsung Note, but no Samsung on front and peel off label on back. Seller TechWorld101 only sent RNA label for me to return, but no return shipping label, there's a loss and that's not my fault to pay for it. I'll take more pictures to show that's not from Samsung, and take video to pack for return, wish I can get full refund. I purchased a lot of good stuff from Amazon, but can't trust to buy phone again.

This phone surpassed my expectations for the first week I've had it.  It's bigger than any phone I've ever had but not too cumbersome,  especially if you use a headset to make calls.  I won't go into all the specs (those have been covered already), but this a great phone.

Excelent price/performance. My wife (I bought it for her) loves it!! Almost replaced her tablet and uses mostly this phone and her laptop.

I've had my galaxy note 2 unlocked international version for almost 2 months.The phone is amazing, electronics wise, but the construction makes it fragile to falls on concrete.So, essentially, the phone alone is too fragile to be used without a case.There are several you tube videos that show the drop tests with screen cracking on the first fall from a waist height.So, I've tried several cases and now ordered otterbox defender. The ionic guardian is decent but i need to carry the phone on my belt, hence the defender.Battery life is excellent: two days on moderate to heavy use. The charger charges the phone in under an hour from 0 %, maybe even just 30 min. It's very convenient, but I just charge mine off the usb port as it is better for the battery's longevity.I love this phone's screen, responsiveness, 64 gb card allows me to upload all my music and photo albums to the phone, not to mention saving offline maps, pages, using the camera freely, etc. I highly recommend getting the maximum capacity card installed.So, productivity, performance, screen quality and battery life are 5 out of 5, it's the fragility of the plastic and the exposed screen that bring my overall rating to 4 stars. I think aesthetics could be compromised a bit for durability and impact resistance.Highly recommend this phone to anyone!

First,I purchased this phone through Amazon but it was just fulfilled by them so I will not lower the rating cause I received an open box item that was already used cause it's NOT the products fault! I did end up ordering through a different venue and am VERY glad that I have this phone now... It is screaming fast and begs for attention from everyone... This is the fastest and smoothest phone I have ever owned and I am a phone junky!! I really like that they made ALL of the US variants with the same internals as well cause now we have sooo many choices and don't have to sacrifice the hardware because of the networks we are tied to... ( Galaxy S3 )  ;)  I actually wanted the International version cause it will get timely updates unlike our garbage US providers that deliver updates whenever they get around to it... I am sick of being tied to a carrier that won't let Android be ANDROID! ( Verizon ) ;) Anyways, there is not really much to say about this phone... It's a BEAST!! Nuff said!!

I love this Mobile so much as it is more than my expectation. It's features are amazing and it's speed is extremely high. Sensors are too brilliant and I enjoy it. Screen is very good and u can watch, read, write confortably. Air view using S-Pen (stylus) is pretty cool.

I am in Pittsburgh and this device could use the T-mobile HSPA+ Network. It's really fast,though LTE is not available.

This works great with my schedule, for pictures, and just using it every day as a telephone. It was worth it.

I love that phone, big~ and it very easy to use... iam not iphone fans... but differently better than Iphone..

I've been using this phone for about a week and so far I'm LOVING IT!! it soooooo different from any other phones i've used and honestly speaking i think this phone is better then Iphone..... but thats my opinion since i did use an iphone before this. The seller was greatttt and shipped on time and the phone is in perfect condition. OMG im so happy~~~ i would recommend this to ANYONE and EVERYONE! .....Well to those who don't mind big phones!

Came on time with box properly sealed. phone works great, no complaints. i love that everything was white. Headset, charger, data cable. Great battery life and it charges super fast. definitely a great phone.

The shipping was accurate I received the phone completely new with factory seals any scratch or fingerprints,  the only thing was the charger that was the European version  with the rounded plug and for the price should come with it

The phone was described as an international version GT-N7100, but most of the parts were of the korean version of E250s, hence It didn't pick most of the networks as the 7100 should. Seller was stubborn, and insist that I didn't know what I was talking about. I work in IT, and have repair a bunch of computers,phones, iPads, etc all over the years. an 7100 should pick these frequencies: GSM (2G): 850/900/1800/1900, UMTS (3G) HSDPA 850 / 900 / 1900 / 2100, the korean version only supported HSDPA on 1900/2100.. so It didn't work with the carriers I use 850/900. Beware and double check the version of the phones you intend to buy before you do it.

The phone works very well, the sound, video and pen are all in good state. The user manual is not in my language, but I didn't ask for that though, and it's fine without the manual.

What I can say? Excellent condition, very well protected. I really love it, it's amazing how you discover something new and different every day.

it is not a original phone it is a chinnese copy, dot buy this phone, you can't use this phone anywhere on the world

The phone hardware, operating system, and over all experience is fantastic. Very little upsets me, which I'll go ahead and tell you it isn't even worth noting here. The only reason I do not give 5 stars is because the charger that was included appears to have a short where it only charges the phone if it's improperly inserted to the wall. I'm in the U.S. and the phone appears to be from the U.K. US customer support could not help me replace the charger with a US-version due to hardware technicalities. I told them my cellular provider would charge me many times the value of going to a local store and buying another out of pocket instead of dialing to the UK where I'm entitled to one. They wouldn't connect me. Anyhow I left it at that. Great phone, fast shipping. Good seller.

if you are looking for a power house phone go and grab it. its a amazing phone. 100 out of 100 pts.

Have no problems with this phone whatsoever. It handles anything you throws at it. Samsung best so far. Good buy!

This phone/tablet is AMAZING! It can do dang near anything..including hand written texts, office docs, memos, I can't even BEGIN to describe it! And buying unlocked is QUICKLY paying for itself! My Family Mobile plan...totally unlimited...is only $40 month! This phone is WELL WORTH IT and then some!!

The product was exactly as described. I wish it had the american plugs for an outlet not the european model, and i ordered a white one but they didnt actually have them so they contacted me and offered a grey one shipped asap. so i took it, I was in a  bind.

Perfect !it is very fast and smart .the battery life is great. The screen size is perfect for me. Love It !

This was the second and last time I bought anything from the company BREED. They do not check if their phones are indeed unlocked or work. This international phone does not work in the US.

Took me a while to let go of my Motorola Droid because I was so attached to the slide-out keyboard.  But the Note 2 piqued my interest with it's big screen and better performance. The Note 2 is so fast that I hardly use my Samsung Galaxy tablet now. The size of the Note 2 is perfect for watching videos too. I find myself spending an inordinate amount of time watching youtube nowadays. 2GB of RAM makes a huge difference.

Allows me do everything i want to do. I am very happy with my purchase and recomend this phone to everyone

Big screenGoogle MapFastest cpu. If you are looking for a smart phone this is the one you should buy.

Well, that's what my wife said to me when I gave it to her! I also have one and I have to say... I LOVE IT! LOVE IT! LOVE IT! =&#62;

I really loved being an iphone user and have always respected both apple and android for their efforts in bringing us the best choice possible in technology. I decided to make the jump when I found out that the new iphone wouldn't be changing the screen size proportionally. Oh Apple, why did you think lengthening the screen without widening it was a good idea?So I decided to make the jump to android after realizing my want for a bigger screen couldn't be satisfied anymore staying with the iphone. The iphone is still great, still my top choice for usability, android is catching up tho.This phone is awesome for the screen size. I love it, even tho I have a Nexus 4 and put this one aside for a bit I'm back to using it full time. I can't explain how odd it is going from this to a smaller sized screen. It's just weird.My only complaint is this and really any phone that isn't a google phone will take ages for the manufacturers to update. I think they could do much better especially with their flagship devices. I guess that's what the custom rom scene is great for....

No doubt way better than the iPhone.never gets dull.i have no regrets changing from iOS to android.love the screen size.u get more real estate plus the ability to customize ur Samsung phone.the apps are great too.and since I have the international version I am planning to use this phone when I travel abroad,which I do a lot during the year.eye catcher.and it's not really that hard to carry and use.the s pen is also a plus.simply enjoyed using it.had no problems at all.and yes apple..size does matter.lol.i have a feeling apple will start making these 5 inch screen phones too.wtg Samsung.

If you live in the USA DON NOT buy this phone, it has been a major pain in the A$$ and it is only a 3G phone!

Hello this is not a review but i need your help, i bought this and now i am afraid that i wont be new and if will work here in venezuela, please help me (forgive my english), thaks!

perfect, I like it! I want to buy other one. I bought Note 2 White, it look very beautiful ! it from factory Samsung.

I have had it for a week and just about to give up using my iPad. The only problem is its use of a MICRO SIM. I chose to use a MVNO (PTEL.COM) they send ONLY a MINI SIM.  Finding a way to cut to size was a problem. (Problem of my own making not the Note2.)

I purchased the device about 2 weeks ago. I received the box with no seals from the sides. So without braking anything I was able to open the box. I was able to see some finger prints from the back side of the phone. I called the seller and asked what to do. A gentleman told me I should return the device. I did not wanted to return it. I was thinking, these sings might be because of costums in usa. Usually officers are checking few devices randomly and I was thinking my device is one of them. I decided to keep it few more days. If there is no problem, I would not return. If I return, they will not able to sell the device in new condition again. 3 days ago I noticed g sensor is not working properly. I will return this item asap.Customer service of seller was very helpful. I will buy one more(I did not have a chance to exchange)Note: there is no 4g for tmobile. It does not support 1700 2100 freqs.Tmobile was using 1700 2100 for their networks. They changed some of them to 1900 2100 (like international and att freqs.) If 3g is enough , you will not find a better phone.Note2: there is no US warranty on this device. Amazon told me there is a year warranty,  but I checked with samsung, they told, there is no us warranty because of importer is not samsung and version is not us version.

Love this phone and its great performance!Jelly Bean is amazing and also the S pen!!Delivering speed is fast,too!Five star, no doubt!

I have a gsm and a cdma version. Love them both. They have had not a single bug or reset. Great trade up from iphone4s and never going back

This product was shipped to me internationaly and worked for three weeks after that wouldnt even turn on supposedly buyers only allow 2 week return policy so now i have a $500 paperweight since it was deemed irrepairable.Telephone repair experts said that it had been wet and didnt even have the little white sticker on that indicates when its wet.

Love this phone. I felt it was a little big initially, but got used to it. You wont like using a different phone after this. I bought this phone from amazon which i recommend.

ME LLEGO EL PEDIDO A TIEMPO, COMPLETO Y EN BUENAS CONDICIONES LO RECOMIENDO NO HE VISTO NINGUNO TAN COMPLETO COMO ESTE

I bought this when it came out. I liked the phone but after it stopped working i was not able to do anything. I contacted Amazon, the seller, nothing.I contacted Samsung US because i live in US, they did not do anything because it is international model manufactured in England or India. They gave me phone # to call after many phone calls. India number was very weird so I contacted Samsung UK. People were very nice but deflected me to some web site UK and said they do not accept packages from abroad. So i sent it to my mom in EU. She send it then to UK. And even though Samsung's manufacturers warranty is 2 years they did not fix my phone! Even though it was less than 1 year old. Anyways they all toss it around like a hot potato. I thought it is Samsung - meaning every official Samsung branch  i take it to should take my phone and fix it even if they have to ship it to China! What is manufacturer's warranty? Nothing?

I just recently purchased this phone and all I can say is wow! I am never bored with it and I cant seem to put it down. there is no end to its functionality. I never played games on any of my previous devices but now the large screen makes me enjoy playing games(currently addicted to CK Zombies). It is also good for viewing and editing documents, you would have to download Polaris from the Samsung store or any other document viewing app you prefer.

So far, the best Phablet or small tablet-phone to date. This year, will se all new stuff similar to the Note 2, thanks to this succesfull gadget. I'm very happy with it. Fast, accurate, impressive battery life, and well constructed phone.

It works on Tmobile USA prepaid network. My previous phone is a blackberry and this is my first android. A great platform with lots of customization possible. Love the quart-core processor. Browsing on the web is seamless. Love the alarm functions, calender, organizer, apps and lots more. The phone is large and does not fit all pockets my clothes. I use it for almost everything but call. If you talk a lot on the phone this may be too large for smaller hands (gets uncomfortable if you have to grip it for too long one handed). May not be a phone for everyone but sure is great for me so far.

I chose this rating because my wife absolutly loves this phone. After setting it up for her I almost wanted to get one for myself.

Most of the phones are refurbished and has something wrong but hidden . It appear after short time but you can not return it after 30 days. I suffered in returning a lot although it was within the first week. The seller has slow and poor response, I called amazon three times and disputed by my credit. Pay some more and by it from store at least you know it is knew and you can return it or fix it in the store. Sacrifice some money and Stay  away of deception and a lot of headache

Good Battery life,Great Screen resolution and vivid, sharp color.The best ---- FAST performance speed. S-NOTE is great for jot down words needed, especially during the phone calls

that was disappointing except that everything else was good.International phones does not support 3G/4g/LTE speed in USA which is disappointing. I brought from Amazon only because I was not getting while color anywhere in USA. After 4 weeks in use my phone does not work with any wireless network. Tried resetting 2 times with a huge waste in time and effort. Wish I would have gone for Apple iphone 5.

This Is the most powerful phone on the market.  Quad Core and 2 GB of Ram this is more of a tablet then a phone.  And, because it's Android/google you know you'll have all the great google apps you love for free.  Apple notoriously nickel and dimes you for everything.  The 5.5" screen size is awesome yet still small enough to fit in your pocket.  The screen is made of gorilla glass so you don't need a screen protector.  I do recommend a case though.  The cases made Samsung are very stylish and offer adequate protection while minimizing adding any bulk to the device.  I just got an iPad mini and now I can't decide whether to use my iPad mini or my phone to play in the digital world.To summarize, if you want the best phone available and the most power while only being slightly larger than any other phone then this is the phone for you!

Wonderful: I am enjoying using my Galaxy Note II. All my information is stored in my drop box and can be accessed by my MacBookPro at anytime. I can send and receive picture messages. All I need is my Galaxy Note II and I have everything I need.

The best decision ever! I love my phone.  The supplier delivered on time. The only downlow was the fact that I had to be at the house to receive it. It went back twice. . Other than that I extremely happy.  Thank you

If you can deal with the size, this phone is the best out there.Great screen, super fast and responsive.

its great i love the apps the speed of the the phone this device it good for a person like me Tech

I am an iPhone convert thank to this one. The shackles have been lifted and android is great. The phone is big and if you are good with that - then you found your ideal mobilish companion. Got it with Polish as the default language (I guess the International version) and customized it to my needs. Great machine.

I've owned HTC phone, Nokias, iphones and most recently I owned an SIII, but the screen seemed to always get in the way of a great handheld experience. The Note 2 fulfills my requirements and surpasses a lot of my expectations. There is no lag to speak of when switching between apps, it runs smoothly and fluidly. I have run graphic intensive applications on here and the phone doesn't get that hot either. The battery is nice and big and the power management is pretty awesome. I have to charge this phone once every 24 hours after watching over an hour of video and listening to music and web browsing and facebooking.This may only be true of the international unlocked version though which is no inundated with the carrier bloatware that they force to run in the background to monitor activity.

Not to complain. Really the better phone I got already!I did even some reviews on Youtube... but there are many there!

This is an awesome piece of hardware.  I've had it for a week. It's quick, responsive, the screen is AWESOME. I do have one nit that caused me to give it a 3 instead of a 5: Volume is on the left, and on-off is on the right.  Their unique placement means that if you're naturally gripping the phone and try to turn up the volume, you'll also lock the phone. And vice versa.  I'm finding this extremely frustrating and am going to try to disable one or the other buttons.

Ok they call it a phone, but it is a pocket computer, really. I mostly use web browse, email, skype, and work photos on the screen, listen to the radio, play music and watch a little bit of video and so on. The size makes all this so easy, I think the size is perfect for a pocket-computer that also has a phone in it. To be honest, phone conversations are probably 2% of the use on my little marvel ;-)The iPhone is just to small for me and the iPad is way to big. IPad mini (copied the Galaxy Tab) doesn't fit in your pocket but this Note II sure does fit ok  in mine, without a problem. I do have big pockets, yes, ok.And since I like to read longer articles, the iphone just didn't cut it beyond a paragraph. This screen size is just perfect for on the go reading. It gives you about half the reading surface of a kindle. Reading a book I'd recommend the Samsung 800, Kindle or a mini iPad, both perfect reading sizes. But for shorter reading periods such as an 8-15 page article, this will do great on the go.Pros: Great screen size for a pocket computer. Makes everything so much easier than on the iPhone.Cons: Teflon-like body. I did drop it and break the screen because it slipped out of my hands as I was carrying several things. Its not teflon but that's how I think of it. Be careful. The screen is fragile.Camera is ok, but not great. the iPhone camera is a better quality. But I always carry around a small real camera anyway. You know, in my other pocket.This phone is on the big side for my runs. I think the iPhone is a bit large for that as well, but easier to hold.There are a lot of things you can push and I had to get used to not pressing something erroneously. But a minor quibble.And yes I am over forty years of age. Size matters, as they say in Texas.In short, can't speak for everyone but I like it a lot!

Best phone ever. I have used iphone, Nexus, Blackberry and now Note 2.. This is a holy phone.PS: Not for small hands..

This is one of Samsung's incredible cellphones. I'm having my S4 in a few weeks too, hope it is amazing as this one.

I am very pleased with the purchase. It came with the original box including the accessories. It arrived on time as well.

I would suggest some sort of tutorial to come with the phone.  There is a lot to know as the phone can do almost anything.  Love it!  This will replace my phone and travelling with the laptop-a word to the wise when you go to set up your phone with your carrier as the phone takes a micro sim card and not all carriers have them

It arrived promptly .I love it but in Aussie ,it has limitations.I am just concerned that one has to go online to learn how to use the product as no manual was included.

I received the charging cable for the phone, thanks

This is a big phone.  But makes up for its bulk with its functionality.  Android makes it very user friendly. I love it!!

there's no sim for this phone . don't buy it . I bought 1 . Sent home for my brother [ viet nam ] . he can not use it over there . because , no  sim

the headphone jack craped out after one month after regular use. way to cheap for a phone this price.Good luck getting it fixed. May take a month they say.Audio is a major part of a smart phone, for 700 dollars they could build it a bit better.

This phone is great but sellers are misleading or not informing you that this phones WILL not work on US LTE networkscurrentlyAT and T uses frequency 700/1700 Bands 4/17 AWST-Mobile uses frequency 1700/1900 Band 4/25 AWSMetroPCS uses frequency 1700/1900 Bands 4/25 AWSEdit 05/28/2013T-Mobile started their At&T; compatible 3G service,my At&T; out of contract iPhone 4 works on 3G using a T-Mobile simearlier -till end of April-it worked only on EDGEso this phone should work on 3G on At&T; and T-Mobilestill it wont work on LTEso in a nutshell, if you are ok with 3G service? this phone is ok on both GSM networks in USA I don't get this coverage in my area and cant even get online if not at home and now (world wide distributors) is giving me a hassle to send it back for a refund. also the phone service i paid for to get 4g is wasting away till i can get the correct phone to run on the LTE/4G bands that are the only available in my area WORLDWIDE DISTRIBUTORS also kept 92 dollars of my refund I will be getting the 4g/lte version from SHOPEBEST for 10 dollars more

I bought this (new) in the U.S. from FGS Trading (based in Miami) through Amazon. It stopped working (won't turn on)9 months after purchase & FGS Trading & Samsung can not help advise on how to get it repaired. It is under warranty, but Samsung U.S. says they can not help with it's repair or replacement & FGS Trading is offering no assistance even though it sold the product.

I wanted to get the phone unlocked for obvious reasons, but there are a few things I didn't know. For one, it doesn't come with US hardware, like the USB charger is a European model. There is no warranty either, I contact Amazon, they told me to contact where I got it, I think they said World Wide dist., they were short and terse with me. They couldn't tell me how I can register this phone. What's worse is that Samsung doesn't support it either - they made the phone. You can't ask questions because the number n7100 isn't a choice. So that's a big problem right there.I installed a Sandisk class 10 64gb micro sd card, it had the android on the cover. The phone knows it's there, yet there is no install to SD option anywhere on the phone, and most programs don't know from it. Some know it's there, some don't, some backup programs know it's there and can use it. But for the most part it's useless, and I can't find anyone in Samsung that will answer that simple question. I don't want to root the phone, because I don't want to take the chance messing it up. I'm hoping it's a glitch, 4.1.2 is rumored to come out at the end of January, maybe that will be fixed by then.That's why it's a 3.However that aside, it's a great phone. Fast, GPS locks on in seconds (though a little too often since it writes home to google each time you connect). Plenty of apps to get. I found it odd that even though I'm plugged into the USB, that the battery will drain. And the computer won't sync up with it, instead I have to rely on the wifi working.The pen feature is kind of dumb. Mostly it's the software, Samsung made the software and it doesn't flow like the system does. Like you can't drag and drop a file, you have to select by holding down, then move, then click the folder, then select move again, it's kind of tedious. The pen is also really hard to hold onto and that button is a joke, unless you have tiny hands.The size of the thing is rather large, and it's very slippery. Even with a case on it, it slid out of my pocket twice. If you plan on putting it in your pocket, and I place the glass side against my leg, choose a case that is sticky. When the otter box comes here and if it's less then retail I'll buy that. The instructions are terrible though it does come with a help app. The instructions that came with the phone was in 5 languages but not English, but you can download the full version online anyway, and the booklet was mostly for that pen.Everything about the phone is google oriented, and while I'm not totally certain, I think my search results for a map ended up in the google now that's installed. The talking features of the phone work well, they understand most things what I say, I just wish I could teach it my name. The spoken by it works well. The map functions is more than great because you can download 10 miles at a time, though the resolution drops the further away you get. But the maps are huge. But when offline you can browse these as if you were online and get spoken turn by turn instructions. If your online you can choose other routes to avoid traffic. There is a siri like thing on this device that I have yet to figure out. So far everything I asked has been totally ignored. Frankly I don't know what it's even for. I guess it's another gimmick to compete with apple.Graphics are fantastic, bold bright and pretty even. Strong contrast, you'll lose a little detail in the shadows, but everything else looks wonderful. There is a built in updater that will check and install any updates you programs might need. The info is in the notification box. The flash for the camera is a LED, pretty bright and can be used as a flashlight, so that's pretty neat. Oh you might want to get a better USB, I find that it's too short and seems to always pull out, along with that - you'll need the charger for your outlet, if you don't already have one.

The title says it all. This is simply an amazing phone. If you have medium sized or large hands it is not at all to big.I am not going to repeat all the other reviews: It is simply an amazing phone!

First of all, if you are the type of guy that wears tight pants&#8230;This phone is not for you.Women won&#8217;t have a problem like a lot of people think, cause most of the time they have their phones in a bag! If you are a creative and artistic producer, director, photographer even screenwriters, this phablet (phone/tablet) is definitely for you. Some Key Features are:&#8226; Quad-band GSM and quad-band 3G with 21 Mbps HSDPA and 5.76 Mbps HSUPA supportThe international version comes with 3G but NOT LTE keep this in mind if you want some LTE speed.&#8226; 5.5&#34; 16M-color Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen of HD (720 x 1280 pixel) resolutionThe screen is vibrant and vivid, and in the setting you can either change it for normal or movie, under normal preset you&#8217;ll get a lot more battery life though.&#8226; Android OS v4.1 with TouchWiz launcherOf course the android version at the time of release was Jelly Bean 4.1, but Samsung is already prepping an upgrade to 4.2.2, when you first connect your phone to kies or a wireless router you be prompted to update, this will take you to version 4.1.2 for the time being.&#8226; 1.6 GHz quad-core Cortex-A9 CPU, Mali-400MP GPU, 2GB of RAM, Exynos 4412 Quad chipsetCurrently one of the fastest CPU&#8217;s around, I noticed no glitches or crashes for the 2 months test period I ran the Note II trough. The TouchWiz of Samsung runs fluently with the android OS and even with a full HD Live Wallpaper it kept performing at its best.&#8226; S Pen active stylus with deep system integrationThe S-Pen is a piece of art. The best touch pen you&#8217;ll find out there, the precision is awesome, and customization in S-Note is endless, Its does everything you need for taking notes, changing color with the press of a button, changing letter types when using the curser. Inserting bullets and number.It&#8217;s like having your own personal touch proof Microsoft office. With the S-pen you can also do the famous AirView. By simply hovering over the text and date on your calendar you can preview what is actually on the specific date. But also in the photo/video gallery you can preview what&#8217;s in a folder or view the video without having to open it.&#8226; 8 MP wide-angle lens autofocus camera with LED flash, face, smile and blink detectionThe camera has a lot of features with AF and a bunch of other options you can take pictures that would leave professional photographers stunned, from night view till panorama, I would just take a day off and go take some pictures you&#8217;ll se that like the S-Pen the camera also have some hidden secrets.&#8226; 1080p HD video recording at 30fpsHD recording like the HD pictures doesn&#8217;t stay behind, there is 120fps, for high speed recording if you want to add some slow motion effect to your video, but there is also in recording zooming, so you&#8217;ll never have to stop and start again.Of course there are a lot more cool features in the galaxy like:&#8226; 16/32GB internal storage, microSD slot&#8226; Dual-band Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n support&#8226; GPS with A-GPS connectivity; GLONASS support, Digital compass&#8226; NFC support&#8226; Stereo Bluetooth v4.0&#8226; microUSB port with USB host and TV-out (1080p) support, MHL, charging&#8226; Accelerometer, gyroscope and proximity sensor&#8226; Standard 3.5 mm audio jack&#8226; Great audio quality&#8226; Slim at only 9.4mm&#8226; 1.9MP secondary video-call camera&#8226; Document editor and file manager comes preinstalled&#8226; Extremely rich video and audio codec support&#8226; Huge 3100 mAh battery can give up to 16 hours of regular day use (Tested)But there are also some drawbacks like:&#8226; Large size makes single-hand operation problematic&#8226; No dedicated camera key&#8226; All plastic construction (would have probably weighed a ton otherwise, though)&#8226; No FM radio (the N7100 has one)And of course, only the international version has FM radio capability.

All its good for is to answer the phone and even that's a problem, but all the things a real note 2 is advertised to do, it wontRam is only 512 megs, no S pen ,I went  to galaxy store to try S Pen it didn't work. Even the box it came in says the specs.on the box says one thing, however, you look in your settings at internal memory and ram and you'll see it doesn't match.I couldn't even send it back, the address he gave me the Post Master said was not valid and therefore could not send it back.I am very very dissatisfied.

I JUS LOVE IY!!!! IT IS THE BEST MOBILE (PHABLET) I EVER HAD!!! IT HAS A VERY GOOD CAMERA WITH GOOD RESOLUTIONS ON PICTURES.

When I brought this phone I though it was the top of the line, however they hate to mention that it only gets 3g Im so mad. Now they have the 4LTE new model.Now the wifi is great I love all the features that the only set back buy the new Note 2 with 4LTE

Great device, unfortunately has old OS 4.1 and not the new 4.2.2 my wife love it as a gift replaced the iPhone and iPad, only one device

The moment i took out the Galaxy Note 2 out of the box,, I was like WOWItem comes with Android JellyBean Ver 4.1.1 and Is as fast as hellSAMSUNG call it creation...I call it PERFECTION

This phone is awesome and I love the things you can do with the s pen. Perfect for detail oriented people.

This phone is simply good. My ONLY reservation about this product is it came with a Romanian manual. Therefore, it's bit perplexing initially. However, there is an option for English during the phone setup. So it's fine in the end. Thank you.

My wife loves it, the delivery was fast, the only problem is that the ring volume automatically lowers itself so if my wife is not paying attention se will miss calls other than that she love it

Before I start my review let me remind you that this is the GSM version meaning it will work on AT&T;, T-Mobile (no 3g support), and Straight-talk here in the United States.  This is NOT the LTE Version of the phone so LTE will not work.  Also, the international version can come from different countries.  I ordered for World Wide Distributors and I can tell you that mine is an unbranded Argentina version.  I did not want to wait for the AT&T; version since LTE is not available in my area yet.  Plus, AT&T; is known for taking forever to approve Android O/S updates.Now on with my review.Phone Setup: I took my phone to AT&T; they scanned the barcode and put in a new micro-sim.  Everything worked great without manually putting in any settings except for visual voicemail.  You can download the AT&T; Visual Voicemail app and even with AT&T; Support I could not get it running.  I instead installed YouMail which I find to be better anyways.  The data speeds will be HSPA+ on AT&T; which for my small town that means speeds of 2.5MB/s.  I also wanted to add that wifi hotspot works fine with AT&T.;Calling:  At-First it was awkward speaking on the phone.  I didn't know where the phone should be in relation to my ear, but after a couple of hours playing with it I now have the hang of it.  The phone call quality is average and i get average reception.TecTiles: These little devices require you to go in your settings and enable NFC.  Then you can go into the play store and download the TecTile App.  You can then program these tectiles and place them where you need.  I use four right now, (two near the door for entering/leaving, one in the car, and one near the nightstand).  These TecTiles are amazing and with one little bump I can put my phone on silent/vibration off/open clock before i go to bed or turn my Bluetooth on and open spotify while i am in the car.Flip Cover: The phone does not come with it, but i decided to buy one.  The flip cover works great (if you can find them in stock).  They automatically turn the phone on as you open the cover.  Plus the phone will automatically turn off when you close it.  Plus the phone has a feature where it won't turn off the screen if the camera detects you looking at the screen.  Make sure you get an official Samsung Flip cover since the NFC Antenna is built-into the phone's cover...Camera: It works great. The video recording works great too.Music: I use spotify and I must say this phone is plenty loud on speaker mode and it works great over bluetooth to my car dvd player.Screen:  This is probably the reason you bought it and it looks gorgeous!  Facebook looks amazing, as does angry birds and other games.Keyboard:  I just wanted to add that the keyboard does not do auto-correcting up to my standards so i switched to swiftkey.  While doing this I lost some s-pen functionality such as the pad to write on for text messages.S-Pen:  For now the s-pen also does not highlight text on facebook or chrome but that may be added later. I also found the help section in settings which explained the shortcuts for thes-pen.  There are short-cuts for accessing the menu, going back, opening a s-pen app that will allow you to type to do more functions, and capture screenshots.  As of 11-12-12 there is no shortcut for going back to the home screen so you have to hit the button to go back to the home screen (or you could type the back shortcut several times).  The s-pen is helpful especially when precise movements is critical.  Draw Something is easier now! There is also a feature to alert you if you walk off without redocking the s-pen.LED Notifications:  There is a blue/red led that blinks alerting you of text messages or emails.  This can be turned off (thank goodness) for when you go to bed, etc.  It also turns red when charging and turns green when finished.Battery Life: Absolutely amazing.  I am ending the day with 40% left which almost makes me want to try and go two days.SD Card: I added a micro-sd 32GB card.  It read it fine without formatting. I bought a Sandisk Ultra Micro-SD Class U-1 aka Class 10.Widgets:  Samsung/Google added some free basic widgets.  The calendar widget takes up a whole screen that merges all of my calendars (work/school/personal) into one calendar for me.Find your phone:  Registering with Samsung allows you to sign-up for a find your phone feature that can supposedly find your phone even it is factory formatted and even if a new sim-card is placed in the device.  There are also some other security abilities such as remote-wiping too that samsung has added.Facebook: The phone syncs with existing FB contacts and all contacts if you want.  It also sync my calendar and FB photos show up in my gallery!  The facebook integration is very well done.Gmail: There is no zooming in gmail still but supposedly the next update will fix this.  Gmail works as normal and comes pre-installed.Chrome: It comes pre-installed but is not set by default.  I love this app and the incognito browsing is nice.  I also like syncing my bookmarks with my laptop.Dropbox: The phone comes with a 50GB/2 year offer.  That means dropbox will be free for the next two years with a 50gb option. I am currently using it for syncing photos only. My offer didn't automatically take effect upon sign-up for 50GB of storage until I installed the program on my laptop then they e-mailed me a link to complete the 50GB offer!Overall Use:  It works great. I love the S-Pen functionality when texting (you can write out your texts) but I will have to learn all the "shortcuts" soon.  I also enjoy the speech to text features as well.  I LOVE this phone.  The quad-core processor puts it over the top in speed as well.  This phone does NOT lag and everything runs smooth.  Overall i love this phone.  The only cons for the "international version" is that there is NO LTE, the stock keyboard sucks (but should get better when the next update rolls out), my voicemail didn't work (which was fixed with a 3rd part program called YouMail, and you can't remove the Samsung Chat program which no one uses...

if you live in USA be careful as it comes with European plu. cords are not expensive and can be bought anywhere

This phone is utterly amazing...It's wonderful. I have waited for so long for the note 2 and I finally have it in my hands

Satisfao total, recebi dentro do prazo, com condies perfeitas de embalagem. Estou amando o celular, funcionando plenamente inclusive com operadoras do Brasil

Excellent 'phoneblet'. Does everything you will need in a phone, and a tablet, given the size and easy portability, compared to carrying a tablet around.

This is the first review I've ever done on any product and I am writing this to warn others that Samsung does not honor their warranty on unlocked phones. Last December I purchased an unlocked Samsung Galaxy Note II from Amazon through Worldwide Distributors. The phone worked fine for 9 months up until September. Then without warning, the phone simply died. It was not the battery and the phone was never dropped, nor exposed to water nor any other hazards. There was not even a scratch on the phone. It was completely dead with no lights or sounds and it was not the battery. Worldwide Distributors won't help you after 90 days so I contacted Samsung. After first being directed to Samsung U.S. in Texas, who told me that it was a Latin American version so they couldn't help me, they directed me to Samsung in Panama, who told me that it was actually a U.K. version. Samsung U.K. was also of absolutely no help. Bottom line, I paid $642.00 for a brand new phone that Samsung refuses to even look at, will not repair, not exchange nor refund even though the product is still under warranty even as I write this. I have had several hours of conversations and numerous emails including with various managers and even contacted Samsung corporate who all refused to help saying that it was "not economically viable" to repair, refund or replace their defective product. I will never buy another Samsung product ever again and write this review solely as a warning to others that if you buy an unlocked version of a Samsung phone, they will not honor their warranty if the phone should fail and you will essentially be throwing your money away. Feel free to contact me if you wish.

samsung got a winer phone here good work samsung i love it it rocks like google rocks it like a computer

I had the original Note before but this one takes the cake.Pros:Excellent speedVery clear conversations on phone, the loudspeaker & using Bluetooth headsetBattery life is more than what I expected (2 to 3 days)Fits nicely in handCons:Cannot move apps to external SD cardGreat buy, definitely worth every penny.
