
VERY GOOD PRODUCT WORKS WELL, HAS ALL ITS ACCESSORIES, TELEPHONE FULL MY EXPECTATIONS, SO USE WITH VERY GOOD RUNNING LINE MOVISTAR 100% SATISFIED

I bought iPhone 6 months ago. They gave fake charger that was not working so I bought new charger. The real problem was phone. It was okay for 6 months but a week ago it started to shut off constantly every 5 minutes and now it stop working. So, I have to buy new phone again! This is ridiculous!

the phone already had power and cable above USBE was damaged, the camera team totalmete not optimal and has many details.

Needed A New Phone To Replace My old Phone And Service It Was Great Getting This And Being Able To Select Any Service Since It Was Unlocked

The service is excelent, the assistance from the operators  on the online chat was very helfull and they solve all my problems, I bought from Argentina with an International credit card and every thing was just on time.

I could not use this phone becuase it is not unlocked. I tried to use it in USA and in Colombia and it did not worked with SIM cards from several providers. I ask to get my money back.

The phone is great and in good shape but the cable didn't work properly so I had to buy a new one to recharge the phone. Each time I plugged the phone into recharge I got a message that said &#34;this accessory is not supported&#34;. Once I replaced the cable there were no more messages.

Loooove it! A little too expensive because there's not much difference with the 4s, but totally awesome how thin is it! The battery life is much better :)Thanks!

Sorry to say but I cannot review this item which is the iPhone 5 I ordered and which was suppose to be unlocked. When I received the phone it appeared to be locked. I've already tried getting it unlocked but with no success and is very disappointed. It appears that I have to pay additional cost to get it unlocked.

I live in Colombia and I bought the iPhone in Amazon because it was cheaper and I had the opportunity to import it to here. When the phone arrives it turned on, the apple logo appeared and then it disappeared and that was it. It asked me to do a recovery on iTunes but it never worked, it stuck on "Waiting for iPhone". When you buy such an expensive device from such a prestigious company, you just think it's gonna work fine. So.... s*** happens!

Nice phone, i like it..Phone came in good condition and working good.Looks good and performs good...It is really good...

We have a number of phones in my company. and this may have prompted Verizon to give me an iPhone 5.  I was pretty excited about it at first, because it was so much smaller and easier to pack than my Samsung 3-G.  But having had to put up with the nightmares of apples "security measures", I am going back to my old S-3.  A friend of mine bought a Samsung-4, and it was a piece of junk, and after failing to make it work properly for about six months, the company finally admitted it would never be right.  So it's back to the old Samsung S-3 for me, (although my old Casio Ravine was the best phone I ever had.)  If you want to put up with Apple's BS, an i-5 is easier to carry, but you are going to spend a lot of time trying to satisfy their password difficulties and their unfriendly user procedures, and you will probably find yourself locked out of various functions like I am a lot. They try to channel everything through iCloud and iTunes and they are something that sure does not work well for me. I make mu own ring-tones for my S-3, but that is not allowed with the Apple, because you have to BUY them if you don't want to use the crummy ones in the phone itself. The phone keeps losing its password, and trying to get a new one is a real challenge because their communication is so slow and misleading. I have at this time, been waiting for four days, and that is after their site assured me they were sending me a new one by email!  So it is not the phone as much as the company and their policies that makes me give it just two stars.  In their defense, my wife has an iPod that she loves, and it works great. But God help her if she ever needs help, because she won't get much out of Apple!  Their information and help is so bad that they actually send you to a public chat room to get answers! If you think having to call India to get answers on a product is bad, try having to get it from a public chat room!

it was in the expected conditions. thanks for the phone. They are responsable people. The only claimb i have is that i thought charger was include

Let me start by saying that I'm not a techno geek. I use my iphone for work and convenience.  I've read comments about Apple wanting to force you to pay more for stuff like recharges. Just look at Amazon. Great prices!  I use this phone for a couple of reasons.  It is smooth and easy to deal with, unlike my older htc. I don't have problems, my battery seems to last great, it looks and feels good.  Another reason is that at least some of the iphone is made/designed in the United states and Apple is currently planning on building a manufacturing plant here. In our times, when technology is taking jobs, when corporations aren't hiring even though making gains, it doesn't make sense to buy something made completely elsewhere. Especially when there isn't a technology superiority. Even though I just use the phone and not understand how it works I know this because the likes of Samsung, etc., wouldn't be comparing to Apple if it wasn't true, now would they?

Hey if anyone wants a free iphone 5 go to Referral Link: [...]and complete an offer and refer a couple people and you will get a free iphone and its real.

Met the expectations

The phone's was badly scratched! There are many scratches on the screen and all around. It is not &#34;like new&#34; as described!

I tested this phone early april and its feature is pretty good as compare to my old iphone 3gs. I will soon buy a new smartphone but may consider buying the Samsung galaxy s4 due to its bigger screen. If apple came out with a bigger screen version like 5 inch same as Samsung galaxy S4, I will buy it instead of Samsung galaxy s4. I have ipad 4 so I can still use my apps. I may maintain my old iphone 3gs as navigational device and for some of the apps just in case I decided to buy Samsung galaxy s4.

THE WORST BUY IN ALL HISTORY OF MY LIFE... THE PHONE WAS USED AND DAMAGED, AND THE SELLER WRITE IN HIS AD, THAT THIS IPHONE 5 UNLOCKED WAS NEW, BUT IS NOT TRUE, I DONT RECOMENDED THIS SELLER AND THIS PRODUCT, BECAUSE IS NOT TRUE THE DESCRIPTION!!!IPHONE USED, NOT NEW... WARNING!!!!

This was bought fraudlanlty on my account but Amazon was wonderful with helping me return the product, refund my money and report to my credit card company. I do have an iphone 5 and it is ok, but not the best apple has done.

He said the phone was in good shape and it was....  no complaints about that ..... just the power cord was bad.

I chose the cell phone Iphone 5 for having previously used the iPhone 4S, which I considered very useful phone for its diverse and innovative applications.

I think I'm getting OBSESSED, I LOVE the iPhone 5 and definitely one of the best choices I've ever done with a phone.

I'm buying an Iphone 5 used, how it is? This worked perfect?You can turn me on Jan. 11 in NY?The value is $ 410.00?Thank you

Sorry for the late feedback, but thank you so much. Awesome seller, the phone came in so fast and whenever I need another one I'm coming to you first. Thanks you some, 5 stars, and the phone is great i love it, no scratches.

This IPhone 5 16GB is actually my portable pc.. I  can do everything in my hand and the price was average

This new apple Iphone is really faster than the others. Only this feature was enough for me to consider to by this onde ;-)

Fantastic support. everithing fine!

Very pleased at my decision to purchase the Iphone 5 it does everything that I need and then some it's as if I am a walking office.  I am able to keep up with work and personal emails, FB Instagram and Twitter.  On Downtime I can watch the news or just regular TV.  It came in very handy one evening when I was in the emergency room with someone.  I was able to pass time by playing games and watching TV.  I recommend, you will never leave home without it!

This is my third Iphone, I am very accostumed to theese cell phones, I recomend it, the Apple store and Iclouds are very good.

Well what to say for a phone that proved itself many times on many basis..Its an iPhone..If you want to buy one dont even think a second!!!!

iPhone works perfectly as it says. Only thing is that it had a few nicks on the back - definitely used heavily before.

excellent seller, I recommend 100 %. very good product.The A1428 model iPhone 5 is the Canadian and US AT&T; network GSM iPhone, including broad support for UMTS/HSPA+DC-HSDPA (frequencies 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz), GSM/EDGE (frequencies 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz), and LTE bands 4 and 17.

Hello my name is C&eacute;sar im from Venezuela.This is the best smartphone ever made since steve jobs leaved this world i know god has him right next to him.I have a question and i hope you can answer me.Does this iphone works with MOVISTAR VENEZUELA?.I know that here we dont have the nano sim card yet but i can cute very well my sim card.I want to buy it but i don't know if this iphone works with MOVISTAR VENEZUELA.Please i hope you can answer me and sorry about my English.Long live to apple.

I'm giving the iPhone 5 three stars for putting real glass asthe screen cover (the part you touch to navigate.)  Using realglass shows a lack of thought in the design.I've dropped my Droid Razer on the floor without the cover withoutany problems.Dropped the iPhone once and spider web cracks.  Fortunately,the screen behind the glass works and there is no pixel damage. Soit should be a quick easy fix for the folks at ihospital.comIf you buy, purchase an Otterbox or Lifeproof case at the sametime and put it on as soon as possible.

Ahhh the next scam for the public a new advanced toy that you can speak on. I am not an advocate of paying any service provider for data plans. If you reside in NYC like myself there are so many WiFi hot spots that you do not require 4 G or whatever speed these phones provided while not online. So you sign a contract with a provider for the mighty I-phone and what do you get, a camera and video that is slightly inferior to that of the Samsung Galaxy 4 Android and a lot more inferior to the Nokia Lumia 928 windows 8 phone. You do not have apps that are truly compatible with Microsoft office. You do have a sleek design, and the "cool" phone. Now do you need any of these phones? Not to sound like a conspirator, but with these phones, it just makes it quite easy for big brother to track you with their built in GPS devices etc. Most people I see are using the phone for music and gaming and perhaps some streaming when home, (video without WiFi is just not practical). The solution to the social disease, well with this phone Apple offers something a lot more practical the I Touch 4th generation or the upcoming fifth. The device has 32 GB or 64 GB as opposed to 8 or 16. The battery lasts approximately 2 days. It has WiFi and all of the same apps as the phone. It is lighter. You can purchase one for 280, and pay nothing month to month, and save yourself a ton of cash with a regular phone no matter who your provider is! So if you want to be fiscally smart, stay away from "the Smart phone" because with Apple there is no advantage- just inconveniences, such as a poor battery, discourteous people in the gym who can't go a few hours without speaking to someone, and a fortune in battery replacements, and having to charge it every five hours. So if you are an Apple freak get the I-touch save yourself some money and carry a cute little flip phone around you'll have more money in your checking if you do.

Best phone I have ever had it looks amazing and not a single scratch on it. About to buy a case for it to keep it that way.

Save money and just get android then.  They are so proud to make there newest update like android.  All the graphic, visual aids and enhancements, and ease of operation that made apple great just got left behind.  I changed to apple recently for a reason, only to be &#34;updated&#34; into a new android.  So much for standing out. The good news is that I get to save money on my next phone.

My boyfriend and I have been wanting an iphone for awhile. The phone came fast and is amazing. Its nice and slim.

well, i bought this because its unlocked. so i send it to over seas but it didnt work. i am gonna have tp return it and get my money back thank you.that's my email address if you would like to connect memoyed.love90@yahoo.comThank you.Noor

Can't get better than this. There are good phones out there but none of them can beat the iPhone. I Love it.

I've had top of the line androids, blackberrys, etc.  Always come back to the iPhone.  Why?  Because Apple has gotten it right and thankfully they have only improved upon perfection with each new model.  I started using iPhone since the 3G and now I have the 5 and I still think this is the best smartphone you could own.  Everthing is great, from the size of the phone to the battery and the speed and when you need a phone to work for things such as calls, text messages, emails and internet access, you can count on the iPhone working flawlessly  everytime.  I like the fact that Apple has not made this into a phablet and hopefully they never do.

Fast shipping, unlocked phone works perfectly, it's just as described. Would buy again from them

I bought a A1428, but a received a A1429 iphone. I dont know the diference. My phone works weell.  but in Brazil you can only buy a A1428 model.

none of the cases has the device to take the chip. apparently the rest is fine. I'm happy for this shop

It is basical the same as I4s but I love the screen and the camera, that is all the new in this i5, I bought it because I need a cellphone faster than I4, it is cool and I love it, but is not a really sorprising, ios is the same boring as always, Ios need a change of image.

El tel&eacute;fono vino destapado. con detalle en un costado de la carcasa. no recomendado, son equipos extremadamente costosos para recibirlos de este modo....The phone came uncovered. detail in one side of the housing. not recommended, are extremely expensive equipment to receive them in this way ....

Ok, I have now had the Galaxy S4 for three weeks and I am ready to share my initial pros and cons vs the iPhone 5.  These are in order of importance to ME personally and each is real fact, not a theoretical issue, for me.Your order might be quite different than mine. And that might push you in a different direction than they pushed me.  I am interested in ALL feedback on these, especially additional pros and cons. But I am not looking for emotional opinions with no data or facts.### High Level:# GS4 Pros:Better ScreenBetter Text MessagingHigher Wow FactorGreat Back ButtonEasy to add free custom ringtonesVideos in Play StoreSet a custom font for everything# GS4 Cons:Horrible NotificationsWon't Sync Outlook MemosVisual Voicemail NOT FREENo Successful Air GesturesMultiple Restarts RequiredClumsier App SwitchingNo Silent Text Tone Per ContactAwkward Power Button PositionMore Accidental Screen TouchesToo Many App Stores# Other:Camera is great on bothNeither allows a ringtone per groupNeither phone flips screen upside down# Overall:The pros above do not outweigh the cons for me. I would stick with the iPhone and will probably sell my GS4 when the next iPhone comes out.### Details:For each topic above, I have included details for each:# GS4 Pros:Better Screen* The larger screen really is wonderful to watch and use* GS4 makes TVs and you can tell. The blacks are blacker, the colors more vibrant than I had on the iPhone 5.* People keep saying wow to the screen when they see it. Or they ask me to dim it.* Games are amazing on it due to the size and colors.Better Text Messaging* If you don't hit send on a message, that contact shows *draft*. I have MANY times had unsent messages in my iPhone I was unaware of.* Swype is a game changer. I used to want to throw my iPhone into a wall when typing, which I do a LOT. Swype allows me to type data in MUCH faster. Guinness World Record faster. And Swype FIXES capitalization for you!! I use this constantly! And it does select all, copy, cut, paste as well with a single keystroke. Fantastic.* The GS4 has text templates pre-populated with a message. I use this a LOT. iPhone doesn't have it.* On the iPhone if you have a single unread text, it automatically opens it. Sometimes, you go to text someone you were just texting, but the phone switches you to the unread text and you don't notice and BAM you text the wrong person. I've done that LOTS. Not so with the GS4.* If you have more than one number or an email and a number, the iPhone just says the contact's name at the top. You have to click it to see what is in blue to know where the message is going to go. The GS4 shows the number or email at the top with the name.* It is easier to place a call from a text. Icon always visible at the top.* If you are doing an iMessage you do not get a character count even if you have the count setting on. Also it doesn't show till you hit 160 characters. The GS4 count is always present.* You can change the font size of a text by hitting volume up/down.Higher Wow Factor* Nobody ever says "wow, you have an iPhone!" to me. But in three weeks at least a dozen people have said wow to this phone for various different reasons. And that feels nice.Great Back Button* Still missing from the iPhone architecture are a menu button and a back button. Always in the same place. Makes for much easier navigation than on the iPhone.Easy to add free custom ringtones* No need to buy ringtones. Add your own tracks and edit them smaller.Videos in Play Store* The play store allows app sellers to include a video of the app. This is AWESOME as you can really get a feel for the app without installing it first. On the iPhone installing is always a gamble.* Set a custom font for everythingI set the font to a comical one and it is EVERYWHERE. I love it.# GS4 Cons:Horrible NotificationsNotifications are how I keep up to date with EVERYTHING. The iPhone sorts them by app instead of by time and maxes out at five in the notification center. But this is STILL better than the GS4's approach. Example: If I am showering and hear my iPhone, I peek out of the curtain and there on the lock screen is the latest notification. If I click the button I can see all of them on the lock screen and get the gist as to if I need to dry off and respond or wait till later. With the GS4, they appear at the tippy top (like they do on the iPhone when turned on, not in lock mode). They go by very quickly so by the time you peek out, they are long gone. And YOU CAN'T CLICK ON THEM to read the details!!! I thought for sure Air Gestures would let me preview them without touching the phone. Nope. Further, with the iPhone I can get a ton of details without opening the apps. With the GS4, I constantly have to dig into an app to get the level of information I really need. That's a whole LOT of touching, and takes a lot longer to do. iPhone notifications are far far easier. And faster and more accurate. I used to hear my laptop and my iPhone chime together whenever I got a fb alert. The GS4 chimes when I don't need it to, doesn't when I do need it to, and that little blue light is always flashing when nothing important has changed...Won't Sync Outlook MemosSamsung tech support is AWFUL. On hold three hours. Clueless reps who are trained to say "I'm sorry to hear that" 20 times in a call, then not actually fix anything.  Their free outlook sync app, Kies says it does memos in the help, but the tool is missing that feature. They say it is Verizon's fault, but it is their own software that is missing the feature. And the old software didn't have it, so this is most likely a regression error (it went away again by accident). Most of you probably don't care about this one, buy I have over 500 memos I use all the time and need them on my phone. They are my memory.Visual Voicemail NOT FREEOn the iPhone you have all your voicemails as little files. You can pause, rewind, delete, recover etc. The GS4 requires me to CALL MY VOICEMAIL!? This is dinosaur archaic. Hit 3 to delete this message??? No slider bar... c'mon. On the GS4 voicemail window, I can opt to pay $3 PER MONTH to get visual voicemail from Verizon. Disgusting. Give me back my iPhone.No Successful Air GesturesThe commercials are all about the air gestures. Showing people with dirty hands who take care of business anyway. This hasn't worked ONCE yet for me. Many of the air gestures and air views are turned off by default. When you finally get them all on, they still fail to work. And even if they work as designed, which so far they haven't, I *expected* that if I got a text, I could read it without touching the phone. Negative. Even when working. You can preview one once you are in the Text App, but getting to it requires much screen touching!!! Defeats the whole purpose. I call this absolute false advertising compared to how the commercials make it seem.Multiple Restarts RequiredEvery day, my sound goes out. You can set silent, vibrate or sound on from the power button. My sound goes out and the button does not change it. I use the power button to select "restart" and the sound works again. Ok, maybe not every day, but at least twice a week.Clumsier App SwitchingI can switch back and forth between two apps on the iPhone by double clicking the home button and the last app is always the first spot. The GS4 requires a long press and it is the last app is actual the second one up from the bottom. This takes a bit longer for each step than on the iPhone. Just a minor annoyance.No Silent Text Tone Per ContactWhen Amazon or my bank send a text alert, I set those contacts to silent so they didn't disturb me. They still alert me, but quietly. Real people honk with happiness. Oddly, you can't do this on the GS4! Nor can I create a silent tone to add myself! So I had to find the quietest tone I could for these. Lame. Why can you so easily customize ringtones, including silent, but not text tones?Awkward Power Button PositionThe power button is directly opposite the volume buttons. And volume overrules power if you hit them both. I rarely change volume on my phone, but always hit power. And nothing happens because it is quite awkward to hit it without hitting the opposite side volume buttons. Especially one handed.More Accidental Screen TouchesThe screen size is wonderful, but I find myself activating it by accident ALL the time when trying to use it one handed. Over and over. iPhone is definitely one hand friendlier.Too Many App StoresI have like seven app stores on my phone instead of a single one on the iPhone. Which should I use? Why have so many?? Playstore, Amazon Store (and they have like four different kinds), Samsung (and they have multiple too)... Just too much. I created an appstore folder and there are 10 icons in it.# Other:Camera is great on bothThe GS4 seems to be better, but actually I think they are very similar but the GS4 screen is so great they look better until you put them on the same device. The v has amazing editing onboard, but I don't use that and the iPhone will have similar ones onboad in a couple of weeks. Oddly, the GS4 will shoot one randomly blurry shot about once in five to ten shots! I am not touching any settings, it just comes out very blurry. It happens enough that I noticed the pattern and I've never seen that on my iPhone.Neither allows a ringtone per groupI like creating groups with one tone. Besties. Lovers. People to avoid. Etc. I hear the tone and I know if I should run to or away from my phone without even looking at it. My Palm phone did this. Too bad none of these phones do.Neither phone flips screen upside downOddly the iPad does! Why did they not allow that on the iPhone. Why does it matter? GPS or Pandora in your car cup holder while plugged in. I had one iPhone GPS app that DID flip 180. I loved it. Plug in phone, put upside down in cup holder, map flips over and you are good to go.SummaryThe GS4 has lots of great pros, but if I can't fix say the first three to five of the cons above, I'll be heading back to my iPhone when the next model comes out.

apple is s*** im writing a review of an iphone 5 I had android is way better I switched to the galaxy s4 and now the Nexus 5...best phone that beats overpriced apple samsung and HTC combines is the One Plus phone...called the One Plus one...snapdragon 801 2.5 GHZ and its 300 dollars its a flagship killer from china!! chinese companie one plus made it so much better then the 5S and is a fraction of the price...it offers a 5 megapixel front facing camera as well...just research it youll like it better then this iphone...had an iphone 5 and screen cracked from 3 feet with a case...

New design, more speed, almost the same things in the iOS but new iOS is coming, but the best phone I could have

El equipo lleg&oacute; en excelentes condiciones a Venezuela, fue muy r&aacute;pido y eficiente.. recomiendo al reseller al 100%.muchas gracias

I'm a long-time Droid user, but opted to advance to I-phone 5 after Verizon pitched me a good deal (Phone = $225 if I sign up for two more years; since I'm not changing plans, I thought, why not).Having used an I-Pad for the past several months, the I-phone feels familiar, as the apps and operations are similar. The basic operation and look of the phone is also quite similar to my Droid, so I didn't need to go take a class on how to operate this phone.I'm not a tech wizard. I'm just a child psychologist who needs to make/receive phone calls, check my email, and bop into Facebook every now and then. I don't watch You-Tube on the phone; I don't download music on the unit; I don't play games on the unit; I rarely take photos with the phone; and I don't navigate my way through strange lands via the phone.As such, I'm not as jazzed by this phone as some seem to be. For me, it meets my needs and I have no gripes. The phone works well in terms of people hearing me and me hearing them; the alarm works well; it powers on/off quickly; the battery life is adequate; and I can check the weather with ease. I haven't figured out this 'Siri' thing yet, but perhaps I'll get there someday.

It's pretty ok I guess,Much slimmer then the other iphones, I personally like the Iphone 4s tons better but that's just me :)

It not unlock i phone 5, boxes and item it difference serial and imei no. Almost not item that me order...

Couldn't have asked for better. Works flawlessly. Thanks a bunch. Keep on hooking us up with these magical products yo

IPhone5 - Used it (although reception signal strength was worse than previous cell phones) for 56 weeks then just died for no reason such as water or heat 4 weeks out of warranty. Sprint store checked it and said I need to get a new one or refurbished one. So I  replaced the battery with a  new one with a battery kit, not difficult, but still totally unresponsive no matter what can be tried. So you learn in life by your mistakes and I will be moving away from Apple products and to the Samsung 4S phone, but cost me $100 in the process. This was never unlocked as just purchased through Sprint. So buyer beware and I hope I can save someone else the loss of the $200 I paid for it and the $100 for the new for a total loss of $300.

They send me a Charger  for iphone 4s instead of iphone 5 and headphones were missing,besides that phone works fine.

Excelente iPhone! Very fast when browinsing, has a very nice design, light and resistent. Dropped it a few times and so far it is still working normally.

Good day. I wonder if the team is 100% new, if manufacturing is released, and if it can be used in Venezuela with Movistar ..?? Thank you, greetings.

Is it me or the commercial that represents the apple products being designed in california as a failed advertising gimick. I mean what the hell does that even mean designed in california but made in china wtf. Apple unlike companies like Intel have to open a us office and give back a little since they have more money than some countries.  Samsung should make a commercial designed in South Korea but made in the fing USA. Apple is going down the drain really quick all you have to do is look at their stock price in the last year and you know that its almost over. The hype is gone and due to their product manager ( 2nd in command after steve jobs) got fired for not apologizing to the public about the maps fiasco. even though he told the new ceo that removing google maps is a bad idea. The company is going down quickly , here let me make a penis size ipad for the ladies , maybe that will change something

These people are horrible. They sold me the most defective unlocked iPhone ever. I can't run any of my favorite apps because it always crashes. I contacted them to have it replaced or at least see if they can repair it. They basically told me to go and check with an apple store. You will be duped by this group. Don't trust them. They are the worst. They sold me a defective item and told me to pay for shipping to get it back to them. What a bunch of losers.

When they promise something they don't follow through on what they say. I am now stuck with a electronic device that doesn't work at all. They said they had thought about it and offered to send me something else to make me happy. I have waited over three months and tonight they say Sorry we never got that in our store. Make sure when you buy from them that it is new not used!!!!!

The iPhone 5 is everything I expected and more. It is a big improvement from the iPhone 4S. Definitely recommended!

d mine since November 2012. I have dropped it about 50 times without a case and the screen has not broken. Now I am most likely lucky, but it seems like apple fixed this problem from previous iPhones. The iPhone 5 is thin and sleek. ALthough this goes away with a case added. Voice quality and cell signal are fine. Just depends on your surroundings. Internet is pretty fast too on both LTE and wifi.About a year ago, my sleep/power button stopped working. This means I could not lock my phone normally or turn it off. This really isn't the fault of Apple. More likely this happened because I dropped my phone too many times. But I got around this by enabling the &#34;accessibility&#34; menu. Which provides an onscreen menu to lock your phone.Either way I am looking forward to the next iphone. Would recommend to friend.

Because i dont have any problem un the product.I like ver much the iphone 5.I dont have problem

I bought my iphone 5 because it is so easy to use, so complete,  always work well, nice design,Just love apple things,

It is an used phone with incomplete packaging, the earphone is not original, the price is very unreasonable as a used phone.

Realize mi compra desde venezuela, el producto me llego excelente, sellado de caja y desbloqueado de fabrica, osea todo un exito.

It's no so intuitive as I thought... I don't find easy functions like to save a file from my mail to my cellphone...

Thanks, all good except that the 12v charger was not delivered and the fact that I had to call AT&T to unlock the phone, since it was not unlocked as on description.

Great upgrade from the 4s. Came with a free case. My only gripe,( with the product not the seller,) is that Apple decided to move the headphone jack outlet to the bottom. It's only a mild annoyance though.

terrific. The apple product has high quality and good service. I am satisfied about this purchase. It is recommended. thanks

This is a comedy of errors but I am writing it in case anyone else runs into any of the same situations. My wife and I have excellent cell phone service with Consumer Cellular (CC), a no contract provider. I had bought her a Motorola Bravo from them and they sent a regular size sim card which works perfectly. My wife's Chrysler 300C was starting to require many repairs and she was wanting to replace it with a Jeep.  I bought her a 2014 Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited but her Motorola Bravo is not compatible with the Jeep Voice Command System. I decided to go all out and bought her an unlocked iphone 5 which I expected to be compatible with both the Jeep Voice Command System and with our carrier, Consumer Cellular. My only concern was how to get the regular sim card in my wife's Motorola Bravo cell phone down to nano size to fit the Apple. However, I figured that CC would have a solution such as sending a nano sim card and deactivating the Motorola Bravo sim card. As I wrote, I just took it for granted that this allegedly latest and greatest engineering wonder (according to the ads) would be compatible with both the Jeep and CC. So I ordered the outrageously priced unlocked iphone 5. As usual, Amazon quickly processed my order and notified me that the phone had been shipped.I called CC to request a nano sim and was told by two different reps that the iphone 5 is not compatible with their service. I decided that I would keep CC as my server but when the iphone 5 arrived I would take it down to Walmart and sign my wife up for StraightTalk which is also a no contract server and which advertises the iphone 5 in their ads. The phone arrived in a small box, the kind that has a tear-off strip along one edge. There was no packing in the box. One end of the box was open and the cellophane wrapping was torn and disheveled. I had no way of testing the phone to check for internal damage and I had enough drama so I sent it back and bought my wife a Samsung Focus 2 for about one fourth the price of the iphone 5. I called CC and they shipped a micro sim which should arrive in a few days. Obviously CC must believe that this phone is compatible with them but as for the jeep it is anyones guess.This is where my soap opera ends as far as this review is concerned. The moral of the story is that it would behoove anyone who is in the market for a 2014 vehicle with Voice Command features or is considering a new cell phone which would be used with your existing carrier or would be paired with your vehicle to do a thorough amount of research to avoid duplicating my experiences. One final note. My cell phone is a Sony Xperia P which I bought from Amazon. It works perfectly with CC and pairs and connects perfectly with my wife's Jeep. If her Samsung has any compatibility issues I will end the drama and give her my Sony. Then I wil punt.

I recommend, because this product is fantastic and the amazon had a good job.Thank you for the allsVitor

i have no idea why my review has been declined by amazon. i have commented and expressed all my view on the product. here it is. shipping was fast. package was good and phone well protected. the phone is brand-new, was unlocked and unactivated. i bought it on amazon with more paying because of my lack of local billing credit card. apple store gives 644 plus around 54 tax. here i got one with 724.88 in total. surely here are cheapers on amazon i however selected the seller because of its primer and i am confident that i would avoid a possibly refurbished one. hi, amazon, could it go now?

It is a nice phone, looks new, and is functional, it is very lucky for me to buy this phone!

This phone completely fills my expectation, just IOs is kind to restrictive. So jailbreak is a freedom :) good quality camera, fast and responsive.

I switched from Sprint with an unlimited everything plan with an htc evo 4g and I switched to a shared 4gb plan on verizon with a black iPhone 5 16gb.Off the bat, the verizon plan is cheaper, and the coverage and speed is better and more reliable.The iPhone itself is a wonderful piece of technology. I have never owned an iPhone before, so I cannot comment on it's worth compared to a previous model. However, the processor and RAM is very fast, making transitions between apps and videos/pictures smooth and fast. The screen is amazing to look at, and I like it has a larger size, thus being able to fit another row of apps on the home screens.The speakers sound great, and so do the new headphones included. They are no longer the standard white earbud headphones, the new ones are a different shape and have a more full sound.I have owned an iPod 4th generation previously, and I am glad that they have finally moved the headphones input to the bottom of the phone--finally it matches all other devices I have ever had.Siri is amazing to have. I love the intuitiveness of responding to and answering my commands and questions.One of the cons compared to an android phone is the lack of a quick shortcut to be able to turn off 4G and 3G when out of wifi range. You have to go into settings and then into a couple other areas to turn the 3G, 4G off. However, I have found that if you double-click the home button it will bring up recent apps or the settings panel, and if you press settings, and the last settings you looked at was the toggle for 3G 4G then it will bring you directly to that page.Battery life is competitive compared to other phones I have used.Lastly, consider buying the AppleCare Protection instead of the Verizon monthtly warranty. The AppleCare is only 99$ compared to the Verizon $11/month. The AppleCare lasts two years and the deductible for a replacement phone is around 49$. The only con to the AppleCare is that it does not cover lost/stolen phones. However, with the 'Find my iPhone' app and all the other options of finding or retrieving a lost phone, I do not see it as a major problem when combined with the major savings money-wise compared to the higher cost of the Verizon monthly warranty and their higher deductible.

Somewhat satisfied with this phone works well except that battery life is short and when arrives to 30% or 20% it turns off

good morning I am interested to buy iphone 5 am from Venezuela want to know which version deveria use here in my country and I'm online movistar q and q I have understood the t-mobile version does not lift the 3G network would like to know who should buy await your response thanks

Great working out of the box. Came in with the latest Apple operating system and a free screen protector. Really like it.

Design and SpecificationsApple iPhone 5 has a 4.0&#8243; LED backlit IPS TFT capacitive touch screen with pixel density of 326ppi. The phone runs iOS 6 operating system with a 1.2 Ghz A6 processor and PowerVR SGX543MP4 GPU with 1GB RAM. The phone has dimensions of 123.8 x 58.6 x 7.6 mm making it 18% thinner than iPhone 4S because of its in-cell touch screen technology. The phone also weighs just 112grams, making it 20% lighter than the iPhone 4S.Camera and MultimediaThe phone has an 8MP camera with a backlit CMOS image sensor. The camera has great features such as geo tagging, auto focus, touch focus, Panorama LED flash and face detection. There is a 1MP front facing camera with HD Facetime support for both Wifi and 3G/4G networks.Connectivity and FeaturesApple iPhone 5 is runs on quad core 2G and 3G networks as well as 4G LTE networks through Nano SIM. The phone supports internet access through GPRS, EDGE, 3G, Wifi and 4G LTE. The phone also has Bluetooth 4.0 , NFC and a 19 pin dock connector for connectivity and power. The iPhone 5 features an updated Siri voice assistant service that follows natural language commands and dictation. The phone has reworked iMap feature as well, moving away from the Google Maps that were being used before.

I love this cell! I had weeks dreaming about it and it finally arrived to my hands. It is a nice cellphone

This was a gift. The student said it met everything she wanted in a phone.

The unlocked phone bought had a hardware problem. Following DirectBuyWireless instructions I contacted Apple and based on the warranty, Apple has replaced the phone with a brand new one. The only issue is that Apple does not unlock phones (all phones when manufactured are locked by default and only carriers or suppliers like DirectBuyWireless unlock them) and the new phone that I have is locked. Apple requested me to contact the supplier I bought my phone from. And here is where my Saga continues. I have been trying to contact DirectBuyWireless to unlock my new phone or exchange this new locked phone by an unlocked one for a couple of months and my e-mail 3 messages are still unanswered. I have a phone that is inoperant for months without any feedback from the supplier and no support from Amazon to help me out on this. It seems that my next step will have to be a Legal claim to see if the Supplier and/or Amazon take any action. That's unnaceptable! No support, no response, no respect for the customers!

The best phone I have ever bought. Good performance, fast and slim. I love all the apps that you can find with this phone.

I used to use android systems for a long time.Lately, I wasn't very satisfied with android's performance, so i decided to bought iPhone.I have nothing to complain about, it's simply perfect! :)

The phone came in Excellent condition no problems and it works wonderful!!!! It even came with a Otterbox case!!!! Great!!!!

I've owned iPhones since their first incarnation, and have until now almost always been pleased with the developments made to the next generation over the last, with the exception of the iphone 4 and the design fault that resulted in a complete drop of signal when held in your hand without a case on it (I still own 2 of them, don't believe the spin, they really do drop signal).The 4s is a great phone, quicker than the 4 and without the signal / aerial debacle.The iPhone 5 however is a disappointment.It's thinner apparently, not that you'd notice, especially as due to it's design you have to have it in a case to prevent it from being destroyed by everyday careful usage.But in order to make it thinner they had (so they say) to change the sync lead / charger lead connector to a new smaller design. If like me you have owned and continue to own previous versions of iPhones, iPods and iPads, and have several chargers, Docks, car connectors and car chargers etc then this new design is really frustrating.The real reason that Apple changed the design is surely so that everybody has to go out and buy outrageously overpriced adaptors or new leads. I have read that Apple pays less than $0.6 for these leads, yet charges it's customers 25.Apple have also put a microchip in their leads that the iPhone is set to recognise, without which they are rejected by the iPhone in order to prevent third party manufacturers from producing leads that work properly, hence all the terrible reviews for these 3rd party products.It's just another of Apple's underhand money making exercises at the customers considerable inconvenience and expense.It's taller than the iPhone 4s. Some may like this, but I don't. The 4s sits comfortably in your hand and my thumb can reach the top of the screen on the 4s without having to change the position in my hand. I have bigger than average hands too.It is faster than the 4s, only a little, but it is faster. But this is the only improvement in my eyes.Battery life is poor, another sacrifice made to the god of (pointless) thinness. It feels cheaper and flimsier than the 4s too.Maps are a mess. Google maps was so much better on the 4 and 4s.Instead of this ridiculous connector fiasco, why couldn't we have kept the old and perfectly good connector and had wireless charging too? The technology is there, and would be a great improvement over the current system.A more robust design would be nice so that they didn't have to live in cases, and a dust and moisture resistant design would be very welcome.iCloud is fantastic, and so I can't imagine changing phones to another manufacturer until someone else comes out with something at least as good as iCloud.But when they do, I'll be more than happy to switch allegiance, despite twenty years as a loyal Apple customer.Apple can only push their customers so far, and I'm becoming more and more fed up with the way Apple is treating it's customers with regard to their infuriating thinness campaign with their phones, iPads, MacBook Pros and iMacs, at the expense of functionality and in a blatant attempt to corner the market and limit customers buying choices in terms of leads, adaptors, connections, music purchasing, app purchasing etc, as are many many other people.Apple is a great brand and has produced many fantastic products, but the iPhone 5 is not the leap ahead from the 4s that customers had hoped for, and this coupled with frustration and expense incurred by the connector design and the thinness over battery life and durability make it for me a 2 star product.If you own the 4s I'd suggest hanging on to it and waiting until Autumn for the next hopefully much improved iPhone, or Samsung, or whoever the Apple slayer will be.

It is absolutely perfect. The phone is class but the battery isn't great. other than that everyone should buy one

everyone knows what is Iphone but honestly speaking i am tired to see one design again and again. they must try something new. but again great features. unbeatable in features.

Well after buying a refurbished item expected that something was not right. The battery was loose and I had to pay to have me open and fixed and the power cord was attached so that damage because it was not the original. However the team is working well and I have no problem, I highly recommend it.

El iphone lleg&oacute; sin ning&uacute;n problema y en perfectas condiciones. Nuevo de paquete.Todo muy bien y 100% calidadGracias!!

I love this iphone... We have a good deal here, the price also good, love it........no issues with me ,everything was new

good so good ,i like it,this is my love ,it's new one,so happey new year,i used for 4days,so cool ,

I purchased a new iPhone 5, had it for one week, was having lousy reception in my house, my carrier, T-Mobile, insisted they send me a new iPhone, in case that was the problem. I told them it was a reception issue, not a phone issue--my iPhone worked fine elsewhere. T-Mobile insisted. I swapped out the phone for the one they send, and I still had lousy reception in my house, just as I told them I would.When T-Mobile got my phone back, they charged me $250 for "liquid-damage." The iPhone has built-in gizmos that supposedly detect liquid damage, like if you drop your phone in the toilet. This one week old phone had never gotten wet, and it worked fine. I learned from a little online research that these liquid damage indicators DO NOT WORK correctly--they often give false positive readings, so much so that Apple just agreed to pay $53 million in a class action lawsuit. Of course, as lawsuits go, this one had a cutoff date, and my case is too late for it. But Wired Magazine and others have demonstrated that Apple has NOT solved the problem and continues to peddle these bogus, non-functioning indicators. And customers like me continue to get screwed. So--buy one of these things at your own risk.The sad thing is that Apple used to position themselves as the scrappy "outsider" company, the anti-corporation, anti-Big Brother--and now, they have turned into Exxon Mobile, or British Petroleum--remember the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico? Lie, lie, lie, and steal, steal, steal. Add Apple to that list of companies. Very sad.

Very good

Its a nice gadget with lots of mobile app to play with. I would recommend it to anyone. The next thing is IOS7

In Hungary phone with its original simcard had to be activated then simcard replaced with local company's card. Once done, phone works impeccably.

I was excited to leave the Android OS for Apple, but it didn't last long. I expected a more stable and reliable phone, but the iPhone 5 is far worse than any Android I've owned (although I must admit, the battery life is exceptional). I went from an HTC Evo 4G to this (with the same carrier). There are more dropped calls, apps crash or freeze more often, bluetooth is a mess, there are no widgets, the screen is less customizable, the camera lens is in a goofy spot (made more sense to be in the middle of the phone like it is on the Android phones I've owned), and there's no back button, which is quite irritating--if I'm in a hurry, I don't want to figure out a new way to close or back out of every new window I access.I guess I'll be going back to Android next upgrade.

The item is good. When I opened the box, everything looked new. There is no any scratches it works well.  Howevere, there is no pin for SIM card tray. The seller said Apple does not provide pin for SIM card tray any more, for me it's not a big a deal. It arrived early, than I expected which is kinda nice. Apart from that I would not say any negative comments.

I purchased an iphone 5 in the store and I was excited because I have had the iphone 3g, 4, and 4s so I just couldnt wait to get the 5. It turned out to be one of the worst iphones I ever owned. I had problems from day one. I didnt even keep the phone for a week. The phone had wifi issues, I couldn't hear good when I was on the phone. It also wouldnt connect to a phone call as soon as you answered. I also had imessahing issues, my phone constantly lost service in my house and never had a problem before, and my icloud did not work. It was just an all around piece of trash and its sad because I had all iphones and loved them. Unfortuantely I had too use my upgrade for the 4s I already owned because I sold my old one. Just really think about purchasing this phone it has way to many issues and I am not the only one who had these issues. But if you like dealing with apples horrible customer service then this is the perfect phone for you.

It was listed as &#34;Unlocked&#34; iphone5, but it was locked, my friend took the phone back to China, couldn't use it and needed to send back.

I have received the iphone 5 as well as the cable wire, earphone and a iphone5 case, and I like them.The iphone 5 is totally like new and works perfectly.Firstly, the cable wire was a iphone 4S one and the earphone was not worked well, however, after I have reported this problem to the seller, they sent me the new cable wire and earphone for iphone 5, they respond very quickly. And now I am using them.Thanks for your service and good products.

The phone can not connect to any USB port, or mac or pc, I changed the cable and it does not work, not even charging the battery. I sent an email to Directbuywireless through Amazon page on July 15 and have had no response.I live in Argentina, now I sent it with a person who traveled to Florida, he was going to connect with an Apple Store to give him a solution.

Everything you want in a cell phone and more. Why would you buy anything else when you can get the best cell around

The phone was bought for my friend. It will be used in mainland of China. It's real new phone and never used.

So other than a .5" larger bordered screen and a new 9 pin connector there is nothing new here. Same old boring IOS minus google maps/youtube app (you get Apple Imaps epic fail instead) the same issues that plagued as far back as the 3gs (for me) such as getting locked in headphone mode, freezing/crashing apps, losing service for no reason and having to reboot the Iphone to get it back, being way to delicate if dropped or hit, way over priced, and the simple fact that are much better smartphones out there namly Windows Phone and Android. I have seen and personally did speed tests on browsing, boot up times and app lauching and Windows Phone 7/8 and Android beat this device hands down everytime in all catagories. They say Apple could sell a turd wrapped in tin foil with an Apple logo on it.....well this is that turd. There is no reason to buy this recycled iphone as there will be another one out in less than a year, possibly the usual Iphone 5/5s/5se/5LT/Iphone 5 Turbo/Super Iphone 5 turbo....and all makes and models will be the exact same phone lol. Wake up people, go with whats best for you, not whats popular this week. I traded this dud after a month for a Windows Phone Nokia Lumia and couldn't believe what I was missing and how limited the Iphone is. Apple is going to have to do better than Iphone 5 and Ipad mini/nano/tini to retain it's bloated, stagnent, fragile market share.

The only problem is the battery wont last for full day. Rest of the features are very good. Its awesome phone.

from Venezuela thank you very much for the good side and quite happy for my iphone 5 gracias mi pana

Nevr work, but they give me the refund inmediatly. I try to make it work, but never do. Always reset again and again.

i rate it two star because i ordered a new one but i got i used one.then i send it back and got my money back but i paid an additional 20$ for shipment

I started working out of the country and was very happy with the phone I purchased from you. It works great

It's perfect. Super slim and light weigh. I'd used to have the 4sg but this one it's way much better. Retina display its awesome.

I bought Iphone 5, i didnt have any problem at all with the cellphone, but i did with the charger. A week after i started using it, out of no reason it stop working. Now i dont know what to do. Im never again going to buy anything by Amazon.

I really love my iPhone and I wish I could give this 5 stars. But the very first time I plugged in the charger, the part you plug in the phone got stick inside the phone. I had to take it out with a pair of tweezers but at this point my charger was in 2 parts (the cord and the part you plug in the phone). Fortunately my dad had an extra charger but it sucks how the charger that comes with the phone (which I paid for) was terrible in quality. Hope this was just my phone and not everyone else's.

Adorable!!!i love my iphone!Full, agile, cute, with excellent performance, lightweight, excellent camera, excellent sound, this is the best phone I know and I love it!highly recommended!q is the first time using an iphone and not change it for anything!

Bought 4 iphone 5 phones.  2 of these phones with snooze button on top right corner not working at 11 month.  I talked to a representative about this problem at 11 months and they had this on file but still they did not honor my warranty when I was finally able to take it to a store at the 13th month.  I did not have the time to take it in and I thought since they had the problem on file they would honor my phones but the apple care supervisor pretty much told me &#34;tuff luck&#34;.  Apple care sucks---they are hard nosed and unrealistic.  I can't believe how rude the supervisor can be.  Jessica case #545093734.  She acknowledged that the problem was reported at 11months but since it is the 13th month they will absolutely not fix the problem.  They want to charge me $199/each to fix those 2 phones.  As for the third phone it totally broke.  It kept flashing on and off.  Good thing since this was my 12 year old sons phone I did purchase the apple care and was able to get it replaced.  As for the fourth phone, the same button is starting to have problems.  APPLE QUALITY WENT DOWN THE DRAIN BIG TIME!!!

Looks fake since it has iOS 6 and iphone 5 and newer have iOS 7.1.1 or newer version

I bought this iphone and receive it one day after it. so the shipping service is excellent. Every thing works well except the cable. I cannot charge my phone unfortunately. I wrote a letter and asked them to see if I can get a new cable from them. Until now, no one answered me.

I have not received the equipment manuals so I doubt product status. bothered me a lot because it is the first time that Apple and come porductos receipts without manual plus the packaging of the boxes come with some stamps q not seem manufactured. new apple products are factory sealed hermeticamentes. I would like an answer on where equipment manuals are??

I love the camera on this phone takes some crisp pictures. Flawless menu diving and very fast processor. Needs bigger screen

iPhone 5 received on time. As described. Works well. Previous user data was not removed from the phone. Have to reset it myself.

I received the iPhone in good condition, except for the charger cable that came nearly broken. It lasted me only two days, and had to get a new one. The cable is not expensive, but you wouldn't spect to received broken, so I call it a disappointment. I would not trust the vendor again.

I bought iphone 5 in this shop for Russia, before purchase answered quickly all questions - on delivery and use, phone came new as promised, everything works, thank you very much! ! ! !

the first thing I have liked about the iPhone 5 is its good looks. The setup is nicely guided to the letter with an option to back .The internet speed is unbelievable. I browse the internet beautifully. This phone is just incredible. The music output is also very good. the only sad part is that I can not buy anything from the Apple store because my country Zambia  is not listed. I would not mind recommending it to family and friends

Product received before informed meeting all my expectations. Indicate to everyone.iPhone 5 is light, beautiful and elegant. Recomend it.

Recomended.

I'm not going to repeat all the (true) superlatives other used for this phone.Just this:  if you're consider buying a phone to someone who never used a smartphone before, or who is not computer savvy, the iPhone+Apple iOS environment are far easier to master than the alternatives.  Intuitive user-interface coupled with seamless functionality of the apps available, make it a positive experience to the novice.

This might be the last iPhone I ever buy. The 5 seems to solve almost all the problems that the previous iPhones had. I have been an iPhone customer ever since the first one was announce. All the old iPhones were plague with problems such as limited App support, slow browser, poor camera, laggy Apps, weight, low resolution, etc. The 5 have none of these problems. The only problem the iPhone 5 have is poor battery life.I mostly use this phone for lightweight computer stuff like browsing, YouTube, movies, music, word processing, email, camera, and phone stuff. It does everything better than most devices out there while staying very portable. Smoothness and stability have always been the hallmark of iOS which is the main reasons I never switched to other phones. Of all the years that I owned the iPhone, and of all the Apps that I've gone though, only a screen or two worth of Apps is useful. That said, not even useful most of the time. The Apps that I use most often are the ones that came with the phone with the exception of the Chrome browser. Everything is butter smooth especially with iOS 7. There are no Apps right now that lags on this phone.The size is perfect for watching movies, but not so big that it will feel bulky in your pocket. The speakers are decent enough to listen in a small room or watching from a distance. I do still prefer the headphones jack on the top like the older iPhones since it doesn't get in the way with my palm. The edgy shape of the phone does not feel nice when holding, but the phone is small and light enough so that you can put a more comfortable case on it.The camera shoots fast and is very clear and colorful, but focusing is still too slow. While the camcorder doesn't come close to the real thing, it is still far better than many mobile devices especially with stabilization.The display sharpness is still standard retina quality, which is optimal as suggested by Apple. It was good the first time I saw it on the iPhone 4, and if they made the pixel any more dense, I doubt there will be any noticeable difference. Otherwise, the screen is bright enough for sunlight and colorful as usual. I have seen better colors on other phones though, but the iPhone 5 screen is still spectacular. The iPhone 5 is much lighter than the older iPhones and it is also slimmer too, this will let you put on many cases without adding too much bulk.The larger screen is welcoming. The only thing bad about the large is that it is harder to reach the home button. I often have to tilt my phone to reach it. However, I watch a lot of movies on my phone so the larger screen is a great addition. The screen does feel significantly bigger with more viewing space, but most importantly, the phone itself doesn't feel bigger. It will still fit well in jean pockets. I know changing the screen size is a risky design change, I hope they don't make the phone any bigger, but I'm glad they did.The lighting connector is great too. It is slimmer, you can connect it any way you want and it feels quite durable for its size. However, I get a lot of disconnects with the lighting connector during sync, especially when I'm transferring large files. This is probably an issue with the lighting connector since I get the same problem with the iPad Mini which also uses the lighting connector. However, I have not notice this problem anymore, or at all, after the iOS 7 update.The battery life have always been a big problem with the iPhone. You can always buy a battery case, external battery, or carry the charger everywhere since there are outlets pretty much everywhere and the charger is no bigger than two ice cubes. The phone charges fairly fast, almost 50% per hour. I also want to add that iOS 7 have reduced the battery life slightly, but noticeably.Now that the 5S is out, I feel that it is not worth the upgrade from the 5. Practically speaking, the only major difference is the fingerprint reader since entering the pass-code have always been annoying. As for the camera, I don't see much difference in the outdoor picture quality, and the flash on the 5S is just an improvement from what was already bad. Low-light photos and slow-motion camera is something I can live without. A7 and 64-bit Apps are still far from the horizon. Remember, last year's iPad Mini is running on the A5, two generations behind yet still a fairly new product compared to the iPhone 5 which is running on the A6. You will only benefit if you are doing major video, photo, and sound editing on your iPhone, which I hope you are not.The iPhone is an excellent phone, but my next phone will probably be an Android. The old Android phones were beyond horrible, but they have improved so much that I must give them a try.PROS:PerformanceWeight and sizeLongevity supportHardware/Software designLarger screenApps Apps Apps!CONS:Battery (Worst with iOS 7)Wish the camera focus faster

el producto cumple con lo requerido, llego en el tiempo establecido, asi como tambien cumple con las caracteristicas tecnicas del telefono

Phone was locked. As you can see, others have had the same problem. Need I say more? Don't buy.

I love mi iphone 5 i buy the model A1428 16gb 4g factory unlocked it's have a good screen the size is very confortable and have a good grafics the barety is very well have a resistence of 8hr with hard work and this conserve a good temperature the camare is good and recomen this phoen 100% i am fine for buy this very good cell phone!

Phone has been working fine had it 3 weeks now no complaints do far. It was all it was described online. O

The iphone came quickly, but after inserting the nano-simcard, we realize the iphone is locked and attached to At&T network, it means that works only with AT&T network. What can I do to unlock it? the Iphone is now in colombia because it was supposed to be a gift.

I've been using it about a month. Just loved it. Much faster than Iphone 4. Very slim. So pretty. It really filled my expectations.

So this is my 4th Apple product and i must say my support of Apple is at end.  While sharing apps and music within the family is great, the battery is beyond worthless.  I can get 2 days if i do not use the phone.  However if i use it, i cannot get even one day.  So now i have to carry a charger around and worry about how do i plug it in for a full charge.  If i were you, I would convert now over to Samsung or HTC now as Apple will become the next Palm Pilot in the next five years.  Here is an idea for Apple.  Why not add a few grams of weight, spend an extra 50 cents on manufacturing costs so i can use it for a whole day?  Yes that is all they would have to do to help us out.

One of my friend has just bought this extremely designed phone. I found chance to check it out in deep.If you have a plan to buy it but still has some doubts, Believe me no need any doubts because it is looking amazing, super light, cool, fast and satisfactory as much as Iphone4s.Please let me know whether this phone can be used with a european SIM card like vodafone england or germany.Thanks!

Excelente celular, mucho mejor que el S3, definitivamente Apple es marca y Samsung es una simple imitaci&oacute;n. Para los que tengan duda, es mas liviano que el S3, m&aacute;s f&aacute;cil de manipular con una sola mano, a quienes les gusten las maquinas de escribir en lugar de una Ultrabook, compren el S3 jajajajaja

Do not wy says its  unloked  when i try the opppsitive sim dosn't work  but all functions its perfect.on deliverin time it on time too

I love it, it's as good as I vas expecting. It's thiner than de 4s so even more confortable and practical.

it is very similar from the old I-phone 4s.. I really expected more from apple. in those moment I do miss steve jobs

The new iPhone is much better in my hand than it could be forecasted from the specs. It feels much lighter, with the nice bigger screen. And it's faster and takes better pictures, despite camera having the same specs!

I was never an avid supporter of any Apple products; I had always thought of them as a trend until I started using them. I currently own an iPhone 5 as well as a MacBook Pro. It was up until I essentially understood how to operate the company&#8217;s products that I disliked it. Once I understood how to successfully use the products, I realized that they were actually a walk in the park to use.I have owned the iPhone 5 for just over a year now and I have never had any problems with the phone itself. This phone is available in either black or white. The phone&#8217;s structure is very lightweight and easy to put in your pocket. Some well-designed qualities this phone has include: front and rear camera with 8 megapixels for clear photos, music player capabilities, and also internal memory storage. This phone usually has very strong service and also has an option to use Wi-Fi. All in all, it is a phone to own if you are either hi-tech or low-tech. Although, the sleek look of the phone is still a trend, I have grown very fond of the product and the simplicity of its design.Unfortunately with advances in technology, everyone wants their products to be running at the best of its ability, thus, iOS 7 was created. iOS 7 is a easy to use, efficient operating system, but it has one major flaw: the battery life of any iPhone that is not an iPhone 5S is very poor. This is because iOS 7 was created specifically for the iPhone 5S, therefore, all other iPhones use their battery life to keep up with this software.I would recommend the iPhone 5 to anyone who likes to stay connected with the world through social media. If you are a business person, I would recommend choosing something more along the lines of a personal assistant that would have better battery life. All in all, the iPhone 5 is a great product to own.

Okay, I've spent years resisting Apple phones because I didn't want to sound like yet another fanboi.  I thought of them as little more than toys.  I could not have been more mistaken.  My iPhone is the best phone that I've ever used in a business environment.  From the way it seamlessly integrates with Exchange to being able to schedule appointments by voice, it simply continues to amaze.  Its voice recognition is second-to-none, and the productivity apps that is has is very impressive.  My only gripe, and it's a small one, is that an app that would be free on the Android platform usually costs money.  Other than that, this is a very impressive piece of hardware that I hope to have for years to come.

The phone looked like it was advertised, however, the MOST important issue, as it was advertised, was that it was UNLOCKED. IT WAS NOT UNLOCKED.This is very disappointing!

There is a mark on the charger, and there is no usb cable, also when i change another cable, iPhone can not be charged!

Just a little scratched up on the sides but overall a perfectly new phone. Great buy for the money and great upgrade for me.

I've had three iPhones. A 3 a 4 and now the iPhone 5 (skipping the 3s and 4s). I've never felt compelled to write a review although I've liked each one. But the other day I dropped my iPhone into water, where it was submerged for several seconds. I thought it was a goner for sure. After drying it off there was still water seeping out from inside the phone. I did the old rice in-a-bag trick, which often works. My iPhone is back online, with absolutely no side effects from the submersion. This demonstration of quality compelled me to write a review for once.On top of the many minor drops, sweaty runs, overuse, and general carelessness - the fact that it can recover from water submersion, to me, is a sign of a basic level of quality I need in a phone. Apple could probably manufacture these to fail under that level of mistreatment, so that we have to buy another, but they care about the performance of their product (in this case). So 5 stars for the iPhone 5.Oh, by the way, the rest of the device is great too. Camera's nice, lighter than older models, quick LTE speeds, blah blah. Battery life is just acceptable, but not enough for me to dislike it.

It was supposed to look 'like new'. it had scratches on the screen and marks on the case. I like the iPhone but this was not as expected

Iphone I received a package when, when I opened the box, I was completely shocked, this is a new iPhone 5, I am pleased to be able to buy it at such a low price

everyone should buy this Iphone 5 unlocked because its fast and works perfectly the rating of 5 stars was given because i had an android and it doesn't meet my expectations and this iphone 5 did.thanks for delivering this splendid product

It wasn't as described and I had to pay 160 dollars to get it unlocked . So I was not happy at all, I would have sent it back but it was a grad gift

Its a really limited basic smartphone.  Which is ok for some, but I don't see a reason to pay so much for a such a basic phone.  Most flagship phones are a lot better than iphone.  I had a few generations of iphones.  The original iphone was ahead of the competition, but now they are behind and just getting sales off their name.

Viene completamente liberado de fabrica lo estoy utilizando con movistar y funciona excelente. Una joya de telefono lo recomiendo 100 %

First things first the iphone 5 is too narrow. Its almost useless for web viewing, the Samsung note 2 is probably the only phone that wins hands down for the purpose of replacing a laptop for your internet needs especially with its HD resolution display.Also I don't support anything with non removable battery. Number 1 I like to have more than 1 battery because 4G will eat away a battery life. Secondly these batteries will lose close to 20% of its max life every year. in a couple years you really will feel it and would be useless by then.Selling someone the iphone now since you may want to upgrade they will have to send it back to apple and pay a outrageous price to get the battery changed. I don't believe in non removable batteries. I don't support that rubbish. My Galaxy S2 has removable battery and the casing goes back on as though it was never a removable battery to begin with.I know rubbish phones like Motorola Atrix 2, the back cover tends to feel flexible and wobbly giving it some nasty cheap feel but samsung has no problems with this you can't ever tell if its removable or not, its that sturdy.The reason I still buy a samsung phone and not other phones anymore is simply for the battery.Secondly the Iphone still uses ancient LCD display. The samsung phones uses Super AMOLED + display. Organic LED is the future and anyone who has seen it in real life would know just how advanced it is. Iphone uses cheap parts to cut costs while charging the customers a pound and a crown because they know the fan boys are too stupid to think for themselves.People talk a set of rubbish like Steve Jobs was this great innovator and innovation at Apple died along with Steve. The truth is he was a greedy selfish scumbag that paid chinese slave workers $1 a day to make iphones. He innovated nothing instead he stole every one of his so called inventions. For example touch screen phones was first invented by IBM and HTC, he just stole the idea. He then stole the GUI from Linux for Mac.

Item met expectations but charger was bad and stopped working about a month after use. Always coming up with the message 'charger not certified for use and may not work properly&#34;

muy buen vendedor llego muy bien y en el tiempo esperado gracias por todo felicidades ya ya ya ya ya

All accessories non-original and the phone is not good condition some time the signal is dose not works and the WARRANTY is not apple care ..

Very comfortable, beautiful and stylish! What I needed. Granted, there are drawbacks, but it's iPhone! Connection is very stable, no problems.

I ordered iPhone 5 16GB  unlocked and i was visiting USA at the time and they promised me, it will be delivered before I leave. It Came on time and same as described and worked fine.  Recommended to everyone . Thanks

Still a great phone. no real complaints... but that first day getting the box was a let down. Love it

I purchased this phone to avoid two years contracts with a server.Consumer cellular does not service iphone 5Sprint would not activate this phone because it did not have their serial numberVerizon would not activate.Phone was not of use with no sim card

I had the iPhone 4 on Verizon for about two years and made the switch to the iPhone 5.  It wasn't a drastic switch at all, it's the same phone through and through, but there are some nice improvements Apple and Verizon made.The 4G LTE network is amazingly fast in comparison to the old 3G network.  However, upgrading to the 5 forfeits your unlimited data.  This is my biggest qualm, because now I'm always searching for WiFi so I don't exceed my 2 gigabytes a month.  It hasn't been a huge problem, it's just annoying.Second, the screen is bigger.  I didn't think this would be a huge improvement but after using the 5 for a few months now and looking at someone's iPhone 4 screen, I can't believe I ever used it and didn't have an issue with the screen size.  The screen has an incredible resolution and makes all pictures and apps look awesome.The speed of the phone itself is a big improvement.  All screens switch faster and everything feels like it's processed faster.Overall, I love this phone, it was a great buy, but man, it sure is over priced.  If you have the money, definitely go for it, but if not, stay with the 4 and wait for the price to drop because there aren't many features I couldn't live without.  It's just faster than the 4.

Excellent!  I've been using the iphone for over a month and everything has been excellent, I recommend it 100%. Plus the seller will respond to you quickly and help you with any issues. Lo recomiendo al 100%

Fast delivery, item in excellent condition, looks like new. Phone wasn't unlocked but seller was very happy to get it sorted out with great care..  I am very pleased,  and great customer service. Very helpful seller..thank you.&#34;

The PHONE HAD to SEND 31.10.2013 BUT I STILL haven'T GOT IT TODAY 03.10.2013. WROTE TO THE SELLER BUT NOTHING CONCRETE I HAVE NOT WRITTEN ABOUT MY PHONE WHERE IT IS CURRENTLY . THE NUMBER OF TRACKING OF PARCELS THAT SENT ME, I CANNOT TRACE FINDING MY &#1058;&#1045;&#1051;&#1045;&#1060;&#1054;&#1053;&#1040;.&#1042;&#1057;&#1045; HOPE THAT I WILL SEE THE PHONE. I WISH THE SELLER TO PERFORM AND CHEAT THEIR CUSTOMERS. THIS IS THE FIRST SHOP WHICH BAD FAITH RELATES TO THEIR WORK.

I got this phone after using my iphone 4 for more than two years .. And this one is so much better i know it is obvious but the phone is really better than i thought it would be!

I am very disappointed by this iPhone 5 because it constantly loosing signal. Whether I am at home or in my office it often disconnects from the network and I cannot have proper conversations with my partners. It's frustrating. I will have it replaced my old iPhone 4S didn't have any problems of this kind.

i got this phone for my sons birthday, turns out to be locked, do not buy this product, sell actual unlocked

No problems at all with the seller. The iphone is working fine. I live in Venezuela and I didn't have any problems activating it with a local carrier.

It was very good. I liked it, it came as I expected. I will enjoy it. safda . asf .

i GOT IT AT THE TIME IT WAS PLANNED, I STILL HAVE TO TRY IT OUT IN SOUTH AMERICA, HOPE IT WORKS.

This is an excellent product, very smart and useful.I could recommend it for everyone who love end tech.This is a beautiful device too.

Apple iPhone 5 16GB (Black) - Unlockedall items arrive ok as expected. product and timing ok. ok . ok

i am very happy with apple i phone 5 16gb would recommend to any one who wants to get a great deal.

The iPhone 5 by Apple corporations, was the newest Apple product on the market before the 5s and the 5c came out. The iPhone 5 is longer, sleeker, has a turn-by-turn navigation, and is faster then the old iPhones. This product is supposed to be an all around better quality product that zips through the market with its speed and overall appearance. Most users think that Apple has outdone themselves this time.The quality of the retina display makes watching videos more superior  then before.  From the alarm application, to sending e-mails, playing games, and checking your bank account. This product can do more than you can even imagine, with the new IOS7 update, it can also do virtually everything the 5s and 5c can do, so I say save your money and just get the 5.There are however some flaws to this product, for some of the devices the lock button begins to stop working. There have also been complaints with the IOS7 about the apps looking like toys, as well as the phone restarting. However, If you take the iPhone into Apple with any of these complaints they will gladly replace your iPhone, or do everything they can to fix the problem.Compared to the Android and the Samsung the screen is a little smaller, but with these phones side-by-side users say that the iPhone 5 is clearer, easier to zoom in and read text, and overall a good size to hold in one hand. Overall the iPhone 5 solves all the problems users had about old iPhones and other phones on the market. It has the perfect combination of stealth, light weight, user friendly applications, and overall a good product. The only downside seems to be the poor battery life, and the occasional device disfunction. I would give the iPhone 5 an overall 5 stars rating.

It is very nice phone, I really like it :)If you want to buy a new phone, bring this phone it is really nice

The iPhone is Ok, but the headphones, dock and cables are not original from Apple. Its been very disappointing really.

It's working good, the price is ok, delievering was long a little, but everything else is fine. No complaints, thank you

was very excited to receive this! great product no scratches very well detailed in description came promised as is!!!! thanks!

Great unlocked phone. Works as indicated. It was given as a gift, I may even buy one for myself. Great phone.

New Features:Everyone knows it's lighter and slimmer. Some love it, some think it makes it feel cheap. I carry my phone when I go biking, walking, or running, so I for one welcome the new design. I think the favorite thing for me about the new screen is that it can display an extra row of icons, which means your folders can fit more, and you can have more on one screen. I like to keep everything fitting on one page right there for me to access. The screen is brighter, and color saturation is noticeably better, blacks are blacker, colors are more rich. The phone has LTE which means it will connect to networks faster, and it has 3 microphones, and noise canceling for better audio. The new earbuds are improved (mostly in design, not sound quality) I do wish it came in more colors, but black and white are essential choices, and will do. Hopefully they will bring out more choices, at least Red and Silver.OS/Interface:This is the iOS you know and love. Fundamentally the same, but with new features (Siri, Panoramic Photos, Facetime over 3G) Some people complain that it hasn't changed enough since the first iPhone. It's essentially quite simple, which is the aesthetic that defines Apple. How much has OSX changed in the past 7 years? Not much either. If one wanted to change the style of the icons and fonts, they do have the option to jailbreak. What I like about iOS is that there's only as many menus as there needs to be. With Android you will see redundant menus, and see settings more than once in several menus. Also I was peeved by the back button and the way it serves a different purpose depending on the context. Will pressing it take you back to the apps main menu? Or will it close the app? I dont know! Press it and find out! The fact that they made the iPhone work fundamentally with just the one home button is a feat of itself. Widgets are cool to have, but I always ended up disabling them to conserve battery life and cut down cpu/ram usage. The notification menu, and icon badges suffice for quick indications.Apps:While both Android and iOS have far more apps than any human could sample in a lifetime, what matters most is quality, not quantity. iPhone has all of the best apps at its disposal, many of which do not exist on Android. Games like Infinity Blade II, SF Volt, Chinatown Wars, Fairway Solitaire, music apps like Animoog, DM1, iKaossilator, and Rebirth, and essential apps like iTunes U, Pages, and iMovie. When I switched to Android, I found that there were a lot of great apps I missed that were not on Google Play store. Since i've switched back to iPhone 5, I did not notice any key apps that are on Android but not on iOS.Performance:The first thing I noticed on this new model is how snappy everything is. Tasks are executed fast. Launching apps, pages loading, switching through menus, it does it in a breeze. iOS runs smoothly because it's coded in C, while Android is coded in Java, which has a lot of inefficiencies. I've heard people complain of laggy performance even on the new S4. I believe the overhead of Android's coding is creating a bottleneck, which is why even with a quad core snapdragon, you can still have performance issues. Software is just as important, if not more important, than the hardware. My SamsUniversal Content/Sharing:I have an iPad, and iMac. If I play a game of Vice City on my iPad, I can continue on the same save on my iPhone when I leave my house. If I made a note with some important info on my iMac, i'll have it on my iPad to refer to, no 3rd party apps needed. If I purchase a universal game, I get it on my phone and tablet. If I am having a text conversation with a friend on my iPhone, I can continue on any other device and see all previous messages. Photos and videos are shared among all the devices as well. I also like that I can facetime with all my friends and family who have an iOS device. When I had an Android phone, I couldn't get everyone to create Skype accounts and get the app.Reliability/Warranty:The iPhone has been smooth sailing. With the two Android phones, I had a handful of issues. The phone would often freeze, and I would have to restart. Icons would disappear. Keyboard input lagged. Screen brightness would adjust itself, even though auto brightness was shut off. The only thing i've experienced is the occasional app crashing, which is often the coding of the app itself, not necessarily an iPhone issue.I like knowing that if I have an issue with the phone, I can go to my local Apple store, and they will either fix it, or replace it with a new one there on the spot. With other manufacturers, they either contract their repairs to a 3rd party business, or they require you to go through the RMA process, ship the phone to them, which can take weeks. If you have an issue that can be resolved over the phone, you will be surprised when you call Apple support and have your call answered by a human being, who's a native english speaker from the United States.Other:Being a musician, I like that you have the ability to plug in an instrument (guitar, piano, bass) and use recording, modeling, and effects apps, this opens you up to a whole world of music production. One of the deal breakers with Android is that you can't connect a music instrument due to the latency inherent in the software (maybe this will be resolved in the future). This means apps like GarageBand, Ampkit, Amplitube, JamUP, Nano Studio, are not possible on Android.I also like the aluminum body, and the distinction that it's currently the only phone that's not plastic. The HTC One claims to, but it's actually an overlay, fused with plastic. Another thing I appreciate is the lack of bloatware. iPhones come with a higher percentage of free space than Android phones, and considering that some of the new Android phones don't have SD card slots, it's significant. Some of them even have 7GB of used space out of the box.  Also, Apple products have the highest resale value of any brand. If you do end up deciding to sell your phone in the future, you will get more for it.Drawbacks:Screen is smaller than the competing phonesNo SD card slot for expanding storageCamera not equal to some of the other top phonesSpeakers pointing down is not a good designApple Maps still has issuesBattery life could be better (like all smartphones)Design could benefit from a refreshAlso iOS does not have a lot of the software features that the new Android versions have. Some of these features are useful, some of them are more of a novelty that look good on paper, and some you will probably never use. But it's nice to have these options. Being able to choose a different default browser, using hand gestures for phone functions, being able to do multiple attachments for emails, these are the more useful ones.Summary:This phone is what is best for me, but not everyone of course. We all have different tastes, preferences, and uses. For me, it's the integration with my iPad, and iMac, the integration with my friends and family who have iOS devices, and it is the ability to plug in an instrument for practicing, sketching songwriting ideas, and recording riffs. Also, i'm a semi avid gamer, and having access to the best library of games is significant to me. I also value simplicity, reliability, and smooth performance, over options suited for "power users".  In my humble opinion, iOS is a better experience for me. With the past 2 Android phones, I would get enticed by a new model, enjoy them for a 1-2 month honeymoon period, grow disillusioned by it's shortcomings, then go back to an iPhone. I need to stop doing that, as it's not very cheap!Lastly, I think everyone should try both, before deciding on what platform is best for them. With that said, the iPhone 5 is a good place to start.

I have my new iPhone 5 for two weeks now. This is what I don't like so far:- Lack of LED indicator on phone body. I cannot see statuses, missed calls, alerts, etc. To me it is a basic functionality item.- Battery drains very fast. I tried to switch off Bluetooth, GPS ... still phone uses a lot of power. Battery meter feels like American full size SUV. As result you have to always carry with you USB cable and charger(s).- If you use maps with GPS and voice directions the phone becomes really hot, losing 50% of battery charge in one hour. Pretty much you have to keep it on car charger.- Vibrate signals are weak. I keep missing calls and messages.- I miss Qwerty keypad. It's so much easier. People who drive and use touch screen phones are purely suicidal and danger for others.- When driving and using Bluetooth I noticed interference. I never had it with BB.- iPhone 5 feels like piece of 8 mm thick glass. Because of sharp edges it's not pleasant to keep in hand. With iPhone you must buy a good skin.- With iTunes software you do not feel in control.iPhone 5 is overpriced and overhyped device. Not too good at basic cell phone functionalities and not good enough for entertainment / media functions (too small at least). Unfortunately I do not have a choice, otherwise I would order another Smartphone.

The iphone works perfectly but just after 2 weeks of using it, the lighting to usb cable stopped charging. I tried everything (plugging it directly in the computer, plugging it on the wall, restaring the phone etc, and it never worked). I tried to contact the seller to do somehting about it, but never got a response

Upgraded from a 4s and as soon as I held it. I felt a difference. It is super fast especially with 3G. I am so happy and content with apple products why go elsewhere. So far there are no cons only pros. I LOVE THIS PHONE and I am very excited about IOS 7. Apple really hit a home run with the iPhone 5.

tudo perfeito, all perfect, veio na caixa com todos os acess&oacute;rios em perfeito estado, na data programa, sem qualquer problema.

It's a very good phone and i gave it to my dad, he likes it very much. Just some scratches on the back.

i like this product because it does everything i hoped and more and i recommend this to anyone that is looking

Daughter wanted an I phone. I use android was reluctant but since she was going to pay the bill I said okay this phone is nothing but trouble doesn't work nearly as well as my galaxy note 2 which she was used to borrowing.. range is less battery time is less small screen just plain sucks nuff said I'll stick with Android...

At the moment I have both the iphone 4 and the iphone 5. At first you don't see much difference only it has 1 extra row of icons.But it works so much smoother than the iphone 4. Still the interface is the same and it just works great.If you are used to apple products you sure will love this one.And yes there are only a few minor changes and people complain a lot about it, but why change something what already is working great.And the same for cars, a new line of porsche 911 isn't much different than the previous one, yet people still love it but why not with phones?This is just an excellent product and I love it.Why not 5 stars? It's a bit overpriced.

the apple i phone was not unlocked now iam haveing aproblem trunein it on now i have to git a diffrinte carryer

It is the greatest phone I've ever had the pleasure to view kind of expensive to keep it running on a month to month bases though. But the phone is the ultimate great technology and a lot of space and so many apps to choose from absolutely the best nice job guys.

After using the iphone 5 for two months, I am unhappy with it. Battery performance is very very disappointing. The battery does not run a full working day of normal use, ie. telephone calls, e-mailing and a few photos being taken. The phone runs out of power before the evening and becomes a problem if you are on a bussiness trip for example. I have used i phone 3G before and the performance of i phone 5 is much worse.

Can't believe I went so long without a smartphone ..... Love my iPhone 5 and it works perfect, easy to hold with one hand and use my thumb to open apps ....My buddy has a bigger Samsung phone and he was showing off his large screen and then when we compared side by side, he liked my clear, easier to read, screen and he can't hold his phone in one hand and use, because it is too large .... I think they nailed it in size!

I am completely unsatisfied with the product.  They battery doesn't which was not at all mentioned in the add.  The person whoever sold me is a greatest crook, please be careful.  He sold be a phone which has hardware problem. This kind of selling should be band from Amazon, I am not blaming Amazon at all, since I brought lots of stuff earlier never had any issues, this time the particular seller is a big time cheater.Sorry for the comment, but I was so embarrassed since I got this phone for one of my friend.

the product received on time meet totally my expetectation now I'm happy witth my Iphone5.  just one coment related to accesibility in terms of Phone company. because it said that unlocked product, but when I've tried to activate .. it's appear lockedbut thank PHONE COMPANY fortunatelly I was available to unlock by my side.

In deciding to go with blazing fast LTE capability in the iPhone 5, Apple was forced to release three different devices to meet compatibility with different LTE network standards worldwide.The A1428 model iPhone 5 is the Canadian and US AT&T; network GSM iPhone, including broad support for UMTS/HSPA+DC-HSDPA (frequencies 850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz), GSM/EDGE (frequencies 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz), and LTE bands 4 and 17.The A1429 iPhone comes in two different flavors, one CDMA and one GSM. The GSM model is designed to support LTE in Asia (including Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore, and South Korea). This GSM iPhone will also work on LTE in Australia, Germany, and the UK on bands 1, 3, and 5.The CDMA version of model A1429 works on Sprint's and Verizon's LTE networks in the US, along with the KDDI network in Japan on bands 1, 3, 5, 13, and 25. The CDMA version also supports GSM bands, making the CDMA iPhone 5 compatible with GSM networks. However, the CDMA A1429 will not support LTE on GSM networks in the US.Full specs from Apple:GSM model A1428: UMTS/HSPA+/DC-HSDPA (850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz); GSM/EDGE (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz); LTE (Bands 4 and 17)CDMA model A1429: CDMA EV-DO Rev. A and Rev. B (800, 1900, 2100 MHz); UMTS/HSPA+/DC-HSDPA (850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz); GSM/EDGE (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz); LTE (Bands 1, 3, 5, 13, 25)GSM model A1429: UMTS/HSPA+/DC-HSDPA (850, 900, 1900, 2100 MHz); GSM/EDGE (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz); LTE (Bands 1, 3, 5)

I rate one star because the speaker doesn't work properly, and did you know this before you sell this iPhone?

kind of scratched as i didnt expect but it was fine. all was functioning great. i like and  enjoy it

Don't get me wrong, this is an outstanding phone, the best I've ever had and in my opinion the most beautiful and stylish portable device in the market. But, the edges strached extremely easy, and when I say easy I mean getting little chips on the aluminum paint even if you putt it in a whole-body-protection case right from day one as I did. It's not a big deal and it doesn't diminish its great performance as a smartphone, but it's inexcusable for a phone of its price.

This phone is awesome I'm so glad I decided to buy it!! There was no money wasted!! It was so worth the pricr

I was really very disapointed that a store like Amazon would do something like that.I bought the phone as it said in the advertisement and invoice UNLOCKED in their site.  When I got it it I took it as a present to a friend in South America and when he tried to use it it was locked!!!!I never will trust them again, you shoudn't either!

I just have to thank you guys 4 the good work, and I am really happy by everthing about the phone been working very good. I will definitely by another Phone, without even think twice. Keep the good work, very pleased.

this is the best phone in the world.Exceeded my expectationsI use it in Argentina. The problem here is the service provided by telephony companies.

Phone was great, however the delivery service did not come to the door. we were home all day and even in the side of the house, I only knew that the package arrived because I received a text. Went to the front of the house and they did not attempt to come to ring the front door bell, they just tossed it in between our entry gate which they could easily open and walk to the front door.  Not left where i felt would have been the best spot.  we get packages almost weekly and see where they are left by many different carriers.

I was looking for a used iPhone 5 and I found it, the phone looks in excellent condition, no scratches no bumpsLike a new one, I have some questions about the product and seller has enough patience to resolve my doubtsThe phone came with all accessories and delivered extremely fast, great price and great seller.

Excelente el tiempo de entrega que esta pautado en el perfil, comprado desde Venezuela. El producto llego en perfecto estado sellado y optimas condiciones. GRACIAS

So I have had my 3s for some time now and even while it will no longer support some of the apps I used to use I am really going to miss it since it will no longer charge. I have now had an i-phone 5 for 2 weeks and am taking it back today. I bought the one with the increased memory since I usually take a lot of pictures. Siri is not my friend. She usually doesn't know what I am saying and it takes several times of trying before she gets it right. I'd rather type it out and be less frustrated. The battery life sucks!!! I can't keep it charged for 8 hours with little to no use. If we use it, forget it because it will only stay charged for a few hours. This is not helpful when we are no where near a car or outlet to charge it. I really miss my 3, it would keep a charge for 2 days or more with little use. I didn't have to worry about being on a hike and running out of power (at least not on the phone). If it the phones can no longer keep a charge for more than a couple of hours, I may eventually go back to something with out a data plan :(...

I ordered a unlocked version, however, when I received it was AT&T; locked - I am in a foreign country and its not working now. I do not know how to deal with this.ThanksHarish

I'm using it from a month ago and everything is working fine, lightweight and beautiful! the bad thing... doesn't have expandable memory and can't change battery.

I purchased  the iPhone 5 for my wife at the holidays.  She  had been using a blackberry.  I bought the IP5 thinking that Apple would be easier for her to use then her BlackBerry. the first thing we noted out-of-the-box was that you cannot use the phone at all without joining the Apple fan club. That's right, after purchasing it from Verizon, handing over several hundred bucks and signing a 2 year contract this was not enough. The phone will not function at all until you agree to join Apple and give them a ton of personal information and a credit card. Ouch!  I have never seen this with any phone purchase in the past!!!I must admit I almost sent the IP5 back right then but it would've spoiled the Christmas surprise and left our moment wanting.  She loves Frank Sinatra's "Fly Me to the Moon" as her ring tone and I've always set that up for.  on her blackberry or my android it takes me about 2 min.  Christmas morning after hours of work we still don't have Frank Sinatra's fly me to the moon playing as my wife's Ring tone and I'm an electronics engineer for a living. I cannot believe how poorly the IP5 is designed and  how shutdown and xenophobic everything is. There is no access to anything. On my droid i just surf to the NAS drive on my net and add anything i want to the phone without leaving my chair.  With IP5 You can't even plug the USB cable and drag a ring tone file into the ring tone folder, or a picture file, or a music file or any other file. You must go into iTunes first which means you do have to download 100 MB of awkwardly coded data and load a music program fraught with forced advertisements to put in a ring tone? Ouch!!!!! Apple is easy? LOL, I don't think so.  Apple free and open, no way.  she's getting used to the phone and after buying an app and searching the web for additional tech support i did get "Fly Me..." on as her ringer.  if I had my way we'd send this thing back and get a phone that doesn't require big brother looking over my shoulder to change ring tones. I don't know how you Apple users do it. all I have to say about our iPhone 5 is yuck. Next phone for the wife will be android.  Me: Proud HTC Droid DNA parent.  My phone is an honor student at Android High.  Wave to the nice people Droid... good job!

el mejor celular del mercado mejor que el s3 segun mi opinion . la faricacion es mas lujosa y es mas rapido

Eu comprei o produto pois precisava de um celular novo e ele realmente superou minhas expectativas. Eu amei a compra e o vendedor ainda enviou uma capinha de graa, enfim, estou muito satisfeito.

Lots of features, slim, lightweight and lots os Apps.I would recommend it to anyone who wants to watch v&iacute;deos and surf the Web.

im in love wit it!!! perfect

The phone came unlock as stated, but hearing is very difficult, great features. Unfortunately the phone was sent outside of the US, so it is difficult to return.

&#34;Amazing seller, i was so disappointed when the iphone arrived, it had few tiny scratches on it which are visible with certain angle plus few scratches on the bezel and on the back of the phone. The good thing was it has warranty till feb 2014. I contacted seller about the scratches and i was not happy with it, spending another 100$ will give a new iphone. Seller was so calm and patient he approached me and solved my problem. I was happy with the buy and now when its in cover it looks like new and my disappointment has completely vanished. I would love to do business with this seller again. Thank you!!!&#34;

Perfect telephone! I bought this phone &#34;used like new&#34; and I've been using it for a while now. I haven't had any problem with it. The charger works perfectly, I even updated the software to The IOS 7. And the seller was a very nice person, very kind in all the steps of the purchase.Thanks a lot!

Great product, it has everything that I need and I hoped for. I strongly recommen it if you do not want to have a big smart phone

I like the phone very much, what I disliked is the fact that my charger is not  working and I am unable to return it for a new charger. If anyone can help me with this problem I would surely appreciate it. It was a very exspensive item to purchase for me. I can not use the phone without the charger. If someone can contact me I would appreciate it very much.  sincerely Mary Costa

It was a very good deal. The phone was listed as used but in fact it was new, or looks like new. 100% satisfied!

This Brand New iphone 5 16GB White phone comes in Original box from Apple with all Original accessories in the box. This iphone 5 16GB phone comes Factory Unlocked for any GSM and will work with any GSM SIM card in the world.

There is an error in your database.This operation was not performed. I bought the iphone 5 in apple storeGuillermo

The I-phone has solved so many issues and problems in my daily life, far too many to mention. Since getting it, we are able to get so many jobs done, without even being at the office. We have shot multiple press interviews, Music videos and even Features using it. The camera offers pics that can actually be published. The I-Phone replaces a calculator, currency and language software, Audio equipment, you can crack nuts open with it. Email, Guitar tuner, etc...The size seems optimal and even after having it dropped a couple of times, it seems to have the Nokia stability that it does not break. With the waterproof cover we have even acquired wonderful under water footage.It is worth any penny and while my friends Samsungs all of a sudden start dial strangers or wake you up by accident in the middle of the night, the I-phone has not done this at all so far. We will use it with the nice additional lens kit for our next feature, "This is 19", which is a follow up to the "Manhattan Dating Project",THE MANHATTAN DATING PROJECT, which we had shot on a Canon XL-1.

estoy en venezuela y se retrasa mucho la entrega aqui en mi pais,  debo decir que el producto funciona muy bien y estoy satisfecho con la compra.

I waited to get the iPhone5 b'cause I needed to access 4G, so limped along on an older 3GS. What a disappointment! iPhone5 has a nicer weight and feel to it than the 4S, but who is this designed for? The distance between ear to bottom ratio with a small keyboard looks like it was made for a guy with a long jaw but tiny fingers. When you turn it sideways to use the keyboard, the screen disppears to half the height :/ Really think Apple jumped the Shark. When other phones are opting for bigger displays, it seems like the iPhone has decided to be the opposite.Not a big fan of Samsung and tired of Apple expecting me to buy a new iphone every 6 mos to year. That, and the inability to get a universal iphone says it's time to move onto the Xperia Z.

I bought this phone this August and found that the serial number of this phone is different with the serial number printed on the box. Then I checked online and found that this phone actually was activated last December. I was shocked and did more research about this phone and its accessories. Unfortunately the accessories are fake.This product was sold on amazon and marked "by apple", and the review looks good too. So I just bought it without any doubt.Please check the serial number of your phone if you bought it from here.

This is my first IPhone, but I am in love. I originally had a G2 T-Mobile phone for about 2 years and decided about 6 months ago, I wanted something more different so I decided to get a IPhone. I loved my G2 Phone but noticed it wasn't faster than my nieces IPhone 4, so I purchased one and its great. The screen is bright and crisp not fuzzy at all, downloading is very fast no matter what you need done. I also was about to purchase a MP3 player because I wanted to watch and download videos,and my G2 phone did not download videos from different websites, so instead of paying another $100 dollars to &300 dollars on a simple MP3 player that probably would stop working or become very slow, I decided to buy this IPhone instead. The only downside is that you have to know how to transfer your mp3 music to this phone. But I am very happy with the decision I made! Thanks Apple!!!

I bought an UNLOCKED iPhone 5 and Amazon sent me a locked one. The seller said they will contact the carrier to unlock it &#34;immediately&#34; but it seems they don't care about the time... I just realized that after 5 days they did not contacted the carrier, but now. I don't really know what to do because I am from Venezuela and nobody want to be responsible of their mistake and I have an iPhone just like a suvinier on my desk. PS: This is the first time I bought something in Amazon, and this is what I get!

this is a good phone i really like it the speak to text is really cool it seems that syrie works more efficient too the panorama picture is amazing i recommend it it`s a good phone

I bought 2 iPhones 5 and using them is a challenge unless you have a power outlet next to you or close all the apps that should be used by a smart phone.15 months later my wife's phone lasts for 2 hours with 10 min talk time..

I am an Apple fan,this phone is real stable software wise,Those other mobile os do crash often,keep the good phone coming Apple,I will always buy from this seller plus my phone reached in two days on time.

muy buena la venta r&aacute;pido la entrega y perfecto el equipo con todos sus accesorios  sin ningun tipo de detalles

I LOVE the iPhone 5 and definitely one of the best choices I've ever done with a phone.I live in Venezuela and it works perfectly..

I was skeptical at first about the slightly longer screen.  I mean, how much could it actually change the user experience.  But after using it for a few minutes I could already see the difference.  Not only could I view more of my incoming emails or more of a website without pinching the screen, but for hd video it was mind blowing.There isn't too much more to talk about between generations as things like an improved camera and faster processor are expected.  But one thing noticeable to me was the thinner body and weight of the unit.For what I need this phone to do, it is just about perfect for my needs.

For all that knows Apple products lnows that the iPhone is second to none.  It is superior and Android has a long way to go to get to that level of consistency across the board with all the different platforms while iOS has just few platform that is optimized for those devices.

They're the best equipment I could buy, fast, and elegant design with.

I got this product and it's completely new, no scratches or anything. i'm very happy with this buy and definitely exceeded my expectations

Junk broken very very used broken glass . What a late crappy birthday. gift

What can I say ?? I phone 5 is amazing as I expected !! the reason I gave 4 not 5 is that there is no much change between 4s and 5 but still the bigger screen and the loud volume with THE HUGE processor that APPLE added to the new phone may encourage anyone to buy it !! No doubt it is the best phone in the smartphones market !!

The iPhone's quality has once again been proven as many flock to Apple Stores to purchase the new device. I personally feel that while the iPhone has not added any drastic new features, it has almost perfected the ones that are familiar to past Apple customers. The device is very sleek and well-built. After two months of regular use, it still appears to be new. The screen is fingerprint resistant unlike many of the past iPhones. The camera is excellent (not to say that past iPhone's haven't been able to take good images). It can take panoramas--a very well done effort by Apple to take existing ideas from third party applications and perfect them. The main disadvantage of the iPhone 5 is the lack of good maps support. However, given that Apple is the most valuable company in the world, I am confident that it will spend a portion of its wealth to perfect iMaps in coming iOS updates.

muy buen telefono, es exelente quizas el mejor que alla salido hasta ahora, el envio fue rapido y un exelente vendedor, lo recomiendo....

When we received the iphone, the inside box was opened, the seal was also removed. I suspected this iphone is not brand new, it must be returned by someone, I don't think this iphone is worth this price.

I am pretty hesitant in purchasing any used product. However, the iphone 5 was listed as good as new (9.9/10), so I brought it. I got a nano SIM Card from T-mobile and it works perfectly. The new display in iphone 5 is slightly better than iphone4S/ 4. The batty also works approximately 2 days after fully charged. I also liked the new panorama feature. What makes the iphone 5 better than other good quality phones, is its big screen. In spite of its big screen he phone fits easily in my jeans pocket however, other  good phone with similar features are much bigger and therefore impracticable to easily carry around.

The phone is worse than I think, the degree of damage on the surface of the cell phone is very serious.

I received this phone and it was in ok condition. Someone had replaced the screen and there were tool marks all around the edges but the phone appeared to function properly. A couple months went by and I noticed that something was loose inside, I then took it to apple to have it repaired and they told me that there were screws missing from the battery that was allowing it to shift around and that it could not be repaired. I traded it to apple for a replacement from them for nearly the same price I purchased this one for. moral of the story is that I wasted my money( should have just gotten it from apple to begin with)

Esta en excelentes condiciones. Recomiendo este vendedor, sus art&iacute;culos llegan en el tiempo estimado y son a&uacute;n mejor que lo descrito. Me encanta

The newest iOS update is worse than before. I just lost all my text messages because the iCloud backup corrupted them. AppleCare made it worse as they had me reset the phone twice and erase everything.  The iCloud backup is useless.  Manually backup often to your computer.  Lost all kinds of important job related text info!  Looking at Microsoft phones again, have had it with this techno junk.

It's light, its interface is very fast, the design is elegant and classic, screen colors are super crisp and beautiful, would recommend.

THIS IPHONE LIKE IT SO MUCH, THE SIZE IS PERFECT AND THE APP HELP ME IN MY JOB AND MY RECREATION TIME

it was a gift

Optimum product met all my expectations recommend this product to everyone besides modern very fast and very light apple and also improved a lot in the pixel with good quality of photos

Because it works perfectly and it is amazing all the things you can do with it. It is simply awesome

I really disappointed because I was order an iphone 5 with status is like new,but I received this package, I see it have scratch so much on screen and border.I want  get iphone 5 like new only.Can you feed back as soon as possible for me?

Hi, I bought this iphone for almost a month, I'm using it for two weeks and has manufacturing defects: The Lightning input Connector damaged. When connected, usually do not charge anything, I can not use the phone while connected because the screen loses control. The cable stopped working the second day, I had to buy another for myself.I am a customer of Apple for many years and this product does not work at all well, I demand a change. I am in Peru, and would like to change it as soon as possible, please let me know what to do and what would be the approximate time to have a new product in good condition. Thank you.

This may have been a ground breaking product years ago, but it's getting very long in the tooth now.Every man and his dog has had one, and they have all the appeal and sexiness of some art deco furniture (cool but impractical).The richest company on the planet is churning these out like wonka bars from sweat shops and they've hardly changed since they first arrived.So yes smart phones were pretty much invented here and there's nothing bad about them, but Android/Windows are both better choices now.The love affair with Mac (or rabbit in headlights, marketing managed euphoria) is over - style over substance will only hold peoples attention if you can keep evolving.

I'm a huge fan of my Apple products, and so far this phone has met and exceeded all my expectations

My bro and mom has this phone, ever sense they got it in that awesome apple box......... i couldnt help but to think i will get that phone no matter what the cost.

Do not pay extra for an unlocked iPhone 5, all iPhone 5's are unlocked by default. It's only the 4S and below with a standard SIM card that require a real factory unlock. I have my iPhone 5 from Verizon, you can pull the nano SIM out of the factory verizon phone and plug in another from ATT and it will work. Ask two friends on different carriers who both have iPhone 5's switch the SIM card and watch them both work.

It is great!  I just wish it could be long time used! But it just lack of data cable and charger..

Compr&eacute; este tel&eacute;fono para traerlo a Vzla y todo va muy bien. Excelente vendedor altamente recomendado a toda la comunidad.

Seriously din't be from this retailer. I got a used phone and had to send it back. While the customer service was super friendly and helpful, they did not manage to send me a replacement after two weeks. Indeed, it is Christmas season but companies should focus on providing service for the people who already paid for their phone and not focus on more sales. Save yourslf all the trouble that I and several people had and buy this phone somewhere else.

It was scratched at several sites, and the package was obviously reproduced.  Although the iphone can be used normally, it was obviously an used one, and not a brand new one.

So, the title here says it all.  This phone is a raging liberal, complete with fake dreadlocks and patchouli smell.  DO NOT get this phone anywhere near Bill O'Reilly.  You will be bothered by hours of drivel running the gamut from free healthcare for poor Native American children to rants about how the social policies of Mao Zedong were beneficial for China's economic interests in the long run.  Never shut up until I discovered that it is the perfect height to fit under the leg of my dining room table and stop the wobble.  On the positive side, though, the gorilla glass holds up well when used as a spatula, though I can't recommend its use on non-stick pans.  Proven to be reliable at dropping calls, I found the intrusiveness of the Apple OS to be a bit reminiscent of Orwell's 1984.  If you take this phone over to your mother's house, be prepared for random outbursts of profanity, as Siri has become quite a vindictive b***h.  It's like she feels entitled to attention or something.All this aside, the product was designed in California.  So 5 stars.

Phone works great and I didn't have any problems when I visited the ATT store for the Nano sim.  This is my first IPhone, expensive, but I am happy with the purchase. Contract ending soon and I didn't want another 24 months, just to get the discount on the iPhone. Which everyone knows, its not a discount because your stuck in a contract that enables them to make twice the value of the phone.

Simple to use, very fast, clear Retina Display, lightweight. The best iPhone ever, with such a good sound quality even for phone calls! LOL!!

hey everything was great and it meet my expectation but it got stolen from me with in two weeks is there anything that you guys can do to help me out with finding it

It looks great even with id lock when I got it.Anyway, seller help me remove it on time.Next time, make sure you have removed it.

Excellent. Brand new iphone and it was received on time!!!!

This is an excellent product, very smart and useful.I could recommend it for everyone who love end tech.This is a beautiful device too.

Really upset 'cause the charger was not the original one. Just three days and the charger was having problem. dissapointing

Realmente un buen celular, muy buena tecnolog&iacute;a, la calidad de la c&aacute;mara es realmente buena, es s&uacute;per delgado el celular.

I have owned products from this company since the beginning of the 1990s. Love the company. The computers are MUCH better than the phones! The 5 is very average. It is lighter than the 4 & 4s. When holding a 4  and 5 in separate hands, the weight difference is amazing. The camera and video functions work well. The panoramic function is fun, but does get choppy, even with a consistent hand. Still, it is a fun feature. I wish the phone had a coating on the screen that prevented scratches, but this feature would cause all cell manufacturers to lose big $, so I will not hold my breath. The battery life on this phone is THE ABSOLUTE WORST of any cell phone I have ever used. It is beyond awful. I do not used my phone more than the average cell phone user, so that is not the cause. Nor do I use apps. The problem is simply that the battery life sucks!!!!!! This is the worst feature of the phone. I do not find the phone to be any faster than other smartphones. I think most are comparable. The touchscreen is problematic, as oftentimes touches are not recognized. As for Siri-she sucks! I do not know one person who has said otherwise. Siri does NOT recognize what is spoken to her more than 5% of the time, and that 5% is generous!! The voice recognition on the iPhone 5 is subpar. I do not think it is worth wasting my time trying to use it, as I always have to correct it. It is much easier to pull car over, go to Safari and type in the info I want & go from there. DO NOT depend on Siri or voice recognition for anything. When Siri does understand what you say, she can get you the info requested, but is more likely to frustrate you. If you do use the keypad for typing, always check before you send! The 5 is notorious for mistakes because the keys are so small the user will hit many wrong keys, resulting in unreadable text. It should be noted that I have very small hands and fingers. I cannot imagine what it must be like for those who are larger. Another problem with the typing is the tendency to hit the space bar instead of the bottom row on the keyboard. It makes for strange texts, but when people find out I have an iphone 5 they almost always understand. It is a very common problem. As for problems or glitches, every phone will have some duds. My friend bought the 5 and after having had to go back to the store 3 times in 6 days & exchanging the 1st phone for another she returned it and got a Samsung. She wishes she never got rid of her Blackberry, but is much happier with the Samsung than the 5. Several friends have had problems with the notifications not working. Sometimes the 5 simply shuts down and a reset has to be performed to turn the phone back on, which is very annoying. However, this is not the only phone for which this happens.Basically, this is an average phone. I think I am rating it higher than I would if I was not such a Mac/Apple fan.It is not worth the hype and certainly should not be seen as a status symbol. Why people think having a certain phone makes them better than those with other phones is beyond me, but that is what some believe. Of course, this does not apply to all users, those who do know who they are. In my opinion there is nothing special about the phone.

I have the iphone already, it looks like new, but isnt, when i tried to activate the game center in the iphone this told me that already the account exists (User: Rachel), the same way with the Icloud.

This was the best phone at the time I purchased it until the 5s came out. Great materials, solid construction as well as the software. Recommended if you can afford it.

Scam! They sell it as new, pack as new, but they are used. Both this iphone 5 and within 1 week it broke. I contact apple and find out the phone was 2 years old.

I have been using the iPhone starting with the very first one.  It was expensive back then.  So, in comparison, today's prices really are not that bad.  So my thoughts on the iPhone 5 are:1) Retina display is awesome.  Everything looks more defined and sharper.  It is like wearing glasses for the first time!  There is much color and clarity out there... or should I say, in those digital images and videos...  needless to say, the camera as well captures great images.2) Call quality is excellent, no issues at all.  I also like the new earbuds better.  They fit my ears better and call signal is very good.  By the way, the packaging of the earphones was A+++.3) Build - same as all previous iPhones, maybe a tad sturdier.  I dropped my phone last night when I got off my car, so it now has a skid mark one of the aluminum corners - boy am I happy it was just a ragged little nick on the outer antenna (corner).  The glass did not shatter or crack.  The aluminum back wasn't scratched.  Of course the way it fell may have mattered, but still, a drop on our concrete garage floor is a drop.  The experience speaks well of Apple.4) Size and shape - this is where I took out a star.  The increased screen size looks good.  But a longer, thinner, "uniform-flatness" shape - although indeed a great form factor visually - does not translate into a comfortable hold.  I feel like I am holding on to only the right and left side of the phone, almost daintily (like holding a small teacup with your little pinky upturned).  My thumb on one side, and my pointer and third finger on the other.  The back does not even touch my palm.  I am not sure how others hold their phones, but I feel a little awkward with this one.  I am tempted to but a bulky case (like some ugly Otterbox or one with extended battery) but then it wouldn't look as trendy.So I leave it at that.  I love my phone and I use it a lot, mostly for communication purposes, and not for entertainment.  But I am still adjusting to how I am supposed to hold this neat little thing comfortably.  iPhone 4's shape was better, in my opinion, but everything else about the 5 is better than 4 or 4S.To each his own!  This review is not an all-encompassing review, so read it with a grain of salt, and most of all, enjoy your new phone, whatever it may be!

Best product ever, 100% satisfaction! no regrets, cellstore33 is the best not one of the best ,the best! I totally recommend to anyone  looking to buy an iphone 5, should totally check them out. Thumps up 5 stars rating well deserved. Plus the shipping is ridiculously fast.thanks a million again for everything, :)

Had a 4s and wanted to upgrade to a 5 gen.. Just like the 5s but cheaper. Feels solid, better looking than the 5c.

&#304;t was unlocked but from verizon. Now i have been in Turkey and i use safely. &#304; have no problem with this phone. And also ios 7 is rock !! :)

I had the phone for 1 week before it told me i have not enough space left on the device.... Follow my advice if you want to make photos and videos with this stunning cam inside you will need this version at least [...]

Great product I enjoy it and I hope others enjoy it as we'll. excellency is based on A great product and this is a great product.

iPhone 5 IS artilhe best in It's category. Great design, awesome features and the best Apps available on market through AppStore

It is a toy for me that have a lot of functions.  I will never use most of them.  From the other side, it is fery friendly.  I am using it with no problems.

You would think that after spending $650 on a phone that is highly susceptible to receiving scratches and dirty fingerprints that it would be courteous to add a protective cover for free and one that would also have an accessible earphone jack. I bought one in advance knowing that the problem with scratches and other wear and tear would be a factor to consider when using this phone. I've taken the phone out of its protective cover a couple of times and it already shows evidence of my doing so. This greatly aggravates me. I suggest to anyone purchasing an iPhone to consider purchasing a protective case also.

I had my doubts about moving from Android to iOS, but it seems is a great phone. On the other hand, some configurations didn't work for me, i.e.: import my gmail contacts, I followed several 2 or 3 procedures on the web, but it didn't work.The rest of features, are good, I like it

This is one of the best online experiences I ever had. My iPhone 5 works great just as item was posted. With a case too.

the phone lagged between screens and apps and after reading forums online, I found I wasn't the only one experiencing this. I returned the phone and tried the Blackberry Z10. Their new "Hub" feature was nice, however the OS just didn't flow too well with BB's new gesture commands. Navigating through screens was not a pleasant experience. But i still love apple product!

I am very happy with this product. I had other phones, but this is easy to work with, with lot of options and very reliable.

No problems at all with the seller. The iphone is working fine. I live outside the US and I didn't have any problems activating it with a local carrier.

He was very thoughtful with a letter explaining everything, it came with almost everything even the warranty, but it didn't have the thing to open the tray for the sim card

The best celular phone ever!!! Excellent hardware performance and iOS system is very robust and has a easy and beautiful interface..

Like playing chess, internet shopping can be very entertaining if you know your way around scammers, price manipulators, or so call unbiased comparisons that are dubious at best.  Then you have your sites that go out of their way, spending valuable time discrediting other items without promoting theirs.  Then you ask yourself why?  And when you sort through what's left from your choices, you find that you have very few phones left to choose from.  Then I hit a promotional site for one of those phones and it links me to another site that linked me to the site that condemned the Apple phone.  AHAhhh!  Just as I guessed it, someone was paid to bad mouth the iPhone 5.  The issue my iPhone was having was an issue that is addressed at the Apple Store but not at my carrier.  Apple told me the iPhone 5 out of the box has all of its functions turned on to be seen and appreciated.  However, no one utilizes all these tools at the same time.  Take for example cell phone networks: the iPhone comes out of the box searching for 1/2 dozen networks. But since it only needs to find your network, all other searches are a waste of power.  So you need to turn them off.  This goes for WiFi as well.  Out of the box and its hunting for WiFi, Bluetooth, everything.  Turn everything you are not using off and your phone will last all day.  And that goes for apps and other noticeable tools.  Then you can set your screen display brightness, for office, sunlight, etc...  The brighter the screen has to be the more power it uses.  This goes for any phone.

this is the best smartphone ever made. there is no denying. epic design with epic abilities. slimmer, LESS heavier.  just epic.

I was going to return it but today is the deadline and it's Sunday. I now have it on Craig's List for sale. I can only use this phone with AT&T so now I think it sucks. It's an UnLocked IPhone, I should be able to use it with any company but sadly AT&T is the only one I can find a Nano Sim card for this phone.

It is a Great iphone, high quality. It is not only a phone, also a tool which is strong out of my imagine.

Is simple, is the finest cellphone ever, have style, have power, have an excellent camera, and a good OS, love this!

Apple iphone is still the best one in the world, cool design, super fast, super lighter, retina display is really cool and is extremely responsive, it never freezes, an incredible app store with millions of excelent apps, the volumen have been improved, there aren't any other smartphone that can beat the iphone 5.
