
Replaced Galaxy S--multitasking is amazing, speed is amazing, screen is stunning.  Love the on screen writing. Just starting to use.  This phone should keep me happy for a while.  Wish there were more accessories.

Being a Samsung Galaxy S user for the past two years, I felt worried about choosing an LG phone when I'm so used to the comfort of knowing what to expect from a Samsung product. I spent more than an hour in the store using both the LG Optimus G and the Galaxy S3 in an attempt to make the perfect decision since I would probably carry this phone for the next two years. After spending a month with this phone I discovered that my choice has been perfect. The first thing you will notice about this phone is the incredible screen; a bright 4.7 inch display that is rich and deep with colors, which makes the galaxy S3 display look "fake" in a way due to the realistic colors of the LG screen. Thanks to 2GB of ram and a quad core CPU the phone is VERY fast, from gaming to web browsing you will not feel the phone lagging or slowing down at any point. You can open several webpages , play a game while answering a phone call and the phone will remain as smooth as the second you bought it. Battery life has been mind blowing, I have been getting a MINIMUM of 12 hours on days which I constantly use the phone. The look and feel of the phone are great thanks to the glass back and front which allow the phone to stand out and turn heads. Voice quality has been on par with what I expect from a modern phone and the data speed when it comes to LTE is amazing. This phone is a must buy for anyone who is interested in a smartphone that will remain strong and updated for the next two years.

I've been an avid Apple supporter for years, and I still love my Macbook Pro more than anything. But having switched from an iPhone 4 to an LG Optimus G (for a penny no less), I have to say, I'm blown away, and I can't imagine ever wanting to go back to an iPhone. Comparing it with the iPhone 5, the Optimus G blows the iPhone out of the water. The specs are top notch, the phone is super fast as is the 4G LTE, and the screen is large enough and clear enough to make any gaming or movie viewing on the go quite enjoyable.

the Good: First lets get the good out first, this phone is great! It's super fast i bought 2 of them in fact i like this phone so much. The LG UI isn't bad either, i have had tons of other ROMS on my ATRIX 4G and this is fine UI. It's not overdone and adds some nice touches. It's blazing fast and doesn't have jellybean and project butter yet. Don't listen to the reviews if you want to get the software off the phone root it. Also we should have support for as long as the nexus 4 does, because the bootloader is already unlocked and we practically have the same hardware that the nexus 4 does.The bad: I have bought many things through Amazon and never had any problems until i bought 2 of these phones. First off i had unlimited data from AT&T; and i lost that because there was only 2 options data 1. 3gb plan 2. a 500mb plan. Then when they shipped both my phones and activated both of the Optimus's simcards. So since they activated the simcards my 2 phones then stopped working. I had no service from 2pm Thanksgiving day until 10am on Black Friday; because that was when i was able to stop into my local AT&T; store and get 2 new sim cards.the ugly: Then when the two phones came on Monday my fiance took her iPhone in to the local AT&T; store to transfer her contacts from the iPhone to the her new Android phone. They couldn't transfer her contacts over because they said the phone was too new and they needed a software update to recognize the Optimus. Then when i got home from work and tried to get the phone to work they never sent me a sim card and my current phone didn't have a microsim card that is needed for the Optimus. So i had to stop at the AT&T; store yet again and get another sim card for my Optimus G.

I've had this phone for a few months. Great phone fast processor. Doesn't skip a beat. Display is beautiful. 2GB of RAM for multitasking. LTE(in some places). Good Camera. The build quality of the device is great feels solid in the hand with some weight to it. It has so many features and call quality is great. Its just a great phone!

The upsides to this phone are pretty well covered in other reviews, I'd rather talk about what I have going wrong  even though I do really like the phone.-It gets hot. Like really hot. I was playing a game on my lunch break and was holding it by the edges, when I was done, the screen was very hot to the touch (will try to replicate and actually take a reading next time. I actually powered it off, and put it on an ice pack before I put it back on the charger.-It lags. I know people say that there isn't any lag, but I have found a LOT. Even after disabling animation and switching between keyboards, at times I have to stop and wait to see what it is that I wrote, even having to touch the text area to get it to update. Apps freeze up on it at times and it won't let them close. I've had to soft-reboot at least 4 times in as many months.-Settings are in weird places and sometimes, cannot be changed. It has a different location for things than other Android devices that I've had.-Contacts list take a long time to manage, and then reverts back to what it had in the first place anyway. I finally figured out how to clear all of my Facebook friends off of the list except those already in my phone. One setting change, and it re-synced everything despite my previous settings.-No troubleshooting established yet. I've tried to address these changes, and all I have been directed to by AT&T; and LG are basic set-up procedures, not fixes or recognition of issues.I do like the phone, but I get frustrated with it a lot, and I haven't seen anyone else recognize any of these issues, so maybe I have a lemon. Either way, it doesn't function as well as I had hoped-but is still functional and fun.

I have had this phone sense the launch date, so about 2 weeks, and in that short time i can safely say this phone is incredible. It multitasks like a charm, with its quad-core processor and 2 GBs of RAM. It also has NFC, which is what the samsung galaxy s 3 is famous for from it's commercials. (I have yet to try that feature out though). The phone looks very nice. feels very sturdy. Has Gorilla glass on front and back, and has a big display 4.7 inch. still feels comfortable in the hands and the pocket. it is kind of a shame I am getting an ugly cover to cover it's sleek  look. (no cheap plastic for the back but better to be safe I guess). The camera works great, has a nice working flash. This phone is blazing fast. I have had no issues with hang ups or freezes. I personally have been pushing this phone to its limits a lot sense I got it, and it works great. It can run hot if it is worked heavy for a while, plus it runs hotter charging and being used heavily. But I have not come across over heating or anything. My only complaint is I just wish the battery was a bit better. It last the day on low to medium use.  And almost all games work perfectly on it. And can handle a 64 gb micro sdxc card. The bluetooth works great as well.Overall the best phone I have used.

I have had this phone for about a week now and I must say that I found this to be an excellent Android Superphone, I just love it.This phone is blazing fast and AT&T;'s 4G LTE gives great download speeds on this phone. Its bright and sharp display beats Galaxy S3's display any time. Playing games and watching videos on this is a great experience.I bought this phone hoping that the quad-core Qualcomm S4 Pro processor and 2 GB RAM on this phone will ensure that this phone is competitive for another 2 years.PROS: Qualcomm S4 Quad-code processor, 2 GB RAM, Amazing display, Battery lifeCONS: Less Case choices as it is new, Android 4.0 - hoping LG will update soonIt is same like Nexus 4 (which is the best phone out there) with LTE and SD Card slot, what else you can ask for  ;-)

When I received this phone, I was amazed by the beautiful structure of it. It's made out of gorilla 2 glass so I was a little worried that I would break it. But when I held it and felt the soled build my worries went away. After turning it on I had a notification that the update android 4.1.2 (Jelly bean) needed to be downloaded once it did I went on my way setting up it was so easy. I think LG hit it out the ball park with this phone!

I was wary of getting this phone for a few reasons.-My previous experience with LG cell phones was limited to a flip phone several years ago, which became next to useless after ~9 months.-I hadn't heard people talk about LG cell phones since the Chocolate.-LG makes smartphones?I was upgrading from a Samsung Infuse 4G (think Galaxy S with a larger screen, HSPA+, and less support and accessories). I liked the big screen (still bigger than the iPhone) and the microSD slot of the Infuse; I did not like the slow pace of OS updates from Samsung, and the cheap-feeling back cover.I had been looking at the Samsung Galaxy S III and the HTC One X+ before reading about the Optimus G (and it's brother, the Nexus 4). While the speed and feel of the One X+ was very nice, and I've never heard a bad thing from friends with other HTC models, I didn't like that I couldn't expand the storage (although 64 GB built in is impressive). While the GS3 has sold like an iPhone (therefore would have support from Samsung and/or the rooting and modding community, not to mention cases and accessories), and it has a large screen and expandable storage, it felt cheap to me with it's flimsy plastic back (much like the Infuse), and the AT&T; version only packs a dual-core CPU. While an easily replaceable battery is nice, I haven't had a problem with dead batteries in electronics since my 3rd gen iPod.Now to sell the Optimus G. I've had it for about a week now, and I love it. It originally caught my eye due to it's technical specs: 4.7" 720p (approx) display, quad-core CPU, 2 GB RAM, etc. I'm a little annoyed that the AT&T; version has an 8MP back camera (vs. 13MP of most other Optimus G models), but I do like the flat, flush back panel that the 8MP camera allows, and the AT&T; model is the only Optimus G model with a microSD slot. What I didn't realize until I've had it for awhile, and now one of my favorite things about it, is it's fit and finish. While I don't doubt that Samsung makes quality phones, the GS3 doesn't feel as nice as this. The Optimus G looks and feels like an expensive, high-quality device. While I will be putting it in a case, I REALLY don't want to - it looks that good. It does feel a bit slippery without a case, though, and I do want to protect it.Downsides? It still has Ice Cream Sandwich - LG needs to get that Jelly Bean update out ASAP. Also, since it probably won't sell as well as the iPhone and GS3, case selection will be limited, and support from the mod/root community won't be as extensive (if that's your thing).In short, this phone is awesome - it's fast, it's easy to use, and DAMN it looks good. Get it.

LG Optimus G 4G Android Phone (AT&T;)I am not techie but good enough to use my phone to its max. This phone is my primary way to get news, I use it to do my banking, pay my bills, shop on line and everything it can do.When my 2 years contract with AT&T; on iphone 4 was over, I wanted larger screen thus i jumped the 'longer' iphone 5 and checked Android operating phones. I liked the LG Optimus G and signed my contract. The transition was easy. It took me less than a week to be familiar with Android.The phone is sleek, light and not-too-big and not-too-small for an average hand. Here are my consumer opinion...*This phone runs on Ice cream Sandwich, an OS released on DECEMBER 2011. It is more than 2 yrs old. I assume Google has done whole lot of improvements on its OS in the last two yrs but this phone gets the relatively 'outdated' version. First time buyers like me assumes they will be getting the latest version but end up with 28 months old OS. For me, it is deal breaker. If i were to know this, i wouldn't touch this phone.*once every two to three days, the phone freezes. It sucks.*It is plasticky to touch.*The camera is HORRIBLE...HORRIBLE...HORRIBLE. The 13MP spec that comes with it is a gimmick. The pictures, specially in less light situations are as bad as the flip-phone pictures.*FIRST TIME BUYER--BEWARE...Google lets use LG and Samsung to use the older and in Google's perspective 'outdated' or 2nd or 3rd rated versions of its operating system. If you want updated OS, go get Nexus or iPhones.

This quad-core phone has the fast processor time of many of the newest phones, yet it's old enough to be very inexpensive (I paid a penny). I love that it's not quite as large as some of the newest (I already have a tablet!) but offers a beautiful screen that is easily read. Most of all - this is a usable phone with all the smart grade updates. Did I mention that it was cheap??

Prior to this phone I had a Google Nexus S. It's could only use the 3G network, so using maps, web browsing, trading were all off the table.Like a knight in shining armor, Price Optimus G saved me from the dark, slow, frustrating mobile life. He showed me the ways. He showed me what it means to have a quad-core processor. He showed me what's like to have a HD screen. He showed me what it means to have good stamina (7 AM - 9 PM with moderate use using Wifi? no problem!). He showed me the true power of 4G LTE.and we live happily ever after...P.S. I wiped his brain and installed Android 4.2.2 (from CyanogenMod). So far it's been working flawlessly. I got it when it was on sale for $0.01. Unfortunately, the price just went up a bit... I believe this is a great alternative to S4 and HTC One which go from $150 to $200 with a 2 year contract...

If you browse or do business on your phone, you can't beat this screen. LG supplies screen to Apple, so no wonder they put the best screen available on this phone. With LG zero gap touch technology the phone is ultra thin.LG is trying to come back to game with high end hardware - gorilla corning glass on front/back, laser cut gun mental edges, and of course the brilliant display.You'll get Jelly Bean upgraded soon, which, combined with Qualcomm's Snapdragon S4 PRO quad core, coupled with 2GB RAM and 32 GB memory (16 GB on-board + 16 GB sd card) makes this one of a kind device that has most up to date spec, beating iPhone 5 hands down. You will be amazed how well maps and navigation works with Android as compared to iPhone. Android also comes with many other cool features like NFC tags that are completely missing on iPhone.The battery life is outstanding according to mashable review. Overall, this is a well rounded Android phone with hardware specs worth paying for. I had it on the same day it was released, and have been loving it since then.Cons: Head phones not included in the box. Charger cable could be a little longer.

I was very resitant to move into the tech world and get a smart phone. I was very excited that amazon wirless had my exact phone for 50 less than att web site.

I just recently upgraded to this phone from my Motorola Atrix. When I got to the time when I could upgrade I was looking through all the phones available at the moment. The Samsung Galaxy S3, and Note II, were at the top of my list, until I saw this phone. A quad core processor just like the note, but at a quarter of the price, that definitely caught my attention.I loved my Atrix, and there's some things, like the finger print scanner, and front facing notification led, that I miss, other than that the lg is amazingly superior.When I got the phone home I started downloading all my old apps. ES File Explorer is a must since the latest android builds don't have a built in file explorer any more. As I was downloading the apps, and switching over my settings and contacts, I would find myself being surprised as I looked from the LG's screen to the Atrix's. Side by side the Atrix screen just seemed so much smaller and less colorful.The LG has a large bright screen which just looks great. However the glass definitely has a glare when outside. I'm glad to say this doesn't make it impossible to read though. The glass definitely reflects shine, but with the screen brightness auto adjust on I had no trouble reading it in sunlight as long as the sun wasn't reflecting directly in my face.The LG, despite being larger, is actually quite a bit lighter than the Atrix, and so far has a much better battery life.The call quality and connection speed are amazing. Loading web pages the LG puts the Atrix to shame, pages load in a fraction of the time, most likely due to the LG's higher processing power and speed. Another great surprise was how fast the LG starts. I always turn my phones off at night, waiting for the Atrix to boot could take a minute or more. The LG boots in about 5 seconds. This is a HUGE improvement and something that consistently surprises me when I see it, since I'd become so used to the slow boot time of the Atrix.The only things I don't necessarily like about the LG Optimus G are minor, first is that the notification light is on the power button, not the front, unless you lay it down with the button facing you, that makes it pretty much useless. Though seeing the power button glowing red when charging is pretty cool.I don't really like that the charge port is on the bottom of the phone either. I liked the side mounted port of the Atrix because that allowed me to stand the phone up by my monitor to see any incoming notifications. This can easily be fixed by laying the LG down in landscape mode, but I personally just like having it standing upright better.Aside from minor things like adjusting the keyboard, and having to download a file explorer app, the phone is great. Exactly what I expected, and even if it isn't running the absolute latest version of android, I don't particularly care honestly. Because this phone is so fast it loads everything in a flash, I have yet to experience any lag whatsoever.I've kept my Atrix, to use as a very sturdy and dependable MP3 player, but everything else is being done through the LG and I couldn't be happier, surfing the web and such is so much faster and smoother now that I'm definitely glad I upgraded to this phone.

I am so impressed with the clear display.good touch, beautiful screen, great user interface, memory upgrade is possible with memory slot in att version.but the quality of 8M camera in att version is not good enough comparing 13M camera in sprint version.overall this phone is the most amazing phone I have ever seen and used until now.

I had an HTC Inspire 4g that was stolen approximately 4-weeks ago. This device was recommended to me by the insurance rep at Assurion. I also had a Blackberry Storm 3-years prior to having to replace it with the HTC Inspire.LG Optimus pros:* The graphics are amazing.* The processor is super-fast.CONS:* The battery only stays charged for 1.2 - 3 hours [depending on brightness setting].* The battery is inaccessible.* "Enhanced multi-tasking" - NOT! Rather than making open apps available from the notification bar, you must go back,  find the app you want and open it separately...then repeat to go back to where you were.* Determining how to choose where to store downloads, etc is still a mystery. I spent 30-minutes on the phone with an AT&T; rep and he knew even less than I. Put one SD card in, downloads are automatically saved to the card, while another saves to the device. And regardless which SD card I use music downloaded from my Amazon Cloud is automatically stored on the device. Although I'll most likely figure this out on my own, in my opinion the functionality issues are counter-intuitive.

I've been an iPhone user since the 3g, and was sorely disappointed with the iPhone 5.  All they added was LTE and an extra row of icons? Really Apple? That's innovation?Nope. I'm just plain bored with iOS at this point and want something truly new.  I'm super satisfied with the decision to cut the cord with Apple and try out Android for the next 2 years.  If you are a die-hard Apple fan, this won't change your mind, but if you're on the fence, this is review is probably relevant.Here is why I'm sacrificing all the $$ I spent on the app store over the past 4 years and returned my iPhone 5 for the Optimus G...Screen - 1280x800 vs 1156x640. The OG is truly HD, with a higher pixel density. It's also physically larger, which is nice.Storage - 32GB on the base OG model. Only 16GB for a simlarly priced iP5. The OG is also expandable with a larger SD card.Maps - Google maps have been around for years. Apple maps, not so much. It shows in the quality (especially street-view).NFC - Google wallet? Pay for gas by swiping my phone? Nice.  Apple passbook, not so much.Miracast - Just like AirPlay, but you don't need an AppleTV.  It's a bit more of an open standard, so you'll have more choice in receiver hardware.Speed - Probably a tie here.  LTE is LTE, so the internet is blazing fast on both phones.  iOS is crazy optimized for apple hardware, so runs faster on lesser spec'd hardware. The OG makes up for this with brute force - Quad core cpu, Adreno 320 gfx, 2GB RAM, etc...Apps - This was the primary pain point when switching. I've probably spent around $200 on apps in the Apple App store, plus there are 1 or 2 apps that I use regularly that aren't available for Android (yet).  Most of that $$ spent was on games, though, and I just don't play that many games on my phone any more.  My current favorites are FIFA 13, and Angry Birds Space. Both available on Android.  So many games these days rely on in-app-purchase (which I hate) that I don't even bother. Everything else - Twitter, Facebook, Pandora, RunKeeper, Podcasts, etc... - are ready to go.  Plus, Android has all sorts of crazy customizations available.  Want to use a PS3 controller as a gamepad for a NES emulator? No problem.  Want to download a video via bittorrent straight to your phone, then stream it to your TV? No problem.  Battery draining too fast? Download one of a dozen battery analyzer and/or optimization apps and kill battery draining processes.  This phone will go 2 days in Eco mode with a couple power management apps installed.OS - Android is amazingly customizable.  If you like to tweak and customize things to your liking, then Android is the way to go.  Rows of square icons have gotten so mundane over the past 4 years, and Android's smart panels are a breath of fresh air.  The phone comes with LG's version of Android 4.0.4, and they are releasing 4.1 one of these days.  There is already a root/unlock solution, so custom OS's and further upgrades will become available from the Android community.I don't want to incite Apple vs. Google flame wars with this review, but simply show that it is possible to switch from iOS to Android after several years of iPhone use.  Apple has been the undisputed smartphone champion for years, and there are finally competitors worth looking at - even buying.

It is fragile but worth it.  Super fast and the multitasking on it is just unreal!  I cannot wait until LG comes out with their latest!  I refuse to be a Samsung Slut and don't even get me started on that fruit company!

A great prepaid phone for the price and $50. Calling card. Have to be very careful of Black Center Key, when texting people. If you text one person a message, and accidentlly touch Center Key, you can send a text to the wrong person. Very touch sensitive.  Other than that, a fabulous phone. Still keep it for a back up.  Would recommend it to anyone. Limited on Web site access, but still great.

I TRIED I REALLY DID!!!!,THIS PHONE JUST DIDNT GET IT,THE SCREEN WOULD GO BLACK IN USE ,HAVE TO POWER DOWN TO GET IT BACK TO USE,IF A CALL CAME IN SOME UNKNOWN PAGE WOULD POP UP. I HAD IT FOR 6 MO,AND NOW ITS GOING BACK TO BOX UP TO THE TOP SHELF.

Speed: 5/5Look:  4.5/5Display: 4.5/5Size: 4.5/5Software: 3.0/5Overall: 4.5/5The only issue with this phone is, it is still on ICS when we already have key lime pie hitting the market.Also it appears this phone is not as popular as HTC One X and S3 so finding accessories will be little tricky.

Pros: nice screen when it works, big screen, performance, gobs of memory plus(At&T;) microSD expansion (a must-have for convenience transferring music andpictures to a new phone or your PC)-Cons: battery life, non-replaceable battery, poor sound, no keyboard or opticalmouse, clumsy interface, no stock flashlight app, overheating issues, non-standard charger profile--  Had this phone 2 weeks and hating it. Previous phone was an HTC Desire..this was &#34;Supposed&#34; to be an upgrade. This was a regrettable impulse buy.Bbuy was selling it for a buck plus a 200 buck gift cert with contract.Now I'm locked in for 2 yrs with a barely useable phone.-  First off, poor poor battery life. Poor poor sound volume...you can barelyhear anything with a phone cover on it which renders the phone useless.-  Phone apparently requires a minimum 1000mA  charger or it takes 40 hoursto charge!  Most micro usb chargers are 500mA. So don't think that you can useyour old charger..maybe you can ,maybe you can't ...unless you don't mindwaiting.- I used the flashlight for a few minutes and it shutdown with an overheatingerror. Never happened on my HTC.- The Off button is located on the right side, not the top. On the top, my oldHTC used to lock the screen when I tried to take a picture...not good. On the LG,whenever you try to adjust volume, you lock the phone, not good.  I can't saywhich is worse, it depends on the user. Some engineer needs to figure out areally good place for the off button.-  Once fully charged I am getting less than a day of use with very minimalusage. Maybe 1hr talk and 20 minutes of data usage..if that.  Worse thanthat...even when putting it in airplane mode while I am working and only using iton breaks...the battery still discharges. I have only 3 appsinstalled and have disabled background data usage on all of them. Today I triedshutting it off completely between breaks and that seemed to help. But that isridiculous.-  I could easily solve the battery problem with a battery upgrade...* NO.. I can't!......In their infinite LACK of wisdom, LG saw fit to duplicatethe iPhone'sstupidity in using a built-in NON-replaceable battery! I didn't even see thatcoming...who thinks to ask about that when they buy a phone??-  In addition to that, the screen has started to go blank on occasion. Then Ican't tell if the phone is on or off. Ordinarily you would remove the battery soyou KNOW your phone is off and then start the reboot process from scratch. Youcan't do that because the battery is not removable. It's a sad joke. No wonderthey were selling this for a buck!-  Sound is pitiful. Speaker phone is virtually useless. If I didn't have togive the Bbuy $200 buck gift card back which I already spent...I'd return ittoday.THAT's  how they get you!-  After using my friends Motorola I swore I would never buy another phonewithouta keyboard...but I thought with the larger screen I would be able to navigate thetouch screen keyboard better...NOPE. Some of us big fingered clumsy people justneed to have a tactile, analog keyboard that folds out like the Motorola (which Iwould recommend much more highly than this phone).-  Camera quality is not up to par with its claimed 8MP capability. I find theinterface much more clumsy than my previous HTC which allowed you to turn theflash on and off from the screen without using menus.-  The HTC flashlight app which came with my old phone was much simpler anduseful than all the other apps I have found on gplay.-  I don't know if its an AT&T; mod or just Android 4.0, but when looking atpictures it doesn't seem to bring up your latest pic, you have to scroll to lookfor it. its just weird. The HTC was a much more intuitive interface altogether.-  I also preferred the weather and clock widgets and the 5 main screens of theHTC Desire (versus 3). Don't know if that is an android version difference orAT&T;'s (or LG's) piddling.--  Bottom Line:  Beware phones bearing $200 gifts!

This is my first Android phone, and while the Optimus G did not start out being one of my early top choices, it was the one I ended up deciding to get. I will not try to cover all the great specs and features of the phone since you can read about them elsewhere, but I will try to cover what I think about it after having used it a little over a month.First of all I think it is a beautiful piece of gear and I don't think I would change anything about its aesthetics. Some reviewers (more on the tech sites than users) have complained that it's boring, but the look was one of its selling points for me. You just can't beat the look of the solid piece of black glass, trimmed in what looks like polished titanium (it's not titanium, just that color), when the screen is off. The back is also beautiful and makes it a tough decision whether to put the phone in a case. I grabbed an inexpensive hard case that doesn't add too much bulk and have been trying it out for the past couple weeks. I don't like hiding the phone but the case does make it easier to grip.The overall feel of the phone is solid, just heavy enough without being a burden in the pocket. If you tap the back of the phone sometimes you can hear the volume rocker vibrate just a little bit (but you won't notice it if you use a case). It feels every bit as good as it looks. It is slightly slippery, yes, and in fact the screen has a buttery-smooth feel that makes swiping a pleasure as long as your finger is reasonably dry.As for the size, I do find it a bit tall and wide (kind of comically so) and this was one of the reasons I was not very interested in it at first. I would say that the thinness makes up for the size, and with the trend of the more powerful phones having ever-larger screens, a smaller phone was just more of a tradeoff than I wanted to make in the end. The width makes it hard to pull out of my pocket by holding on to the edges, which means I can easily accidentally press the capacitive buttons trying to get it out of my pocket (only a problem when a call or text is coming in). Again, a case makes that no longer really an issue.As others said, the screen is really nice, but the display quality in itself was not really a consideration for me. For me the best feature of the screen is the zerogap technology. At times it looks like the display is actually right on the outer surface of the glass rather than floating below it. It's really impressive and it makes the touchscreen experience a little nicer, especially when displaying a dark background.For me, both the presence of the microSD slot and having it filled with a 16GB card (that'll last me for a while) were a big plus.A couple of nice LG-isms in the software (some of these may be standard Android features):  I like being able to put a few direct-access icons and choose from a couple different clock displays in the lock screen, and the visual effects you can choose from when unlocking are pleasant (if meaningless). The handy toggles in the statusbar (you can customize which ones you want there) are nice.On the software downside is the usual AT&T; bloatware. Can't be avoided out of the box I guess!Which brings me to battery life. Reviews I've read vary a lot on this topic. On one hand, it's a good-sized battery, but on the other hand, a fast quad-core processor will use a lot of juice. Unfortunately it seems that some of the defaults on this phone (everything turned on, bloatware installed and active) do lead to less-than-great battery life. Some careful disabling of unneeded items (especially freezing some of the pre-loaded apps, if you feel like rooting) can really make it good. Another good point - it charges quickly.Voice quality has been great for me, though the signal strength indicator tends to rarely go above mid-level (not sure whether the antenna is just not too great or the indicator is not very accurate).The camera, on the other hand, was a real disappointment, even compared to the 3MP camera on my last phone. It is fine for anything that doesn't move, but focusing and shutter speed are real problems when taking pictures of, say, people, and using the flash results in oversaturated colors and a garish image overall. I did find that an alternative camera app can do better (I'm mostly using focal now), so it's not purely a hardware issue. I don't expect my phone to be my only camera, but it's always with me even when I don't have my camera, so it would be nice if it did better than this.Overall I think this is a truly top-of-the-line phone that won't leave me feeling too far behind for the next 2 years. There are choices other than Apple, Samsung, and HTC!Edit: as of 4/4/13, there is a Jellybean update available. My experience with it has been that actually getting the update may require some work, but it is out there.

On the surface this is a nice phone. I like the looks and feel of it. However right under the surface is a horrible flaw. This phone has been known to have the screen SHATTER (not just crack) for no reason. This renders the phone unusable.  2 days after getting it, that happened to my wife.  A quick google search found that lots of people have had this problem.  A call to LG resulted in us being told to ship them the phone and they would &#34;check into it and see if they could fix under warranty&#34;.  They would not tell the cost of repair if it were not under warranty.  Found many forums where people had this same problem and LG said it was not a defect, that the phone must have been dropped. I called a couple cell phone repair places and was told the fix was $250 because the glass and LCD are fused together so both had to be replaced. Thankfully, Amazon took the phone back as an exchange.  I used to like LG phones, but after this, I can't trust them.

3.5 But the price with contract is why I rounded up rather than down.I bought this and my wife got an S4 (I wanted her to have the best phone on the market, the S4 is it and probably will be until the S5 comes out. Anyone who disagrees is just being a "homer," doesn't have a clue, or idiosyncratically likes the very specific features of their favorite phone and is thus biased).After a week of side by side comparisons, I knew I was in trouble. The LG was quite good, but the S4 was just that much more polished, a little faster, a little cooler looking, a little more versatile, powerful, etc. On the last possible day I bit the bullet and paid the restocking fee to get my own S4The main issues:A.) The battery, as with all smart phone, will generally not make it through a day of regular usage.* This is true of essentially all smartphones and is what every smartphone user knows but keeps to themselves (after all the smartphone is cool, right?), thus non-smartphone users are surprised when they make the switch. While with the Samsung you can pop off the back and switch out the battery in few seconds, with the LG you need a special screw driver and several minutes. This means that the battery will probably not last the length of the contract (see footnote) *and* I can't make it through a day away from home & car without looking for a way to charge the phone -- obviously folks who go from home to the office in their car might not mind the need to frequently charge. That is not me. Plus, what if you are sight-seeing in a strange city and using your phone to find places, keep in contact with friends in your group using Glympse, etc? The answer is that you need to carry a recharging device (actually probably two).Bottom line here: there is no excuse for a phone that is designed so that you cannot easily replace the battery. LG isn't the only one but they did go so far as to use screws that require a special screwdriver, as if to thumb their nose at their customer's need to replace the battery; I foresaw getting pretty upset by those screws in a year and a half or so as I tried to replace the battery. It is a stupid design flaw and should be fixed on all smartphones that can't last through a full day of *heavy* usage.B.) Squared corners. I thought that I liked this, it is actually kind of annoying. I know the look is supposed to be "edgy" but it just works out to make the phone more likely to snag or crack if dropped, and it makes it feel bigger, more awkward, and bulkier than other devices even when it is smaller (i.e., S3&LG; comparison). This is not a deal breaker.C.) A piece of tech like this that is made by a company trying to move up in weight class is going to have flaws and small problems. Things that you'll have to Google to solve, etc. nothing major, but some apps, etc. that won't work or won't work right. This isn't a big deal, if you are so inclined, and wouldn't have been a deal breaker for me.D.) Along with C, the phone is not as fast, not as smooth, not as polished as the S4; although it is quite fast, smooth, and polished, just not when you see it every day side by side with the S4. This isn't a deal breaker.E.) Finally, if you're going to get a smartphone on contract, get the best one. It will be more current longer. This is basically the summation of C&D;: essentially I compared the LG with the S4 (and a friend's S3) and realized that in 12 months the LG would be starting to noticeably slip in performance but that the S4 probably wouldn't be because of Samsung's superior support and development. Further, that with the S4 (and an extra-batt, case, and screen protector) I might push it to 3 or even 4 years before replacing it, but after 2 years I would probably be starting to hate the LG as it began to slog more and more and as the battery life became ever worse.* I DO NOT GIVE A FRICK WHAT ANYONE SAYS ABOUT THE BATTERY LIFE OF THIS OR ANY SMARTPHONE, even with an app like Juice Defender on you'll be lucky to make it through a day of web browsing (if you use WiFi to save data), GPS tracking, phone calls, with occasional game play, emailing, word processing, etc. That is the bottom line that folks without smartphones don't realize before they get one and the fact that smartphone users quickly become so accustomed to that they forget it. The battery will have to be recharged every 12-24 hours *at least* so sometimes twice per day, and that means that the battery will NOT last 2 years and will have to be replaced (LG claims that their poly-ion batt will do 800 cycles, so maybe it will last two years; although considering that it eats juice at least as bad as any other smartphone, you'll probably be recharging it more like 5xs every 4 days at best or more likely 3xs/2days, so then again, maybe that battery won't hold up for the length of the contract).

Before this phone I had an iPhone 3gs, and lemme tell ya, I grew to hate that thing. The center button stopped working and I'd had it for less than a year. The iOS was SOOOO SLOOOOW because of all the updates apple recommended. It was not very customizable in terms of appearance. The screen was dull. The camera was terrible and so slow.Fast forward to now after I've had this phone for about 2 weeks.  I LOVE it. The screen is big, which I thought I might not like, but it actually keeps you from straining your eyes so much to read texts/emails/news on the phone. You can't really reach all points on the screen if you're using it with one hand and clicking with your thumb like you can w/ the iphone, but not a big deal (just make sure you have a case on it if you're trying to do this and it falls out of your hands).This phone is FAST, not sure how it stacks up to others like it, but compared to my iPhone it is like night and day. The camera is great(I was used to a pretty bad one though, so again, not sure how it stacks up to other current smartphones).  I really like the Android operating system over iOS because it is so customizable. While iOS may be more fluid, neat, and pretty, you have so many more options for how your phone looks & acts with Android. Supposedly LG is putting out an update to give this phone Jellybean, but I wouldn't really know the difference, this OS (ice cream sandwich) is fine.The screen on this thing is vibrant, vivid, & clear. The battery life is alright, its not as good as my iphone's battery life was when I first got it, but it makes sense because this phone is a HOSS. It does last me all day though, and then some, depending on how I use it. There are also plenty of settings you can change to increase battery life. The body of the phone is very square, which sometimes makes it awkward to hold, but I think it makes it look sleek & futuristic. I would recommend getting a case & screen protector, even though I didn't have them until the second week & there were no scratches at all on the phone (that gorilla glass is working!).There is no "center button" like on the iphone (YAY!) so that's one less thing you have to worry about getting worn out/broken. The call quality is great.Only cons: The speaker is on the back side of the phone, which is kind of a dumb placement if you ask me.  If you want to play music or use the speakerphone you can't set the phone down on a table because the sound will be muffled.  Very minor issue, though. The phone froze a few times the first few days I had it, which worried me, but it's been fine ever since & I haven't had any more problems.Overall, if you're on the fence about this phone, get it. $69 on Amazon Wireless for this phone is a STEAL considering how great it is. I'm a happy customer.

I'll start with the things I like about the phone before getting to why you shouldn't buy it. It's fast, a nice size, feels solidly built, awesome screen, good sound quality, has MicroSD expansion. Camera is pretty good. Beautiful design.That's only a brief of the good, because the bad far outweighs it. The biggest issue, by far, is the devices poor quality. I feel it's a flawed design in general. I'm on number 5 of these in the past 5 months, and it's giving me problems as well. The first one had its menu button on the front just stop working (the others worked though, oddly). Second one bricked itself during a software update a month later. Number 3 the screen was sketchy to use, randomly not registering inputs, and near useless when charging for some. Number 4 came to me pre-broken as a replacement for #3. #5 has the same funky touch screen issues, with it again being the worst while charging, be it connected to a wall charger, or a PC. It only registers half of inputs, at best. It seems like the touch sensor connection drops in and out randomly. #5 also has some great signal issues. Sometimes it doesn't great reception wise, other times it gets nothing. This is without moving from the same spot, it's not as if I'm going from a low signal area to a high signal one. This is it just sitting on the table in the same spot.The battery life is shockingly bad. This wouldn't be such an issue since I'm almost always in a position to charge it, except that with it plugged in, the issues with the touch screen happen.Other people seem to be liking their devices pretty well, so maybe I'm just cursed, but I've never had issues with a phone like this before. I'm a gadget geek, and normally get a new phone every 6-12 months anyways.  Never before in my dozens of phones before have I experienced issues like this. When I say that I curse at it every day, I'm not exaggerating. I'm not even bothering trying to do another warranty replacement. I'm just going to pick up an HTC One when they're out instead. Not worth the hassle anymore.

The sim card door on the phone will not shut and the the sim card will not stay in place.  It was a waste of money, luckily I had another phone that I can use until time for upgrade.

I bought this phone for my wife because I have one for a year. The phone itself is great, but beware it didn't come with a SIM Card.If you don't have one already you'll have to go buy one a AT&T; store. I didn't see that in description. Otherwise it's a great phone.

Is a great phone ... but be careful of the screen ... will shatter for no reason.... it was laying on my desk went to pick it up and the screen was shattered.... is gonna take 2 weeks to get it fixed because the screens r on back order... and the repair cost is $185.00  and the deductible for insurance is $199.00... and the trade in value is only $26.70... other than that i would give this phone a 5 star rating..

I was a little worried about getting this phone since it was only on ICS and I have heard bad things about LG's update speeds. But so far those have proved to be non issues. This phone is faster than the Galaxy S 3 I had before it even though that was running Jelly Bean. Also the screen looks better than that supposed class leading AMOLED screen, this one has much better color clarity and looks better in general with text and pictures, even games.The phone is fast! Web browsing and scrolling is super quick no lag or refill when scrolling, and the phone is just snappy in general( I imagine it will be even quicker once it does get Jelly Bean too!.)

I have been with AT&T; for over 16 years.  I recently renewed and paid $99 for the LG Optimus G and picked up the insurance.  Less than 2 months into the new phone, I dropped my earbuds (with metal) on top of the back glass and it shattered.  AT&T; told me to call the insurance company and the insurance company wants $200 to replace.  This phone is currently selling for $59.  I wouldn't mind replacing the glass myself, but can't find it anywhere.Will not sink another penny into this product or AT&T.;  Breaking the contract and taking the family plan with 4 smartphones to another carrier.Other problems include1.  limited availability of bumper/cases2.  poor quality camera close up and in low lighting3.  VERY poor quality audio when hooked up to the car

The advertisement said the phone had 32 gigabytes internal memory and a 14 megapixel camera the phone that was sent to me only has 12 gigabytes  internal memory and it came with a 16 gigabytes memory card the phone is not 32 gigabytes and the advertisement lied, other than that the phone is great i love it but the advertisement was a lie

Day 6 of having this phone, it fell from the couch to the floor (which is an incredibly short distance), and now the bottom half of the screen no longer works. It is a very fragile phone. If you do not get a case with it, it will not last long.However, while it did work, it was a phenomenal phone and worked very well and very quickly. Easily one of the best smart phones if have used in awhile.If you are to get this phone, get a case for it ASAP.

I love my phone, the touchscreen is not as sensitive as a Samsung phone, but is wonderful! After your used to it, you never even notice the difference. Super fast, period.

Did alot of research before I chose this phone. It was between the lg optimus g, Samsung galaxy s3, samsung Galaxy note2, and the htc one x+.I wanted the note2 the most, but @$300 on contract it was just too much money for a phone.The GS3 came in second, but I didn't like the rounded corners. Also was a little steep on price @$125-150 on contract given that it has been out for 6 months now.What I liked about the one x+ was the fact it has 64gb of memory and jellybean update preinstalled out of the box. But lack of expandable storage, non-removable battery, only 1gb of ram (the GS3, note 2, and optimus g all have 2gb of ram), and at the time was $169-$199 on contract, killed it for me.In the end, the Optimus G won out for several reasons:1. 16gb on-board storage+ 16gb micro sd card included.2. I really liked the square form-factor the most. Kind of a simple, industrial look.3. Pretty much top-notch specs at the moment.4. Closest sibling to the Nexus4.5. Gorgeous screen. I think I drooled a little bit the first time I watched an hd video on it. FYI, I'm pretty sure LG makes the displays for the iphone.6. Excellent value @$80 on contract (even cheaper now too).7. No random reboots! If you have had the privelige of owning an Atrix, you know where I'm coming from.8. Very fast! I played with the GS3 along side this and it seems faster than the gs3. Very little, if any, lag.9. No physical "Home" button to wear out unlike the Samsung and Apple phones.A few thing I dont like about the Optimus G:1. Still on ics. Though Jelly Bean has been released in S. Korea and should be coming to the U.S. anytime. Also, LG's track record of timely os updates or updates at all, have been suspect. Hopefully that gets better. This bad boy shouldn't have any trouble running Key Lime Pie.2. Lack of heavy duty cases for the AT&T; version. I picked up a tpu case and a diztronic for it, but nothing more substantial like an otterbox defender or a Seidio Convert is out for it yet. This isn't really of any fault of the phone though, just is what it is.3. Notification light is around the power button instead of on the front of the device.4. The default keyboard is pretty buggy. It has the option for the regular android keyboard so I use that one instead.

This phone comes with an extra thin gorilla glass. The phone has zero space between the glass and the metal edges- zero tolerance for drops. I dropped the phone from less then 2 feet and the window cracked and stopped working. I called LG and told them what happened. They asked me to send in the unit and said they will fix it. After they got the unit they asked for $140. Unlike the iphone or galaxy which can be repaired anywhere (and the cost is $40-$50), this phone cant be easily serviced locally and your only option may be to use the LG service. There are also very few protective covers availableOther issues I had1. Gets heated very easily if using at high brightness2. Battery lasts normal day but worse than iphone or galaxy3. software is inferior to Jelly bean and does not have google nowIt is really fast and looks good. Display is really good. Also the LTE hotspot works really well. However dont see any advantage over Galaxy S3. Regret getting it

I never intended to buy the LG Optimus G, my upgrade was due in May and I was going to pick up either the HTC One of the S4.  But my Atrix 2 decided to completely die on me, so I was able to argue my way into an early upgrade (I really need a smartphone for work, my old blackberry was not going to cut it).  The Optimus G at the time seemed like a compromise, nice phone with good specs for $100, not exactly what I'd wanted for my next phone, but given the selection, the best choice.Fast forward about a week and I'm 110% happy I didn't wait for either the One or the S4.  The Optimus G is a fantastic device, doubly so for its on contract price.  It's hilarious that people still pay $199 for the S3 or OneX+ when this is half the price.  Both phones are significantly lower spec'ed and older, making the OG a fantastic value.What do I like about it--Build Quality- It's a very well built phone, using nice high quality plastics and gorilla glass on the front and back.  It feels great in the hand (If a little slippery sans a case, which you'll want to get anyway, the bumper is great).  I think it feels far nicer than the S3 and as high quality as the old One X albeit in a different way.  On top of the feel, its a very attractive and striking phone and will get comments from people a lot.  LG took the black slab design philosophy and executed it about as well as you can.-Screen- Brilliant 768p IPS display.  Super sharp, fantastic viewing angles, gets very bright when you need it to, natural color reproduction.  It's not 1080p like the newer flagship phones (Personally I couldn't care about 320ppi vs. 440ppi, but to each their own).  I'd say its the second best panel on the market right now after HTC's 720p/1080p panels on the One/OneX/DNA.  Objectively they're almost identical (at least the OneX), but HTC's screens have slightly more vibrant and saturated colors.  Overall though still a great screen, if HTC makes A+ screens, this is an A or at worst an A-.-Performance- The S4 Pro inside the G keeps things moving very smoothly, thats all I have to say really.  It doesn't feel like the JB project butter update will bring much more, because it already is so smooth.  Basically nonexistant lag even on ICS, everything is fluid and fast, apps launch and switch quickly.  No complaints.-Software- LG's software is surprisingly unoffensive and very liveable.  I always install Nova launcher so I'm not working with the LG launcher, but every other aspect of the skin is there and I don't mind at all.  Notification toggles are nice (As well as customizable), the settings menu is split up and useful, and this is the first android phone I've seen that lets you adjust the auto brightness levels like an iphone (FINALLY).  I usually root and flash phones to get a stock google experience, and I have no desire to do so at the moment with the G.  Its fast, the skin adds a couple nice touches and otherwise stays out of the way.  At this point, the only thing I'm missing is google now, but I can live without it until the JB update.-Camera-  Not an amazing camera, but it works and takes nice detailed pics with decent low light shooting.  I'm not a huge camera phone guy, so it works and works fine.Couple things I don't like-Button arrangement- FIrst of all I prefer on screen buttons, but I can settle for good capacitive ones.  But LG, listen. I use the multitasking tool about 5-10x more than the menu, give me a multitasking button that long presses to menu, it makes way more sense.-Width- 15:9 aspect ratio is nice but takes a lot of getting used to at first, small hands beware, one handed usage is difficult at first.-Ergonomics- Its a flat, black slab made of glass.  It doesn't sit in your hand very well, and the width/weight of the device makes finding a good one handed hold difficult.Overall I really like the Optimus G, its an underrated phone.  If you need an android phone on AT&T; right now, it should be on your short list next to the Note 2 (Which at 3x the price is a hard sell).  The S3 and the One X/X+ are running old hardware and getting replaced soon, don't spend the money there.  The optimus G is a great phone, highly recommended over basically anything in AT&T;'s current lineup.

I got this phone just a few weeks ago, and so far it has been incredible. The phone looks and feels great in the hand- if I'm using it, people will often ask me what phone I'm using, and say that it looks great. The screen is gorgeous, although it may be a bit too big for someone with small hands. The quad-core S4 Pro processor ensures that gaming(I enjoy Dead Trigger and Blood and Glory) is extremely smooth and graphics look good. The large amount of RAM(2gb)ensures that multitasking is also smooth. Although the phone does come loaded with a bit of bloatware from AT&T, they had a good idea and didn't actually install the apps- they're just links to the play store, where you can download them, so they don't clog up your storage. It isn't all junkware though- it comes with the useful file editor Polaris Office 4.0. AT&T's LTE network, though not as prominent as Verizon's, gives you blazing fast speeds. If you have coverage where you live and work, you'll be very satisfied with it. I dinged a star for a few reasons- first off, the phone's gorilla glass back makes it slippery- a case(or perhaps a bumper to show off the nice reflective pattern on the back) is definitely a must. Secondly, the phone has an unfortunate tendency to overheat out of the box(interestingly, I haven't seen this over the last few days, so perhaps it goes away with use). The speaker sound isn't as loud as it could be- and it's flush with the back, so when the phone is placed faceup on a table, the speaker is muffled. And lastly, the OS- the phone comes with Android 4.0.4 Ice Cream Sandwich, which means you miss out on Project Butter, which aims to reduce lag, and Google Now, an awesome predictive software, as well as some other cool features from JB. LG, unfortunately, doesn't have a stellar track record for phone updates. However, this may turn around- the Nexus 4 has essentially the same specs as the Optimus G, minus the LTE capability, and the N4 is running Android 4.2 Jelly Bean. Hopefully that will make updating easier(and thus we'll get updates faster). Good news is that a 4.1 update is rolling out to Korean phones, so hopefully the AT&T OG will be updated soon. Despite the lack of Project Butter from Android 4.1, the Optimus G is super smooth- probably the nice processor at work. The phone also has NFC(Near-Field communication) technology, which allows it to transfer files and other things wirelessly. I haven't gotten a chance to try that out, but I hope to get some speakers that allow you to simply tap the speaker with the phone to send a song to it. I'll update with that when I can. The notification light, interestingly, is on the side, surrounding the power button. While this is a nice idea, most cases, if not all, block the light. LG has some lovely homescreen scrolling effects such as Carousel and Breeze, as well as a lock screen effect called Dewdrop that slowly reveals more of the screen as you drag the dewdrop. All in all, I'm extremely pleased with the phone, and it will hopefully be relatively futureproofed by it's great specs until I need a new phone. Hope this review helped you make a decision, and remember that you can't go wrong with the Optimus G.

I bought this phone from the AT&T; store a few days ago.  The first thing that strikes you about it is its size.  It looks huge compared to older phones or an iPhone.  It is slightly smaller than a Galaxy S3 or a HTC One X, but is still very large.  The phone is remarkably thin, and looks very nice.The dimensions do make one issue though, it feels unstable in your hand.  There's no curvature, so you're just holding the two rounded slick edges, and it feels like you are going to drop it.  It also has the feeling that it wouldn't survive a drop well.  I'd recommend getting a case, but as of the time I bought it, none are available on Amazon, and the two at AT&T; are ugly and bulky.Now for the phone:Looks:  Gorgeous.  It looks like a slab of black glass.  Both sides are glass, so when you pick it up, you don't know which side is up without looking at it or feeling for the buttons.OS:  The custom UI installed is not too different from stock Android, so I like it.  It's not like that awful Blur that my last phone had.Power:  The quad-core hasn't even broken a sweat yet.  I don't know what I would be able to do on a phone that would bog it down.  Plenty of memory.Battery:  Through moderate data use (LTE and WiFi) and minimal voice use, the battery lasts throughout the day.  It doesn't look like it would go two days, though.I haven't even come close to using all the features like the NFC or the overlay-multitasking yet, I may come back and update this once I try those out.

this was advertized at one cent but it ends up costing three hunderd sixty dollars a year more than the old phone

I just got this phone in today and was very happy with it until I tried transferring my pictures and music from my old phone's memory card. I got the files onto my PC but during the transfer back to the new phone the "external storage" (a.k.a. the microSD card) disappeared. I tried everything from using the memory card in a perfectly functional external Sandisk multi-card reader, to trying the card in another device. The memory card just stopped working. I can't even format it or scan it for errors. The card disappears before anything can finish.This is ridiculous. I'm used to seeing Sandisk memory cards in phones not this Kingmax POS that came with my LG Optimus G. I don't know who to blame; AT&T; or LG. I guess I should wait for the Nexus 4 after all.I've giving 3 stars for the phone hardware. Taking 2 off for the frustration of faulty memory.

1CENT WONDER, VERY FAST, GREAT SCREEN ,GOOD BATTERY LIFE, CAMERA OK ,NOT ALOT OF BLOAT AWESOME PHONE GET ONE SAVE URSELF SOME MONEY IF UR UPDRADING

I upgraded to this phone from a Samsung-Android Infuse and from an iPhone to the Samsung. I am not a fan of the iPhone, too small and I refuse to fall into the iTunes trap. The Samsung-Android Infuse was one of the worst phones I have ever purchased so when buying my new phone I was very picky.After comparing notes between two different phones I decided on the LG Optimus G. This phone is amazing! Lots of memory, fast, made of all glass, beautiful picture, camera has so many options! My kids play sports so the camera was a huge hit with me!Think twice before buying an iPhone, I challenge you to try the LG Optimus. You will be glad you did :)

I have been having it for a week and it keeps getting better and better. I just hope it gets the Key Lime when it comes out or at least the Jelly Bean 4.1, other than that; this phone had broken many doubts, and goes above IPhone 5 on terms of performances and capabilities. This can also be consider a relatively fair contender for the Note II leaving the screen size behind.For $99.99 it beats every deal out there.

Overall I must say everything about this phone is completely upgraded from my motorola atrix. the touchscreen is more accurate than ever especially with zero gap tech and also the thinner gorilla glass 2. The device feels premium and solid in the hand. The speeds are mind blowing, everything is smooth and fast(100x more than my atrix with tegra 2) like I never imagined. The device lasts me all day and the camera is extremely better. The look of this thing is beautiful. the Aesthetics have been thought of attention to details and with amazing expandable storage I cant ask for more. From my understanding there will be an update for 4.2 JB by end of december that would just be the bread and butter from an amazingly designed product. Take it from here, instead of getting a almost 6 month old samsung galaxy s3 like everyone else, try this out. My GF has an s3, i dont like the home physical button, samsung os feels tacked on without much detail to a professional look especially stock texting app, fonts, and ui feel. Plus its running on a snapdragon s4 Pro versus galaxy s3 snapdragon s4.

Moderate to light use. No abuse whatsoever. Put in case since day one, screen protector too. Set phone to charge one night and it just died. Sent to LG on my dime for shipping and they kept for three weeks or longer. Received the same phone and was back to normal for about 3.5 weeks. Same problem, charged and batter went ka-put. Sending back again, but will not kept this beautiful piece of junk. All the processing power in the world and phenomenal display cannot hep this shoddily constructed hand sent. Such a disappointment coming from Iphone 4 which I so wanted to leave. Some may be better than others, but this is not the phone for me.Thanks for reading.

Super responsive. Have had no issues with performance, and even battery life has been good. The only downside is you'll want to get a case to protect it, which means you can't look at the sleek design. Was debating between this and Nexus 4 and am glad to have LTE and SD cards capability.

This is an amazing phone.  It's got the fastest processor currently available in an Android phone in the S4 Pro (as of 11/21 anyways) and it's got 2GB of dual channel RAM.  This thing is smoking fast.Pros-Fast.  Everything I do on this phone is silky smooth and responsive.  And this is only ICS, meaning that it will be even better when it gets Jelly Bean and its graphical enhancements (aka project butter).-Well Built.  This phone feels sleek and expensive, but at the same time not too heavy.  Just be careful, since with glass on both the front and the back this phone will slide off the arm of the couch or out of your pocket if you put your feet up too high.  It will happen more than you think.-Development Potential.  It's gotten off to a slow start, but they just unlocked the bootloader over at XDA forums so custom ROMs are inbound.  Also, this is basically the same phone as the Nexus 4 aka the Google Developer phone.  This will get a lot of custom ROMs once more people start getting their Nexus 4 and start developing for it.-Screen.  It's beautiful.  The best screen I've ever seen on a phone, and IMHO better than the One X.  Not by a lot, mind you, but I think this is a little more true to color with cleaner whites.  This is all based on personal preference, but I really love the screen on this phone.-Battery.  YMMV, but for me it lasts plenty long enough despite the fact that it's new and I can't help but constantly mess with it.  At the end of the last few days I've been putting it on the charger before bed with 25% or more left, and when it's not so new and I'm not constantly tinkering with it I can see that number going up to 35-40% at the end of every day.Cons-Glass Everywhere.  It looks cool and it feels great in the hand, but be careful.  I'm terrified of what happens the first time I drop this thing on a hard surface.-Optimus Rom.  I'm not a huge fan of LG's custom skin, but I know it's only temporary as AOSP Jelly Bean ROMs are on the way!  And to be honest, it's really not that bad, especially since you can put whatever launcher you want on it from the Play Store and use it instead.With the recent price drop, this phone is a no-brainer.  Get it, you'll love it.  However, if you're prone to dropping your phone a lot, maybe look at the One X+ or the SGS3 instead since I don't think this will hold up to a ton of drops and falls without cracking one of the two large glass panels.

Phone is very sleek and fast just wish they had better quality of their graphics including the text messaging however their video wiz is amazing

I just bought this phone and extremely happy with it.  This phone was the only Quad Core Droid phone available for less than $100 and it made my decision so much easier (I was cross shopping between Galaxy S III and HTC One X (and X+).  Since I never had LG phone before, I was a bit skeptical but decided to get it after learning that Google's Nexus 4 phone is based on LG Optimus G.I mostly use it for emails (business and personal), maps, browsing, and light gaming and the phone has been perfect so far.  Can't really tell how much faster it is compared to Samsung or HTC but it's fast enough for me =)

Fast phone and great picture! So far, I'm also pleased with the camera despite the reviews I read. Definitely recommend.

I bought this at the end of September, 2013. It's now early February,  2014. The first phone I received would not hold the microSIM card in place. The replacement held the SIM, but after about four months, it developed a weird fault. What looked like a crack or scratch appeared across the middle of the screen. The glass was NOT craked/scratched.The crack/scratch was in fact a fault with the &#34;touch&#34; coating on the glass. That made it impossible for any part of the lower half of the screen to respond to a touch. That happens to be where the &#34;Home&#34; and &#34;Back&#34; keys are. Not to mention where most &#34;OK/Cancel&#34; buttons are. That rendered the phone unusable.The phone has never been dropped. It has been cared for as well as the other two android phones I have owned before. And none of them has been damaged.When I took it to a local outlet to see if anything might be done to fix it. I was told that this LG phone had given them problems, too. They were not fond of them at all.This phone cost me about $40-50 on a deal. Now with the $160 replacement cost (a different phone from another maker) the total cost for this really nice, feature rich piece of trash was over $200.
