
This phone is kind of slow and the layout is awkward, but for $40, it's a decent phone.  I don't use a lot of data, and I wouldn't recommend it for anyone who does.  For my needs (texting, talking and the occasional internet use), it works.

My husband had this phone 2years ago.  It worked so well that I decided to get him another.  I am thinking about purchasing myself a GoPhone..

First off the actual phone part of the phone is great. Good signal Strength, loud, clear audio. I've used none better.I popped the Sim card in from my old At&T; phone, and I was off and running.As pointed out, it's not a true smart phone, but you can hook up with facebook and twitter in a limited way.It claimed to have only 100 entries in the address book, luckily that was not the case. I have far more.The battery cover likes to come off, lost it in my pocket a few times.The interface is kludgy, but not too hard to figure out or get used to.

I took a gamble with this phone because of some negative reviews. Well, guess what? I'm so glad I bought this phone, that I immediately purchased another. When I first operated this phone, I knew it was a winner immediately. I purchased another one from another retailer, so I could have an extra battery and charger. Not to mention extra phone. Besides the low price, the features of this phone makes it an unheard of a deal. Internet, email,social net and much much more. All for $5O a month. Plus the meager price of the phone. I fell in love with this phone and couldn't put it down. This kind of a deal is unbelievable. Grab this Phone people. And don't let go !!!!!!

This phone is ok for making calls and lite texting, but it has a slow response. There is some type of delay in this phone. I also do 't like the Bluetooth capability, it has a hum when connect to my vehicles Bluetooth and sometimes I can't hear people but they can hear me when it is connected t my vehicles Bluetooth system. I don't know, this is just a temp phone until I decide which phone I want to switch too from my bb.

I bought this phone for my mom, overall quality is good except that it is a duplicate version of the real samsumg phone.

No real review due to a defective phone, but we had to purchase a different one for my disabled daughter!

I bought this phone as an upgrade from an AudioVox 8610 Virgin Mobile cellphone. This way I was able to get back to a 10-cent-a-minute usage plan as Virgin Mobile had risen their's to 20-cent-a-minute up from the ten-cent usage rate. The Z431 has all the basic phone features plus some computer-like capabilities like checking your email and notepad texting similar to Windows Notepad. If you don't want a pricey smartphone contract plan, you get all the essentials with this one.

I use this as my business phone for text and voice only.  Great small and easy to use.  Can't beat the price and with the ATT family plan for $10 per month it's a great low cost option.  Phone came as promised and in the time promised.  I would buy from this vendor again.

This might just be one the best basic phones I've ever had. I love the way the phone feels, the screen is beautiful, the conversation view of messages is really cool, and the speakers/general sound on this phone is killer. It feels light but sturdy although I think I might get a case for it just to be safe. The phone arrived on time and looks brand new although i purchased it &#34;used&#34;. If I do have any problems with it I'll be sure to update this but as of right now, I'd recommend this phone to any/every person who wants a neato basic phone.

Navigation is very difficult.  No setting to determine actual power status, just the battery indicator on main screen.  Answering difficult, too.  Was cheap....got even less than I paid for.

I have had two of these same phones and never any problems,however I got this one yesterday and opened it to use it and noticed the battery was not a Samsung battery it had a Chinese symbol on it , would not hold a charge and to make matters worse the SIM card that I received with it was not the right one, it was not a micro like it was suppose to be!!! Very unhappy with this seller bc I know it was tampered with!!!!

It works adequately, but has an odd characteristic. While I am typing a text, itt goes to a bank screen if ever I make the slightest pause. This can be very irritating. Makes me wonder if it is a rebuilt model. The only other oddity is its inability to save phone numbers to the SIM card. Otherwise, it is a very adequate, basic cell phone.

Simple, easy to use and manageable. Some people complain about the slight lag time when executing commands or the fact that it won't display the name of the message sender. Well let me tell you, for the price you are getting a quality item. I have also noticed that it does not glitch as most of the newer ones do. If you want a reliable, simple, high tech phone then you will enjoy this one.

I bought this phone new from AT&T; store about a month ago as I needed better texting capability than my flip phone.PROS:1) Although keys are small, texting is easy. I had a flip phone earlier so my expectations were low and reasonable.2) The phone has 1,000 entries for address book. I have used 150 so far. No likelihood of my reaching 300 entries.3) It's light weight, display is good, menu is easy to navigate.Cons: Only once, it failed to connect my car's audio with Bluetooth. Powered down, waited for few seconds and powered back on resolved the issue. I'll not consider this as a CON or an issue. Every cell phone I had showed some weird behavior that was resolved by rebooting the phone.Overall, I am extremely satisfied with this phone. For $30, it exceeds its worth.

for the price you pay you are getting the best possible,including,the weight-excellent t9 spelling,camera,web which includes youtube(not with all service providers,with go phone service it works awesome) access,and micro sd slot but there is a few things I really don't like for example I cant set the phone into vibrate from the side keys only from the settings-I cant use the alarm because every txt or call will wake me,other phones have the option ALARM ONLY so I can set the alarm without being waken with every txt coming in-but the most bothers me that the screen after one week gets tiny dots looks like dust on it, the first time I bought this phone I thought it was my fault but since than ive bought already 6 the same phones 4 me and friends and every 6 phones have the same problem with the screen

There's were a few keys that it would not type while texting. So I threw it away. Upset about it

This is a great phone for my daughter. Nothing fancy. The camera is a winner addition. Especially for the price.Works great.

The phone looks good but I had some issues programing it. I find the characters a little too fine. Beside that, in term of value, it was a good purchase. It works well in CDMA system and was activated without any problems.

This phone broke the first day I had it. They keys popped off the phone and I couldn't get them to pop back in. Complete junk.

Phone is functional....most of the time. I'll share my pros and cons for you. I've had it for a month.Pros:Texting is in conversational format, so it's easy to keep up. Camera is decent at FAR AWAY objects only (what do you expect?). Keys are responsive, volume is good, semi-customizable. Has an earphone jack, can change text and dial number size, and so far has had good reception. Battery lasts 3-5 days with my normal texting, which is phenomenal, considering my last phone would only make it a day.Cons: (HERE we go)Phone is slow after taking photos and receiving texts. If the phone is locked, or on a different screen other than the home screen, it will cut off part of your ringtone; this doesn't conflict with functionality, but it's rather annoying. Prone to glitching and going white screen for a few seconds after hanging up phone calls. One day my phone decided a ringtone no longer needed to be there and it disappeared until I reset the stupid phone. When you get a new text and go to open it up, it will take about 5 seconds before it opens up and lets you do anything. When trying to hang up calls, it takes a very long time, so you're not sure if you're still on the phone with the person or not; it takes several presses of the hang-up button before it says that it has hung up. Also, after a fresh charge, I have to shut the phone off and turn it back on because it will automatically say I only have half a charge left.So yea, it's alright. Even with the little bothersome ticks it has, I'm ok with it.  The fact I paid $30 for it outright, I'm surprised it even has bluetooth.Don't expect an awesome phone, and you won't be disappointed. It's good for the money, and works perfectly fine if you can be patient and ignore the little things.

AT&T could not get either of these items to work when taken it to activate so both were returned for a refund...

great backup phone. its getting the job done until my upgrade. it was just want i needed for my budget.this phone is super durable i actually ran a friends over once and nothing happened to it and worked fine.

Three stars says it's okay.  I guess it is.  But two stars say I don't like it.  I don't.  So, two stars.First of all, the primary problem we are having with this item may not be its fault.  I ordered it for my wife, as her old phone would not link up to her new car's system.  My iPhone did easily and quickly.  So did this one.  However, each time she gets in the car, a &#34;No Connection&#34; message appears and we have to link it again.  Not sure where the fault lies yet, but I have in mind that my phone works just fine with the car's system.Still, the keypad is hard to read because the letters on the keys are so small and close together, and the numbers over the letters are even harder to read.  There are a number of specialty keys that are not at all intuitive and will be hard to remember as we're not kids texting constantly.  It's neither fish nor foul.  Neither a good basic phone nor a real smart phone.On the pro side, it  has good sound quality both on and off speaker and is easy enough to navigate through.  Size and weight are good and battery life is good, although it's still nearly new.  It accepted the transfer of my contacts when taken to an AT&T; store, but I think that was just the SIM card.  I'm not technical enough to know, but I believe that is what the AT&T; clerk said.I hope I'm not being too tough on it.  A young person might find it easier to use. And it should be kept in mind that it was very cheap.  Fair to say in this case that you get what you pay for.

Phones break, phones get lost, phones wear out. This is a great choice for a back up and AT&T was very friendly with transfers of sim cards etc.

Had to purchase as a replacement after crushing an identical unit.  Have been using it about 11 months and performs good.

I got where i can figure out where stuff on it is now.Took me awhile to figure some of it out

I found this phone quite difficult to use as the keyboard is much to small for my fingers.  I used it for a few months and replaced it with a smart phone.

Looked exactly like my Pantech which I loved, but its the worst phone ever. The back that holds the battery in was always falling off and I finally lost it; the sound was low and I couldn't hear people when using my Bluetooth or the phone's speaker; when I tried erasing a message by pushing the number seven nothing happened. I had to hang up and call back and listen to the message again and try pressing the seven again to erase the message; if the phone was locked I couldn't see a message or phone number and it would generally take two or three times to try to unlock the phone; the buttons didn't work well; when I put in my password and could see on the screen that I put in the correct numbers, the phone would state I didn't have the correct password; I had many dropped calls; and while the reason I bought the phone in the first place was that calls weren't always ringing through and going to voice mail, I had the same problem with this phone. It was a complete nightmare.

I loved it, it was exactly what I was looking for :) I've upgraded quite a bit since this though but it is still worth the buy.

After years of owning various smartphones (including an iPhone), I got tired of always being connected to everything, and tired of the high data plan costs, so I decided to get simple phone with a texting keyboard.  All I use this phone for is calls and texts, so please keep that in mind.  I am not a heavy texter by any mean, only doing two or three a day average.So, let's get down the the nitty gritty of this phone.  I've had it for about a month, and here's what I think:The good:-Thin and fairly light-Small size for having a full keyboard (this could be good or bad.  See bad for explanation).-It works pretty well for phone and simple texting, especially at the price I got it at.-Has some extras that I do like: alarm clock, address book.-Talk quality is good.  I've had no issues with hearing people or being heard.-Nice speaker phone.  I use this quite often, and I can't stand a lousy speaker phone.-Excellent price.  I put it in my cart and watched it.  It dropped to $20 here on Amazon and I grabbed it.The bad:-Small size for having a full keyboard.  The keyboard is small.  My hands are small, but it still took a few days to get used to the small size of this keyboard.  If you have any vision issues or larger hands, you may want to seriously consider this before buying.-Don't expect this to double as an mp3 player.  It has this as a function, but it doesn't work well.  It stops continually while you are trying to play the song.-It is true that you can't see who texted you until you open the message.  This is a little irritating, but since I usually only text a few people, it isn't a big deal for me, but might be for you.-I can't find a calendar on it.  Maybe I'm missing it.  If you know where it is, please let me know.  I do like to have a calendar on my phone.(See update)-Sometimes when I'm punching number in quickly for a call, it chokes just a bit and might miss a number.  This only happens maybe 20% of the time.Overall, if you are just looking for a basic phone and read the specs and know what you are getting, this is a decent phone.  It isn't an iphone or a blackberry, and when it tries to do too much you can really tell, but for calls and a few texts, it suits my needs perfectly.Update:  I found the calendar!  It is the button that says clr on the front.  So yes, it has a calendar, and now I like it even more for having that feature!

I had the previous version of this phone and i seemed faster at everything it did. This phone lags a second or so between pushing a button and actually preforming the command. (opening txts or pictures, navigating menus, etc.)Other than that, it seems fairly reliable so far. It's not a smart phone, so don't expect a fast web browser or angry bird apps and such. But you can definitely use it to google things and you don't need an expensive data package to do it.

I bought it for playing mp3s and for emergency calls.  This was my first phone and I had some trouble putting in the sim card.  The USB file transfer to my computer doesn't work.  I am using Ubuntu but I've read that Windows doesn't work either.  I may need to buy a bluetooth-usb for my computer.

the phone has significant lag upon command input, but you can't argue with the price when considering what you get.

This is an okay phone, it was however a little bit pricey for basic phone that is for sure. But nice not to have to pay upgrade fee thru at&t

I bought this phone for my husband who still had a phone without a separate keyboard to text. It was that old! This was an absolute bargain and doesn't perform like one. We don't use all the bells and whistles, just the basic phone and text so I can't really comment on all of that, but for the basics, it's great. Setting it up with Verizon as our provider, couldn't be happier. It seems that if you used the apps and the web it would be fine. Probably not as quick as something more high end.

My husband needs simplicity when it comes to mobile phones.  This phone allowed him to have a full QWERTY keyboard to text our children without the need to move to a smartphone and incur extra data monthly charges.

I returned the phone because, even after reading the instructions, it was confusing. I couldn't even tell when it was off or on. Did not like it. Cheaply made.

I got this phone as I was coming to an end on my contract phone with one company, and couldn't decide if I wanted to stay or move somewhere else.

Phone works great.  Received it quickly. I would recommend this phone for those who need a texting phone at a good price.

This is the perfect phone for my grandson. He loves it. It's very easy to use and access the internet.

We gave this phone to my son for Christmas this year, and he loves it!  It's perfect for all the texting he does and the calls come in very clear.  We have had no issues with the phone so far.

I like the features on this phone, however there seems to be a frequent issue with having &#34;No Service&#34; which I am told has none thing to do with the phone carrier. Not good!

I needed a new phone for calls and texting. My old ATT phone had horrible reception, and my unlocked t-mobile phone would not get or send pictures with my ATT plan. This takes care of all my problems. I can use my sim card in this phone and it has great reception and can take and send picture texts. The only downside I have found is that I can't personalize it yet. It doesn't come with a usb cord, though I have one that works with it. But it will not work on a Mac computer. You must have Windows Vista or higher. And I have tried email texting pictures and sounds to it and that doesn't work on this phone. But personalizing is the least of my needs for a phone, so I still give this 5 stars because it does all that I need!

I owned this phone for one day before deciding to return it. It is nice and includes some useful apps and features, however they are all virtually useless due to the phones non existent speed. Even dialing and hanging up takes a few seconds, navigating the menu and opening apps takes forever. The camera shortcut needs to be held for an excessively long period before activating. It annoyed me every second I used it. The phone has potential to be much better if the operation wasn't so slow...

Oh my God, let me first say how much i was looking forward to my updated phone.it's nice in the looks department BUT,this phone is so slow,not only that.but someone sent me a message one night and i did't recieve it until the next day. And two days later my neighbor was stading right beside me sent me a picture text, i glance at it,tried to enlarge it but the whole pic.disapared.i could not fine the picture text again...very dis-please.

Received the phone way later than the projected date, but that was just the start. phone after I let fully charge continued a restart loop, I have an older phone that is the same model which I swapped the battery with to no success.

Phone is great for texting. Phone is already messing up. Sometimes when I make an outbound call or if someone calls me they cannot hear me and vice versa. I guess you get what you pay for.

Great Price, good phone exactly what I was looking for.  Easy to work with, has the instructional booklets which is always helpful.

Am still getting used to the bigger size--my old phone was a small flip-phone that I could easily slip into my pocket when I go horseback riding.  Going to have to get a pouch for this bigger one, as I don't want to sit on it while in the saddle.  It works great.  It gets much better reception where I live than my old phone did, which is why I replaced the old one.  I gave it 4 stars because it seems like it takes forever for it to come on compared to my other phone.

Great little phone to have as a spare. The keys are way too small. But, for the price I guess you can't beat it. I was just looking for a gift for someone and they seem to enjoy.

Service was superb. Product was received on time and as described. However, in terms of functionality, though it is a great texting phone and is reliable in terms of making and receiving calls, the music player does not work at all. It is constantly refreshing and when it's done it plays 3 seconds of a song and then freezes. It is not able to playback music stored in phone or memory card.

Pros: Very well programmed for a non smart phone.  Even has a barcode scanner to use just as a smartphone does.  $15 data plan unlimited *if you choose to have one*.  Speed is slower than smartphones, but if you want basic internet use you can not go wrong.Cons: Only problems that are an issue with me are the small qwerty keypad (can not be helped).  Internet a little slower than smartphones, but faster than older phones similar to this one.

Practical. Inexpensive, but looks expensive. Great keyboard. Awesome sound. Screen display is easy to understand and simple to use. Love it.

Pros:Loved the phone, I needed to use my reading glasses to use the keyboard, but that's not the phone's fault. Price was right, sound and reception worked just fine. Camera worked, and the battery life was good. Nice, kinda obsolete, but a functional phone. Good enough for who it's for.Cons:AT&T; gave my number to someone else, along with the balance of time I had. Paid for 25 dollar via credit card on Sept 4, 2013, and AT&T; gave my number and balance to some unknown person in Atlanta, Georgia on Sept 10, 2013. Spent 7 hours (by skype count) with customer service, after which I was told I was not going to get my number back. Told me that if I went to an ATT store, they would reprogram the SIM with my number, and when my GF went to the nearest ATT store (suggested by ATT customer service), they did not. Buyer beware.

Getting the sim card started/ the initial bit of the go phone to work at first is troublesome. But once I figured it out it worked very well. Great looking, good quality, nice weight. Looking forward to using it soon. Will do an update in a couple months if it doesnt do as well but so far pretty happyP.S. Owners manual is a god send

After breaking my smartphone a year ago I had to switch to an AT&T; flip phone, and texting on that thing was a nightmare.  Then I finally got this one and it is a million times better!  Since I don't have a data package anymore, and I work all the time anyway this phone is great for average use.  I've not had any problems with it and the battery life seems fine.  I was afraid it would look a little chaep but it actually is very sleek and nice.It's no smartphone, even though you can access email and net when you have a data plan.  But it totally serves its purpose until I can get an upgrade in August.  For those reviews that have been bad with product issues, I still think it's worth a try because this phone is just $50.  And when buying directly from amazon they are good about returns.

I don't think this is AT & T phone it looks like it but its not it does not function like original one imagination

Photos/pictures are blurry. Would be good for calls, ok for texting.It is a clone of the Pantech P7040 phone

Finally replaced my very old Motorola C139 old-school cell phone. This phone was originally $49.95 on Amazon, dropped to $28.99, and by the time I decided to purchase--two days later--had dropped to $19.99. Could not be happier - this phone is great! Full qwerty keyboard with VERY small keys--if you are over 40 you WILL need glasses to see the keys. Still, very happy with this phone, and even like the programmed ring tones--soothing, not annoying sounds.  I use mostly for talking, limited texting and now sending pictures :)

It works, it was delivered on time and as advertised.  I needed  a quick and easy replacement and did not want a contract for an expensive smart phone.so far so good.

I bought this to be able to text easier without having to worry about apps or wifi connections. This has worked great. I would recommend getting a plastic case for this, like the &#34;ZTE Z431 (AT&T;) Hawaiian Flowers Design Snap On Hard Case Protector Cover&#34; to help keep the battery cover from loosening up. The battery cover would stay on fine, but with the hard case snapped over the phone, there is no loosing the battery cover.The camera works nicely, and makes it easy to snap and text the photo. The texting works good too. You can start a conversation with somebody, and the new texts keep scrolling down the screen, instead of having to open each one separately.Battery life has been acceptable, and the sound/microphone work good. If this phone gets destroyed, I would definitely purchase another one to replace it.

A great phone at a great price and it connects to the internet well.  Thank you for the good price

The AT&T Z431 is an AT&T branded ZTE 431. It's a feature phone, not a smart phone and perfect for those of us who have broken free of the AT&T data plans. I purchased the phone at Radio Shack to replace my older phone that went through the washing machine. It's a go-phone. If you have AT&T Wireless service already all you have to do is stick the SIM card into the phone and it's ready to use. It does the basics very well and seems well built. Phone reception is as good as the older Sony-Eriksson W810i that I used before. The QWERTY keyboard is not difficult to use but I sometimes need reading glasses to read the number keys in the morning. The 1000 mAh battery is big enough to last me a couple of days between charges. The screen is 2.3", sharp and offers nice colors. The 2.0MP camera provides useful photos. The AT&T Z431 user's manual doesn't mention anything about this but the micro USB port used for charging the phone is also a data port. I use a $1.99 micro USB/USB2 data cable to upload and download photos between the Z431 and my Windows 7 desktop computer. You must have a mini SD card (I'm using a $8.00 8GB card) in the phone and set the phone to save photos on the card to do this.

For just texting and making calls this phone is great although I agree with some of the other comments about the memory and the way the messages are displayed. The camera works pretty well.  I have not tried the MP3 player or any other functions. My 2 biggest issues are if someone sends me a picture I cannot figure out how to save it and use it as a contact pic.  Also, my phone seems to lose service several times a week sometimes for 2-3 hours at a time. I find this very annoying.  I thought maybe it was due to the building where I work but it happens at home and other places too.  I don't think it's an AT&T issue because this is the 4th go-phone I have had and none of the others had this problem, not even the cheapest Actel I used to have.  Any suggestions would be great. Otherwise for what I use the phone for it's just what I need.

Within the address book there should be a function called SIM Management, this option does not exist with this particular phone.

IT WAS GOOD FOR THE PRICE.THE NUMBERS AND LETTERS ARE A LITTLE SMALL.AND THE SPEAKER IS IN THE BACK.IT WAS OK

I got this to replace an LG phone I lost.So far so good.Pros.It almost looks like a classic Black Berry. Very classy and business like.Hearing aid compatable. I don't use a hearing aid but this will be useful to those who do.Blue Tooth compatable.Can be used as a modem for a computer. Must be connected via USB port. It says so in the owners manual. (NOTE: Cable sold seperatly. Not an issue for me though. I haven't tried this yet.)Can use regular head phones/earbuds. My Koss and Skullcandy buds worked great with this!Micro SD card compatable. NOTE: Micro SD card sold seperatly.Uses a SIM card.Calls sound clear on both ends.Can play multiple types of sound files.If you download or save music files to a Micro SD card you can use them as custom ringtones and message tones.The keypad is relatively easy for texting. It's Qwerty!Web Connection: Update 3-5-2013 I bought one of the cheaper data packeges just to try this out. The speed and signal strength seem pretty decent to me. The browser didn't take long to load Amazon's mobile site. Worked well with Fanfiction.net's mobile site too. Not so sure about sites that don't have a mobile version. I have to admit that when it comes to speed, this works better then my basic DSL service at home.Code Scanner. Update 3-5-2013 Works great for me. TIP make sure you have enough light and that code is not missprinted. You can find the code scanner in the App Manager. Not only will it scan QR codes but bar codes as well. I tested this with codes that contained web links and I was able to open and browse the sites with ease. Update: 4-21-2013 The code scanner will not scan codes that are smaller then 1 inch by 1 inch. This will only scan black and white codes. This will not scan tags with a rainbow colored "houndstooth" pattern.Update 4-28-2013 Video playback: It plays YouTube videos. Not Sure about Netflix or Hulu Plus. I don't have a paid subscription for those sites. As long as it's YouTube compatable, I' happy.Things that are just MEH.. When I say "meh" I mean it's not great but it's not total deal breaker either.The camera. Takes pics OK. You can take pics in landscape mode or portrait mode. It's 2 mega pixcels. Not the best quality but good enough to take a pic to use as a wallpaper.Font. There's not much you can do about customizing it. You can change the font size for texting, date/time display ect but you can't change the color or type. Not much of a problem for me because sometimes I have trouble reading fancy fonts even though I have good eyesight.Color and icon theme sets. There's only 2 themes you can choose from. Default Blue or White. I kinda wish there was more.Downloading Apps. Update 3-5-2013 I just found out that this phone runs on BREW.(Binary Runtime Environment for Wireless)Heh NO WONDER! BREW phones can only download apps from the App store/center/manager they came with. I wish this was otherwise.Cons:No deal breakers I can think of yet.As for the battery life and durability, time will tell.

I order two of these phones for my kids and niether came with a sim card, I had to oder them from AT&T. The paperwork was missing from one of the phone's. The one phone died 30 days after I activated it and could not be repaired so I bought another phone from AT&T to replace it. We are just waitng for the other on to die now. Don't waste your money buy from AT&T direct it is cheaper in the long run. I will not buy a phone from this company again.

My husband picked up this phone for me as a replacement for the Pantech similar model my son dropped in a bucket of water.  I really liked the Pantech and thought this was a nicer phone, at first.  Then the problems started.  There are times when I try to manually dial numbers and instead of the first 3 digits coming up on the screen, it shows letters instead. The battery is awful.  Less than a month out of the box, I would have it recharge all night long only to find the battery drained in less than 2 days.  This phone sits in my car while I'm at work all day and I use it primarily for texting.  I have no idea how the battery can go from 3 bars to 1 bar in one day with minimal usage.  The other day when I tried to text, it would not allow letters to show up, just symbols.  I tried backing out and starting again.  Still - only symbols, not letter.  I had to power down the phone and bring it back up to 'reset' the texting function.  Yes, I checked - it was set for Lower and Upper case letters for texting.Today was the real icing on the cake - it started dialing numbers on it's own.  I swear it really happened.  I use the bluetooth feature to connect my phone through my car.  All of a sudden the phone feature comes on and starts dialing a number.  I pressed the red hang up button and placed the phone down.  It was not rubbing against anything.  I placed it back on the passenger seat with the keys up.  A moment later it started to dial again.  I repeated the process over and over and over.  I finally had to pull the battery to prevent it from just dialing out.  I had it with this phone.  I miss my old Pantech.  This phone is the worst.

You need to purchase a sim card in order for the phone to work, did not realize and should have been stated

I got this phone for my mom, who had a really crappy touchscreen feature phone from AT&T.; She was constantly complaining about the lack of a physical keyboard, so I got her this. It works on AT&T; (obviously). It came with a prepaid SIM card that I could have activated online, but I just swapped the SIM from her contract phone into this phone. The AT&T; online thing doesn't recognize this device on her line, but it works just fine, which is all that matters.She says that having a real keyboard is nice and after showing her the menus and settings, she quite enjoys it.From my experience with it though, I found it to be laggy. It takes a few seconds for the message pane to load after clicking on the Messages menu. Also, the text messaging area is tedious to get to. I ended u setting a quick shortcut to the messages so that she wouldn't have to go through the entire menu to get there.Overall, good device for someone with simple needs. Will update if I have any issues.

I bought this phone for my daughters line.  This phone stops continuously saying that we need to insert a card.  I have had AT&T for several years.  There is no reason why I should need a card.  We have to take the battery out and restart the phone when it does this.  I wanted to buy another to go phone but now I'm hesitant because I don't want the same problem on my line.

Didn't want to have to deal with all of that smart phone BS. I'm more of a old school phone guy. Simple calls and texting is all that i need and this phone is perfect for that. Plus the battery can last for 3 - 4 days so no need to worry about charging it every single day... If you don't need a high tech phone then this is for you.

I bought this phone for my son and since he received it, he hasn't stopped telling me how much he loves it. It's a lightweight phone that's easy for him to keep in his pocket. He loves the different features on the phone--texting works great (he's a teenager, so he texts most of the time), ringtones are good, camera works fine, etc. Overall, me and my son are completely satisfied with this phone and I would recommend it to anyone.

The sound quality is good. The keys for texting are a little small and takes some getting used to but it works. It takes pretty good pictures. This phone is a good option for those of us who don't have data plans.

I don't do any fancy data searching on this phone I just use it for a cell phone to make calls only. I love it because it looks like the classic Blackberry phone, I just love this phone and it is so easy to store or refill minutes on it.

I had a Samsung Galaxy Note which broke.  I decided to downgrade to this phone since my Note was too distracting.  I wanted a phone that was functional as a communciation device, but not an entertainment device.  I bought this phone for the following reasons.1)  It is a 3G phone.  I need 3G for the phone to work with my At&t; 3G microcell, which is a signal booster for my home.2)  I wanted to use the phone as an MP3 player.  The 32gb microSD expansion sounded great.3)  Blue tooth & GPS1)  As a basic phone it seems to be fine.  As mentioned in other reviews, it would be nice if the vibrate setting was a little more noticable.  When setting up the key shortcuts, I was disappointed at the limited options.  For example, you can't set up a shortcut to text messaging, instead you can only set a shortcut to compose a new text message.  It won't let me set a direct short cut to the music player, it will only let me set a shortcut to "My Stuff", from which I can select music, and then music player.  This is annoying, but not a deal breaker.2)  As an MP3 player this phone is completely unacceptable.  With 29Gb of music loaded onto my microSD card it takes the music player about 1/2 hour to open, each and every time I use it.  I was hoping that it would be a long initial scan, and then after that it would operate more quickly.  No such luck.  The phone simply can't handle the capacity that it claims to.  I plan to only load a handful of MP3's on it at a time.  Also, it doesn't support M3U playlist, which I thought were pretty much universal.  As far as I can tell, you have to create playlists on the phone and cannot import them.3)  Blue tooth is fine, and I was pleasantly surprised it was included on a phone that only cost $50.  The only GPS available on the phone is At&t; navigator which is a subscription service for $10/month- a total rip off.  It does have a maps app, which although slow, could be useful in a pinch.The most frustrating thing about this phone so far is that there are no online resources to answer my questions.  I read through the users manual, but there isn't anything in there that you can't figure out by playing with the phone for 10 minutes.  If you do a google search for the Z431 looking for helpful information from an online community, you will find nothing.  I emailed customer support at ZTE (the phone's manufacturer) and their tenuous grasp on the english language makes them less than helpful*.* In case you are wondering, I asked them about playlist, long loading times and about transfering google contacts onto the phone.  They suggested I perform a factory reset for absolutely no reason, and informed me that you cannot transfer google contacts to the phone.

I picked this up at the at&t; store not too long ago so starting with the PRO's- It's a very good in between phone my texting phone broke and this does the job.- It had excellent Bluetooth capabilities.- The clarity of calls is very good.- It has a QWERTY keyboard.- Its fairly user friendly.- It is isn't very bulky, is very sleek and visually appealing.- Easy to sync contacts.- Has a reasonable large expandable memory.- Has bars/service almost everywhere.- Good price.- Works with a non gophone sim card.now the CONs- the keys are very small if you don't have nails and have big fingers like me this may not be the phone for you.- I have yet to find a way to set a password for applications and when you lock it.- The camera has very low resolution.- The screen is pretty small and isn't a touch screen.- No wifi capabilities.- The battery cover isn't great falls off very easily but this can easily be fixed by a 0.90 cent case here on amazon.- The phone doesn't have a traditional locking system its on the keyboard and you have to push several buttons.- Cant download apps.Overall I really like the phone the T9 is very good and i was able to bluetooth like 13 songs before it ran out of memory. I also really like the phone itself it has very good colors. The phone is very good as an in between phone don't know how it works as a gophone. The graphics of the phone are pretty good and i like that i can zoom on pictures. However like i said the buttons are very small and it doesn't have a lock for applications as far as i know. Also im very sorry for any errors english is my second language its very difficult for me.

It is a great little phone for $50 and qualifies for the $50 month unlimited everything which I like.  It is only missing one feature that I miss, and that is Voice Commands.  You cannot use the phone hands free to dial, send text(s) or have text(s) read to you.  Otherwise, it has every feature I need and the plan is cheaper than when I had a contract with Verizon.  I can do without that one feature, although I do miss it since my old Verizon phone had it.

This phone has been very helpful for me, although I bought it for my son, he's able to tx utube n video just the right phone for a child like him

This phone worked ok until one day it just quit texting out of nowhere. I would not recommend this product.

As everyone have mentioned, this phone is slow and very laggy at times. Which should not be the case for a phone like this.Texting - All of my friends complain that they often get 2 copies of each text I send. Which is not good news if you are on a prepaid plan. Sometimes it will send the same text 4 times and deduct a good amount of money from the account. The keyboard is okay for texting. But do not expect a satisfying experience if you are an avid texter. It's is slow to send texts and when you type, there is a noticeable lag in appearing letters on screen.The phone is slow at every other function as well. It will frustrate alot of people. But that is pretty much the biggest flaw.The phone's build quality is better than most dumb-phones out there. But the back battery cover comes off EASILY. Which is a huge design flaw.Even though the phone has a 3.5mm headphone jack, don't plan on using the phone as a mp3 player. The volume control is horrendous and the software is inadequate.Battery life is quite Good. It lasts days for me. It charges fast as well.The camera is also laggy, but most people don't buy these types of phones to take photos.If you are only planning on making phone calls and not an avid texter, you will find this phone to be adequate for your purposes.

PHONE WAS A VAST IMPROVEMENT FROM THE PRIOR ONE, MY HUSBAND WANTED A SIMPLY PHONE THAT WORKED WELL AND IT IS A GREAT BASIC PHONE WITH GREAT SOUND QUALITY AND DOESN'T REQUIRE TO EXTEND YOUR CONTACT

It's in great condition. We bought it more than six months ago and we haven't had any problems with it.

This is a great replacement for anyone who misses their blackberry and want an affordable phone. I got this really cheap at $30 on amazon and its great. It looks like a blackberry and has some organizing tools. The battery lasts a very long time and the keys are comfortable. Camera take decent pictures and you can load up a lot of songs and photos since the maximum micro sd card I takes is 32gb. I definitely recommend this to anyone. No data required.

Seems to be a great phone so far. Keyboard easy to use despite being small. Phone is light and small. Works great as a dumb phone on a call/text only plan if all you want is a keyboard for texting, instead of having to upgrade to a data plan. But is data ready if you decide to. You don't have to use the prepaid simm. No touch screen or wi-fi. Battery lasts several days on standby without having to recharge. Not sure about steady use. Overall a great phone, especially  for the price I paid for it, $30.

I used this phone as a replacement for the one I have under AT&T contract. This is one of the better basic phones. It holds a lot more text messages then other GoPhones I have seen. It's easy to use.

This was was a great replacement for my 15 year old son.  I was surprised by the quality of pictures.  He had it for two weeks and then it just died.  Power cycling wouldn't fix it.  Just dead.I'm happy to have bought it through Amazon, as I can still return it without question.  However I paid $50 on Amazon and see that it's only $20 at the AT&T; store.  I think I know where I&#34;m getting the replacement :)

When you consider that this is really a cheap working phone, you get a great bargain.  It can not show internet videos.  It does not have much for internet viewing.  It does, however, take excellent pictures.  The videos are far too short.  Less than 5 minutes makes it unsuitable for video-ing anything more that the lenght of a snapshot.  Once you get used to the controls, it is much easier to operate.  it is the only phone  I know of that makes my old A737 by Samsung look like a high tech machine.  The fee schedules are tricky.  for the 19.99 rate, anyone who calls you, whether you answer the phone or not, leaves you with wasted minutes.  For $50.00, you get totally unlimited access.  However, the phone has limited capabilities.  You get facebook and twitter, yahoo and myspace in the social network function.  Blasts are all you can see.  For the basic cost, it's good for the money.

My HTC that I got from my carrier started acting whacko, programs I never put there were popping up and would not tun off. My carrier said it's not their prob. call HTC. HTC said call my carrier. LOL  So I chucked the HTC after a year of irritation and bought this Go Phone. I put my SIM from the HTC in and wallah!I love this non-smart basic phone. Just remember if you don't want to purchase those apps, go to AT&T.com; and disable your device from purchasing.  A few times I got a Congratulations text on apps I did not purchase..called AT&T; and they removed the purchase and I disabled purchases. :)

It worked (limited functionality) even after it was ran over in a puddle of mud, and left for 10 minutes, mainaining a call to inform a date my phone was soon permanently dead.

Got this phone as a starter phone for my daughter. It was a good choice. It's nothing fancy and seems to work well. My daughter hasn't complained at all. Keys are small to me, but my kid does ok with them.

I like the phone and it sure beats my previous one but the battery is lacking...doesn't hold a charge for long. I love the camera...very clear pics and this phone is user friendly, not complicated at all.

I just don't feel like I need a smart phone. I have a computer with internet access, so I don't need to use it on my phone. What do I want from a phone? Well, I like to text. So this full keyboard is awesome. I like to take pictures and video. This phone can do both; it's not professional quality, but I'm not a professional. I like music. This phone supports a micro SD card up to 32 GB. Check, check, check. It has a calender, alarm clock, stop watch, calculator, and all the other random stuff phones have. Can you show proof of insurance with this phone? Probably not. Can you carry your insurance card with you? I can.For what I do with cell phones, this is the perfect phone.

Bought this as a gift for someone who is not that tech savy. Perfect phone for someone who doesn't need all the bells and whistles.

I ordered this through AT&T.  I love it.  If you want something simpler than a smart phone, want to have your own internet, this is the one.  There are good plans, too.  If you put in a battery with more space, you can put lots of pictures and music on the phone.  I got blue tooth earbud to go with it.  Camera works great.

I recently switched from sprint to att for the gophone service. After reading countless go phone reviews I ultimately decided on this one. Mainly due to the price and my lack of interest in phones. This is a dummy phone, and for $20 what do you expect? Great for texting which is mainly what I do, thought the buttons are hard to push so it is quite carpal tunnel enabling if you know what I mean. It catches pretty decent service, and call quality is pretty good. However there is an annoying beeping nose during a call, as if there was a recording device of some sort. I don't talk on the phone enough for it to bother me but its there. And is really annoying. I can't tell you about other features since I don't use any, but I wouldn't expect too much out of this phone. Otherwise look for a smartphone, this is just something to get you by for a few months. Oh and battery life is pretty poor, doesn't hold the charge well which is a disappointment if you're not interested in being a slave to the phone charger. I couldn't care less so I just let it sit in standby mode for as long as possible with the battery amount.

This is a good little phone and works pretty well. It isn't a smartphone, so it seems a little slow sometimes, but overall for the price, I like it.

very easy to learn and use, love this phone  numbers and letters are very easy to see and phone is very nice

I like old school. This is a quality product backed by a quality seller. I like people that say what they mean and mean what they say. It feels good in this day & age to find folks who actually do what they say they are going to do.

I like the phone. The feature are easy to use. The design is a slim phone. The keys easy to navigate.

I hate this phone. Too slow to connect to internet or not even at all. The back comes off easily. I had to purchase a cover to keep the back on. I returned it to Kroger after 1 week and they refused to take it back. Saying it had been 8 days and can only be returned up to 7 days. The keyboard does not even light up.

Got this phone for my son when he tired of paying for data on his smart phone.  He likes it very much for the full key board and the phone works great.

The phone works great for a replacement phone. Att gives you the opportunity to use a go phone on your contract line when no upgrade eligibility or you just want a basic phone and no smart phone

Still found a way to pocket dial my boss even when this phone was in locked mode.  Overall the phone is fine.  It did not recognize my sim card from my old LG xpression so I lost all my contacts and had to go to ATT to get a new card.  I'm sure teen girls or my dad who texts people more than a justin bieber fan would scoff at this phone but it works fine for me.  Does not come with case.

The phone works great and you can move your existing ATT rate plan sim card to the phone as long as you are on their plan. This is not just a pay as you go phone. Have had 1 for 6 years and they never fail me. This is probably one of the last phones that is not android.

The phone seems to be well built, has very good battery life, and the sound is clear. Arrived on time in excellent condition, no problem installing my old "Go Phone" sim card and the phone worked perfectly with no problems. Keys are a little small for anyone with large hands but it was what I expected so not an issue. Would have like the speaker to be front mounted instead of in the back to enhance the quality of the sound but not a show stopper.  All in all very satisfied with the phone, purchase, and shipping experience.

This is an upgrade for me, I had a flip-phone before and texting was a pain. This phone does everything that I need. Together with a monthly text plan and pay-by-the-minute phone calls, I'm saving about $20 a month over the landline.I've had it about a month with no issues and thought so highly of it that I recommended it to my sister who got it for $19 ($20 less than I paid for it 2 weeks earlier).

got it for my folks who only need talk and text but wont use a virtual keyboard and cant make a 10key work. Cheap, well built (for the price), and does exactly what I need it to do.

I bought one originally about 2 weeks ago but had to send it back because it would over heat and would NOT charge. I spoke to Amazon and they sent me a replacement. The new one did charge BUT just like the last one this one over heat even though I was just checking my text messages. It seemed like such a good idea at the time but DO NOT get this phone. it is NOT worth it. The price alone should have been a hint. . . .save yourselves the trouble of having to return it or burning your cheek.

I got this phone because of the reasonable price and dont do internet on my phone and it is similar to the one i had the first phone i received would not read my sim card i had to move it around just right to pick up and the it would drop againthe second one i got would not get service even in the at&t; store where the guy that worked their said it should be full bars it was very annoying but i decided to give it a go one more time and the third phone i revived is working greatamazon was awesome about the returns very easy to do and accommodating

As soon as my son got his phone out started having issues. Now a few months later it won't even turn on correct. It goes directly to the alarm going off and password screen but wont allow us to enter anything....the phone was very slow from day one and would jump online for no reason at all. This phone is the biggest piece of junk i have ever purchased.  Either go with the basic Samsung flip phone which worked great while he had it or get a nice Samsung galaxy express smart phone! Most the phone in between are slow or have issues. Fusion 2, Samsung appeal, z431 all have had major issues. My son now has a Nokia lumia 520 which he loves and i finally spent the Extra and got a dependable and truly amazing Samsung galaxy express. Trust me when i say go with either the most basic cheap flip phone for 20 bucks, the Nokia lumia 520 for 100 or buy the Samsung galaxy express for 200 but stay away from all the other go phones!! They are a true waste of money! Unfortunately I learned the hard way so I hope this helps save someone some time, aggravation and money!

I guess the first thing you have to realize is this: it's not a smart phone.  It seems as though all phones are held up to smart phone standards these days, and it can be hard to filter through the reviews of people expecting an iphone when they buy a "basic" phone.This phone does what it's supposed to.  Calls are clear and easy to hear.  The AT&T; network is much better around my house than the Verizon network was, but I suspect that will vary from user to user.  The battery life seems pretty great so far.  Text messaging works as it should.  All the settings are easy to change and customize.There are a few nit picks I have:When a text comes in, it just says "new message," but doesn't say who it's from.  Not a deal breaker, but a slight annoyance as I do like to know who is sending me a message prior to opening it.The qwerty keyboard is smaller than I'm used to, but not too bad.  I imagine people with large hands would have trouble with it though.  I'm getting used to it pretty quickly.The phone feels fairly light in weight, and it looks nice.  There are a bunch of internet features that I don't use because I only have the $25 a month plan, so I can't speak to their functionality.  Though my gut is telling me if you're looking for a phone that works really well with aps and internet functions, you might want to look elsewhere.One other thing I've been having trouble with (and this is more likely the AT&T; service, not the phone), but I can't seem to figure out how to check my minutes usage on the phone.  I've been going to the AT&T; online account page to check it.  The phone numbers they provide for accessing this info on the phone hasn't worked for me, though I'm not sure why.  Again, I'm not deducting any stars for this since it's probably not the phone.The camera and video on this are an afterthought, and since I have other devices for that use, I'll probably never use it with this phone.  But if you're looking for a great camera phone, this isn't it.There's also a standard headphone jack so you can use this as a mp3 player.  I haven't used this feature yet, but I imagine it functions as expected.Overall, this is a great little phone for someone looking for a cheap, basic phone.  Paired with the $25 monthly gophone account (on auto-renewal), it has saved me about $35 a month from my previous plan.EDIT (12/22/12):  After a few more days of use, there are a couple other little bothersome things about this phone (some of which were mentioned by other reviewers).  First, there *is* a one or two second hesitation after a text comes in, when I'm waiting for the "new message" alert to pop up so I can click it.  I didn't really notice at first, but as I've texted more and more, it becomes apparent that I'm sitting there waiting for the alert to appear.Another thing is that after you reply to a text, rather than bouncing you out to the main screen, it goes back to the message you just replied to.  So then I have to back out to the main screen manually.  And even though there is a "conversation" selection, I haven't figured out a way for the texts to automatically come in conversation mode.  Rather, it seems it's only if you select it after the fact.I know that seems like a lot of negatives, but really they aren't any big deal.  Just some things I've noticed as I use the phone.  I still consider it a 4 star phone for the price.

I chose this phone basically because I mostly need it for texting. It's easy to use, but it freezes up all of the time. You also can't screen messages, but other than that it's has pretty good service in most area's and it holds a charge quite well.

I have had a flip phone for years and have not been into texting.  However, it is mighty convenient when I need to reach my sons or husband at work.  Texting on a flip phone is a huge pain, so I got this.  I have had it just for a day, so the jury is still out.  I think I will get used to it.  For now, I am working out the bugs/quirks.Texting is much, much easier than on my flip phone, obviously.  However, the buttons are very small.  I have very thin fingers and I can do it with a fingernail.  I tried my son's iphone to compare and prefer this...I made more mistakes on the iphone than on this one.I couldn't figure out how to get my phone numbers from my other phone, but of course, my teenage son could did that in a few minutes.  Another savy iphone son was able to create &#34;short cuts&#34; so I can get to my address book and the texting features faster.If you do not lock it, you will pocketdial people.  I did this twice in less than 24 hours and I am not that active a person.  I had it in a jacket pocket.The screen is very crisp and clear.This phone did not come with a sim card.I was able to dial/text on my flip phone without my reading glasses.  I MUST have my reading glasses to use this phone.  Owning this phone is getting expensive...I went ahead and ordered bi-focals just so I can use this phone.  That seems ridiculous, but I suppose I need them. :)I found my flip phone more comfortable, but then again, I found my wall phone with a cord to be more comfortable than it.  I will adjust.  But since no one in my immediate family is a chiropractor, I will not be holding this on my shoulder to talk while I do dishes.If I decide I love it or hate it, I will come back and change my review.  Hope this information is helpful.

If you have a lot of patience this phone is for you. Otherwise, keep shopping. This phone makes the appearance that for the price, it's worth it, but honestly you could do so much better for $50.Pros---basic features-loud volume-QWERTY keyboard; not to small, easy to use-camera is decentCons---Can't send picture messagesI'm not sure if this is just my phone, but I always get "time out error" every time I try to send picture messages (even though my plan covers it)-It's slow to respond-To hang up a call you have to press the end button around 3 or 4 times-The phone startup takes at least 30-45 seconds-Forget about last minute charging; it takes way too long to get decent power; however it does have pretty good battery life-it stalls a lot when switching between the message screen, the idle screen, and menu screens-the screen lock feature is also very slow to respond, and activates while your on a phone call as well, so if you need to press a number on the dial pad during a phone call, you have to (slowly) unlock the screen first-Settings are limited-You can set the phone to vibrate and silent, change ringtones, message tones and wallpaper.You can't control much beyond that. For example, the phone only vibrates once for a message-- youcant change the number of times you get the sound/vibration notification.-Organization of phone and features is a little unconventional and hard to maneuver

Overall this phone works great. Takes a little getting used to, as of course it's different than the previous phones that we had with Sprint. Also, we're getting used to AT&T; service, but that's not necessarily a reflection on the phone itself.Call quality is pretty good, although there have been a couple of times when calls on the other end have been static-filled, but that could be a network issue. Text messaging works good, but you have to use the Conversation mode in order to track a conversation you're having with people, as a previous message will be displayed when a new message comes in, instead of the new message popping up on screen. The Internet works pretty good once you know which sites you can effectively use, but that is pretty much trial and error.For a messaging phone, this is a pretty good phone. Most of my issues seem to be with AT&T;'s service, rather than the device itself. Once I get used to the particularities of this phone and get used to the AT&T; service (in terms of dead spots, weak spots, etc.) I will be happy overall. That, and the fact that I'm saving a substantial amount of money per month by switching from Sprint to AT&T.; Therefore, that is why this phone gets a 4-star rating.

Half of my calls drop. It allows for a good number of text messages to be stored and it does thread them so that's always nice to have but if a phone can't be relied upon to make calls, what good is it?

I now have 3 of these in the family.  Seem to hold up pretty well and haven't had a failure yet.  Seems to be the best option for adding non-data plan lines to the AT&T Family Plan.  Not as robust as the old Blackberry's, but still seem to be durable and will last long enough considering the cost.

I actually had been looking for this phone in the physical stores for almost a month, when I got the bright idea to look on line. I had already done my homework and knew the pros and cons of this phone also. Not only did I find it cheaper (always a win), but it came with a case and was exactly as it was described in the description. And as for shipping...it came EARLIER than the stated dates and may service was top notch!  Small, text efficient, and cheaper; while giving me something I had been looking for for a long time, plus a case? Perfect! Five stars for you!

THIS PHONE CAME AND WHEN I POWERED THE PHONE ON...THE SCREEN WAS WHITE AND STAYED WHITE THE WHOLE TIME !!!! DISAPPOINTED

I purchased this phone as a replacement for an older AT&T; GoPhone.  The phone itself is very nice, and the screen is large and easy to read.  It is very thin and light weight, and the battery life is good.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the phone is somewhat slow, but it is nothing too bad.  Also, when receiving text messages, the sender of the text message is not displayed.  These are small issues and minor annoyances.However, the phone's calling capabilities are why I gave this phone such as bad rating.  On my end, the call sounds great; I can hear the other person very well.  Although, the person that I am calling says that there are issues with the phone.  For instance, if the other person and I happen to talk a little at the same time, the other person says that the call cuts out and they cannot hear me.  This results in having to repeat myself a lot when using this phone.As a result, I am no longer using this phone.  I cannot recommend this phone as a result of its call quality.

It's okay now that I finally got it. I will like to order something later on but not right now

Often mistaken for a Blackberry, this phone has been an absolute treasure for nearly a year. It's easy to use, reliable, attractive, and durable and priced just right. It's been dropped and thrown, and survived plenty of sand and snow - beautifully. Get unlimited Web access with AT&T's $35 per month unlimited plan (500 talk minutes, unlimited text and data). Internet access is limited - many web pages are too large to download - but perfectly adequate for a heavy Facebook and YouTube user. I have loved this phone! I recently gave it to a friend, who also loves it, to upgrade to a smartphone. This is the smartest little dumb phone I've ever found, and such a pleasure to use!

I've had my phone for a month or so. Obviously not a smart phone, but it gets the job done. It is slow and sometimes vibrates repeatedly and freezes for no apparent reason, but those are its most annoying problems. Texting is good, which is my big thing. I've had no problems with calls. Overall, for the price i'd say it's a fair deal.

The phone is better looking than I expected. It has a nice size screen and is great for the price. I really have no complaints, I'm overall pleased with the phone.

I have not had this phone for long but so far I have found this phone is decent but I am not a fanProsQwerty keyboard - this was my main concern when looking for a phoneNo data plan required - I am not using this as a smartphone and I am not using it as a go phone (just as a phone for my standing att account until I have a line available for upgrade)Conswhen I receive a text it just says new message, there is no name of the sender shown - this creates problems because there are people I like to ignore messages from and others that I need to view messages from immediately and there is no way to determine who a text is from until I see itThe phone just seems slow - you click on the new message and it can take several seconds to load, that is with out having additional apps runningSIM contacts can not be "hidden" from the address book - I like to have all of my contacts saved in my phone and I like to have them all saved on my SIM card but I do not like to see all of my contacts names twice, so far I have not found a way to hide the SIM contacts and that is irksomeno vibration settings? - Im hoping I am wrong on this one but so far I have not been able to make the vibration stronger than a light buz. So annoying. I always have my phone on vibrate and am afraid I will miss texts and calls if there is no way to make the vibration strongerEdit 12/28This phone is still decent. I think it is closer to a 3.5 star rating now though.More ProsThe threaded texting mode works well.The vibration setting given is actually okay most of the time even though I still sometimes wish it was stronger.It's actually pretty study, I have dropped my phone many times and that happens is it restarts, but it always does come back to life.On my AT&T; (not go phone plan) the unlimited Internet is $10 and this has a decent browser to check Facebook or my email or google the occasional question.The New ConI am a little annoyed by the fact that this phone just restarts sometimes but it seems to be a theme among lower quality phones; however, it could be a huge problem in an emergency.Update 8/5/13I have stopped using this phone and gotten a high end Android because of an available upgrade.I will miss this phones $10/month data plan, the easy to configure alarms, the relatively small size, and the full keyboard.I think that this phone was worth what I paid to get me through several months but it showed wear and tear when I stopped using it and I'm not sure how much longer it was going to last (I am a heavy user though several hundred text days and drops down the stairs were not uncommon).

amazing phone for the price. i don't need a smartphone like everyone else, because all i really do is text, call, and take pictures.my favorite thing about this phone is how the texts are in conversation view. my last phone had messages one by one, and it was so inconvenient and i would always forget to reply or who i'm texting.it's also interesting how if you have the sound on, and you're switching between conversations with the right/left arrow, it makes a loud beeping noise. i like that because it prevents the embarrassment of texting something to the wrong person by accident.i love the keyboard! it is very easy and fast to type with. everything works great, the design is nice and slim and fits right in my pocket.

Can't see the little numbers and letters on the keyboard. Not at all what we expected. Hope to return the phones.

I read a lot of reviews and thought this would be a good phone until my current cell phone contract exprires. Unfortunately, the receiption works well everywhere except my house. I'm not sure if it's the phone's fault but I just walk around until I get better reception.

I dropped this phone once on the ground by accident and the screen completely broke..it would work but the screen would be all white

I sought out this product as a gift and it met my standards and expectations. All in all, good phone.

I have a talent for losing phones. Seriously. We're talking 8 phones in 8 weeks. Normally I manage to track down the phone the next day, but after my last AT&T; phone got run over by a city bus, I finally exhausted my supply of old phones and had to buy a new one. I ordered this on a Friday and chose to have it shipped over night. It arrived in record time and after getting a new SIM card activated at the b/m store (always save your old SIM cards!It's light weight and slim. The cover falls off A LOT and I eventually had to just replace it with duct tape. There's definitely a bit of a delay, as other have written, when it comes to opening/sending texts, and it the menu navigation is pretty sluggish, but for someone like me, who doesn't (shouldn't) really invest in quality phones, it does the job. I don't have a data plan so I can't speak to it's internet or GPS capabilities, but it met all my needs... until I lost it in a cab... I know, I know, but that's why I'm buying in lower quality phones on Amazon...

Good little phone for those that want to be able to talk and text and not have to sign another two year contract.....At this price, if it breaks you throw it away and buy another one. Sort of a "timex" version for a cell phone.WHOOPS....THE BLUE TOOTH ABILITY JUST DIED. GUESS IT IS NOT SO RELIABLE AFTER ALL. Time to pitch it and get another phone!

I had to return an android phone because I couldn't figure out how to use it. I am a beginner and this phone was easy to figure out and works great!

The phone works great.  However, the pay-as-you-GO cards don't get you very far for very long.  I was constantly being charged a penny for this, two cents for that, 10 cents here, there and everywhere!  I ran out of time before I ran out of month.  I had to keep buying additional time/refill cards, etc.  Very annoying and quite expensive.  I won't be &#34;Go&#34;-ing anywhere with this prepaid phone again.

Very nice cell phone. If you don't have the money for a smartphone, and lack public phones in your town or city, then this phone is for you. I have the "pay-as-you-go" (AT&T; plan) which is about $8 per month. I paid ONLY $28.88 + FREE shipping. Perfect plan & perfect phone for my needs.I can download most apps that are used in most smartphones but really have no use for them. I just need a simple phone to make a quick phone call for a cab, last minute restaurant reservation, a quick 5 minute call to friends/family, check bus & train schedule, etc.Fits comfortably in my pocket. Has a keypad lock, so I don't have to worry about pocket-dialing. Excellent screen size (2.4") & superb screen resolution (1600 x 1200 pixels). Even though it doesn't have a flash, the video-still shots are surprisingly & unexpectedly incredible. Sound quality is adequate. Texting is easy, however, you can't tell who's sending a text because it has NO name ID.There's one down-side to this phone, supposedly, I should be able to detach the USB cable from the AC adapter, however, as hard as I may, I'm unable to do so. It just won't budge. If it detached, I could charge my phone via the USB (PC) & download/upload files to & from the cell but to NO avail. No big deal, I can just purchase a compatible USB cable from Amazon. In fact, I think Amazon sells a combo set as well.Last bit of info, I was able to transfer my contacts from my old phone to the new with just one tiny issue. Once I placed the old SIM card into this phone, it duplicated all of my contacts. So I had to delete the dups one contact at a time.A QUICK RANT FOR AT&T;:Get Rid Of The Extremely Slow Start-Up Screen. Forcing Users To Stand There While The Screen Is Frozen On "Rethink Possible" Is Impossible To Take Anymore!Bottom-Line:Medium-High Recommendation.

This phone gets the job done. It is hard to find a phone with a full keyboard, that does not require a data plan. This phone was perfect for me, almost the same exact model as the phone I had before but I really like it! I really like that it is made out of recyclable material. The buttons are perfect for me, but i have small hands.

If you are looking for a basic phone with a QWERTY keyboard for sole purposes of making calls, and texting ONLY without having to subscribe to a data plan, this is literally just about your only choice on AT&T.;  It does those two functions adequately.  Call quality is good, and the keyboard while small, is adequate.  This is not a smartphone so its not to compare features to basic android phones etc, but this phone has many other quirks that would probably make me pick another model, if such a device was available.  Some of the biggest annoyances:Battery charging indicator is seldom, if ever accurate.  It will show full charge on AC then immediately drop to 75% when you unplug it. It does this even if you leave it plugged in all night so I never know if my phone is ever completely charged.  It does also takes a very long time to charge.  With the included AC adaptor it often takes 2-3 hours to charge from 25%, if not more.  The good news is that I often get 3 days out of a charge, even with heavy texting and moderate phone call usage.Extremely limited internal memory of only 8 MB for text messages.  This is criminal for a phone that is obviously designed for texting.  Even though you can add a micro SD card, you cant store text messages on it so you are constantly getting "memory low" warnings even if the "auto delete old messages" feature is enabled.GET A CASE.  This phone is extremely flimsy, lightweight, and fragile.  One pocket drop will kill it.  The screen scratches easy so get a screen protector too.It has the ability to play MP3's, but the playback volume is deafening even on the lowest setting.The built in camera is surprisingly good in all sorts of lighting situations, But it often takes 3 - 5 seconds to launch the camera. This is a case where the plus outweighs the negative though.Pairing with a Bluetooth headset is an absolute pain.  It only connects with my headset on the third try, every time.Overall this thing is laggy and slow.  No matter what function you wish to do, it will always take a few seconds to load up the desired feature.  There is an option to check att for a firmware update, however that feature on my phone does not work.  It did when I bought it, then it just stopped.So again, for texting and phone calls only, four stars.  For overall usage and performance for anything else, one star.  Unless you buy an unlocked cel phone from somewhere, this is pretty much the only ATT phone with a hard QWERTY keyboard that does not require a data plan.  Its usable, just don't expect to love it.

For a cheap, non-smartphone, this phone is pretty decent. I was looking for one that had a full keyboard and I like it. For someone with bigger hands or bad eyesight this may not be the phone for you as others have told me they couldn't use it because the keys were too small.The pictures it takes are pretty decent as are the videos for not being a smartphone.I would recommend buying a microchip because it has little memory on it. I am always deleting text messages because they fill up quick too.One thing I don't like which I'm not sure if it's the phone or AT&T; is that is always says I have a voicemail even though I don't. I've resetted it and everything and it won't go away.I also don't like how I can't edit my music or the file name to try to explain what I'm talking about. I thought I used to do it through the phone but I am guessing I did it through my laptop. It would be nice to be able to edit the music information like song name, artist name, etc. Also I would love to edit photos as well and save them. Sometimes I want to send a photo but it's rotated the wrong way and I can't figure out since having it how to do so.Overall I still think it's a decent phone and worth the price but compared to my last phone, which had a full keyboard, it doesn't compare to it. I think it would probably be better for someone in their young teens or preteens or anyone who really doesn't need an expensive smartphone.

I am not even using the phone! There is sooooo much static in the phone and you can only hear about every other word in it! I am very unhappy! I had to switch back to my old phone which have problems but, works better then the one that I ordered from Amazon!

A little slow between actions at times. But it is perfect if you just want to receive calls and text.

If I could give it 0 stars, I would...But it might not be fair...the product is not bad, but the AT&A description of it, in my humble opinion, is not right...On the back of this phone there is a sticker that reads:  Attention!  If you are a current AT&T customer,simply charge the battery and move your ESISTING SIME (WHICH I HAVE...PAYING BETWEEN $130 AND $149 A MONTH) existing SIM.  WHAT THEY DO NOT tell you is that your ring-tones--which you paid for--will NOT be included!!!!  (I understand that I have to enter EVERY CONTACT; and that is OK.)  My wish:  Let "them" tell "us" what is possible and what is NOT...BEFORE WE PAY for the phone....Is that too much to ask?????  I would appreciate your comments/similar instances.

This is not a smart phone. This is everything that you need if you are in the market for a dumb phone that works through at&t.

Since I am on my mom's phone plan I use an att go phone. I got this one due to its Bluetooth capability so I can talk hands free. This phone is extremely temperamental. The network connection stinks when its in my apartment- even if I have an available 2 bars on the phone the phone reads emergency calls only- and this has not been a problem with my other older go phones. The keyboard is tiny  and very touch sensitive. So much so that it can somehow make telephone calls without you even using the phone at all. The last straw came for me when I had left my phone in my pants pocket and I get a call from my dad asking me why I called. I told him I hadn't called and my father said that I had. Apparently the phone managed to call my father somehow or another without me even touching the phone.  Sure enough after I hang up I check recent calls and sure enough I had apparently called my dad. Good greif- I wound up getting the flip phone z222 model instead so far I haven't had any problems with it.

Good phone, I like the features. The only downside is it did not come with a necessary (IMO) owner's manual.

Sometimes buying a used piece of gear means buying someone else's problems.  So it was when I received a &#34;LIKE NEW&#34; phone from Cali-Wholesale whose external speaker (ring, ring, what? what?) and ear piece were both not fully functioning.  Representative made the return process sound simple, asked me to remove negative feedback and promised a NEW replacement.  Since Amazon then simply put monies back on my gift card/account, Cali-Wholesale simply dropped me from their radar, as though I was trying to play some game with them.  No recontact, no replacement phone proceedings.  Nothing.  Confusing at best...

I was happy to find these go phones for half the price that I get them for at Wal-Mart. They are not the best quality, but when my kids phone's break, they are a great replacement without the contract. You just switch the ATT&T sim card, and you are all set. After about 6 months of extended use, some of the buttons break.

finally mama has a phone she can send and receive calls on, that isn't to complicated for her to get the 'hang' of.

I had sort of a hard time with it. It was a little too small but the phone is a nice phone.Penny

I had big hopes on this phone. What a waste of money. In three months of owning it allready looking a replacement phone. It freezes on me, drop calls, texting is a huge pain with the keyboard not working right, havent had a data plan so cant say anything about that. but my friend got the same phone and she exprence the same problems. duluth mn is known for good at&t service but i got my doubts now. what a pain maybe where i live or is the phone is the question.

This phone was purchased to replace an outdated (and free) GoPhone from AT&T.;  Both the low price and data plan optional qualities led me to this phone.  I tried to purchase it direct from AT&T;, but their stores don't carry it and they required a new phone number assignment if I purchased it from them online.This is not a smartphone and I was not expecting one.  However, it is a major improvement from my previous phone.  I find it easy to use and although the keys are small they are easy to get used to.  I have not used data on it yet so I can only speak to phone calls and text messaging.  It works great for both.  The screen is clear and easy to read and the menus simple to navigate.

This was just what I was looking for. I would have given a 5 star if I could figure out how to set for vibrate only. I bought this to avoid upgrading my phone and committing to another 2 years on my contract with AT&T.  I like easy to use phones, I have been using a Razr and buying them used so I wouldn't have to learn how to work the newer ones. I don't use it as a smart phone but I've been told I could. I only text & send pictures occasionally mostly I talk.  Someone told me how to set to vibrate. Now it's perfect for me.

This phone is thin, small and does everything a simple phone can do. The price can not be beat for what you are getting.

Got this phone for my son.  I first let him use my old iPhone but quickly realized that wasn't a great idea.  Kids tend to loose or break everything at one point or another.  He keeps this in his bag and takes to cub scouts and karate.  Call quality is good, battery life is good.  Build quality is good for a cheap phone.  The phone is small, but perfect in size for a kid. Being an AT&T phone it works well with all the text messaging options (photo, video, audio mms messages) on the AT&T network.  If you are not using it as a go phone it takes the larger sim card than found in the iPhone 4.  I did not use the provided go phone sim card.  I went to AT&T store and they gave me a sim card to add the phone to my family share plan.  Buying the phone thru Amazon and getting my own sim card kept me from having to sign a contract.  I would purchase this phone again.

Will be returning this item. We took it to the AT&T store to activate for mother in law and they could not get the phone to read SIM card. I hope this seller doesn't sell other faulty products.

This phone is nice for my parent that doesn't have any use for a smartphone. It's functional and easy to use. The only drawback is the fact you are not able to connect to wi-fi but other than that it is a nice phone.

I wanted this phone because I dropped my contract plan and went to a gophone type plan to save some money and this was the only appealing go phone they had in the store but not really, because they didnt have any in stock.So me, not feeling like waiting for them to get more, came here to buy it and it worked like a charm.

I really like this phone because of the keyboard and the price that I paid for it.  It's held a charge for a long time and I have had no problems getting used to it.  It was well worth the money.

When my Nokia turned into a brick I needed an interim phone while we sorted that out. This phone is not easy to use as the pad is very compact but it is cheap and keeps a charge far better than my Nokia.

The screen and buttons are very small, but if you have patience, this phone is great value for the price. It has all the capabilities that you can have without being a smart phone. I visit many websites and use the calendar.

This cell phone is tough, durable, and dependable for the all the bells and whistles.  The product is an older version but it does what I need to get things done.

keyboard too small easy to make mistake whilst dialling....best to use as a backup phone. price is great features good.

Thanks so much for the phone. It works perfectly and its exactly what i needed. The box was in pretty bad shape but the phone was not damaged

Easy transaction.  Shipped quickly.  I bought this for my son as a gift because he actually wished he had his old Blackberry again.  I was surprised I still could find one new.  He was so happy.  That's what counts!

I needed a phone with a clear speakerphone. This one fits the bill.  The only complaint is that the keyboard is very tiny and I have to use my fingernails to hit the keys.

Great phone.  NO COMPLAINTS!  Works like a charm.  Light as a feather.  No problems what so ever!  If you need a decent reliable and affordable phone this is the one!

Phone has small letters.. need your eyeglasses for everything.  The worst part of this phone is the main menu.  The cursor automatically defaults to the app icon..and you get charged data for each time it is pushed... which can happen just floating around your bag.  Every time I refill..I have to place a call to customer service to reverse charges and to disable the data feature.... Hate this phone.

I purchased this phone about three weeks ago to replace a malfunctioning Pantech quick messaging phone.  So far it's impressive, considering its low cost.The most important thing you need to understand is *this is not a smartphone* and you should not expect it to behave as such.  It doesn't and you will be disappointed.This phone is very thin and light.  It also seems very durable.  It has a nice selection if ringtones and quite a few of them are very loud.  There are also several alert tones to choose from (8, to be exact), but for some reason the phone sometimes chooses to play a simple "ding" sound, rather than your chosen tone.  I do not find this a problem, as my phone is rarely more than 10 feet away from me, but some people might find this irritating.  (I think this may be a network issue and not a phone issue, as the network where I live is really terrible and that causes all kinds of strange problems.  Also, you can set a ringtone as an alert tone and this problem goes away.  About 3 seconds of the ringtone will play, not the whole thing.)I am a heavy texter and moderate talker and charge the phone about twice a week.  However, I do not ever let the battery drop lower than a quarter charge.  I have had no problems with the back falling off.  This phone has TONS of memory space, even without an extra memory card.I am on the fence about the keyboard.  It is not flat - the keys are raised.  I don't dislike it, but I'm not sure I like it, either.  It's also a little cramped.  The keys are a little stiff (you'll get used to that) but give a good, audible clicking sound when pressed.I do not use any options involving a data plan and so cannot comment on them.Like other reviewers have said, this phone is a little sluggish.  I really do not find this to be an issue unless I am in a hurry.  Hanging up from a call also sometimes takes multiple pushes of the end call button.  It would also be nice to be able to make the keyboard backlight brighter.My biggest concern is the long-term durability of this phone.  The screen tends to flash white at times, usually after a call or sending a text.  That worries me, but since the phone was cheap, it wouldn't be a big deal to replace it.My three little nitpicks are as follows:  1)  When typing an email or text and using the word "I'm," the M will automatically capitalize itself.  It looks like you make a type-o and that irritates me.  You can change that by hitting the case button and switching to lowercase, but my point is I shouldn't have to.  2)  When you first begin to use the phone, the city of your caller shows up in the caller ID.  I think this is pretty cool, but what nobody will tell you is that this is a free trial of an app (really bloatware) you have to subscribe to for $2 a month once the free trial expires.  Bummer.  3)  You have the game Uno on the phone, but you only have 5 games before you cannot play anymore and are prompted to buy the full version.  Uno is one of my favorite games so this was a real disappointment.In spite of the little things - and they really are little - I still give this phone 4 stars.  Just keep in mind when you buy that it's a cheap dumbphone and don't expect it to be an iPhone.

This was a steal - especially because I didn't have much money to go a fancy phone. There is no obligation with this type of phone! Works well, I keep it in a drawer just in case my new phone ever breaks. Love it!

We needed an extra phone while waiting for the next upgrade to become available on our AT&T family plan. Easy to figure out, nice screen size. Perfect for texting. Would not recommend with a data plan, but for calling and texting it is a very good choice. Very reasonably priced phone, now I don't need to worry about my kids breaking yet another cell phone.

Well let me say that this is my 2nd time having this phone, the first time I dropped it in water and of course you know that outcome....the phone is decent, battery life is awesome and the sound is clear. With that being said its good for the price. Very plain and simple. Texting is ok not sure of the internet per I dont have those services. I would recommend.

I actually got this from a retail store for the $30 price tag. I decided to get it when I had to send one of the most popular smart phones in to be serviced for the second time in less than 6 months...the worst part of sending it in was finding a phone to borrow while it was in the shop (why I'm expected to have a backup phone for my NEW phone I will never know). Anyway...This phone is pretty easy to set up and definitely functions. Calls seem to be of pretty good quality. Texting is fine though the keys are a bit small even though I have small fingers anyway. I have already dropped it once onto tile floor as the phone is a bit small and not much grip but it still works perfectly well (I have a cheap case on the way...case+shipping = about $4). The internet is so-so. Nothing like on smartphones but it shouldn't be for the price tag. Camera decent at least. Display nice size. The entire phone lags a little but again for the price I didn't expect it to be snappy in it's functions. I do really love that it fits easily into my pocket....haven't had that in a phone for a while!My main complaint is the texting application. It will pop up to view text and when you do view the text it only shows you your new one....to see the entire conversation (or what you said to get the response you did) you must go in the messaging application and click on 'conversations.' I wish it automatically went to the entire thing as sometimes I forget what was said or what we were talking about.Another con is that I have music on my SD card. I go to the music player and it takes a while to refresh...even after I weeded out what I could live without until I get my other phone back. The sound is also not the greatest but, again, I did not buy it for an mp3 player.While this is annoying I feel I must still give it 4/5 stars as for $30 I cannot expect much else. It was worth the money vs. going through the headache of finding somebody with a spare phone I could borrow temporarily.

Had this phone for a couple months as a temporary phone and I never had a problem with it. It's a simple phone and I'm a simple guy so I was happy with it. My only problem with it was the keys were kind of small for my fingers. Other than that it gets the job done plus it kinda has a blackberry look to it so you can feel cool about it when everyone around you is tapping away on their iphones.

This is quite possibly the worst phone ever produced.  I have not yet succumbed to the smart phone cult, and when picking a new phone I really need it to perform two simple tasks.  One: it must make a phone call.  Two: it must send and receive text messages.  Alas, this phone fails to perform either task optimally.  Perhaps the most irritating detail is the two to three second lag time between the push of  a button and the phone response.  My brothers each have this phone, and the problem is the same with their models.  The buttons are tiny, and were designed to accommodate the appendages of a mouse, or a praying mantis.  The camera on this device snaps a picture that looks as if it pre-dates the original GameBoy camera. The phone lock feature is horrible...the lock feature will activate itself during a phone call, so if you are speaking with an automated service and need to press a button, you must first unlock your phone mid-call to do so.  Needless to say, I derived an unhealthy amount of pleasure from smashing the phone against a brick wall.

Keys stick & trouble hearing on it.  Design needs to redone with keys  spaced a little bit in between &care hard to see  also had trouble hearing on it .  Not the best phone maybe for a young child first phone.

I don't like spending an arm and a leg for cellphones and cellphone plans.  I needed texting and my old family plan didn't include it. I went with the ATT Mobile Share plan...no contract...with unlimited talk and text and 300MB of data for $60/month for my wife and I.  This phone allows me to enjoy the plan without any strings. The phone operation is easy and once you get by the small keys so is texting.  Don't buy this phone if you want to use the internet as it really wasn't designed for that.  I occasionally check news or weather and use my tablet for heavy duty internet stuff.

For the price, I doubt you can go wrong. If you are the type who subscribes to the Edward Bernays mindset of buying the latest smartphone every year for $500, don't waste your time reading this review. A smart phone could cost you up to $500/yr, especially with the new ATT plans like NEXT that penalize you twice for buying the phone from them and and placing it on contract. Bottom line is - do you need what the smartphone offers? Do you need 8 acres of land that you will never use? Don't just follow the herd.There are some reasons for getting a phone like this vs an Expensive smartphone:-You have the grandfathered ATT family plan, and want a decent simple no fee phone with an extra line. Assuming you have family messaging/Text you can use it for that(Its best feature). You don't have to worry about contracts and activation fees. For an additional $10 you have unlimited data.-You have the newer ATT shared plan, and want an extra line with a cheap phone that is very economical on data (use Opera Browser for a real web experience with miniscule data usage)-You prefer a REAL keyboard. You are a heavy texter and don't really need the apps and whistles of the latest Galaxy. If you do lots of email and typing it may be an advantage over touch. This phone seems to have the best reviews vs the other alternatives.Pros:Can be mistaken for a blackberry, attractive phone, a bit different from the crowd.Good basics, call quality, battery life, etc.Just the right size.Qwerty Tactile Keyboard(Some may even prefer this), threaded text messages.Great MP3 Player, can add cheap 32gb cardDecent 2MP camera (many feature phones are lucky to have 1.3MP). Does MMS very well.If lost or broken, you don't have worry about a $400 smartphone, and begging ATT for help with your locked contract.Now, many people do not take advantage of its data capabilities. For $10 you can add an unlimited ATT non-smartphone dataplan. I believe this is worth it:-Yes, these phones have apps. It runs on Qualcomms Brew OS along with a Java ME VM. There aren't that many apps but the ones that are available are very high quality and pass various certifications if they do anything serious on the phone. I suggest downloading UCBROWSER signed browser(this removes warnings that you are using data). Takes a bit of getting used to but with 3g I can surf almost any site when I'm on the go. Definitely check email using mobile and standard gmail site (it also has built in email). There is also Opera browser, though I prefer UC. The browser that comes with the phone, NetFront I believe, is very mediocre.-Can watch most Youtube videos, albeit at a lower quality. The other day it helped me troubleshoot something on my car when I was on the road. The video is like late-90s PC quality(definitely watchable).-Has Free GPS app to locate you on a map and find restaurants, movies, etc. Uses TomTom maps. GPS directions though cost extra from ATT. Third party apps can't really access GPS on this phone (I am a developer and tried) because Location apps must be signed and approved by ATT (I guess for security and profit).-Tight, mature Java sandbox environment with high security. Unsigned apps are limited to games and can't access data.-Multitask mode (like alt-tab on a pc). Has special button for that. Can easily switch between tasks. Very respectable speed, but it is no new Iphone.-Has a barcode scanner to identify products and see them on Amazon, other sites (its decent, not the greatest, YMMV by item).-There are some Java games and other apps if you search. Nothing like Android but you can find some nice stuff.Cons:Wish It could display temperature or a bit of extra info on the home screen. The main screen shows day, date and time clearly.Better shortcuts to user installed apps, songs, etc..I suggest an anti-glare paste on screen protector if you use it for data. Very inexpensive. May not be an issue for some, but I used it once for hours without and got a bit of eyestrain. The filter makes it perfect.Can't lock the phone with a password when the screen blanksOther than that, none at the present if it works as it does. I know its not a smartphone but it is at the top of the pack for a feature phone. Looking up would be an entry level smartphone.Use the money you save to buy a nice tablet!For the price I would definitely get another. It currently meets all my needs for texting and data. At the end of they day this phone is THIRTY BUCKS!

This phone has stood the test of time for me.  It's been chucked across parking lots, cow pastures, stepped on by a horse, and all kinds of other things (unintentionally of course).  It still works just as well as when I bought it.  It's definitely not a smart phone, but it looks like one.  I've had several people mistake it for a blackberry.  I love the qwerty keyboard for texting also.

I gave it two stars .The speaker does not work right ,sometime they can't hear me on the other end. I bought two of them and they both have the same problem.

takes over 3 seconds to react on the buttons that you push. Its the most annoying thing that I have used.

i will be buying another one....it works really well.my son loves it.i like the features and the keyboard also.yes yes

i have to pay money to unlock this phone dat so unfair......i can not rate this phone .........alot of people put stuff on amazon to sell.......with misleading information
