
I like this phone because I didn't need a data plan or a contract for it through verizon. It has a nice camera on it and so far the touch screen hasn't freaked out which is always a plus!

This phone is a good phone for texting and calling. The memory on this phone is horrible though. I took three pictures while on vacation and after that it said that it wouldn't allow any more picture because the memory was full. So, I deleted two of the three pictures and tried to take more and it still said the memory was full. I went out to my local Target store and bought a micro SD card just an 8GB one because I figured it would last through my vacation. Still, the extra 8GB wasn't enough even after I made sure the pictures would have been saving correctly. I would not recommend this phone for pictures, videos, or music. Although, besides the memory issues, it works fine, is very durable, and easy to navigate as well.

it was delivered faster than I expected. I was worried about the quality of a refurbished cell phone before I put the order. But I was so glad to find out the quality of the phone was great when I got the package.

I bought this phone as a replacement for my little one's phone that was broken.I ordered this, recieved it, and it was garbage.  I wrote a BAD review, and the seller asked me to take it down and they'd send me a new one.  Being an IDIOT, I did it, and NEVER got the phone! All I got was, &#34;it must be in transit&#34; I asked for the tracking number, never got it. I am SICK that this individual was dirty like that, especially after all of the emails back and fourth. Amazon should NOT let this person sell anything PERIOD! I ordered the phone more than a month ago, and now waiting for something that will never arrive, because of the dishonesty! DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Great Phone. This phone is simple to use with alot of extras for a texting phone. Battery life is very good

I bought this phone at a Verizon boothe at Costco. Seemed like a good phone for my wife and I since we didn't want a smart phone but wanted a full keyboard to text (our 1st time).Pros: Great voice sound and great keyboard.Cons: I keep the phone n the carry case that came specifically for it. Over half of the time when answering a call, the phone hangs up while trying to remove it from the case.It comes with Opera web browser but verizon told me you must use 3g and have a data plan. Can't use local wifi. I haven't tried to verify.When replying to a text message, can't open the keyboard right away. Must go to the home screen then open the keyboard and select the message you want to reply to. Way to go Samsung. Guess they want to sell only their Galaxy line.Touch screen is very touchy for me and I own 2 tables with Android.

I bought this item a few days ago, the shipping time was great it even came a day early! however the product I received was not in working condition. I bought mine used however the description said it was in &#34;good&#34; condition. I opened my package, turned on my device and immediately tried to program it because I am in need of a fully functional cell phone. However I could not complete programming because the device had no reception ANYWHERE. My other mobile device had full bars and they are from the same carrier. Very disappointed in my purchase.

Got the phone earlier then expected..wasn't sure if it was brand new, packing wasn't sealed..wrote to sellerAsking if t was new and where was the &#34;sim&#34; card ( as instruction book said to insert the &#34;sim&#34; card..by no reply from seller..).  Activated phone @ Verizon store (booth), Verizon employee said phone is new and in good shape. It works, got a nice blue case from Verizon and a xtra storage card..good to go!  Satisfied 100% so far so good! Guess &#34;sim&#34; card is not needed!

I call this my gateway phone as it is probably the last feature phone I have before I succumb to the smartphone. It looks like one, as the touch screen features, has a slide out keyboard so texting is easy. It was easy to set up and I am generally pleased with the performance. You don need to watch swiping the face or you will turn something on or off but that's user error. I am pleased with the battery life.

My wife is pleased with this. It is a lot more easier than screen-based keyboard.  Arrived & looks as advertised.

This phone is a great replacement for a lost or broken phone.  Works great.  Takes calls well and photos are good.  Touch screen works flawlessly.  No problems with this phone!

Bla bla bla

I had this one before.  I accidentally got water in it and broke down after the second time I did the same situation.  The only problem I got is that the touch screen is a little bit too sensitive when your on a call or not.  other then that it's just a perfect phone for me.

I ordered this phone for my daughter.  When I went to activate it I was told it had been reported lost/stolen.  I contacted the seller and they refunded me within 24 hours however I still had to find a replacement phone and deal with a disappointed child.  I gave 2 stars because atleast they tried to remedy the situation quickly but it was inconveniet nonetheless.

It worked for just over 6 months and now will not turn on. I cannot seem to get them to contact me about this problem either.

The phones have been really easy & great to use.This is one of the best phones to use without a data plan

I purchased this phone for my 75 year old Mother.  She wanted a phone with a physical keyboard and a large display.  After a little review with her she was able to use it with no problem.  The ability to modify the display menu helped.

Perfect transitional phone with touch screen, etc, for us moving towards, but stopping short of a smart phone.  Thanks Samsung.

Nice phone for a non smart phone. But after I changed the screen color to green, the orange option deleated from by options and can not be changed back.

The texting works but talking to someone does not.  I can hear people but they cannot hear me making it difficult to use this phone when calling people that do not have texting on their phone such as my Grandparents..

On time and no issues with the product. I would recommend this product and vendor to others. Simple phone, works great for the $.

The phone and charger were in excellent condition; free of scratches, screen was clear, buttons clean and tidy. This product exceeded my (and my daughter's) expectations for a used phone.

Missing the following features: light for camera, wifi antenna. Keys are overly sensitive and locking the screen is cumbersome. I was expecting a full keyboard on the touchscreen. Can't customize answering calls or timeout of back light.

I liked that the shipping service was great no problem there. It's quite annoying the same layout on screen no customization there. But its a simple phone no wow facters.

My original Brightside got wet in a rainstorm. I got this as a replacement because I like the Brightside. It is one of the few phones with smartphone features (touch screen, etc.) that doesn't require a data plan.

This is a replacement product for me and I love the expandable text board.  That allows the screen to be larger.

Great phone, perfect for those who like the look and feel of a smart phone but prefer a basic model. Easy to set-up with Verizon; took about 5min to activate and activation was free because I already had an account.

I am very happy with my Brightside.  It arrived and I was extremely pleased how fast I received it.  It's the best basic phone you can get.

My mom bought this phone because she liked the idea of having a touch screen but not a smartphone. This is actually a good phone to get if you are looki g to upgrade to a smartphone in the future. It will get you used to touch screen and a little more features than a regular basic phone. The shipper was great. It came in a very timely manner and actually sooner than expected.

got this phone as replacement for my daughter of the exact same device that she had &#34;drowned&#34;.  I had almost given up, because it is a rarely requested model.

worked fine for 1/3 the price of verizon at three hundered dollars for a new one at the verizon store

This is my second Brightside.  I didn't want to pay the data package for a smartphone and this phone is a good choice in a basic phone.

SMS Messages are only storable on the phone's internal memory when using the OEM phone software. For those who send frequent text massages it will limit the usefulness of the device unless the messages are regularly backed up onto a different device. The phone itself had a somewhat clunky user interface, but the mail and web browser were decent and the phone functionality was reliable. If the phone had a reasonable way to back up SMS messages so they didn't fill up internal memory the phone would still be in use rather than replaced by a smart phone.

The buying process was easy and timely.  The product is good, but, the instruction manual is lacking and the touch screen and keys are way to sensitive.  i.e. camera will take pictures with the slightest touch.

I bought this phone for our 12 year old daughter and this is a perfect phone for a first time user. Easy to set up and maneuver through it's smartphone like in many ways. The only complaint I have is that if you're not careful it is very easy to wake the phone and accidently dial some one if you have the phone in a pocket or purse. If the buttons on the front can be pushed the phone will dial randomly so I highly recommend getting a hard case that covers the buttons. Phone came in a nice case and in great shape. This really is a good little phone for the price.

US Postal Service lost the first phone that was sent out.  They sent out another one right away, no hassles.  The only reason it isn't getting 5 stars is that the battery that came with the refurbished phone lasts about 4 hours and then needs recharging.  Still, not much additional $$ to replace it.

Was more than expected.  There was no damage that was noticeable the keys all worked well the screen was clear, sound was clear. Price was fair for the item.  Will use this vender if I need another unit in the future.

Iv had this phone for about 6 months now and I have had no problems with it! (I got the blue version cause I heard it was better)I was looking for a good touch screen phone that didn't require a data plan but still had some nice features like camera,nice layout and touch screen. And I definitely found it in this phone!The touch screen is very nice! It doesn't require you to push down on it like other nonsmartphone touch screens. It can be a little touchy but over all it's very nice!I like the layout! I wish there were more options of what you could do with it but it doesn't matter very much to me:)The battery life is a little short(but not much) so if you use your phone ALOT you should keep that on mind.I love the keyboard! You can really feel how it works! The keys aren't flat so you can really feel when you press down! And theyr farly spaced apart so it's not to easy to press the wrong button(and it's good if you have big fingers)So over all if your looking for a phone with a good touch screen that doesn't require a data plan to use mainly for calling and texting this is a great phone for you! I would recommend getting it at verizon cause it's much cheaper!

Love the large screen and keyboard, perfect for my extra large hands. I liked mine so much I bought one for my spouse for their birthday. Neither of us wants to pay for data packages so this phone is perfect for us.

I really enjoyed this phone. It has a nice slide up, and the touch screen is very sensitive and I like that. The photo quality is OK but it is good enough for me!! I really like the different fonts you can choose and layouts. I suggest going to youtube and searching up a samsung brightside review before buying just so you can tell what kind of phone this is. The touch screen is a little TOO sensitive sometimes and accidently calls people. But I'm okay with that. Great phone!!!

I made a substantial error going to this on my last upgrade at Verizon. I think Verizon and Samsung went out of their way to be deceptive on this one (I think it's mostly off the shelves now) with a stupid proprietary software system that will not interface with anything else, as I found out trying to transfer stuff via MicroSD. Nothing works quickly on this phone, especially the apps and the picture and video functions must be someone's idea of a joke. If you can take a bunch of pictures of still life and nothing else, fine. Anything else, use this junk for a wheel chock and go get a real phone. Forget about customizing the menu, too, while you're at it. Like a few other Samsung devices, trying to get an appropriate volume level is going to be an adventure. I never could get it at a consistently acceptable level.The one thing this does very well is take drops. Thanks to the overall design, I've dropped this thing probably more than my previous 5 (and now replacement phone) combined. It does not, however, especially take being a car door stop especially well. That seems to break the screen internally, though the glass front is still intact...for whatever that's worth. Battery life is also ok.The bottom line here is that you should not spend any of your hard-earned life's patience on this junk.

My Verizon Samsung Brightside will not hold a charge and I've only had it for about two weeks.  I'd like it if it worked properly.

I'm pleased with the phone, but it seems that on occasion the person I'm talking to can't hear me.  It's happened two or three times since I've had the phone over the last 3 weeks.  I'm going to be very concerned if this problem continues or becomes more persistent.UPDATE in September.  This phone definitely has the problem on occasion where the person I am talking to can't hear me.  Not sure what causes the problem.  I confirmed that I'm not hitting the mute button, as it is not active when someone says they can't hear me.  But, if I hit the mute button so it says the mute is on, then hit it again to turn it off and start talking, the people can hear me.  So I've resorted to doing this once in a while.

I have one and I hate it. Keypad is iffy, may or may not work without blacking out. Incoming calls knock off existing call.I'll toss it in the trash when contract is over. I wouldn't pawn mine off on anyone.

Got this as a gift and it's much better than the phone it replaced. Thanks for the slight stip into the mellinium.

I could say a lot about this phone. The messaging, pictures and large keyboard/ screen probably the only good things about it. It is very unreliable and in the past year that I've had this phone, I have gone through two different ones! From the time I got it, it began to hold less and less of a charge. Until finally, the charging port was completely busted and wouldn't take a charge at all.  The second time, the screen started to become laggy when I switched it to the key board.  Eventually the screen would just stop working at all when I flipped it up.  The phone crashed multiple times, until one day when it just did not turn back on.  Do yourself a favor, stay away from this phone!!!

The phone was damage.just worked for week, the phone was damage by where you plug the charger.Was a long wait as well.... Never again.

After 1 week the phone is already broke. Not very happy. Keeps saying it is charging when it's not. Paid a lot of money

I was looking for a phone that had a qwerty slide out, but do not have need for a smart phone nor the expense of the data package.  The touch screen is a little tempermental - perhaps I'm just not used to it.  If I were to change anything it would be to close off the icons that I have not need for.

Wow, I am impressed.  I had the phone in record time, and it was in great condition, just as the seller had promised.  I have been using the phone for days now, and it is everything I hoped it would be.  The Samsung Brightside  is a great basic phone with many of the features of a smart phone.  Can't understand why it has been discoNtinued.I hope my phone lasts a long time.

The product description didn't say anything was wrong with the phone. The speaker doesn't work so it can only be used on vibrate. In addition, it doesn't fully charge. I don't think it is worth the amount I paid ( over $70). Lesson learned.

I could not get service anywhere with this phone.. I have contacted verizon and they tried everything but the issue is this phone. samsung brightsides usually don't have these issues so i am not speaking against the model, i love the model, it came in great condition, has nice features , the battery only lasts for 6 hrs but i was okay with buying extras, really wish this worked for me because i actually like the brightside.. i contacted the seller and was trying to work some things out, havent heard back from them, but i'm just going to return it.. will post another review on how the process of returning it goesUpdate: the seller responded and was completely understanding. offered me to return it for a full refundUpdate: the process of returning items was really smooth. the sellers responded to my emails and gave me a full refund, also paying for the shipping and handling for having to send it back

My previous phone was a LG Cosmos which worked great but I was ready for an upgrade and decided on the Samsung Brightside in sapphire blue after seeing the phone my sister in-law recently upgraded to, the Brightside phone.  (She was showing me some of her photos.) So took a trip to the local Verizon store to check it out and purchased there.  After now getting to know it, I am quite happy with my purchase.I have been trying out the 75mb per month data plan package ($10) and with the 3g in this phone mobile webbing is fast! So I am going to stay with it for the several sites I enjoy having easy access to.I love the touch screen and its responsiveness.  The qwerty keyboard works really well and now works also with Verizon Opera Mini's recent update. (Yes! :-))  (Or you can use the onscreen keyboard of course.) The icons on the start screen can be moved around and replaced so there is some customization there as well as in other areas of the phone.  The camera has a good amount of various options and 4 picture quality/size settings as well as a camcorder.  Overall the phone does more than I expected.For a phone case/cover I added the Deluxe Folio Wallet Leather Case:Deluxe Folio Wallet Leather Case Multifunctional - Pockets to Keep Your Cards Driving License Bills & Belongings Safe for Samsung Brightside U380 - Color - Black / PurpleI highly recommend this phone for anyone who does not want or need a smart phone and the large data plan but wants to move onto something a little more.

For a basic phone I definitely give it 5 stars. I love how responsive the touch screen is and the keyboard feels great. The phone is a perfect size. The only thing I wish I could do is adjust the brightness so my battery life lasts longer, other than that, it's a 10 for me!

FYI-I am looking to replace my Brightside until my phone upgrade becomes available. When I use the web it won't support downloads or viewing PDF files. Watching Youtube, it always locks up. The newest glitch..when replying to a text message it just powers down and the text is lost. I have done everything I can with Verizon and the manufacture to no avail. This is one phone I will relish chucking in Lake Huron once I find a replacement.

$50 for a &#34;smartphone&#34; that can't do maps or email.I bought a $40 Samsung bluetooth earpiece & they can't maintain a decent connection.  I'll go to make a call & notice they're not connected.  5 minutes later the earpiece tells me, &#34;Device disconnected.&#34;Plus I've only had the phone for a year & it takes a lot longer to charge, but drains more quickly.They're riding their brand name, thinking they can charge $50 for this burner.

The phone was advertised to be in good shape...I believe it was 7 out of 10 stars for its rating. If this phone is a 7, I would hate to see what anything lower would be. Half the keys on the keyboard are sunken down in making it difficult to text. When the slider is closed, the top of the phone has a gap where it appears to have been 'repaired' at some point. Within a week or two of use, the battery does not hold a charge. In fact, some times after the phone is plugged in for an hour, as soon as the charger is removed the phone shuts off. The latest...the ringer no longer works. Buyer beware of this seller....I know I will never do business with them again.

I like everything about the phone except the mic. I have to use both hands to use the phone, one to hold the phone to my ear and the other to cup around the end of the phone in order to direct my voice into the mic which is on the end of the phone. Very poor design.

I don't know why Verizon ever quit making this phone. I have had one for two years and it has been the easier phone to us, has good tone to the calls, easy to text and I have dropped mine numerous times and it keeps coming back. No problems.

Good basic phone without data pkg. But when you use the web aspect it is slow as dirt. Just pay for data pkg because if you want to check email or web search on this phone it will cost you big tine.

was looking for a phone to pair up with Chrysler Uconnect radio. This was on there list of compatable phones, this phone kept dropping out had to pair up and still could not get text messages as it should have.

Gave this model to my 12 year old daughter after she destroyed my old phone. She has had it for over 6 months now. It is cool enough to look good next to her friend's smart phones but doesn't carry the data plan requirements. That being said, she CAN surf the internet if necessary you will just pay for the data separately. Not that I recommend that plan, but at least she can in an emergency if necessary.With a full glass touch screen I bought a few cases & screen protectors with the order so it never left the house without either. Since it slides open the case is two pieces which tend to fail after a few months with normal use. There are reasonably priced packages with 3 cases & 5 screen protectors for less than $20.Overall she loves the phone, just wishes she could have a real smartphone like her friends.

no scatches.works well,just accidentally washed it.easy to use,good size.for what used for,good phone.personally dont like samsung in general.good well good

i bought this phone less than a year ago brand new from best buy. it was pretty good till about 5 monthes ago. i went throught 5 phones in about 5 monthes. Good thing i was still under the manufactors warranty. the 1st phone that broke on me just quit charging on me one day. figured i just wore it out. 2nd phone came and within a week it kept powering off and turning back on. called veriozn and they sent me a new phone. that one was fine for a couple days than the samed thing happened. same with the next one they sent. this last phone that they sent me lasted for a bout a month. this one refused to shut up, even when i took out the battery. everytime i would take it or shut it off, the phone would just turn its self back on. it aslo liked to charge by it self. called verizon and they sent me a new phone. this one lasted less than a month to. this one likes to shut up and restart itself like my other ones. it also likes to tell me my memory is full when its not. it will also delete my ENTIRE messeging inbox. this time they are sending me a new battery so hopefully it will last longer than a month!

I like the phone.  But it belongs to a daughter who really wanted a data phone.  I think she's a little disappointed.  I'm happy. Must work well. She spends enough time on it!  Kept me out of another 24 months contract.

Update 5/19/2014: This phone ticked me off for the last time, today I paid not one but two penalty fees to get rid of these phones early (since I originally paid 1 cent for them). It wasn't worth the hassle anymore. Getting away from this horrible phone and going with the Cosmos 3, had Verizon had those in stock when I originally ordered the Brightsides, I never would have gotten stuck with the Brightsides. I am lowering my rating to one star because the Brightside is simply the worst phone I've ever owned, and I've owned a lot of not so great phones.Update 5/17/2014: I have had a horrible time trying to find a headset that will work with this phone and last. I can't use bluetooth, so it has to be corded. I have been through five different brands of headsets, including Plantronics. I have paid anywhere from $5 to $50 for headsets and gave up trying to find one that would work. After countless weeks of returning defective headsets that keep breaking, headsets that won't work, or headsets that aren't compatible, I gave up.I was an Env and Env3 user for many years. I used up every Env3 I could get my hands on until it just wouldn't work reliably anymore. Then the moment of truth came, I would have to upgrade and get a new phone. When I looked over my options, they were very, very few on the Verizon Wireless Website for a feature phone that had a full sized QWERTY keypad, that did not require a data plan. As a texting fanatic and someone who spends hours a day on my phone making actual phone calls, I decided to give the Samsung Brightside a try over the Pantech Jest 2. Now, I'm not so sure I made the right choice.I was able to score the Samsung Brightside phones, not one, but two of them, through a Walmart and Verizon Wireless deal for 1 cent, with $30 per phone in activation costs. Since I would have paid $30 to activate any phone, I basically scored the Samsung Brightsides for 1 cent each, and even that is still too much to spend on them. First and foremost they are touch screen phones, and annoying touch screen phones at that. While you can arrange the icons to fit your liking, the only way to really lock the phone down securely is with a password, and that's not practical all of the time. Locking the phone with the side button is easy to undo by simply touching the screen, so it's not much help.The camera quality is fair for a cell phone. Since I am comparing it to the Env3, the picture quality is better, but it does not have as many features as the camera on the Env3 did. First of all, there is no flash, and it's difficult to get used to the dragging your finger across while accessing your photos once stored in your phone. The memory included in the phone is small. I don't save much in my phone, delete my texts daily, and was constantly getting memory full messages, and added a card to the phone to store more stuff. I haven't seen messages since. The number of ringtones that it comes with seems like a huge selection but there was no super loud continuous beep/ring like I had with my EnV3, and boy do I miss it. I have it on a semi-annoying ring, just so I will recognize it as a ring and not ignore it as a radio blaring a bad song.The Opera Mini browser that comes with it is irritating at best when you don't use the phone to access the Internet. There is no way to uninstall it. I checked all of the settings, I even asked at a Verizon store, not only can it not be installed, but it's very easy to accidentally activate it, which can result in data  charges if you are not careful. My solution? I called Verizon Wireless and had them disable all data on the phone, so now it pops up and I can hit the off button without a fear of being charged, and without too much concern.I like the screen on the phone in terms of the size. Maneuvering the text messaging inbox and replying takes extra steps then it did on the Env3, and everything about this phone seems like a step backwards rather then a step forwards in time. You can't use a photo as your wallpaper, but I have gotten used to the peaceful beach screensaver that takes over the screen. Charging it can be challenging as sometimes it tells you it's charging, but most of the time it doesn't. The screen does not stay on while charging and you have to press a button to check the status, and usually then it will say that it's done, unplug to conserve power. When you forget to unplug it after it's done charging, it continues to put a drain on the outlet rather than work off the newly charged battery.Battery life is also worse then the battery life was on my Env3. I spend most of the day on the phone and sending text messages. I rarely take photos, and I rarely do anything else with my phone, an occasional calculator use here and there, but nothing major. The battery when fully charged will last about 6 hours, but only about 3 1/2 hours with continuous talk time. I have purchased two spare batteries (one for each phone), keep them charged at all times, so that I am never without a phone.The most annoying part about the Samsung Brightside is that when you are on a call, you almost have to use a headset, otherwise if you so much as lean on the phone wrong, you will disconnect the call. I have tried multiple different headsets and have not had any compatibility issues with the Samsung Brightside yet. It has a 3.5mm jack, so it fits most headsets. Without a headset, I literally cannot use this phone unless I use it on speakerphone, due to the fact that the call end button is on the touch screen and is not a physical button. Really dumb design in my opinion. Too much reliance on the touch screen rather then actual buttons also makes this one impossible to put in the bottom of a purse or backpack because it always turns on, unlocks itself, etc.Overall, I hate the Brightside, it gets two stars for being affordable, made by Samsung, working with Verizon, and being blue in color. That's about all that I can rate good on this phone.

The phone was everything the seller said it would be. What I liked the most is you dont have to use a data plan with verizon. You just switch it over from your old phone.

Great phone if your looking for a basic phone that doesn't look like a brick! It has decent battery life as long as you dont use internet internet. Very happy.

the phone will not accept a charge, I am forced to use the old phone to charge and swap batteries back an forth

The battery life in this phone just does not last at all.  Sometimes not even for a few hours.  There is a general defect in the manufacturing of this product that Samsung does not seem to want to address.  This is the second phone that I have bought of this model and both have the same problems.  It really is too bad because if it worked as advertised it would be a great phone.  This is a really good phone, it just does not work.

This phone was listed as new. When I received it, there were missed calls, texts, pictures, and numbers in the phonebook. This phone is clearly NOT NEW. If you are looking for a new phone be aware of this seller. Other than that, this phone is a great phone for anyone looking for one without smartphone fees and features. The closest looking phone you can get to looking like a smartphone. I purchased this phone because my other one was the exact same phone, but took water damage and was unable to recover it in rice.

There is nothing right about this phone.  It's for people who want a &#34;basic phone&#34; and aren't ordering a smart phone.  But it can't resist trying to look like it's able to do lots more - surf the internet, text, keep a calendar, and so on, and it's terrible at all those things.  (Plus transferring photos to your computer is too contrived.)  Worse yet, it's terrible at the basics.  There's no way to set it so that it will reliably allow you to answer calls.  If it's in your pocket or anywhere but sitting quietly on your desk (who ever does that with a cell phone?), when you pick it up to answer the ring, the call gets dropped because the button that answers (which idiotically is called the &#34;send key&#34;) is too sensitive.Don't buy this phone.  Bite the bullet and buy a smartphone - or a blackberry (heard of them?).  Or search for a true basic phone - maybe a flip phone even though they're so yesterday.

I bought this as an interim phone trying to move her from a basic flip phone and to a smart phone (in the near future).  This phone was actually cheaper than the Verizon store price and without a 2 year contract.  The phone was in excellent condition when I received it.  She likes the phone and enjoys using it.

I am working my mother up to a smart phone. This was the next one in line--lol. She loves the phone! It was in good condition. There was a brief issue but seller resolved the it immediately. (Very impressed)

Took me forever to find this older Verizon phone, but I once had one and Loved it, and when a friend described what he was looking for I was on the hunt.  I looked everywhere, but the best deal (and safest) is always Amazon for me.  Bought him some cases, some screen protectors... and he's texting me from it now.  This phone is great for guys because the keys are fairly big and there is a space between each one (fatter fingers!).  Samsung traditionally is one of my favorite phone manufacturers.  I've never had one fail.  The ONLY drawback with the Brightside is you have two choices in the color scheme you see here, the orange one shown and a green one.  But as far as quick-messaging phones go, they don't get much better.

I am very happy with my purchase! Love the phone so far! I was skeptical about buying because people kept saying it had all of these problems, however I don't see any issues with the phone at all.

The charger did not work with the phone so I have to charge the battery on another phone and switch batteries GRRRRRRRRRRR and it took so long to get this junk and had to pay 100.00.........REALLY

great phone. the battery lasts a long time. the screen works well.  they only thing I don't like is that you can not personalize the screen with a pix.

This review is long overdue. I ordered this phone for my son who &#34;apparently lost his phone&#34;. Low and behold once the phone was in route my son finds his phone. Contacted the seller and without hesitation found a solution for me quickly and painlessly. Returned my calls and emails faster then my own mother.You gained a loyal customer in me. Thank you.

I was trying to give this phone a shot but after numberous hang ups when I tried to answer my phone i new I wasnt going to like it. I was always butt dialing people.The volumne wold ALWAYS turn itself off. After 6months of owning this phone it broke.the charging piece somehow got damaged and now samsung will not replace it because that part is not under warrenty.this phone is a piece of crap.will never reccomend it to anyone.

Got this as a Christmas present for my wife who is a phone simpleton. She loves it and it's ease of use.

daughter wanted to up grade her phone saw this phone in best buy and I went home and ordered it on amazon. She loves the bigger screen. She would LOVE and Iphone but i tell her Mommy dont have an iphone you no have no Iphone..

I completely regret buying this phone. It is the worst phone ever! The problems started when it would just randomly shut itself off. Then a little while later something with the slider changed and I had to open the slider very carefully or that would cause it to shut off. Next was the annoying pause required to send a text without it creating a multi-person text field. Then the battery stopped registering its charge correctly so it always looks like it is dead. It randomly dials people when it's in my purse. If I touch it when its ringing, just touch it, it sometimes answers even if I don't want to answer. It randomly turns on the Verizon app. Not sure if this is an issue with the phone or phone service, but I can get texts hours after they were initially sent. Basically nothing actually works the way it's supposed to. Everything is completely random. It is absolutely the worst phone ever. I'd never do it again.

Very good phone, the keyboard feels firm, the battery lasts foreverthe camera is of poor quality.buen telefono para llamadas y texto.

I would give this negative stars if I could. I bought thus phone as a replacement for a lost one of the same make/model. It was described as used but under the impression it worked great. The phone was filthy and hardly works. When its slides open the screen is distorted and worthless. The overall display changes colors and this is not considered good condition in my book. Seller should've more accurately described the product.

We like the texting part of it, but during a phone call, the other party CAN NOT HEAR US!!  Is there something we are missing on an adjustment to correct the problem?HELP US!!Thanks.  Gary Cox

This is a basic phone but delivers big. I've read other reviews on this phone but I have not experienced any big problems with this phone. I wanted a nice up to date phone without a contract that I could text on. I do talk on this phone from time to time also and you can hear quite well what is being said.

The most expensive deal on Amazon for this phone made me think I was getting the best, newest, most perfect phone... I was told it was NEW.... but I've never seen a new phone come without a battery.... %150 for some non functioning plastic!  Can I get a free battery!?  That may possibly include some money back?

I think this is one of the best basic phones you can get.  It has a good sized touch screen and qwerty keyboard.  It does not require a data plan either, which makes it a very economical and safe phone for my daughter.

The phone was in decent condition, with only a small scratch on the screen, as described.We just changed phones last night, and while my daughter was trying to call me, she could hear me, but I can't hear her.What good is a phone that you can't talk on?  Yeah, not much good.  I didn't think I was buying a used "text-only" devise.  That would have been an accurate and truthful description of the phone, and I would have stayed away, and saved my money.

Unable to activate phone because it was still under previous owner's plan and could not get a hold of seller through emails. Waste of my time.

The music player is actually pretty sweet, delivers great sound. A bit confusing and the menu's disorienting. But it functions well.

PHONE HAS GREAT FEATURES AND IS EASY TO USE . FOR SOMEONE THAT DOES NOT NEED OR WANT A SMARTPHONE . THIS PHONE IS A GREAT PHONE TO HAVE .

It does everything I wanted it to do. My son loves it!  Woudl purchase it again and again.  Buy it.

I like the phone but it doesn't work with my Bluetooth in my car. Gave it to my grandson.The delivery was on time actually no complaints about delivery or phone.Thanks, no ones fault but mine, should have checked it out better.Trying to stay on an old plan did not work very well. Got an I phone yesterday and newplan at verizon

Like the layout, but for some reason whenever I close the case it wants to go to the wireless connection, which I do not have a plan for.

I've had mine for a year now and recently the lock button has stopped working. Then, randomly,it will start turning on and off as if you were pushing the lock button over and over again. Second, sometimes it refuses to receive text messages until the person texts you again and then you get both at the same time. Or, you'll call someone and somehow it doesn't go through and you go straight to their voicemail (happened multiple times, the person I called did not have their phone off or anything, it didn't even show that I had called them.) Some good things though are that you don't have to protect it in the rain or anything like some phones; it doesn't get water damaged easy, and you don't really have to worry about dropping it. Meaning, the screen won't break if you drop it. The back and battery will come out but you just put those back in, turn it back on and you're all set. The keyboard is great; like, it hasn't broken yet. If you're looking for a substitute for a smartphone though, this is not the phone.

I love the phone. For people who don't want an expensive data plan but need to upgrade their stone age flip phone, the brightside is a great in-between. It's a good size, fits nice in my hand and pocket, and so far I haven't had any problems with it. the camera is pretty good for a phone, best one I've had so far. The key-board slides out nice, it doesn't stick or anything. The only complaint I have is the menu screen. Most phones have a home screen where you choose a background and everything, but this phone doesn't have that. The orange screen shown in the picture is your home screen, you can choose between orange or green and choose what shortcuts are on the home menu, but that's the limit of your home screen options.

Doesn't quite meet the standards we hoped for. Its mot working well for what we needed it for. Online info and websites are hard to read, due to layout. Not impressed.

I like the phoe because it is small and convenient yet it is a touch screen. I like the phones ease of use.

I Purchased this phone over a year a go and when I first bought it I loved every part of it. Touch screen key board with no data plan. I am a texter and thats all I use my phone for and the occasional call. 4 months into owning the phone random apps would apper and I was annoyd but didnt care. then when that vzw app came on when it no one was touching the phone got really irritating. Now it calls people by itself and turns itself off randomly. The texting crashes when people text but I saw thats all samsung phones. Also the battery life started as ok now im lucky to get 2 hrs out of it before it goes to 50% battery. I take great care of my phones because I spend so much money on them so this was not user error by any stretch. I just bought an LG Extravert because the phone erased all of my contact info and leaving the numbers. thank goodness for back up support... Simply put what started with Great hope this has been hands down the worstphone I have ever owned. BUYER BEWARE!!!!

My Verizon contract runs out this month and i'm not only kicking them to the curb i'm going to put this phone in a clay pigeon thrower and shoot it. The issues are legion. Short battery life, ultra sensitive touch screen that will randomly open things i'm not trying to open and then, conversely, is so dead i have to about hit it with a hammer to send a text. Crappy camera (but i knew that going in to be honest), unreliable, and now recently it's possessed. I had it in a carrying case at my side yesterday and it butt dialed a friend five times. I finally got it turned completely off and put it back in the case. It turned back ON and butt dialed the same person again. I can't WAIT to get rid of this POS.

Alright, I have had my Brightside for about seven months now, and I can say that I absolutely hate it.  True it is a touch screen, slide-out texting phone with 3G capabilities, but the phone is awful.  I get texts that people send me anywhere from an hour to a day late.  I pocket dial and text people often, and even while wearing loose shorts with cargo pockets.  The phone constantly sends me advertisements about getting 3G or some new GPS app.  And these advertisements may not seem that bad, but if your phone volume is on, the advertisements go off at random times, and they are loud.  Also they lock the phone on, so even if it is in sleep mode, the advertisements will wake it up, and not let it go back to sleep, draining the phone's battery.  Also, My Verizon, if you have Verizon, cannot be taken off the main home screen, so, you get even more advertisements from that as well.  Also, sometimes the phone will try to send me through a process to buy 3G, and while in my pocket, I managed to buy 3G for my phone.  Bottom line: Don't get this phone.

I got this phone and its horrible I though i would like it with the touch screen I hate it i haven't had less then a year and what i have no is a replacement phone it doesn't hold charge and the screen will go out on you DONT BUY THIS PHONE its one of the worst I have gotten

in the six months I've had this phone it's broken twice! this is definitely not a durable phone. I would not recommend it to anyone. both times I've had my phone replaced the charging port at the bottom of the phone has broken. the phone looks cool but it definitely doesn't work well.
