
1. Has anyone figured out how to input more than 1 number (say, 1 cell + 1 home) for each contact?2. Its bluetooth pairs up with my Ford Fusion SYNC. However, it doesn't allow SYNC to have access to its phonebook. Any clue?Thanks.

Chose this phone for it's low price and simplicity - just needed basic communications with other members of our group.  Small form-factor for pocket or in bag.  Easy enough to use - configured contacts for each of our group. Never did figure out how to set correct date and time, though!Purchased SIM card at Orange store in Barcelona and was up and running.  Very convenient for a &#34;local number&#34; when making reservations or the like...

Because my cellphone carrier didn't offer coverage outside of the U.S.A., I was forced to purchase an additional cellphone to take along with me on my trip to Nigeria. Blu is quite basic however it worked perfectly upon inserting a sim card and after loading airtime... I've owned this cellphone approximately 5 months and use it occasionally as a backup... Excellet product!

If you have a GSM SIM card (e.g., AT&T), just need a device that makes and receives calls and texts and want to spend less than $30, you would be hard-pressed to find a better product than the unlocked BLU T172i. The Bluetooth works flawlessly with my car for hands-free operation. Displays an obvious icon when I have voice mail. Battery life is great (3-4 days without a charge). The screen and keys are quite legible. Takes a little tinkering to figure out the menus, but overall a breeze to set up and operate. I love the one-button operation to switch between normal and silent modes. I've already dropped it a few times and it seems pretty durable. Very light and compact and easily fits in a shirt or pants pocket. Not a smart phone, but handles the basics really well at minimal cost. Hard to leave behind in electric yellow.

you get what you pay, good to have as back up phone. my wife's phone was broke, so needed something real quick...did the job.

Bought it solely for the purpose of international travel, and not wanting to carry around a "high end" phone around.The good: Dual sim card slots.The meh: No way to lock the keyboard (per the mini-manual and non-existent online manual). All plastic construction. Very, very limited menu.The results: It worked for the handful of calls I had to make while traveling, and it will likely sit in the bottom of a drawer, shoebox until the next time I go international.I could totally see this phone being used by the characters of "The Wire".

For the price, a very good deal.  It works well in Germany with a SIM that I purchased in the airport and I'm getting 1 week+ battery life on it with occasional use.

I wanted a cheap phone that I would not care too much if it was lost or stolen, and I needed quad band GSM for travel. The dual SIM makes it much easier to use when plastic roaming. I also like the FM radio: It is nice to tune in local stations when stuck at the airport, and of course it is free to listen to, no data plan usage.

It's a plain simple phone. Great for those of us who do not need an expensive smart phone. Cheaper than buying a phone through AT&T. No contract needed. Gets a decent signal. Calls are clear.

double SIMs is good

Needed a phone for successive trips to Costa Rica and Italy. It's a 4 band phone. Takes 2 sim cards...I only needed one. The screen is easy. The buttons are large and easy to use. Texting is a pain, but always will me on non smart phones like this. BUT, we did plenty of texting just like in the old days. The camera is just OK...you won't want to keep the pics. The are too low res. The FM radio is a nice feature...there is NO headphone jack.  I gave it 5 stars because it's well made, inexpensive and easy to get up and running.

Purchased for trip to West Africa.  Worked fine.  Will also use as spare GSM phone while home.  Great value.  Used a local SIM card in W. Africa and an intl. sim in the other slot.

Love this phone for international travel or even a call from U.S. to foreign country. Luckily an Amazon review had a lot of information about the phone as well as shortcut key strokes, which I copied and saved into notes on my smart phone; so I can look up whatever I need for this Jenny. Mine came with a U.S.and a British sim card. One of my all time best purchases.

We got this phone for my parents to use. It's cute, small and easy to use. i love it!! My parents, too..

This phone is great value for money. I've read the other reviews bemoaning the lack of a good manual, and I agree that the manual could be better, but it's a very easy phone to figure out. Popping off the back cover and inserting a SIM card and a micro SD card couldn't be easier. (The SIM slides into place; the microSD card requires you to slide a cover back, pull it up on its hinge, insert the SD card, push the cover down and slide it back into its locked position. It doesn't take much effort.)Mine came already set to English, but it's easy to change languages. The phone does what it's supposed to do--make phone calls--and it does it well. For use as a second or emergency phone in the US (using a T-Mobile or other GSM carrier SIM) or for use when traveling internationally, it can't be beat.

Basic phone that does what it suppose to and runs forever on a charge.  Info not in manual but note this : uses BL-5C batteries.I liked it so much i bought another one in yellow  !!

out of the box first impression, nice small size, somewhat cheap feel to it.Sim(s) easy to insert - memory card ( we will rant about that later) much more difficultHas a radio and Mp3 player - why? there is no headset connectorCamera is ok - dont take any wedding pics with itSO WHATS THE POINT OF THE MEMORY CARD?Its a perfect cheap travel phone for europe and usa if you want to either buy a worldwide sim card or if you want to insert  two country specific pay as you go sim cardsfor thirty bucks - its ok you get what you pay for

I bought this phone for my daughter just for emergencies when I forget to pick her up from school.  This phone is light as a feather, is so fast that it beats my Samsung galaxy in startup and anything else (mostly because it is not a smart phone).  It's FM radio is awesome (my Samsung doesn't have one)!  It is easy to use and program quick dials.  I love it more than my daughter!  For its price, it is just way cool in everything it offers.  Won't hesitate to buy.

I wanted an inexpensive unlocked dual sim phone for international travel.Ostensibly that is what this phone is, but the BLU 172i phone has numerous problems.The most fundamental for me is that my ATT GoPhone sim works for a while, then the next time I turn on this phone I get &#34;emergency only&#34; use instead of recognition that the SIM is associated with a current ATT prepaid account. This may be an issue with ATT prepaid sims and some phones, although the ATT prepaid website says customers can move their sim. I did read, on the ATT forum, of another ATT customer having this problem with a new ATT-branded Z431, but it does not seem to happen to most phone changers or there would be a lot more complaints. At a minimum ATT prepaid users need to be aware of this issue.Second biggest problem is the retainer/socket for the microSD card is very poorly made, and mine will not hold a microSD card in place (it locks into place just fine without a microSD card.) Too bad it was not made like the sim sockets.Third, not only is the BLU 172i (which has a camera) unable to send or receive pictures (it lacks mms support) it also can not reply to text messages sent as email (to phonenumber@txt.att.net) although the text of the message comes through fine. The sender's email address shows as a string of digits. Replying to the message gets error messages (and my sim stops working).An online manual would also be very welcome. Hopefully it would do a better job of indicating the limits of this phone.I do hope that BLU fixes these issues in some future model, since this phone is almost good enough to meet my needs.As it is now I do not recommend this phone for anyone.

Colour is nice but I bought it for an elderly man since it was supposed to be simple to use. He cannot learn to use it & finds the "more complicated" cells easier to use. Dial numbers are large enough to see & use, colour is nice & easy to locate for an elderly thus the 2 stars.

We used the BLU T172i Jenny Unlocked Phone - US Warranty - Black/Red on our trip to Costa Rica and slipped in a local SIM----we were off to our vacation! Worked like a charm!

excellent phone, super long battery, last more than two weeks on one charge. The phone is very light, I recommend to everyone who just want a simple phone.

We took this to France in September and it worked really well.  We bought an Orange sim card when we got to Paris for communicating with the places in other cities we were going to in France.  With help from the Orange store salesperson, we were able to get an unlimited with-in France plan (with texting, too) for 10euros for the 2 weeks we were there.  After the first day, we decided to get another phone and add the same plan so that we could separate (he isn't that fond of shoe shopping and would rather sit at cafe and enjoy a beer) and still stay in touch to determine where and when to meet back up.  The Orange phone we bought in Paris was a fair price but way more than this twenty-three dollar phone and I wish I would've been smart enough to have bought 2 off of Amazon.Note: we didn't find it difficult to change the language to English and once we did, it was pretty simple to operate.

I'm living U.S. from Japan.This product can't change wallpaper its self and ringing sound ether.Incoming call volume is very small even maxim set,And can not use in Japan because of different MHz.It's OK if use in Europe(SIM) but don't buy Japanese people.

The phone is worth the money, but their instruction manual for phone set up sucks. Needs a better instruction manual and the website is not much help either!

I got white as it was the only color available. The set up is not very intuitive. The non-calling features are also a bit user unfriendly. But its a great phone for making calls. The battery life is excellent - at least a week without recharge and normal use.

An inexpensive cell phone, simple to use, very small and light, just what I expected and wanted. Great battery life. Texting is a little difficult with extra buttons to push in order to send a text, otherwise a cell phone without the extras,

Sound quality is cheap - I get the same connection defects every time I call it.  Otherwise it is pretty solid.

It didnt work that great over seas, always got a bad signal and it was hard to hear from, wouldnt but again.

Anytime I travel internationally I take this phone and rent a sim card. It's great because no one will look twice, especially if you are in a low income area. It's also cheap enough if it gets lost or damaged its not a big deal. It's saved me a number of times.

I bought two of these phones for a trip to Europe. Very basic phones but very handy. Sufficient for travel. I love the bright yellow color. I love the fact that it can handle two SIM cards. Phones arrive almost fully charged so they are ready to go. I rated one star less because of the instruction manual. Better to throw that away and figure things out yourself. Manual is poorly written and utterly useless. Otherwise, this phone is a great purchase.

This is the second time I've bought this phone -0- thinking the first one was defective. Despite having been recommended by a friend, the phone was impossible to use. There were no useable instructions and even after spending a hour with a helpful tech in a local Best Buy who wrote out instructions, I could not make it work. While in Europe, everytime I dialed a contact number, my phone rang and there was no connection. None of the people on my trip could figure it out. Nor could I access the email. In mind, even at this low price, the product is useless and should be removed from the market5.

Needed a phone on our trip to France. Got a SIM card, started it up, and it worked flawlessly for our trip. My wife liked the radio & alarm clock functions.

I needed to add a line so my kid could keep in touch from school and various activities.  Wasn't planning on spending $$$ on smartphones.  Kids lose them; they get stolen; etc.  Enter the BLU T172i...  Great little phone.  Tons of features for a remarkable price.  For $30 bucks, there's no fear of losing or damaging the phone.  It's pretty sturdy.  Sound quality is impressive.  Reception is pretty good too.  I was making calls in some areas of the woods that my iPhone didn't even get a signal in.  But anyway, it'll be used in the city and we've got great reception all over.Overall, I'm pretty impressed with this product.  Its nice to see you don't have to spend upwards of $100+ to get a decent cell phone to serve basic voice and text messaging purposes.

I bought this phone for international travel. I used it and my friend used it after I was gone. We had both our sims in one device. The phone works great, has awesome battery life. My biggest gripe is that it only stores about 99 text messages. Since I was texting people, it quickly filled up and then we were to delete text messages. In this day an age, a large text messaging memory would help.

I would also since it's unlocked dual sim card, the best option for service with the blu products would be with Solavei/T-mobile phone service. I will be ordering mine in the next few weeks most likely so, I as well will connect it with Solavei. Plus, I hear that if you share with 3 people you get i think like $20 for every 3 people and if you refer 9 people you made enough to cover your bill and your phone bill is free. So, yes I will be connecting my Blu phone when i order it with that company. Great website to amgstaff love it thanks you for telling us about that man because everybody who gets any unlocked phone needs a great service provider no contract... for $49 unlimited talk text data 4g and nationwide with tmobile signal man that's what I need! But, get this phone people great stock android phone! it's not a samsung galaxy so don't go crazy comparison but rather know it's a stock android OS system that's really all you need! [...] distributes Solavei phone service so go check them out.

It's an OK phone, sort of.  I liked the feel of it and love the large keys, which made it easy to dial with one hand. And it came with a charger and a detachable USB cord = something hardly any other manufacturers provide. However there were too many negatives for me to keep it. The worst was the terrible voice quality. It sounded like a childrens 'tin-can phone' - tinny and squeeky ear-piercing sound quality. Also the display had very tiny indicators for signal and it was difficult to make out whether there was enough signal. And the display showed only the local network provider name so I couldn't tell whether I was on the right SIM card (my other phones show both the SIM card provider and the local one - ie like ATT and Vodafone.GR  when I'm in the US). And, as others have said, the instructions were pretty useless. I think I'll stick to single SIM card phones  and just swap SIM's when I change countries.  And as for the FM radio - Yikes! Real squeeky sound.  It could be a nice phone if they corrected these problems.

This is a very basic, inexpensive phone, which was what I was looking for.  I wanted a phone that I could use while vacationing in France that would simply require insertion of a local SIM card to work.  It worked as I had expected it to.  However, you do have to explore the various features in order to figure out how each one works (it does not have an intuitive menu).  I never did figure out how to enter names and phone numbers into the contact list.  I gave up after a few attempts because there weren't that many numbers I needed to dial while in Paris.One potentially useful feature of this phone is that it's dual-SIM which means that you could insert two SIM cards, have two separate numbers and use each one for a different purpose, e.g., you could provide one number to family and one to local contacts or use one for business and one for personal.  When one number rings, you would know right away who might be calling.Helpful hint:  If you're in France, the least expensive charge per call is with a Lebara SIM.  It's sold through some &#34;Tabacs&#34; and bookstores.  You can buy one for as little as 10 euros ($13.50).  Activation will be 5 euros but the remaining 5 euros will last for a hile because each call is only 15 cents.  I never did use up my 5 euros worth of talk time.  They expire in 90 days unless I &#34;top it off&#34; (recharge the card).  But that isn't even necessary because I can simply buy another Lebara SIM card when I return to Paris this fall.

Setup was easy. Just pop in the sim card and your ready to go .Keep in mind that the case is all plastic and feels flimsy .What would you expect for a phone that costs under $30? Other than that the phone works great. I highly recommend this phone to anyone on a budget.

Haven't used this phone to much, but so far it seems to work okay. Only problem I've found so far is that I have try turning up the ear piece for hearing.

I bought before my trip to Europe and (unrelated to the phone) had a lot of trouble getting a SIM card topped up, but other than that, I was able to text and talk as needed which made my travels way more convenient.

Bought this for my dad. His old Nokia broke and he wanted something simple. I looked at some Nokias and Samsungs but this seems to have everything he wanted at a great price. He loves the thing. There is no key lock but he has never had a problem with that.

We bought this phone to use while we are sailing in the bahamas and it works great. We went to the BaTelCo office and bought a sim card and minutes and had them set up an online account so we could top-up via internet. The phone works great, stays charged quite a while, has a radio you can use without ear buds, and a light or &#34;torch&#34; which is great when we get back late.There are two reasons I did not give it five stars, the manual print is so small it is difficult for me to read, and I can't find the volume adjustment. I can hear calls ok but I would like to turn up the volume. I'm sure there is a volume adjustment but I don't have a magnifying glass with me to read the manual. Not a big deal.This is a quad band phone and I would recommend it as a cheap means of communication. We are very happy with the phone!

The workings are just not intuitive and it takes quite a while to figure out how to use.  Memory card is inside next to SIM. Number size is not real large. The middle button looks like a push button without any arrows but actually is multi-directional (down, up, left, right, and center).

I bought this phone as an emergency phone/phone to contact the apartments/hotels that we were staying in while travelling through Europe and it did not disappoint. First of all, know that you are not getting a smartphone and you'll be fine. Calling others was simple. Texting was a little more challenging, but nothing to deduct a star over. We bought a prepaid Vodaphone sim card in Czech Republic and were able to use the phone with no problem in Czech Republic, Germany, Austria, and Italy. Also, the battery life was great. The phone came with a charger that we plugged into our adapters and that worked very well. I highly recommend this product.

I had low expectations for this phone given its price.  I bought two because it was unlocked, quad-band and dual SIM to allow communication between members of my party for a trip to Europe.  When we popped in our European SIM it simply worked and worked well.  There is nothing fancy about it but if you need an easy and inexpensive way to be able to use a phone abroad without having to mess with unlocking and worrying about connectivity this one fills the bill.

Excelente tel&eacute;fono celular para realizar llamadas y mensajes de texto. Muy sencillo, ligero y f&aacute;cil de usar. La bater&iacute;a parece nunca agotarse.  Pr&aacute;ctico para usar dos l&iacute;neas sin riesgos de robo o extrav&iacute;o.Excellent cell phone to make calls and text messages. Very simple, light and easy to use. The battery seems to never run out.  Convenient to use two lines without risk of theft or loss.

Got this to use while in France. It is small and light and convenient to carry in a shirt pocket. The overall quality of the phone seems fine. You can get a Lycamobile SIM card for free in many tabacs (though one tabac tried to charge me 5 euros). I went online and set up an account with 5 euros of credit, and all works perfectly. Texting on the BLU Jenny is not great as it is an old-school numeric keyboard. As others have said, the manual has almost no information, so you have to go into the phone menu and use trial and error. But it is all fairly intuitive. I do not know whether you can change the ring tone and have not tried, nor have I used the voice mail (Lycamobile has a free voice mail service). The phone has an FM radio and mp3 player, but no earphone jack, so those are not so useful. (It does have a useful and simple alarm clock feature - with a snooze function - that works great.) For a very inexpensive phone, I find this very impressive so far. It seems to hold a battery charge very well...many days on standby. Lycamobile is a cheap pay-as-you go plan that is 0.10/minute euro to landlines or 0.15/min to mobiles within France. If you travel to France with a group, getting a few of these BLU Jenny phones plus Lycamobile SIM cards would be an extremely inexpensive way to have a few mobiles to communicate within the group. If you somehow lost the phone, you'd be out a grand total of $30 plus 5 euros. The dual SIM capability is also a big plus if you travel to more than one country.

It is a simple phone that meets or exceeds all of my requirements for it .I only said that I didn't &#34; love &#34; because it is not that type of purchase . It actually has many features that I will most likely not use .

Just pop sim in and go. Basic phone - good buy for the money!like that it comes in many colors

There does not appear to be any way to set up a permanent Bluetooth pairing with this phone. Every time I got into my car, this phone asked me if I wanted to accept the pairing. This makes the phone useless in a car.Additionally, even when I had it on complete silent mode and keypad locked, if something pressed against the keys in my pocket, the phone would beep and inform me how to unlock the keypad.

awesome &#34;tama gid kanami kag mapuslan&#34; 121% wonderful gadget.One of the best small phone I ever have. Thanks BLU!

I got this for my dad so he can have a simple phone.  There were no instructions included or on the company's website on how to remove the back cover and insert the sim card and battery.  I finally found a video from some user on the web that described it and got that done.  The next challenge was inserting names in the address books - not easy to maneuver.  I gave up because of the complexity of getting it to work - let alone having to explain how to use this to my dad.

The phones arrived on time and I would buy from BREED again, very professional.The FM Radio reception is fantastic. Taking two sim cards is an advantage for people who travel abroad. I took away two stars due to its tiny size, speaker and absence of earphone jack.

Used it during our vacation; bought cheap SIM cards in each country. Some carriers have roaming service in other countries (on the same network, like Vodafone or Orange) and we can use the leftover SIM credit to make a couple of urgent calls or SMS. Worked in Switzerland, Romania, Turkey and Germany (and of course in the US).Also, cheap enough to give the kids with them in school; extra functions like radio, music player or camera not great but also good enough for (some) kids.

Just when I threw out my old Samsung back up phones, I really need one. My kid lost his Samsung GS2 and I punished him by getting him one of the these.Pros:-It's light-Fairly inexpensive-Great color selection to chose from, I got white-Built in FM radio-Speaker phone-Dual SIM-Built in flash light-I thought it was easy to use-You can upload music to it (MP3 format on MicroSD card)-Has bluetooth-Has camera-Long battery lifeCons:-My kid thought it was hard to use. He's never used a regular phone before, only smart phones.-No headphone jack, you must listen to music on the phone's speaker-Camera is horrible, why even put it on here-Mini USB charger, why not micro USB?-No instructions, but it's pretty easy to figure out if you've ever owned an old school cell phone. The lock feature took a while to figure out.Overall, it's a decent phone. 4 stars if it used microUSB like every other phone out there. I think for an extra $20, you might find something better.My kid doesn't need a smart phone. When he's old enough and has a job, he can get one himself. For right now, I just need him to be able to contact me when he's out of baseball practice so I can get my lazy ass off the couch to go pick him up.

Perfect, just what I needed, unlocked and not connected to any service provider. It arrived on Island, I inserted the chip from my local service provider, worked first time. Great Value for money, and the colour is great, can always see where I put it.

It is very small and convenient. I do not need to charge it every day. It is the best phone.

I got this phone for my mom. She is older and needed a phone with larger number buttons and that was easy to use. I read the reviews on this phone and while it isn't really too big, the screen is amazingly easy to read and the buttons are easy to use. She LOVES this phone. For my mom to say she loves a cell phone is a big compliment, because she hates them.

I bought this phone because it was the best choice for traveling abroad (using a SIM card for the country I was visiting) and staying in touch with family here in the US. I only had to use it once but it worked great. Small and easy to carry in your pocket.I had a difficult time finding my way around on to the different options on the phone but that is because it's so old school and I'm used to a iPhone. If I could just remember how to work the phones 10 years ago it probably would have been a breeze.If using for international travel and just making calls I have to say it's a WINNER!

This phone is great'ish, but you can only use a custom MP3 ringtone for calling; not for SMS which was a deal breaker for me.I have a super-mario-1UP sound effect for SMS, and I almost only do SMS on my phone. I still keep the phone around as a backup if my other cheap phone breaks, and my 3yr old daughter likes playing with it. Has a very bright torch-light mode so daughter runs around the house with it.

Cheap phone and kind of goodBut it just has one kind of ring tone and I can't set up voice mail for it

I didn't. I'm getting ready to return it. It shorted out. I purchased it for my father and unfortunately, I got what I paid for. He used it for less than 30 days. Please provide information on return shipping.  Thank you.

does what it says.  it can take pics but can't send/recive multimedia messages.  Sends and recieves texts just fine.  Very light, lasts a week or so on a charge

Very basic phone, but does what it is intended for:  calls.Certain features are somewhat hidden within non-intuitive menus, such as the torch (flashlight) is in &#34;Organizer&#34;.The big button is not very precise:  pressing on the sides sometimes perform a center-press, instead of the intended side press.  One has to use the fingernails to press very close to the sides.As with most basic phones, the battery lasts an eternity if compared with smartphones.Uses standard-size SIM chips, and it does accept SD-cards for memory expansion (although I cannot think of anything to store in this phone...).The camera is horrible:  best to disregard it completely.The FM-radio works, but signal reception is very unstable (the internal antenna is rather small, of course).  I had phones with FM-radio that used the earphones wires as antennas, and reception was thus better.  Since this phone does not accept earphones, it is restricted to using whatever small antenna it has embedded.

otherwise may be nice useful cellphone-bandwise with 2 sim slots !Returned it only because lady with hearing aids had problems in regard tomissing bluetooth connectivity.

Tired of my smartphone Samsung Note 2.  Looking for simplicity.  Bought this at best buy for $27ish.  Finally pulled the trigger and switched sim card sizes and up and running on the Jenny.Initial impressions are favorable.  This is a $25 phone.  The earpiece is a little tinny sounding and not quite as loud as I'd like, but it gets the job done relatively well.  Why do I have to upgrade every two years to a new $200 phone?  I am going old school keeping my contacts on the sim.Signal quality is about on par to what I received with smartphones.  Battery life is incredible.  7 days on single charge and still had one bar remaining.  Made numerous calls and texts, didn't alter phone usage pattern at all.Wish there was an earbud connection.

Often doesn't find a signal unless I turn it off and on again, so I've missed a lot of calls. I do like the flashlight option. I haven't tried the dual sim yet, but plan to in Italy. Hopefully it will pick up a signal there!

I bought this for a relative, who needed a basic GSM phone.  It is a no-frills talk and text only phone.  As such it is quite satisfactory for people with similar requirements.  I did not rate it 5 stars, because that seems to me to be too much.  The phone has two SIM card slots, which is useful for travelling abroad; you can then use a local SIM and will not loose your US SIM card.

The phone is quite small. The Blu Tank is a little thicker and has longer battery life. The "instructions," in addition to being little more than a summary of the phone's menus, is written with many grammar, stylistic, and usage problems. Easier to search online for a Blu Jenny manual. Same lack of information, but with larger type. If you are technologically feeble or logically impaired, or simply desire detailed instructions, avoid Blu bar phones.First omission: How do you get into the thing to install the battery? At the bottom edge, there is a tiny groove into which you can stick a strong fingernail to pop the back of the case off. If the color of the stripe around the edges of the phone is black, this is hard to spot. While it is open, you can see where the SIM cards go. Just position one or both and slide them or it in. The tiny SD card is also easy to install if you know the top secret that is not included in the instructions. Facing the exposed innards of the phone with the camera lens at the top, there is a little square frame at the bottom left that will hold the SD card. Position that strong fingernail into the vertical slot in the frame, and slide the frame to the right about 1/16 of an inch. Use the same tool to raise the frame on its hinges. Install the cardlet and close the frame, sliding the the top back to the left. Adding the card will enable many of the features of the phone. You can set the camera resolution higher, load the card with MP3 files in a folder called "MY MUSIC" and load additional MP3 ringtones.I am amazed at the good quality of the FM radio.I bought the phone to use in Costa Rica. It is easy to purchase a SIM there to use in this unlocked Quad-Band phone. I can't tell how it works as a phone yet, since I am still in the US.I regret the absence of a headphone plug, but we will be traveling with other devices to meet that need.The absence of a manual is not all that bad. I just spent about 30 minutes exploring the Menu and found most everything needed. You can even find out how to lock the keypad: Press the center of the big square button, followed immediately by pressing the asterisk. Unlock it by the same procedure. The operating system has one nasty quirk. When you change a setting in one of the menus, sometimes you are given an option to "save", or a "done", or an "OK". There is no consistency. Just make sure you do something to save your change, or it will be lost.When I get a Kolbi/ICE SIM into this little red wonder, I will update.

adequate time delivery meets the expectations. easy for new user of cell phone battery takes several hours,recommended new users easy to understand recommended lightweight and practical

too small to  use not comfortable will not recommend to any one else.  I am not impressed at all.hate it
