
This is: Genuine, Brand New ihpne5, in a Sealed Box, Qatband (woks will all GSM systems) !!! I advise it!

Although there is no signficant improvement over 4S, lighter and thinner design is better. IOS and screen sensivity is still the best. Case is not comparable with galaxy 3s. If you dont need an advanture to return back to apple, go get it.

I would NEVER recommend this seller, i'm from Ecuador and i bought an UNLOCKED cell phone but they sent me a locked one. i contact them and explained but they said that unfortunately it has benn passed the limited time for a return or guarantee, it's not fear now i have an expensive new cell phone that i will never going to use!!!!

I know a lot of apple fans are going to probably hate this review. I review a lot of products!  If you check my review I try to be honest and helpful.  I am not here to be popular or go with the trend.First, price is way to high! Max I would pay for Iphone with the specs(hardware)they have is $200 as it is not the top phone for speed, screen size, and features. I would not recommend this phone as the price does not match the quality.  You get more with the the Galaxy Note 2 for just a little bit more money. I am a heavy phone user. I am comparing the Iphone to other phones on the market.Second, The phone is still fragile. My friend broke his within the first 2 weeks of getting the phone.  Calls still dropping alot.  Apple is improving a little.  Bigger screen and LTE but still far behind Android. He is on Verizon which is the best network so there is no excuse.  The screen vibrancy is not as good as the Galaxy S3.  Apple is improving a little.  Bigger screen and LTE but still far behind Android. I give the Iphone 5 two stars for 2 improvement.  The Iphone 4 if I could give it a zero I would have.3rd Again apple is just catching up to Jellybean OS from android as my previous review of the Iphone 4, Apple has copied alot of stuff from Android. People who use Android will know about notification bar, Cloud backup, Widgets, Voice Navigation, Voice command, 4g, LTE, etc the list goes on but most of these feature were from 4 years ago on Android as Apple has barely put it in the IPhone. I also fix phone so I see these phone comes in for screen repair and also the back of the phone breaks a lot.  Parts are easy to find though and there are plenty of people who repair this phone.  I use every product and test it as best as I can.  I had apple when the 2g was out which was the best phone than but apple has fallen way behind and it is showing.  As far as current sales goes Samsung has taken the number one spot overtaking Nokia as the number one phone manufacturer.  Which I understand why because they do have the  best phone period whether is the galaxy note 2 or the galaxy S3.  Phone sales Galaxy Series is over 380 million sold vs the iphone 4 and 5 at only 80 million.

Its very nice phone. I like this. i have plan, i would like order one more Apple iphone 5 (White).

good customer service! it helps a lot ! I did not buy the phone eventually, but next time if i need any electronics i would definitely go to this store!

Bought for a friend and this seems to be a good buy after comparing the prices at many other online shops.

Eevry thing is as descripted, Its really like new and I like the phone. It functions very well until now.

hello I'm from Venezuela and I buy the unlocked iphone 5 white and says you can only ship within the United States, if I buy from Venezuela did not come?

I've owned this phone a few months now and love it. The quality craftsmanship is one of the things that sets this phone ahead of the pack. Instead of a cheap plastic case most cell phone have, this is metal and hardened glass.The crazy thing about this phone is that while the screen got bigger from the last iPhone, it also got thinner and lighter. People who happen to pick up my phone can't believe how light it is.As far as the software goes, it's top-notch. It's so intuitive to use that even mom tech-phobic mom can use it, and actually have fun in the process. Unlike other phones like Android, you don't have to worry about viruses and malware.Wonderful phone.

The product selled is not unlocked and i paid 400USD else  for unlocked it. I need receive this amount now

This phone is my second new iPhone, (3rd if you count an old iPhone 3G) and it is the best iPhone, and best Smartphone I have ever used BY FAR.The sweet Aluminum build and the wonderful sensor placement as well as the size and the thinness and lightness just make this thing BEAUTIFUL. (I use it without a case alot.) Although, it is a little overpriced, ($499 or $399 is more like it) I only had to pay $100 for it, with an early upgrade fee and getting $300 from an iPhone 4 I sold on eBay.To sum it all up:Pros:- Fast- Good looking- Thin- Light- Simple to use- Good features- Wonderful resale valueCons:- Expensive- Soft aluminum, but you shouldn't be dropping it in the first place.This is a HUGE upgrade from an iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S in every way.The geekbench score is 6x higher than the 4 and 3x higher than the 4S and its VERY noticable.Highly recommend!

Excellent product that came very fast to me.The product was new, in the box with all the original acessories.

LOVE LOVE LOVE! 4 stars instead of five because of the price. Wait for the deal and check the trade in value of your current phone... I paid $10.23 for my iphone 5!

i got this iphone 5 very soon and the owner was very nice. he answered all my questions patiently. the whole process went very smooth.

I had to wait for 4 weeks and finally made it, but was a big lier the guy that sold that PZM. Phone has craks and dents all over, and was only a phone no cables nothing. What a looser.

Warning: My reviews are thorough, straight forward, and to the point...I am and always will be an avid supporter of Apple, despite their obscene prices & sometimes annoying level of arrogance in the world of marketing technology. Say what you will about Apple, there is no denying their superiority when it comes to the quality & capabilities of their products. When I picked up my first iphone in 2008 (a 3GS), I fell in love with the simplicity of Apple iOS & just how easy it is to navigate. Since then, I've owned the 4, the 4s, & now the 5. At this point, Needless to say, I'm accustomed to iOS & trying to use phones with other operating systems like Android & Windows gives me the worst headache you could imagine.Now down to the dirty side of this review. Yes, I gave the iphone 5 five stars. Why? Because it does everything it claims to do. It has a slightly faster processor, slightly larger screen, & better resolution than its predecessor. The screen quality, imho, is its best asset. I will not judge the quality of the phone by how much it costs like a large percentage of other reviewers, because it is completely irrelevant in making a fair assessment of the phone itself. Besides that fact, it is pretty comparable in price to any other similar smartphone that you would buy outright without a contract. Want an iPhone but don't want to pay half a grand? Get a contract like I did & stop whining....Moving on to the dirty, this will probably be my last iPhone purchase for a while. Why? As I've come to realize with age, shelling out $200 every single year over an upgrade to a phone that has had little to no significant changes is beyond ridiculous. Most do it for the sake of saying they own the latest iPhone. Some do it for the sake of spending money. Either way, My advice would be to not fall into the conformities of society. Buy the 4s or 5 (which are practically the same darn phone) slap an Otter box or other brand of thick protector on it (it'll live longer, trust me) & vow to hold out until Apple steps it up an acceptable amount of notches. And honestly, at this point in their game, I don't see that happening for a while. It's a vicious money cycle with Apple and I'll be the first to say...I will not be buying the inevitable & sure to come: iPhone 5s at the end of the year. Unless it can wash my clothes, cook my dinner, & read me a bedtime story....(-_-)

The iOS needs a major upgrade, every native app that comes with the iPhone has been outdone by a third-party developer. For example, Camera+ is better than Camera, Google Maps is undoubtedly better than Apple Maps which was a complete mess, Google Now is better than Siri. Google Now has everything ready for you before you ask it a question. The phone literally has the same functionality as the two previous releases if you just download the iOs 6 upgrade. This upgrade will make your iPhone 4 or 4s have just as much internet speed and battery life as the iPhone 5. It's literally the same thing,  just a quarter of an inch smaller.In case you didn't know, Americans have spent $6 billion dollars fixing their iPhones since its first release in 2007. Get ready to see that number go up because the new iPhone is more fragile than Chris Bosh. The iPhone 5 is thinner and longer and with all laws of physics considered, that means it has more of a probability to break. Siri was cool for about a week and a half after its release on the iPhone 4s. If you ask any iPhone user, they will tell you they barely use it because she gives you wrong information after mishearing just about every command. Siri hasn't gotten much smarter in the iPhone 5, still bombarding the user with facts and figures you weren't even looking for. Remember those good old days when you could walk into any place whether it be a restaurant or a friend's apartment and  almost be sure you will be able to charge your phone? The same charger that worked for various Apple products also conveniently could charge every type of iPhone. We are sad to report that those days are over, as Apple decided to change the size of the connector that the charger plugs into on the bottom of the phone. Now, the standard Apple charger that fit every phone for the past five years no longer fit into the iPhone 5. These things make the iPhone terrible.

excellent for this price and good customer service, thought there is something wrong with the shipment, takes a week to getthis, but I felt satisfied!

People argue that this product is to expensive. Expensive? Its AMAZING. Love apple and iphones. TY steve jobs. TY for all.

I never wrote any review. This is my first time because I was so disappointed about my iPhone 5. I am a huge fan of iPhone and never go with anything else. I am using a MacBook Pro, and owned a MacBook Air. I was excited to wait for iPhone 5. First, I love the new design. The weight is light, and the phone looks just so elegant compare to the 4 and 4S. I love the white color, and of course, the screen and its contrast is much better than the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 (my hubby using the Note 2, switched from iPhone 4S). So, 2 stars because of the design. The disappointed part came from the signal. I got no wi-fi signal in my house, although I stand next to my router. My 4 and the Note 2 got full bar of signal. But that's not the end of the story. Last week I had some follow up with my dentist and my doctor. None of them could get a hold of me. They even asked me, when I called back, which is the good number to call me because they'd tried so many time but got my voice mail (and if the voice mail is from the morning, it will never show up in my phone until afternoon or late evening). Guess what, there was no signal/no service in my office which never happened to my iPhone 4 nor the Note 2, or any other phone everyone used in there. Only 2 people did not have any signal at all, me and my boss who just got the iPhone 5 as well. No wi-fi, no service, and no 4G. I felt like I was isolated in an island during 9 hours at work a day. Not that, the signal got lost when I was on the road, too.I went to Apple store thinking of exchanging another phone, so I brought the 4 and Note 2 with me just showing them I got issue with signal, not that I want something "new in the box" for re-sales or anything. They told me it's a known issue and all the phone would be the same. We did a test. 5 Apple staff carried 5 iPhone 5 and me stepping out of the store. We all stood like 3-4 stores from the Apple store. Guess what? None of their iPhone 5 got any wi-fi signal nor the 4G works. My iPhone 5 got 1 bar, but it went on and off, my 4 got 2 bars, and the Samsung Note got full bar! So they proved to me nothing was wrong with my phone. I even got some sort of signal while they did not at all.I am back to my iPhone 4 now and returned the 5. AT&T; tried to sell me the Galaxy S3, but because I always support Apple, I did not want to use Samsung. Since I am back to iPhone 4, I got service, signal, 3G, wi-fi.. everything in my office, at the gym, at home, or anywhere I go.

Great tool

This phone does everything!!  I've been able to become far more mobile and less dependent on my office and home computer as a result of the performance if this phone.  It performs well in all conditions and situations, and I haven't had any issues.  I appreciate being able to utilize this phone as a &#34;portable hotspot' at those times when I am away from my Wi-fi service and need to use my laptop computer.  This phone is very user-friendly and the available apps serve all of my needs.  Thanks for a great product!

I'm a die hard iPhone fan and I will probably be for a long time. This phone impressed me not only is it faster and sleeker with its new upgraded processor and frame, but it also has a taller screen. It feels like this taller screen adds to comfort and give the buttons on screen ease of access. Aside from the S and C models to buffer the real releases apple hasn't let me down and I can't wait for the 6

Note much to say.  Samsung Galaxy Note 2 is bigger, better, faster! The iphone is just not good enough for me to get.  I am a girl and thought about getting the Iphone because is smaller but just going to the store and browsing on the both phones and using both phones side by side; I am glad I got the Samsung Galaxy Note 2.

How stupid can this reseller think customers are?We can get the phone for 649$ at the apple store.How can anyone sell this for more?

Super Fast .. Looks great .. feels good in hand.. Loads of app in appstore..  And apple care is just fantastic..

We all know that Apple has high prices so why complain about it in a review? I bought the phone knowing that it was not going to be a cheap phone. I'm glad I spent the money on it.After having two junk phones within the last few years I finally bought an iPhone, it does everything it says and is great.Calling works great on here I've never had an issue with calls besides signal issues with my carrier.The phone has never froze on me. That was a huge issue with me having having my last phone always freeze even after deleting all the apps on it. I have never had a issue with this phone not wanting to work properly.Everything Apple says it does it really does. I don't have an issue with syncing the phone to my computer or charging it. The home button works great as well as the top button.I don't think I could go back to any other phone this will always be my phone of choice no matter the price of the phone.

I think the iphone 5 is same as description, so I give 5 star to it ! Thank you very much!

Excellent condition just as buyer said it was! No problems with the phone so far! All accessories worked just fine

I had to send the phone back because it is not compatible with Verizon's network. Better off just going to the store to get one.

I enjoyed a very nice very nice indeed Parcel arrived before the day was white at one case goood goood

The iphone 5 is amazing at first. Its very fast, the screen is brighter and better, and the camera is awesome. But, over time, My iphone began to have issues.The lock button stopped working. The same thing happened to 4 of my friends, all with 5's.It wont connect to wifi, even if all my other devices can.And, Apple is no help. It dosent matter that you paid $600 for the phone, you still have to pay an additional $100 for them to TELL YOU OVER THE PHONE how to fix any issue with it.They wont replace my phone, even if the wifi connection on it dosent work and the lock button is jammed.BIG dissapointment from Apple!!!! Get the 4S!

Very nice smartphone, rigorous design. Soft-touch finish, slim and lightweight, non-slip in hand. Juicy, bright, clear display. Sensitive sensor. High speed. The best of the mobile multitasking. The camera takes excellent, easy to work with her. Liked the idea of &#8203;&#8203;the three microphones. When shooting video, the sound was quiet, but now he is not only very clear, but loud! Interviewee will be excellent to hear from you, even if you are in a noisy place. Large amount of memory. Image model. In short the best smartphone to date!

Being someone who appreciates technology and convenience the Iphone 5 really suits me. This phone has something for everyone.  It is the Swiss army knife of cell phones. It serves as business and entertainment in one small device.  I no longer have to be stuck at home if I want to check important emails or surf on the internet.One main feature every phone should have is great reception, and the Iphone has it. The slim design, along with being light-weight, makes it easy to hold in your hand. This phone is also durable.  I have dropped mine a few times and it incurred no damage.  This phone has an excellent display, and although the speakers appear to be small in size they are not small in sound. The sound is full bodied and crisp adding to the multimedia experience. With ample battery life, the Iphone 5 gives you a whole day of use before it needs a quick charge.  It has a built in HD camera/video recorder to capture all of life's precious moments when you least expect it.  The Iphone's  front facing camera makes it convenient to take self portraits and simple to pose with your friends or family without the need of  another photographer.Since the device is so popular, many apps are available and are often free.  Facetime is built into the phone and allows you to see the person you are talking to if they have a phone with the same capabilities.  This is great for people who are away from home for extended periods of time.  Some other major apps, are Netflix, Facebook, and YouTube.  If you have children, several game apps come in handy to keep them occupied while you are busy.This phone is great for the on the go businessman and frequent travelers.  With access to a 4G network, you can obtain directions using Google maps. Siri, the name for the artificial intelligence, in the form of a female voice, makes it possible to use your phone hands free. This gives feel of having your own personal assistant. To activate simply push a button and tell Siri what you want her to do.  You can use Siri to send text messages, activate programs, or you can even ask her silly questions and she will reply.  She knows my birthday!  Another feature is the ability to use Bluetooth in sync with your vehicle or other Bluetooth compatible devices.The Iphone 5 was the top selling smart phone for the year 2012, and the Iphone in general tops sales over other smart phone devices.  In the first weekend the Iphone came out, over a million were sold.  This phone is compatible, user friendly and great for all age groups.  The number of sales speaks for itself.  Can all of these people be wrong?  If you are looking for a dependable phone, that is worth your money than the Iphone 5 is all you need.

I received the phone and I am very happy about the product. I can recomended it. So, if the model is a little bit old, the price must be better...

I got a very scratched cellphone when they put looks like new, no headphones no case no box, I contact them and they said"" yes we sold to you this phone but there is nothing to do cause we sell no more on amazon ""....

this is great,and new with low price ,every thing is excellent except the box,box was different as should be same to iphone.but its great and good ,thanks

I chose it because it has a great screen. It has good why-fy.high :/ h :) m it nd my unconvinced :(I'm not alone for me is better than the captors the captors the captors the captors the captors the captors the captors

I got the iphone 5 in nice packeging, good condition and they send on time, i love the seller, iplan to by some slr cameras, d7100' or canon 7d, if i fine a good price used camera in good condition

I love the Apple IPhone and would highly recommend it. It is easy to set up and easy to use.

wonderful. I managed to get a &#34;used&#34; model, which was actually like new but discounted. It is an apple product so all the pluses are there- so many apps, so many functions. However as always with apple products you have the down side- their own sized sim card,cannot open product for battery replacement,etc.

I love this phone, the battery life is kind of iffy but for a phone that does so much, it is kind of expected.

So I know from personal experience that there is a lot of money out there and some people are willing to get it, are you? learn how to create and produce a brand new app and have your game featured in the Apple app store with 60% of revenue coming home to your pocket. If you think this is for you click here [...]

This phone is supposed to be &#34;UNLOCKED&#34;, and we have tried to put a sim-card in it, and it was locked! Total misrepresentation of this iphone model.

No more words are requiredBut I have to  put more to be acceptable repot so...Four more words to go!

not met my expectations.I bought a phone as unlocked, but the phone is locked by the carrier due to the contract.I am unable to use the device.very sorry to purchase.

PowerfulLightBeautifulWhat Else??There is no comparison&#34;Loving It's so easy, That's why so many people do&#34;True Story

I love the phone so much, the features and everything. I recommend it so much to anyone who loves apple  products.

I'm really happy with the product. I wish its battery lasts a little bit longer. The seller answered my questions really fast and politely. The phone is unlocked, as soon as it arrived i inserted the chip and i did not have any problem. It is new, and came with the headphones and charger as stated. It is a serious and very reliable seller. I defenitely recomend it and would buy again anytime

O love te phone .... Im feel so happy with that.... Thaks for everything .. It was so good And i love it

Delivered on time, box was not harmed or damaged in any way, phone was perfectly fine, and I've had it for about 2 years now, since ordering from amazon, and it has not caused any trouble. I absolutely love it.

Let me start off by saying I purchased the iPhone 5 and after fully using it, returned it after 14 days.I've owned the 3G, 4, 4S, and the 5, before dumping it for another 4S.To me, the 5 did not have enough of an advantage over the 4S, and indeed had some new negatives.1. Dozens of accumulated chargers suddenly worthless.2. Battery life no better than 4S, which could use more capacity already.3. Headset jack on the bottom is REALLY SENSELESS.4. The phone's lightness is good when in the pocket, but not good while holding. This is in part due to it's awkard length to width ratio.5. Picture aspect ratio. Again, the length to width ratio is just weird. I consider it either too long for its width or too narrow for its length. This affects not just the feel in the hand, but the aspect ratio of pictures taken.After seeing a demonstration of S-Voice, I no longer think Siri is the only game in town. So with this unexcpected lackluster model from Apple, I think it's a good time to switch brands.On the plus side, the new charger is easier to connect to the phone because it's reversible, and the headset is better than previous iPhones'. (Even users of older iPhones should consider buying the new headset, it makes a difference.)

A little disappointed that the screen isn't much bigger, but here's the perks.Scratch resistant screen, double the RAM/memory to 1 GB, 40% faster processing speed in a dual-core, faster graphics card, better speakers, and lighter phone all around. Besides that, everything else is the same as the iPhone 4S. But it's a great phone, I love it, the apps load much quicker and I was desperate for the extra speed. I think that if the iPhone 5S does have an insane camera, double RAM again, increase the speakers, and make the phone a little bigger, just a LITTLE MORE bigger, then, I'll just stick with the 5 because it' an amazing phone.

Everything great !! Im using the cell phone in Ecuador without problems using any nano sim card. Thanks guys good job

If a buyer these looking for a NEW product not recommend you to do with this buyer, it is a complete deception, buy an iPhone 5 that according to the announcement was brand new and I happened to be there used, the headphones were not original, cable and charger were dirty and the iPhone came without protertor plastic on the screen, the rear camera will be hurt by manufacturing defects and when I cover the warranty of apple that is for one year I was informed that it was already expired because the iPhone had more than a year use ... if you want to be ripped off buy here ... but if you want a new product seeking another seller!

Upgraded to iPhone5 6 months ago from iphone 4s.  I WISH I GOT THE GALAXY!!!  Have nothing but issues with this phone.  The camera is so sow and photos are often blurry.  My Macbook Pro cannot find the device to upload photos and videos despite resetting and restarting several times.  I HATE THIS PHONE!!  I will not be buying another Apple phone.  I knew I should have gone with another brand.  Kicking myself.

Exelente vendedor, exelente producto, puntual con el envio, telefono nuevo y liberado como lo describe el vendedor... Recomendado 100% en la comunidad

I like you to send me a nice phone which has no damages at all. However, I couldn't find any charger, ear phone, or connection cable. Because of that, I bought a connection cable.It's okay. You sent me a phone which has clean ESN, and shape.

I have had the iPhone 5 since it came out. I love my phone and its functionality. The battery life is vastly improved from the 4 and 4s. I highly recommend this phone.

they said on the title ''Apple iPhone 5 16GB (White) - Unlocked (used)'' but what I received was NOT UNLOCKED, and after contacting the seller they said in the description was written the phone is not locked. That doesn't make scene and consider as cheating. I'm extremely dissatisfied and that would be the last time to deal with you guys. I paid 379.98 for a phone has no value.

The only problem I have is that I bought a 16gb, and people think if you just use music that's all you need but it's not true, these days with apps and pictures, you can easily get past 16gb, so I always recommend to go beyond, and that was my mistake since I only plan to keep this until the iPhone 6 or better comes out.But the phone is great and I can't think of any issues.

the material its excellent ,b it unfortunately it does not fit on my i phone 5. Its too small and its not not its transparent.

you can buy brand new unlocked iphone 5 16g from apple store got $649uh thereyou can buy brand new unlocked iPhone 5 16g from apple store for $649so dont buy this and this might be used.

I love my iPhone 5 for making mini movies of my kids like this one&#8230;.[...]but there are sooooo many choices! Here are some helpful hints.[...]

I switched from the HTC Evo to the IPhone 5 mostly due to all the glitches in the EVO and wanting to try something diff. However, after switching to the IPhone, I must say that I liked my Evo better. The buttons on the IPhone are too small and i have skinny fingers. Additionally, there are no arrows to edit a text message for example, if I misspell a word, I have to tap around the screen to move the cursor but it will only move to the beginning or end of the word. Therefore, if I misspell a word I have to delete the entire word. This is annoying to me bcz I could easily correct my mistake on my Evo and not have to retype the entire word. If you plan on contracting with sprint, the internet connection for the Ipjone 5 is absolutely horrible bcz they are switching to the LTE network, so if there is no LTE connection in your area you will only get 3G and not 4G, which is like not having internet bcz the spinning loading icon will do just that all day. As a result you may not get emails for 3+ days if you only check them from your phone. I know several people across different states with the same issue. Initially I could watch full episodes on VH1 from my Evo but not on my iPhone 5. Anyway absolutely nothing stands out to me with this phone bcz in my opinion, the Evo had better features and is more practical. Most people who think the iPhones are the best devices have likely never experienced what other phones have to offer bcz they have been on the iphone band wagon for years. I don't mean picking up a phone in a store and playing around with it, I mean actually using a different phone for months like I have. So anyone who would pay $1000s for this phone is a complete fool especially when u can just buy a computer and a better phone.

I'm reviewing the iPhone 5, not the $1000 iPhone 5 sold here.  I bought it via AT&T; for the upgrade price of $199.  So price is not the issue here.Love the phone.  Hate the battery life.  I'm on my 2nd phone and something clearly is wrong.  There are loads of people complaining about the battery life on the Apple support forums.  It is not clear yet whether it is a hardware or iOS problem, but I can say for sure that this phone does not get HALF the battery life my iPhone 4 had....and I have "babyed" it by completely draining the battery and re-charging, turning off WiFI when not in use, turning off LTE & bluetooth when not in use, turning off iCloud passport, turning off email push notifications, NONE of which I had to do on the 4 (except the 4 didn't have passport or LTE).  But still, you get the idea.Apple claims the longer battery life is one of the bonuses of this phone.  Nothing could be further than the truth for me and many users.  I personally have spoken to 4 people who have the issue.  Another handful report not having the issue which is good.  But 50:50 rate of success is too poor a ratio IMO.I've spent somewhere around 16 hours troubleshooting this with Apple, taking my first one in for a new phone, setting up a new phone for the 2nd time FROM SCRATCH and  believe me I'm not happy about this.  I've set up twice as new, done hard boots, you name it with tech support.And still, today I surfed Facebook a bit, made a few calls totalling no more than 5 minutes.  The phone Usage indicator says I used the phone for more than 5 hours!!! Impossible.  Charge was at 100% this morning and with that small amount of use...really...totalling less than one hour...I'm at 10% battery.While the AppleCare representatives are all polite and knowledgeable, I find it especially hard to stomach the scripts they are all taught to say...basically discounting the trouble you are having.  You can tell they HAVE to say these things.I really hope hubris doesn't undo Apple, but if this iPhone5 issue and the Apple Maps fiasco is any indicator, they are really on their way down.  I read a Wall Street Journal article today regarding the gains Amazon, Samsung and Google are making on Apple.I don't want to see Apple fail because I really like their products.  I think they need to get a clue when it comes to not making their customers PAY THEM to BETA TEST.  My rate is $29.00/hr.  At that rate by my caluclations, they owe me a full refund plus some hourly wages for all the work I've put into this...and STILL NO SUCCESS.  For all my trouble I am actually going to ask them for a credit to my account and yeah you can just go on laughing...me too.  But I'm going to ask.If I hadn't already passed my 4 onto my son I would take it back.  The only reason I upgraded in the first place is because I don't like using a smartphone out of warranty -- too afraid of data loss.  So I went for the 5.BOO HISS APPLE.In sum, here's my advice:  If you have already bought one and your battery life is not good...take it back and keep taking it back until you get a good one.  MAKE SURE THE BATTERY CHARGE IS AT 100% OUT OF THE BOX when you first charge it up.  IF NOT, DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND ASK FOR ANOTHER PHONE THAT HAS A 100% CHARGE.  There is anecdotal evidence that the ones that are not showing up in the box at 100% are the problem phones.SECONDLY, IF YOU HAVE NOT ALREADY TAKEN THE PLUNGE ON THE iPHONE 5, WAIT 6 MONTHS UNTIL (IF) APPLE RESOLVES THIS PROBLEM.  The rate of poor battery reports is too high to take the risk, IMO.Hope this helps,**UPDATE***Next day: after talking with Apple Care last night and getting approval, went to the Apple Store today and swapped out the phone for a new one (which was 66% charged out of the box).  The guy at the Genius Bar said he thinks its the apps I was using responsible for the battery life. (I had a lot of them on my 4 and the same ones on the 5).  He said the apps may have not caught up to the new iOS yet.  I'll leave the discussion on who I think is to blame for that for another time.  At any rate he came up with 3 or 4 apps from the log which showed crashes.  He asked me to restore the phone from new (again) and rebuild it.We left the Apple store and the battery was at 66%.  We drove across the highway to another store.  Before we could even go in the store the battery had gone to 61%.  We turned around and went back to the Apple Store in the mall.  By that time the battery was at 59%.Mind you, none of my apps were on this phone.  They had just set it up.  Talked with a technician and he said it is fine to have 66% battery new in the box and that this sort of battery life loss (7% within 10 minutes) was to be expected on a new phone.  He said when I charged it up again it should do better.  OK I'm skeptical, but will report back.Meanwhile here I go rebuilding a phone again.One thing I can say is that at least I'm becoming more convinced that this is a software issue and not a hardware issue.  A combination of iOS 6 and also apps that iO6 no longer likes (thank you Apple).Also today on Facebook I had two people reply to my post about this that they had new iPhones and their battery was dying before the end of the day.  They were suprised at the poor battery life.  I also had a friend with a relatively new 4S say the same thing...which leads me to believe it is Apple's new OS that is causing these problems.My last strategy if it doesn't get better is to wipe almost all apps off the phone and just use it as a dumb phone.  With a beautiful screen.  Hopefully it won't get to that point.  If I can remember to I'll come back and post what happened.

it is really good for using, and white color is not as bad as black color if you dropped it on the floor. i have dropped it in the toilet and it still works well right now

I have an iphone 4, so this iphone 5 is really a good change for me. I believe that are better phones in the market (galaxi, sony xperia, etc). But all my tech stuffs are from apple so i'm a captive customer.I receive the original phone and arrive in time. If you love apple products this phone is for you.

So other than a .5" larger bordered screen and a new 9 pin connector there is nothing new here.  Same old boring IOS minus google maps/youtube app (you get Apple Imaps epic fail instead) the same issues that plagued as far back as the 3gs (for me) such as getting locked in headphone mode, freezing/crashing apps, losing service for no reason and having to reboot the Iphone to get it back, being way to delicate if dropped or hit, way over priced, and the simple fact that are much better smartphones out there namly Windows Phone and Android.  I have seen and personally did speed tests on browsing, boot up times and app lauching and Windows Phone 7/8 and Android beat this device hands down everytime in all catagories.  They say Apple could sell a turd wrapped in tin foil with an Apple logo on it.....well this is that turd.  There is no reason to buy this recycled iphone as there will be another one out in less than a year, possibly the usual Iphone 5/5s/5se/5LT/Iphone 5 Turbo/Super Iphone 5 turbo....and all makes and models will be the exact same phone lol.  Wake up people, go with whats best for you, not whats popular this week.  I traded this dud after a month for a Windows Phone Nokia Lumia and couldn't believe what I was missing and how limited the Iphone is.  Apple is going to have to do better than Iphone 5 and Ipad mini/nano/tini to retain it's bloated, stagnent, fragile market share.

there was written that phone is new but it was clearly used as the sceeen sticker was old not like this whats on new phones. my screen has some squares on it and its not going away. my locking button is working badly and my phone back was scratched and didnt have sticker on it like new phones firstly have. and box was opened already!!!

the 4s with a longer screen..... yea that's pretty much it. The 4s did a lot in it's first year out like the whole siri thing with ios 6. Where  iphone 5 just came out with a longer screen and lte. but it does have a sleaker design to it and has the faster charging port. I think I was in love with the 4s a bit more tho maybe because it was the phone that got me on the apple bandwaggon so. but i actually traded this phone for other phones for a total of 3 times, the last trade i did was for a 5c(see review) so yeah they aren't selling these phones anymore but it was great while it lasted. eh

Delivered on time, brand new and unlocked. My only complain is when I tried to register, the iPhone was registered to another AppleID.I need to register my iPhone

I got the phone only 5 days later. It truly comes unlocked and works great with tmobile. :) 5 stars fooor suuure! &#128077;

Shipping was great, I got the phone weeks sooner than was projected!  I opted for the factory unlocked phone because I am active duty military, so I can use it anywhere in the world.  I was skeptical when I opened the package, as it was packed with newspaper, it didn't look very legit, but I am happy to say that everything looks to be in excellent condition.  I am very happy with everything, so far.

Excelente producto, me encanta apple y super rapido la entrega muy buen vendedor y muy segura la compra todo muy bien

The Software is really Good,  but the iPhone comes with case detals in the corners! I don't like detals! Thanks

FALSE ADVERTISING ! Not Unlocked ! The package was not in new condition. The phone was locked by the carrier AT&T. It also had some messages and calls record as it was used product. Very dissappointed with this purchase.

Hello, I bought the iphone 5 sent it to a friend of mine in Washington DC, I am currently living in Argentina.When she bought it home a week after and I tested it, the phone is not working properly and I am having lots of trouble with the botton in the front below the screen that enables you to change from one program to the next is not working.I can't believe that the seller would offer broken merchandise saying it is new.Regards

Is great phone

It's unlocked but not brand new.. It's good. The iOS system is the best mobile system, I think. I love it.

I am having the same problem with the phone again. Previously I ordered the 5 and the battery would not hold the charge. I sent it back and got the 5s and the same problem is recurring. Should I take it to am apple store?

Very fast, and very good. i like it! and this phone is model: A1429, i like A1429, very nice! i like it!

This Smartphone is an expensive toy - but not a business tool at all.  The problem is that there is no email flexibility that comes even close to a Blackberry.  The iPhones have a critical design flaw that may be done on purpose to promote the use of more data by phone carriers because of IMAP syncing.1) You cannot receive Gmail to both your Gmail on your computer and your iPhone unless you choose IMAP.  If you choose IMAP your phone always needs an internet connection to synchronize and view Gmail account.  So your phone is always hunting and reloading stupidly - eating up data and slowing you down.2) If you create a new gmail account on the iPhone and have your main Gmail forward to your new iphone gmail, this only takes care of incoming messages, because you cannot "send as" using your main Gmail account.  This is unbelievable.3) Often - when we configure company emails with the iPhone, the iPhone will receive emails, but the iPhone will not send.  This is not user error - as we checked this 30 times before stating  it here, all of our outgoing smtp servers were correct.  Still not working!4) The iPhone has to hunt for messages - while other superior and reliable email server systems like the Blackberry RIM network pushes out emails to your device nearly instantly.5) Remember for those of you who write lengthy emails, the Blackberry user can type long fluent messages quickly with fewer errors and even with text assist to fix your mis-types - the iPhone is super slow and frustrating for the serious typist/message writers.6) No other alternative email clients (apps) can address these issues either.Bite the bullet - save the money and stay with your Blackberry if you email is the most important business tool. I am giving my iPhone 5 32GB to my wife and trying a Samsung Galaxy 2S.  If that doesn't work - I go back to the Blackberry.  I cannot waste 3 days plying with iPhone configurations only to find out there are no solutions because of operating system design flaws.

There was a scratch on the back. Other than that, it was pretty good, I'm in love with the phone.

The phone was working til... it wasn't anymore.Apple's assistance is not the same as it was before. I live in Brazil and I am having a real hard time solving this issue. Right now, the phone is just a really expensive problem to me.

At the beginning when I got to Brazil, it was breezing and I needed to restart it! It didn't happen with the 4S!

the home bottom is not so sensitive. but anyway, it is real an unlock phone that can use in asia.

This is a great phone you can do  more than the 4s but to much money Siri is great faster processor and a 4 inch screen but too much for the price

I needed to replace all accesories after a month of use, as they broke out  or were not performing well. I recently went to a apple store and get that all accesories were non originals.The phone is still not performing well, as it appears it was refurbised.I ask for a solution, that neve come...

I graduated from the iPhone 3G to the iPhone5, and it was a very satisfactory experience.  Still debating if it is worth the price of the unlocked phone.

For me de new IPhone 5 is a nightmare - the IPhone 4 was 10 time better a easy to use.

DO NOT BUY an iphone 5 if you use the Bluetooth in your car.  For MANY new car models you can make outgoing calls but will NOT be able to accept incoming calls via Bluetooth!  Apple has the ethical obligation to tell you that their product will not function in a lot of cars when the customer is considering a purchase....but they don't!.  Very disappointed that they did not share this information! I would NOT have made this purchase!

On July last year, I decided it is time to upgrade from my Samsung Galaxy Note 1 to a new phone with up to date specifications. I decided to purchase the IPhone 5 considering that it is an Apple product and I would like to give it a try. However, I am sad to say that my expectations have been over-estimated.- The Iphone couldn't transfer contacts stored on my SIM card to the phoneConsidering that my two previous phones, the Note 1 and the Touch Pro 2, could do it, I am puzzled as to why I am deprived of as a basic function. I ended up having to place my SIM card back into my Note 1, transfer the contacts onto my Note, and use the "Bump" application to transfer the contacts to my Iphone. The fact that I have to rely on a third party application and my old Android phone for such a basic task disappoints me.- Poor file management and storage place utilizationI am expecting Itunes to be an optional tool for PC file transfer, much like Samsung Kies. And I was wrong. You MUST use Itunes! It might be trivial to some of you but I expect file transfer to be as easy as dragging and dropping the files into another window without the use of an extra programme, something that my old Windows CE Touch Pro 2 could do. Also, I realize that opening a music or video file in another app would result in the file being copied! Why is it that IOS saw the need to have 2 copies of the same file to be played in 2 different apps is beyond me. That is a poor utilization of storage space.- Lower quality video playback appsI love watching videos on my Iphone when I am traveling to and from my workplace. It seems that the video playback apps on IOS isn't as good as Android's. I have DicePlayer installed on my Note and Goodplayer and Aceplayer installed on Iphone. These apps are known to be one of the best on both Android and IOS respectively. File formats that I have problems playing on the IPhone, I have no problem playing them on the Note 1. Although it is to be noted this is my observation on video playback apps, I wonder if this is the case of IOS apps in general: Quantity over quality.I could go on about the camera and other aspects.To cut the review short, I ended up returning to my 2.5 years old Galaxy Note 1 after a couple of months. The fact that the new IPhone 5 has problem topping my old Note 1 greatly bothers me because I paid good money for it. I am left wondering why there are always so many people queuing and camping outside Apple stores to buy the next new phone when the reality does not seem to exceed the hype.Here's hoping that Apple steps up their game this year.

The shipper is fast and responsive. Basically everything was perfect but I was expecting box close...  it came open box.

Llego en el tiempo esperado con las especificaci&oacute;n y caracter&iacute;sticas publicadas por el proveedor! Excelente producto para todas las edades vers&aacute;til

It was a truly a great experience dealing with this iPhone. It is in very impressive condition.I liked  this iPhone so much.

My iPhone 5 leaked battery after 1.5 years of use. In addition to leading to pathetic battery life, this caused the screen of the phone to come apart slightly. I see this as a safety issue and am surprised that this phone hasn't been recalled. While I was in store, I saw atleast 5 other people complain about the poor battery life problem.Initially apple genius drew a line in the sand and asked me for $269 to replace the phone with another iphone 5. I agreed. A little later, turned out that they replaced it for free. I appreciate that they ended up replacing the phone but instead of arguing about how the phone was warranted for 1 year, I would have expected the Apple "genius" to see reason on seeing a phone leaking acid without any physical damage at the beginning.

i just love it ... everything is okay, the store is pretty fine. nothing more to say, just buy yours :D

In different countries I just needed to purchase a prepaid SIM, and that's it!!!the delivery was accurate. there was no issues with delivery or product quality.

Hi, thanks for sending fast this iphoneI love it it's very nice comfortable to playBecouse it's slim i love it fast to use i didNot see like this fast iphone is the bestThanks

I like most of the features of this phone. However, I hate technology that does not work well and apple advertises it like if it was perfect. Siri, for example, has problems understanding many words. So it is sometimes frustrating when dealing with it. Dictation is out of the question since you will spend more time fixing the sentences from the wrong words and phrases which Siri made. The phone to the ear feature is also frustrating, since it does not work every time. So it is best to forget that this feature even exists. I do not understand why would Apple make a feature that would not work every time. It just makes the feature a pain to use. And the idea behind technology is to make things easy and even provide you with a bit of fun, not to make you want to smash it against the sidewalk.

I got exactly what I Paid for. It works exactly the way I figured it would. I'm glad to be on team iPhone now.

nice phone and is working good..  learning what all the phone does... Being unlocked it canbe used with any phone service.

The Iphone 5 looks almost identical to the Iphone 4S, so it's not so easy to tell them apart, especially from a distance since their shapes are so similar. Like its ancestor, the new model has rounded corners and a metal band along the edges. From then on, that's where the similarities stop. The Iphone 5 weighs only 3.9oz while the Iphone 4S weighs 4.9oz; Apple has finally moved up from its usual 3.5-inch display and moved onto a 4-inch on the Iphone 5. Apple has not only made the Iphone 5 look slimmer but faster software wise. Apple went above and beyond with the IOS6 software, such as having the ability to reply to a text message when you don't want to take a call, or have a Do Not Disturb mode where you can set a time when only certain people can contact you. They say you can keep the best for last but since the Iphone has such great features one of the best is Siri. It&#8217;s now more developed, Siri has learned a bit more in 2013, as this voice-recognition system with spoken responses can now get sports statistics and let you know when the next time the Lakers are playing. She can even compare stats between Kobe Bryant and Michael Jordon. For other practical uses, you can now post on Facebook through Siri, and also responds noticeably faster with more accuracy in speech recognition and data searching.

When I first saw the Iphone 5 it seemed stupid because I thought it was the exact same thing as the 4. I later realized that the 5 is way better! Some people say that it is not worth the money, but in my opinion I think it is. It is nothing like the 4! It is super light and really skinny! The 5 is bigger but that's one thing I like about it! I really like all of the cute cases and accessories and everything you can buy to go with it. The Iphone 5 works really well and it's also fast. I really like the 5 and if you are looking for a good and fast phone I suggest you get it!When I used the Iphone 5, I became addicted to it. Some people ask me "what's the difference between an Iphone 4 and a Iphone 5?" Well, it's longer and thinner, which makes the screen longer. Theres also the lightning charger, which makes the charger fit into the plug-in on the phone both ways. On the Iphone 5 the back isn't glass like the Iphone 4, It's titanium which prevents the back from breaking.I recomend the Iphone 5 to anyone who drops their phone often. I dropped my Iphone 5 in the toilet once, everything still works fine. The sound was a bit gurgly but a little rice fixed that.

I am not really that picky about technology, although I am a big fan of it... I have a job, I have a social life on and offline, I love music, art and photography and I forget things easily...So this phone is awesome for me :) Helps me to carry on! Haha.

Greetings, to revise the phone and put to the test i realized that the screen is defective. Se l put four red stripes and other blue. Is a very expensive phone $ 700 to have to do that every time default or i will use. Thank me please solve the inconvenience, thanks

good evening, I have problems with this purchase the phone model iphone5not yet been sent to me and the purchase and has many days of being efectuda, necito an answer on this problem ... I hope your early reply please.

Only newbies and wannabe Apple fans pay ridiculous prices over a phone soon to be outdated! Is there a need to spend your life texting and sending moronic videos to each other? Boy, you are getting royally ripped off with data plans and everything else in between!!!!! I'm not new to Apple products, my first b/w classic in my kid days was all I needed to remain a forever fan of Apple (Macintosh for the fakers), when most were Microsoft mindless followers. What a pathetic bunch who sit and wait in line to spend their meager earnings on unnecessary items! Do you people have a job?????  I had an iPhone 3GS, a gift, I couldn't wait to get rid of it, currently I use a flip-phone, it does what it is supposed to do, make phone calls!! I assure you that my profession pays more than enough to buy whatever Apple item I want! Save your money you fools, buy what you need not what you want, most of you can't hardly turn on the stupid phone much less know the technology behind it! Those who truly need the phone for business, you are exempt, simply carry on. But these dealers are getting a bit out of control with their asking prices for a dumb phone! Is a camera really necessary? Buy a real one, cheaper and more useful!! Uff dah, what a bunch of suckers, in debt up the ying-yang yet buying expensive "toys"! Fools! Not an Android fan either.

I purchased this phone as unlocked to be used on all carriers, as the new IOS 7 was applied the phone relocked and Apple advises that it was not unlocked properly by the carrier before being sold as represented by this retailer DirectBuyWireless.

Excellent. Responsible. recommended.Shop very serious when it comes to return the Product. The recommend 100%Attentive and Responsible. Thank you.

I've been slow to upgrade but we've been loyal to other Apple products and have really enjoyed using the Ipod and Ipad with the kids. As far as the phone went, I never saw the reason to get one, but now that I have I thoroughly enjoyed it.The phone is faster than my laptop. My daughter has the Iphone 4 and the screen on the 5 is bigger, and it has been really nice to use. It's expensive enough I have invested in a case to protect it. I don't regret the purchase and love the new phone. I can load up the apps to keep the kids busy at the doctors office and not have to lug other toys or tech items along.The phone was easy to learn to use and I had no problems with it after a month of use.

maximum rate for this product because there is nothing that equals an iphone 5, battery lasts longer and is extremely fast.

It was fine both the charger didn't work at all...good thing I've ordered the package with the car one so I use that instead of the one that was supossed to. It also had some scratch that I didn't notice at first but they were there....and I didn't even use it when I got it...at least works....

I ordered this cell phone despite the bad reviews about it, these reviews are not accurate at all.first of all I ordered 16 GB and i received 32 FOR FREE.the phone is unlocked as in the description and it's new and also the shipping was very fast.Thanks a lot

I ordered a Apple iPhone 5 16GB (White) - Unlocked - Sold by Nimlow Electronics. Instead they sent me a black phone. I am quite suspicious about it because 1.  they did not communicate that my phone was not available in white.  2.  They did not reduce the cost I was initially billed since the black sells for less..  3.  Amazon had to be the ones to make contact with my dis-satisfaction and I hope that this seller is removed from their listing. When people spend their hard earned money they ought to get what they paid for!! I will certainly not purchased anything from Nimlow Electronics in the future!!

This was a nice package it came with everything few scratches. But I want it to activate it with another company but the phone wasn't totally unlocked now i have to activate it with tmobile :( and I have to have a contract to so I'm kinda disappointed

The seller is enthusiastic to help. The phone works fine. Also works fine in other countries' GSM sim card.Satisfied with the service and the phone. Just get it if you want the unlocked one.

There is a SIM card in the phone, I'm afraid it's a used one. I hope this kind of situation will not happen again.

it is very good,it si the same as the new phone,and it is unlock,it can be used in any country

I love it! I live in Venezuela and it works perfectly. It's perfectly unlocked. I'm in love my new iPhone

Great seller I recommends 100% for future other buys, the product comes perfect. The iPhone don't have any problem. Jdnt

there isn`t unlocked, the iphone have a diferent imed than the imed of the case.. I feel cheated!!!! i hate ittt!!!!!!

i was disappointed to find out it was not a phone from the US which made it difficult to work with

Apple once again created a stunning device which is better than the iphone generations before. But there is a problem. Because of the HD cam inside the photos and videos are gigantic and need a lot of space on your phone. So trust me and take this version [...]

It is a quality product. Apple prides itself in user experience, which is very clean. That being said, it's a new world. They are not the only product out there anymore, and Samsung is proving a worthy competitor. With Samsung offering phones with more features, it seems it may be time for Apple to leave their comfort zone and begin innovating again.

I read most of the feedbacks is not good but i still order the iphone because i have to see it for myself and its true when i received the item its not sealed and with scratches and the item they describe online is brand new and the price is just the same price when you buy in apple store thats why i returned the item right away and its good they process the refund right away when they received the item.

A few time I bought this IPhone 5, the screen display failed I had to buy another screen but smart phone does not work good

I bought a unloched iPhone but this item was lock, even due I ask that I need an unlocked phone,  I especifficly that I need an unlock phone before the purchase. What can I do now?

I like it and own it but a bit overpriced. I think the design is still one of the best things when it comes to Apple products. No other company designs such sexy devices. The iPhone also hosts best in class technology. What disappoints me a bit is their pricing strategy. To be honest i think they should adjust their prices a bit. Compared to other players in the market their prices are to high.

I love the Apple IPhone and would highly recommend it. It is easy to set up and easy to use.

Im From Venezuelan and i have to say, this phone is amazing, no problem at all and factory unlocked... just love it

I must say that when it comes to a phone, I would love the one I had until it started failing or conking out after the first year. Well I have had my iPhone5 for over 6 months now and it is still running the same as when I got it. Apple is my new best friend now. I have not seen another phone out there that would even come close to taking its place. Putting it down is hard, and the a6 processor is fast and powerful. On top of that IOS 7, made it feel like I had a new phone. Thank you apple.

It's really brand new, with all accesories and factory unlocked, I use it in Honduras and have a exellent working! I love this!!

touchscreen it is not working very well. and accesories are generic and dont work. and it wasnt cheap at all

I love the phone! It doesn't looks like it was used except the charger that was fake everything was great!

This iphone is not unlocked and doesn't como in Apple's box. In my case, the charger didn't come! Please don't buy this false advertising!!!

I recently switched to Verizon and looked at multiple reviews to help me decide between the Samsung Galaxy S 4 and the iPhone 5. I decided on the iPhone but the person at the counter convinced me that the Galaxy is a better phone and I took it home. I did have a problem in that the Galaxy seemed to come on even though I turned it off at night. I went back and rather than get another S4 I decided to give the iPhone a chance. So now I have experience with both.Firstly I use the phone for fairly basic bread an butter applications: phone, texts, email, calendar, directions and basic apps like yelp, shazam and imdb. So lets go head to head:Phone and sound Quality: This is the main reason I decided to stick with the iPhone. Even though some reviews suggest the sound quality was better with the S4, my experience was the opposite. Though the S4 is louder I found the quality of the sound much better on the iPhone. In fact my old S2 seemed to have a better sound quality than the S4. Call me old fashioned but at the end of the day my primary use of this is still as a phone.Aesthetics: The iPhone hardware looks better but the aesthetics of the software interface was better on the Samsung. In fact when I switched to the iPhone I felt like I was going into withdrawals from the beautiful presentation and the home screens on the S4.Texting: I like the iPhone because I found the voice recognition slightly better. So now I voice most of my texts. I do miss swype when I have to type out my texts.Swype is faster to type (for me)E-mail: Samsung does have the advantage of having different apps for my gmail account and my work e-mail but the difference is superficial. Some may actually like getting all your emails in one app better.Calendar and Contacts: One reason I was nervous about switching to iPhone was that my calendar and contacts are Google based. But the switch was quite easy as I could export my Google contacts to the cloud pretty easily. And this way I only had to keep the contacts I use regularly and leave the rest on my g mail account. The calendar synchronized well though I miss the ultra-cool calendar snippets on the S4.Navigation: Now that Google maps is on the iPhone, no problems there. Just downloaded the app.Overall: The iPhone strikes me as simpler, easier to navigate and sturdier with good voice quality. The S4 is more technologically advanced, more frills, better software interface but also with more bugs. S4 tends to heat up more too.The kicker for me was the better voice quality and I am happy to stay with the iPhone for now.

excelente producto muy buena calidad en la fabricacion se recomienda a todos buena adquisicion para cualquiera que requiera un buen celular

The best smartphone ever, now even lighter and thinner...apps, music and whatever you need is in this phone on the go

Until now the phone has met my expectations. It has been a good purchase, it is very easy to use

The battery life is extremely short, otherwise everything seems fine. the battery goes out even when I do not use the phone. Is there any solution ?

The device is great. You know exactly what you are getting when purchasing it.The reason I rate it 4 stars is because iOS has yet to be updated to take advantage of the iPhone 5. iOS 7 will make this device even greater but by then we will have the 5s or 6.The device is ultra-durable. I have dropped it and it nothing has happened to it. I recommend the white one. Even though everyone says the black one is "sexy" the white device is much more clean and beautiful. Its prone less to fingerprints and scratches.I upgraded from the 4S to the 5 and the improvement is huge. If you use this daily for business then you will know what I am talking about. Everything feels smooth and quick. It is an almost perfect blend of hardware and software.

I love the iphone 5 i haven't had a problem with the phoneit arrived before i expected .The phone is unlocked and it was on the box new.5 Star rating because is just great .

With a new super slim design, a magnificent camera, and an absolutely stunning display, the iPhone 5 has left me mesmerized.  Apple was able to make this new iPhone almost 20 percent thinner than their previous iPhones.  My hands never want to put my iPhone 5 away; the feel of it is amazing!  The camera has been upgraded with 8 megapixels; and for those who love to take pictures you now have access to snap a high quality picture whenever and wherever you want!  But hold on that's not all, Apple had to finish off their beautifully engineered phone with an outstanding four inches retina display.

If youve reached this page you probably already have one. probably not more than five feet away from you right now. They are addicting! SOOO many times ive said, hey let me NOT be one of the masses and switch to a droid, and ALWAYS, i come back.The one reason why im leaving one less star for this product, is because there have been some noted charging issues with the 5. I had it happen to mine (the charging port just stops working one day, and no, i didnt drop my phone or anything, its basically my baby) so  i googled this issue and it seems to be specific to 5s.Also, if youve reached this you may have lost your phone and not had insurance. I always get insurance even tho ive only lost my phone once. Its a lot easier to pay 200 than to come buy an unlocked one, but its also smarter to buy an unlocked one if you are considering signing a contract- phone contracts suck, especially with all the competitive deals they have going on, u should be free to choose where u go!, whenever u want!Anyways, last thing i wanted to say, is this phone doesnt differ THAT much from the new 5c and 5s. So they have a couple cool features like the thumbprint unlock? I just dont think its worth it unless your obsessed with little upgrades like that/technology. I swear the biggest jump was from the 4s to the 5 in terms of what the phone looks like, in recent times anyways. If you are considering this or one of the newer ones, id go with this until the 6 comes out or 6s lol. to save you some money. unless you just NEED to unlock your phone with your thumb ;)

I paid a 700 dollar unlocked phone and it came LOCKED. So I want the return of the money as I can't unlock here in Brazil. I paid for something I didn't get. So, I hope this will be solved as soon as possible.

I purchased this product because it was time for me to purchase my first phone. I am glad I chose to purchase the white IPhone 5. It has fast internet connection, long lasting battery life, tons of cool features and apps, plus it's also lightweight for easier use.When I first turned on my IPhone, I immediately figured out how to use it. My IPhone was very easy to navigate and download new apps. I would recommend this phone for anyone eleven years or older.The only problem I ever had with my phone, was with the computer iTunes program. It was slow, and hard to figure out how to sync my new purchases onto my IPhone. However, my IPhone 5 was much better than my sister's IPhone 4s model. It has faster internet connection, and sends texts faster. Plus it has a bigger screen, with longer lasting battery life. Overall, I think the IPhone 5 is a great product and worth the price for all the features it has. I am glad I chose to purchase the IPhone.

Its an OK phone at best, certainly not insanely great anymore and very expensive for what you get.  Battery life is poor at best, and lacks several features of similarly priced or cheaper phones that offer things like expandable storage, swappable batteries and pressure sensitive styluses.  Furthermore it isn't universal so you can't easily switch carriers between LTE providers and the features various carriers offer differ greatly and none is a one stop shop.  Apple needs to stop worrying about making the phone thinner and lighter, and rather add innovation back to the phone like inductive charging or an all day battery.

The iPhone 5 makes the iPhone 4 look like the original iPhone with its 4" Retina display, its powerful A6 dual-core proccesor, its brand new iOS 6 software and iCloud.Whats In The Box:iPhone 5 (Black or White)Apple EarPods with remote and microphoneAll New Lightning CableFingertipsDesign School:This amazing creation of Apple's has a 4" improved retina display, All new LTE service with ultrafast wireless, One of the fastest proccesors to date, the A6 chip, It has the phenomenal Siri on its side  and Facetime 3G or Wifi,Say Cheese:The iPhone 5 includes a 8 MP rear-facing camera and a 2 MP front-facing camera with 1080p HD video recording.

I absolutely love my iphone. I don't care what anybody says! Mac still has it and hopefully they don't mess up what steve jobs worked so hard on.

Its the best thing ever even though i don't have one it is awesome i play on my kids all the tine

I had to return this phone and get the HTC One. The little screen and the horrible screen full of icons. No at a glance information like widgets. Can't share to any apps except a couple. Can't do email attachements except pictures, lol. Can't switch to different type of keyboards like SwiftKey or Swype. The screen isn't even HD lol its only 640p when modern phones are 1080p. Horrible Maps program. Siri is gimmicky garbage which can't hold a candle to Google Now. The UI is just outdated and pathetic, why do I want rows of icons on my homescreen?? No live wallpapers. No NFC. I can go on and on and on as I only touched the surface of why this phone is pathetic. It boggles the mind that anyone would pick this phone over HTC One or S4 or even any mid to high end Android Phone. It is now officially embarassing to own an iphone. Don't buy this.

iPhone 5 is the best "smartphone" on the market. The Apple brand not only brings a professional quality to your life but also provides numerous outlets for support while allowing you to protect your information with free software updates and virus protection. The iPhone 5 has become one of the most well known phones and has made an impact, not only on the smartphone market, but also on everyday consumers that have purchased one. Once you have tried using the iPhone 5 it is easy to see why it has an edge on all of the other competitors. The numerous reasons why the iPhone 5 is so popular and common is because of the user friendly software and unique features that are preinstalled and the availability of almost anything your mind can imagine.The iCloud is a great feature included with the iPhone 5. The iCloud feature is part of the iOS software system that comes with your iPhone 5. You are able to also download iCloud on other Apple devices you own and can save and access any data uploaded to the Cloud from any of your devices. With iCloud your files are saved on Apple's servers which are similar to using an online e-mail, only you can save so much more than text documents. If you are using iCloud with your Apple devices then your information is automatically saved when you are in range of wi-fi services. The reason this is important is because if you accidentally delete a file you need you can go into iCloud and retrieve the file. This makes sure you don't have to worry about losing the information on your phone. With iCloud you can now save time and space on your devices without having to worry about tedious file transfers between your phone and your computer. Another option with iCloud is being able to have your music with you whenever you need it, no matter what Apple device you are currently on. When deciding if the Iphone 5 is the smart-phone for you iCloud is just one of the features that makes that decision easier.Another fantastic option the iPhone 5 offers is its panorama feature in the camera setting. Panorama is defined in many phrases such as, unbroken view, whole region, and wide view. It now allows the user to take multiple pictures and the iPhone will put it all together into one larger scaled photo. For example if you are taking a picture of a bridge and you want to capture the entire architecture, you can. When you open the camera application on the phone, select options and tap on "Panorama", once the setting has been applied you can take the entire picture. The option allows for you to scroll the phone left to right and as you do so the iPhone is taking multiple pictures and combining them into one large image.FaceTime is an amazing feature that is preinstalled on your iPhone 5, no need to set up a special account or screen name, which saves you time right from the beginning. The Facetime feature allows you to make video calls with anyone you choose and the iPhone's front facing camera allows for your friends and family to see you while you chat with them. Apple's software makes using the Facetime feature flow seamlessly with calls by allowing you to just tap a button while in a phone call and switching to Facetime. This feature can even be utilized in the corporate environment with conference calls, saving your company time and money. And now Facetime can be used anywhere, with Apple updating the app so that you can stream your video calls over your cellular service and are not limited to just using wi-fi. Features like Facetime can help add the finishing touch to your decision on purchasing an iPhone.In today's market there are so many choices with smartphones that it can be difficult to make a decision. When doing research on the top selling phones on the market the iPhone 5 stands out with more apps, features and overall performance. Other phones like the iPhone's leading competitor, the Samsung Galaxy S3 have some features that are not included with the Iphone 5. For starters, the Galaxy S3 has different software and therefore doesn't make you conform to Apple's unique methods of use. Also, some features, like the popular "S-beam", allows you to transfer files with the tap of your Galaxy S3 phone to another Galaxy S3 phone, which brings file sharing to a whole new level. While you can get this feature on your iPhone 5 with an app created to do this, some people like the convenience of having it pre-set and not having to worry about downloading an app.  Another feature that can be troublesome with the iPhone 5 is that the battery cannot be easily changed out for a new one when it does not hold a charge as well as it once did (and changing the battery voids your warranty). Phones like the Galaxy S3 do allow for the capability to change out their batteries so you can have consistent battery power when you need it.  The pros of the iPhone 5 seem to outweigh the cons of the Galaxy S3 but it all depends on what you want in a phone.

The phone arrived on time. Even though there's some scratches on the phone it 100% working! Thanks for the gift (iphone 5 casing) i really appreciate it :).

Apple's warrantee is worthless if you don't live near an Apple Store. The plug in charger for my iPhone 5 failed, the one that came with the phone. It is under warrantee for another month but have to bring the phone & charger into a store to get a replacement, 300 mile round trip. I'm sure Apple's cost for this unit is all of 7 cents. Bye bye Apple

Pro:The best phone !Fancy design.Light weight.Bigger Screen.Everything is better than 4S.Con:Pricy. You can get same one in ebay for $770.If you are T-mobile user --> You should get A1428 model ( Not A1429 model.).T-mobile will use ATT spectrum for LTE in the USA.If you get this model (A1429) for T-mobile, U will be stuck with 3G only!!!! Be aware!!!!!!!!

I've been an iPhone user for 4 years and have recommended the iphone to many people and converted almost everyone to it. First, the iPhone was top notch and it was not hard to explain to people why it was the best choice but these past two years I tell people that the iPhone may not have all the new features that the competitors are coming out with but it just works they way it should and does it very nicely but not any more.I've recently upgraded to the iphone 5 and have had nothing but problems. Gmail along with roadrunner and possibly other users be warned your email will no longer push to your phone using native mail app so if you care about getting your email (in my case work, university, and personal emails) do not expect to do it with the ease of the mail app. Something that happened in January but no one was alerted and you only find out by upgrading devices only to learn you cannot get your email like you used to. Guess that's the thanks I get for being a loyal customer.Also, if your notes happen to link with your gmail and you remove your gmail from the mail application, say goodbye to your notes, even new ones you add.Just an overall disappointing experience I guess. It's up to you, I still like Apple products but I have been extremely disappointed with Apple's lack of evolution and now instead of evolution I've found regression. And I have very little hope for the new "flatter design" supposedly coming in ios7. Who wants a flatter design? We want more function!Just a few things to consider before committing to Apple for any longer. I wish I had.I hope they pick themselves up and stop waisting so much time taking their competitors to court and start listening to the overwhelming cry for updates or they are going to meet the same fate as Blackberry and become a has-been in the smartphone world.

No problems at all its legit. Don't think too much about it just get it and you wont regret it.

When the iphone 5 came out for preorder i thought it was a must considering i am a huge fan of apple.Prior to my Iphone 5 i owned an iphone 4s like i said a huge fan of apple. Throught my year of owning this i experienced no problems. Yet with an IPhone 5 within the first month i faced multiple problems, my lock button refused to work so i went to apple returned it and they gave me a new one free of cost because my insurance covered it.This was now my second iphone 5, with this one i lost service constanstly, my phone would reset itself,and it wasnt as fast as my 4s was also wasnt as fast as it was presented to be. The lock button refused to work even at this point. i am now on my 3rd iphone 5 and have not yet faced any problems. if you were considering purchasing this i recommend a little more reseasrch and maybe just waiting on the new iphone to come out.

I was expecting this to be much more of an upgrade! I decided to give this phone to my grandma and get the galaxy s3

I got a white 16gb iPhone 5 for my wife who wanted the phone after all her friends had one. She absolutely loves the phone even though she is not a power or heavy user at all.I am taking off 1 star from the review mainly because of the screen size. We wish the screen was as big as the GS3 which is great for watching YouTube videos.

am not going into specs, yes hardware is important but you need a good OS and good apps to go along.iPhone 5 for me is the best smartphone in the market. however, for those who own iphone 4s i don't recommend getting the iphone 5. the difference is not worth the cost. but if you own other phone -including iphone4- then going to iphone 5 is worth it if you have the cash for it.hope i was helpfull

I had a lot of trouble buying that phone, when u read on the description parts , it said unlock but it wasn't

sorprendenete equipo buen procesador muy buenas graficas y la bateria no defrauda lo maximo en telefono.... iphone o nada.. punto

it was good ! it complied with all the characteristics  and quality i expected ..i liked it very much

The previous iPhones have a feature called GROUP MMS, which lets you send and receive all comments from a text sent to a group list.  But it would only work if both you and your friends had iPhones with the GROUP MMS feature turned on.With the new iPhone5, your recipients don't need to have GROUP MMS on for it to work!  They don't even need an iPhone - they're already in the chat!  Do you know what this means?This means that if you don't turn off your iPhone5's GROUP MMS setting, and I receive chat responses from you, I'm going to post your goddamn phone number all over Amway's 'Opportunity - Potential Customer' blogs.  I don't have unlimited texting on my phone, and if you start costing me money because you left the REPLY ALL setting on for your extended chat with my friend about cute things that your cat does, there will be hell to pay.

great phone. i love it its so much lighter than the 4s, and i love that i can share my i pad charger.

Great phone. I love the speed of the connection and Siri and the size of the display. Can't stop playing with it.

Everything is great with my new IPhone 5 except one thing ... I can't figure out how to take a photograph of my IPhone, with my IPhone.  I don't want to use a mirror because then everything will be backwards.  Each time I turn the IPhone towards itself to take its' photo, it turns out of the way.  It seems to have some sort of spatial problem I can't quite figure out, but it is very frustrating.  Is there an app for this?

Iphone 5 is the most expensive smartphone and no where near the best phone.  I think I would only get it if you are locked into apple's ecosystem and don't know how to get out.  Which is how apple gets away with making a mediocre phone and charging a high price.

The charger which accompanied this phone is faulty and its either it is not the rightful charger for this product or it just isnt working.  This charger neverrrrrrr worked a day since i receive the phone and i had to use my ipad charger. and now that i misplaced my ipad charger i have nothing to use and will have to expense myself and buy a charger for a phone that had all rights to have came with a working charger. THIS IS NOT SATISFACTORY AT ALL!!!!!!!

sin lugar a dudas el mejor telefono del mundo exelente por donde lo veas exelente, exelente, exelente, exelente, exelente, exelente, exelente, exelente, exelente, exelente, exelente,

Great phone, love it! Pics come out so nice much better than my old Iphone4s the color is great and so light weighted

I found this product as sent me different from what was advertised and therefore not suitable for my use. I ordered for a product capable of using any seam card but what I got from powerdictionary can only be used in America. I have since sent the package back using the post office but securely registered but have not been able to get a rinborsement of my money. I ask that this situation be remedied immediately before I take other actions. I cannot be made to pay for an error I am clearly not responsible.

Apple and AT&T; have very poor coordination on troubleshooting network issues with their product-in-partnership. After (3) 1-hour support sessions by telephone over a one-week period with no Internet services, I was told by AT&T; that a visit to the Apple store (lucky for me I live near one) would result in satisfaction by any means necessary. After spending an our in person there, and activating a replacement iPhone, apple told me they could do nothing further-- that they have no ability to interface with AT&T; to solve my problem.Separately:  I may have stepped up my taxation of batteries with more talk, text, data and wifi and bluetooth time, but I think I'm not the only one who finds this phone's battery unacceptable. The existence of slick protective case+battery integrated products tells you: you should buy this WITH the battery boost and compare apples-to-apples WITH a battery boost case. Is it handy and pocket-friendly WITH the boost? I've lived without a battery boosting case since purchase a 5 months ago, but I'm just about fed up with not getting through a day on this thing, and I'm certainly no yackety-yacker or web-browsing power-user or video junkie.Everything but the battery is great.

I lost my iphone a long time ago and loved it I can only imagine what there like now they look 10000x better cant wait to  buy the iphone 5s

this item was lock, even due I ask that I need an unlocked phone, the lock was from sprint and I especifficly  by mail that I need an unlock phone before the purchase

El tel&eacute;fono es perfecto, realmente de excelente calidad.El tel&eacute;fono funciona muy bien y vino liberado. Recomendado, muy buen negocio.

I thing I do not want to informe you about apple every one already know apply and iPhone 5 and what does it have

Product was ok.  Not sure it was worth $700.  Very user-friendly as with all Apple products.Check out my informative websitejongrayrapist.com

All good, excelent and very easy to work with, is light... i little large but great quality, great graphics, A1

I will recomend this product to my friends!!I will buy aother one of 64 mb to my sister next time.Thank you for your support!!see you

just the way i expected to be , brand new with everything, every thing works perfect factory unlocked as it was on description, just perfect

This is the first time I bought mobile phone in this shop. The iPhone 5 is as the same as the one I have bought at apple store. I think the service quality is very good. Good item and fast delivery. I love this cell phone.

Everything came the way described.Phone was in brand new box, never been opened.All accessories work in amazing condition

I am dissapointed somewhat. The long screen does not seem real. I preferred the wider one of other smart phones. Then itkeeps being heavy.

i got this phone for my mom after her previous iPhone got stolen she loves it, it really feels better in the hand and allot fasterthe camera is amazing

Iphone 5 does not work with nano sym card from movistar venezuela, Iphone is locked and does not work with my network

Works great. Have to update to the latest version else doesn't work. Comes unlocked by default. No issues so far..

This phone does not connect the wifi network. Even apple has released the update for this problem, nothing has changed. Problem still persist

I love it ! More than I expected.Works properly , I can use a new brand parking program with my location detection.

THIS PHONE IS NOT ORIGINAL, NOT IPHONESERIAL NO PHONE IN YOUR CASING.THE MICROPHONE DOES NOT WORK, ONE WEEK ONLY SERVED WHEN RECEIVED FROM TIME NOT WORKEDTHEREFORE NEED THE RETURN MY MONEY

Hi there, this is a review from a 22 year old tech enthusiast. The review is quite long, but I have organized them into separate categories, so you don't have to read the whole thing. Here's a little about myself.I am a computer science major, and have always been an Android fan. I've owned:-Nexus 4-Galaxy Nexus-Samsung Galaxy s2-Samsung Note-HTC Amaze-HTC Sensation-HTC Radar-HTC 8x-Many other older modelsNeedless to say, I have had a lot of experience of all three mobile OSes. I am very enthusiastic about tech, always swapping phones, always looking for that perfect phone. I own a macbook air and a custom built gaming desktop PC.Why I chose the iPhone over the HTC One and S4:I am under my stepdad's family plan, so when it was time to upgrade, I had to choose between the HTC One, S4, and iPhone 5. I always thought I would choose the HTC One when it first came out. However, I chose the iPhone 5 mainly because I wanted something new to try. I know that the HTC One and s4 are both great options, but they did not feel like a significant upgrade from a Nexus 4 (which I love). In fact, they seemed slower than the Nexus 4 in everyday tasks (most likely from fragmentation from HTC/Samsung overlays AND carrier apps). The HTC One has much better hardware than the Nexus 4, but there is a definitely lag in the OS due to the fragmentation. Samsung S4 does a much better job with their software, but I hate their plastic feel. IMHO, I like the overall package that the Nexus 4 gives you, which is high quality in both software and hardware. So because I felt my Nexus 4 is better than both the One and S4, I decided to try out the iPhone 5.What I think of Android:I absolutely love the Nexus 4 and the Galaxy Nexus, but I HATE every other Android phones. The fragmentation just makes the entire experience a chore. I spent so much time installing custom mods. Most of the phones had major shortcomings (no/late updates, battery life, intense lag, etc). To fix the software shortcomings, you would have to know how to mod, then research the best mods for you specific phone model, and update the mods when the "cook" for the mod release a new version. Furthermore, the mods you install would oftentimes have bugs of it's own. It just seems in order to enjoy non-Nexus android phones, you have to be willing to spend the time on the phone. To me, that's bull****. I don't want to spend time on a phone, I have other stuff to do. A phone should make your life simpler, not the other way around. Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love the Nexus 4, the only shortcoming I see it having is it doesn't have LTE and the glass back cracks easily. I'm not bashing on android, in fact there are a lot of things in android that I love which I can't do in iOS (torrents and file management to name a couple). Android also syncs well with both PC and Mac because of the file management system, and that most of its information is stored in the cloud. But the main idea here is that Android is cluttered with too many information and overlay skins (except for the Nexus phones), major drawbacks (whether it be software or hardware), and complicated. Nexus phones on the other hand, ha great hardware and software. No overlay skins or carrier apps, just pure android. Simple. If you like android, get a Nexus device.What I think of Windows Phone 8:Two words. Too young. The apps are noticeable worse than the Android and iOS counterparts. The Youtube app was downright frustrating to use. I think Microsoft is going in the right direction, giving the PC and phone a similar feel and integrating them together, but as of right now, they are still behind the curve. It syncs well with Windows 8 PC, so it is simple to use, but the apps right now are simply trash. Windows Phone feels more like iOS than android because they made it very simple to use and also limiting.What I think of iOS:Simplicity. Sometimes a little too simple (simple wifi toggles are impossible, will change in iOS 7). To an advanced user like me, it also feels constricted. I can't just drag a movie file into the iphone, I have to convert the movie file into a file that iTunes accept, then sync iTunes with iPhone. However, I do think iTunes is a pro because it is kind of like the command center of your iOS devices, where everything is located in one location, something I wish Google will work on. iOS is also very fluid. It is noticeable more fluid than the HTC One and S4, but less so with the Nexus 4. But mainly, the feeling you get with iOS is simplicity. For example, let's look at the camera app. It doesn't give you as many options as the HTC One camera app, but that's just how I like it. The options the iPhone camera let you change are the options I actually understand, I have no idea most of what the HTC One camera option even do. This can relate to almost everything on iOS. It doesn't give you a lot of options, which equates to less clutter. The options they give you are options you understand and actually use. Simple simple simple. iOS also syncs very well with other Apple products, and decently well with Windows PC through iTunes.iPhone 5 vs Nexus 4 (HARDWARE only):I'll be comparing the iPhone 5 to my favorite phone of all time (yes even more than the HTC One as explained above), Nexus 4. The iPhone have a better quality screen, better camera, better speakers, better built quality, slightly better battery life, LTE support, better call quality (3 mikes), physical camera button (volume up). The Nexus 4 have better grips, smoother touchscreen (slippery), bigger screen, faster processor and more RAM (though that doesn't matter in real life), smaller bezel. The screen is smaller on the iPhone, which many see as a con, but I know that my girlfriend actually prefers a smaller screen because she likes smaller phones (more pocketable...her words). I also enjoy having a change of pace with the smaller display, I can actually operate the phone with one hand, and it's a lot less noticeable in my pocket. In general, the iPhone 5 is better hardware-wise.iPhone 5 vs Nexus 4 (SOFTWARE only):A lot of the shortcomings for Android phones are not on the Nexus 4. The Nexus 4 is always updated with the latest software from Google, and it's super fluid. It doesn't have any HTC/Samsung/Motorola overlays, or carrier-forced apps. Most importantly, pure android feels simple. Something Google needs to work on is something similar to iTunes, a central program that keeps all the data of your phone and organizes them in a computer. I also absolutely LOVE the software "back, home, menu" buttons. This is absolutely genius when the first introduced it on the Galaxy Nexus. This allows the phone to give you a wider screen real-estate when you watch videos, and allowing the phone to have a smaller bezel. iOS on the other hand feels even simpler, sometimes to a fault. Like I said earlier, transferring movies onto the iPhone seems like a chore, but it does stay in the iTunes library for the future, so it's not too bad. Apple's multitasking can be oftentimes more limiting than android, but it does save battery life. I am a very big supporter of Apple's hardware and software optimization. Apple makes most of their hardware and all of their software, and they do it in a way that makes them work so well together. The iphone 5's power is probably half as powerful as the Nexus 4 spec-wise, but it runs as fluid if not more fluid than the Nexus 4. Siri versus Google Now is also something to compare, but to me they are both great options (much better than s-voice at least). Overall, android on the Nexus 4 has a slight advantage over iOS in my opinion, but iOS is more simpler and organized.  This really depends on personal preference.iPhone 5 Impressions:After using the phone for about a week, I have not had any major issues or see any major drawbacks. The phone is simple and problem free. This is in no way of saying the iPhone is perfect, it's far from it. With my previous phones (excluding Nexus 4), I've always found major drawbacks that I simply can't live with, which explains why I switched phones so many times until I got the Nexus 4, which I've stayed with for the longest. The iPhone provides fantastic and beautiful hardware, optimized and simple software, and wraps them up together into a great experience. I also know that they will keep me updated with the latest softwares, unlike non-Nexus android phones. The limitations on iOS does give me some issues as an advanced user, BUT honestly, it doesn't bother me that much, simply because I don't do many advanced things on my phone anyways. The screen is a change of pace to me also, but I do enjoy using the phone in one hand, it's a much better fit. To me, Apple gives me the impression that it doesn't do anything perfectly, but it does do everything very very well.Conclusion:Do I recommend the iPhone 5? Well, how much money do you have? If money is not an issue, go for it. If money is an issue, buy the Nexus 4. Both phones will give you a great experience. Buy the HTC One or S4 if you absolutely want a 1080p display and LTE and hate the limitations of iOS, but just know their software updates are usually months late, and sometimes will never come, and you will have a very cluttered experience. Don't buy a Windows 8 phone unless you have a very specific reason to do so.I know of the Android vs iOS flame war that goes on even today, but it really boils down to personal preference. I've been on the Android ship for a long time, because Android allows me to do more stuff on my phone. But now that I've used so many different phones, I realize I don't use my phone to do anything advanced, I save that stuff for my computer. I realize I need a phone that doesn't need me to provide maintenance and troubleshoot. I need a phone that simplifies my life. I need a phone that does everything well. Both the iPhone 5 and Nexus 4 does it. Simplicity sells, and that is one thing that Apple and Google understands. Samsung and HTC has much to learn.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATE:After using the iPhone for a little longer, I can say that there are some gripes I have against it, but also some positives.CONS:-Most of my complaints stems from the lack of file management. For example I can't download a file from my email, only view it.-I miss swype-Watching videos on a 4-inch screen does seem constricting at first, but I got used to it.-When using android, there usually is always a setting I can find that would solve whatever that's bothering me, whether it's an android setting or app setting. On iOS, many times I can't find those settings.-Android notifications seem better.PROS:-I thought my Nexus 4 had a beautiful screen, but after using the iPhone 5 and going back to the Nexus 4 to try it out, I find the Nexus 4's color washed out and inaccurate. The iPhone 5 has a gorgeous screen. Nexus 4 also seems super fat now lol.-iTunes keeps me organized, and also backs my iPhone's data up. Nice to see coming from android.-The size of the iPhone really does feel great in one hand. Most of the 4.7"+ android phones feel constricting simply because you need both your hands free to do most tasks, especially on the Galaxy Notes.-The "reader" feature on Safari is fantastic-The "do not disturb" feature is more useful than I thought.-Once again, the iPhone reiterates to me that it doesn't do anything perfectly, but it does everything well.ADDITIONAL THOUGHTS:Google just added the HTC One and S4 Google Edition phones on their Play Store. To summarize, both are running pure android, thus I think they're better. HOWEVER, because Google wasn't the one who made the hardware for these phones, the pure android software isn't optimized on the phones yet. For example, most tasks seem faster on the skinned version of the phones. The IR Blaster on the HTC One also doesn't work as of right now. Small things like this makes me hesitant to pay $600 for them right now. I rather wait for the next Nexus device.

I have just switched from an Android to what my daughter calls 'a proper phone'!  I am so glad I did.  I love my iPhone 5.  It is so very easy to use and travel through.  Sorry I waited so long to get one!  Anyone thinking of getting one GO AHEAD

Had my phone for a while now and works amazingly well. I am extremely happy with my purchase. thanks again

i love my phone a lot but after about a year, it started dying at around 20%. now it dies even at 40% and it's extremely frustrating

I loved it! :) the device was perfect... It works nicely in Venezuela! I highly recommend it for people living in my country!

The iPhone itself is fine but the keyboard is so small I have to type in every password 7-10 times to get them right.Even Wozniak backs me up here.Very poor design from Apple.

THE PRODUCT CAME IN AS INDIQUICADO PEREFCTO TLEFENO BUT HAVE DEFECTS, NOT LISTEN WELL. PRESENTING PROBLEM...  WANT TO TAKE A WARRANTY

New Features:Everyone knows it's lighter and slimmer. Some love it, some think it makes it feel cheap. I carry my phone when I go biking, walking, or running, so I for one welcome the new design. I think the favorite thing for me about the new screen is that it can display an extra row of icons, which means your folders can fit more, and you can have more on one screen. I like to keep everything fitting on one page right there for me to access. The screen is brighter, and color saturation is noticeably better, blacks are blacker, colors are more rich. The phone has LTE which means it will connect to networks faster, and it has 3 microphones, and noise canceling for better audio. The new earbuds are improved (mostly in design, not sound quality) I do wish it came in more colors, but black and white are essential choices, and will do. Hopefully they will bring out more choices, at least Red and Silver.OS/Interface:This is the iOS you know and love. Fundamentally the same, but with new features (Siri, Panoramic Photos, Facetime over 3G) Some people complain that it hasn't changed enough since the first iPhone. It's essentially quite simple, which is the aesthetic that defines Apple. How much has OSX changed in the past 7 years? Not much either. If one wanted to change the style of the icons and fonts, they do have the option to jailbreak. What I like about iOS is that there's only as many menus as there needs to be. With Android you will see redundant menus, and see settings more than once in several menus. Also I was peeved by the back button and the way it serves a different purpose depending on the context. Will pressing it take you back to the apps main menu? Or will it close the app? I dont know! Press it and find out! The fact that they made the iPhone work fundamentally with just the one home button is a feat of itself. Widgets are cool to have, but I always ended up disabling them to conserve battery life and cut down cpu/ram usage. The notification menu, and icon badges suffice for quick indications.Apps:While both Android and iOS have far more apps than any human could sample in a lifetime, what matters most is quality, not quantity. iPhone has all of the best apps at its disposal, many of which do not exist on Android. Games like Infinity Blade II, SF Volt, Chinatown Wars, Fairway Solitaire, music apps like Animoog, DM1, iKaossilator, and Rebirth, and essential apps like iTunes U, Pages, and iMovie. When I switched to Android, I found that there were a lot of great apps I missed that were not on Google Play store. Since i've switched back to iPhone 5, I did not notice any key apps that are on Android but not on iOS.Performance:The first thing I noticed on this new model is how snappy everything is. Tasks are executed fast. Launching apps, pages loading, switching through menus, it does it in a breeze. iOS runs smoothly because it's coded in C, while Android is coded in Java, which has a lot of inefficiencies. I've heard people complain of laggy performance even on the new S4. I believe the overhead of Android's coding is creating a bottleneck, which is why even with a quad core snapdragon, you can still have performance issues. Software is just as important, if not more important, than the hardware. My SamsUniversal Content/Sharing:I have an iPad, and iMac. If I play a game of Vice City on my iPad, I can continue on the same save on my iPhone when I leave my house. If I made a note with some important info on my iMac, i'll have it on my iPad to refer to, no 3rd party apps needed. If I purchase a universal game, I get it on my phone and tablet. If I am having a text conversation with a friend on my iPhone, I can continue on any other device and see all previous messages. Photos and videos are shared among all the devices as well. I also like that I can facetime with all my friends and family who have an iOS device. When I had an Android phone, I couldn't get everyone to create Skype accounts and get the app.Reliability/Warranty:The iPhone has been smooth sailing. With the two Android phones, I had a handful of issues. The phone would often freeze, and I would have to restart. Icons would disappear. Keyboard input lagged. Screen brightness would adjust itself, even though auto brightness was shut off. The only thing i've experienced is the occasional app crashing, which is often the coding of the app itself, not necessarily an iPhone issue.I like knowing that if I have an issue with the phone, I can go to my local Apple store, and they will either fix it, or replace it with a new one there on the spot. With other manufacturers, they either contract their repairs to a 3rd party business, or they require you to go through the RMA process, ship the phone to them, which can take weeks. If you have an issue that can be resolved over the phone, you will be surprised when you call Apple support and have your call answered by a human being, who's a native english speaker from the United States.Other:Being a musician, I like that you have the ability to plug in an instrument (guitar, piano, bass) and use recording, modeling, and effects apps, this opens you up to a whole world of music production. One of the deal breakers with Android is that you can't connect a music instrument due to the latency inherent in the software (maybe this will be resolved in the future). This means apps like GarageBand, Ampkit, Amplitube, JamUP, Nano Studio, are not possible on Android.I also like the aluminum body, and the distinction that it's currently the only phone that's not plastic. The HTC One claims to, but it's actually an overlay, fused with plastic. Another thing I appreciate is the lack of bloatware. iPhones come with a higher percentage of free space than Android phones, and considering that some of the new Android phones don't have SD card slots, it's significant. Some of them even have 7GB of used space out of the box. Also, Apple products have the highest resale value of any brand. If you do end up deciding to sell your phone in the future, you will get more for it.Drawbacks:Screen is smaller than the competing phonesNo SD card slot for expanding storageCamera not equal to some of the other top phonesSpeakers pointing down is not a good designApple Maps still has issuesBattery life could be better (like all smartphones)Design could benefit from a refreshAlso iOS does not have a lot of the software features that the new Android versions have. Some of these features are useful, some of them are more of a novelty that look good on paper, and some you will probably never use. But it's nice to have these options. Being able to choose a different default browser, using hand gestures for phone functions, being able to do multiple attachments for emails, these are the more useful ones.Summary:This phone is what is best for me, but not everyone of course. We all have different tastes, preferences, and uses. For me, it's the integration with my iPad, and iMac, the integration with my friends and family who have iOS devices, and it is the ability to plug in an instrument for practicing, sketching songwriting ideas, and recording riffs. Also, i'm a semi avid gamer, and having access to the best library of games is significant to me. I also value simplicity, reliability, and smooth performance, over options suited for "power users". In my humble opinion, iOS is a better experience for me. With the past 2 Android phones, I would get enticed by a new model, enjoy them for a 1-2 month honeymoon period, grow disillusioned by it's shortcomings, then go back to an iPhone. I need to stop doing that, as it's not very cheap!Lastly, I think everyone should try both, before deciding on what platform is best for them. With that said, the iPhone 5 is a good place to start.

The most overated and overpriced pice of technology, get a Samsung Galaxy s4 far better and cheaper than this ripoff.

It arrive as advertised, open box with al extras, a few minor scratches at de edge, but none of the serious.

My first impression of the Iphone 5 when opening the box was &#34;what's the difference&#34; compared to the 4s. But in the first 5 seconds. I fell in love with it.  The screen is beautiful and the the phone is so fluid.  The size is perfect. It's like the best of both worlds combining size and weight.  Talk about light weight, I could put it in the same pocket as my wallet and feel no difference ( I usually have a wallet pocket and a phone pocket). I live in the Bahamas so we only have 3g.  This phone grabs at 3g, there is a big difference in speed compared to my 4s. I have tried the Samsung galaxy S3,and got tired of it after 20 minutes.  I just don't like Android It's so hard to take seriously compared to apple ios, like a bad imitation. The size of screen is most perfect. It's true apple did put  a lot of thought into it. Lastly speed, this phone is super fast in every way from internet, wifi, games. I mean you could sit down and watch the the phone charge to 100% in i think 10-15 minutes or less. The phone is a great investment. You wont be sorry.

I've owned an iPhone 3G (scratches easily), iPhone 4 (a game changer), and an iPhone 5. Before anyone thinks I'm an Apple fanboy, I'm not. I found iOS to be restrictive and difficult to customize without jailbreaking it, so I sold my iPhone 4 and bought one of the best Android phones at the time - a Samsung Galaxy S2 (which started having hardware/software problems about a year later). The iPhone 5 has features that ultimately trump all other phones out there on the market, and it's pros far outweigh its cons.The iPhone 5 is by far the most reliable phone I've ever owned. The hardware is second to none. The glass on the front is strong enough that I've never used a screen protector on it. I've thrown it in a bag with other electronics and I never had to worry about the face of the phone getting scratched, as long as you don't put it in your pocket with sharp objects like a bunch of keys and  play rugby. However, you'll need a cover for the back of the phone because it may still get scratched when you place it on a table and push it across the surface. You'll also need to take care of the camera lens because that may get scratched unlike the glass on the front.I've dropped all of my iPhones every now and then, but they all continued to work well afterwards. With the iPhone 5, I dropped it several times from waist level onto hard tiles and the worst result was a barely noticeable dent in the aluminum on the side of the phone, but otherwise this thing is build like a brick. I've never had a problems with the battery or anything rattling on the inside of the phone after damaging it, iOS never skipped a beat. The hardware rather than the software is what brings me back to Apple. I can't say that about the cheap, plastic and brittle hardware of Android phones (in my experience, the plastic chips easily, the camera is very sensitive to shocks, and the software will go crazy like rebooting on its own at random times). You won't need to buy replacement parts that are outrageously expensive (i.e. a genuine Samsung battery cover made of thin plastic will blow your mind). The screen resolution continues to be clear, crisp, bright, and hands down better than any Android phone.Consumers may be purchasing bigger phones including near iPad size phablets, but I commend Apple to sticking to its guns on keeping the size phone relatively the same. With bigger phones like the Samsung Note 2, you'll have to use both hands to make selections on the screen, especially if you need to tap something on the far edge of the screen. With the iPhone 5, you don't need humongous hands or Slender Man fingers to navigate the screen. It fits perfectly in your palm and fits in any pocket easily compared to the bigger phones out there.I have to say that iOS copied some of its improvements from Android to make it better and there is still room to improve. You can't customize settings shortcuts and trying to turn a feature on or off feels like you have to navigate through a maze of menu choices until you finally get to where you want to be. You can place a bunch of apps in a folder but only the first 9 apps are visible unless you open the folder and swipe around. Apple continues to have the best apps available through the app store.Another downside is the fact that you have to buy authorized 3rd party charging docks/cables in order to charge the phone. I've had some cheap but reliable charging cords that I bought online, but those failed to work when news broke of a consumer's phone exploding (or was it burning?) after overcharging it with an unlicensed 3rd party accessory. Authorized aftermarket accessories tend to be less competitively priced and are priced toward the more expensive end.All in all, the iPhone 5 continues to be one, if not the best, of all the smartphones out there today.

Locked or unlocked, while this iPhone has neat features and contents, it is made much cheaper than previous models.  I can go into detail about that, but first I need to mention that while the first few generations of the phone had a decent battery life of up to several days, even a week, this phone will give you about 12 to 16 HOURS, and that's without making calls or using data and apps.  You must carry your charging cable with you at all times or you will be faced without having a phone, per say.  In addition to that, the battery is not chargeable on its own, in other words, you cannot swap a battery and use one while the other sits and charges, in this day where android phones do provide such solutions for the "on the go" person that uses their phone as a business tool, this is just too hindering.So while the phone is neat and sharp, without a competitive battery life, it's useless.  And trust me, it will become frustrating over time.Another thing that has changed from earlier models, is the strength of the screen, which is now very sensitive and bound to split or shatter by means of even light impacts or pressure, such as having the phone inside your pocket or purse.

Not uplook, but other fine. Not not not, recommend, the products because the software dont are uplook in my country

I am from Venezuela, I had a bad experience when I bought an iPhone 3GS in Amazon two years ago because it read UNLOCKED on the description, but it was not, then I had to pay in the country to unlock it, so I was afraid to get another iPhone with the same problem.I received the iPhone and it works perfectly in Venezuela, I activated it with a SIM card from Digitel (Venezuelan carrier) and it works smoothly. Do not be afraid if you want a FACTORY UNLOCKED iPhone because this is what you will get.

DON'T BUY PRODUCTS IN THIS STORE. I BOUGHT AN IPHONE 5 AND IT DOESN'T WORK. YOU WILL LOSE YOUR MONEY, THEY DON'T CHANGE THE PRODUCT NOR PAY BACK THE MONEY.NO COMPREN PRODUCTOS EN ESTA TIENDA. COMPRE UNA IPHONE 5 Y VINO MALO, PERDERAN SU DINERO. NO SE HACEN RESPONZABLE POR DA&Ntilde;OS QUE PRESENTE EL EQUIPO.

I love this phone, is that Apple is already considered quality I have in my hands, the user experience and try to open it for the first time is exciting to recommend to all

Yes! I live in Brazil, and this product is to much expensive here. a friendy, who lives in USA brought to me!It was a gift! My husband's birthday!Thank youBest

They have mentioned it as the NEW mobile but it looks like a used one. I dont know why they are marketting to people as if it is a new product.

This phone is unable to be used in the US because it is blackmarketed and was stolen. Not unlocked. Dissatisfied.

I had to return this item (dead phone). Trouble with dead phone just after using it (not even a month).

My headline pretty much sums up my review.  This IS a great phone. Don't get me wrong.  The 2-star rating isn't because it's a bad phone.  It's because Apple basically did nothing to upgrade the 4S other than making it a pubic hair faster and re-designing it a bit to be slightly longer and lighter.  That's it.  The 4S is a great phone, the iPhone 5 is also great, but maybe, what, 2% better than the 4S? It's not worth it to upgrade, unless you have an iPhone 3 or something.Apple is a multi-billion dollar corporation for a reason.  They're brilliant.  They could have EASILY have given us tons of additional features that they have in their arsenal, but decided that enough people would buy the iPhone 5, based on the new design alone.  The major hardware upgrades will come with the 5S next year, when we'll see a 12 megapixel camera, and various other big-time upgrades.  And guess what?  People who bought the 5 will immediately buy the 5S, because this one will actually have "must have" features.  Apple's marketing and the way they mind-F their customers is absolutely brilliant.  I'm not saying it's a bad thing -- it's genius.If you have a 4S, you're a sucker for getting the 5, bottom line.  Shame on you if you already did.  Thankfully, my wife got the 5 (upgraded from a 3, that was literally falling apart), so I have had plenty of time to play around with it and form an opinion.  I will be keeping my 4S until the 5S comes out, probably this upcoming fall, and I'm sure the 5S will be revolutionary.

meet my expectation,  good , thanks! in order to protect its screen , I buy a Iphone case. If you match a case with this ipone, i think it will be more convenient to the customers, as would save the time to select and buy the case.

I had never tried an Apple product until about a year ago when I was playing on a friend's iPad. I was so impressed I bought my own iPad 2 when the price dropped. Since then I've not looked back. I now own 4 Apple products.OK ... now the iPhone. I bought a 64 GB iPhone in Black. I highly suggest most people buy one with more that 16 GB memory. See my cons section below. I have never really loved a cell phone until now. I can't say enough good about the iPhone 5. It really is an amazing device.Pros: Apps. Apps. Apps. I bank on my phone, I buy stock on my phone, I read my e-mail on my phone, I track my running with my phone, I pay for my Starbucks Coffee with my phone ... all via the large array of excellent apps. Ease of use. Everything syncs with my iPad seamlessly. Wow. My old Andriod phone was regularly locking up. Audio Books. I check them out from my library via an app (Over Drive Media) and play them through my car speakers via Ford Sync.Cons: The price. Apple makes a lot of money on these phones, but that just means consumers have to pay more.Memory. 16 GB isn't enough when you consider the iOS uses some of that space. Then add your apps and you have limited room for music, audiobooks and such. As I mentioned, I got a 64 GB, but that goes back to the price issue.Screen Size. Sorry Apple, but you are a little behind on this one. I look forward to a 5" iPhone someday ...Even with the cons I still say the iPhone 5 deserves five stars.

honestly, it is not my cup of coffee. i just cant like touchscreen phones. they do what you really do not want from them.

Simply Unacceptable . You order a new phone, you receive a used one. Missing charger. I guess it is worth going on a store, pay and get what you pay for.

My wife was speechless when the item arrived. She totally loved it. She replace her Samsung Note2 for this i phone 5. No regrets at all.

I had all the iphone since the 2g and this model is the best, fast and easy to use, incredible screen, fast pics, HD video... Great. Just love it...

I really like this phone, also do not have what problem, is very good-looking.Hope next time I can buy some to send friends

I preordered 2 iphones, a black one for me and a white one for my sister-in-law. The white one arrived at the store first so I went to pick it up. Played with it for about an hour and it was enough for me to go back to sprint and cancel mine (went on and got the GS3). Gave it 2 stars for its design but there's no way in hell the iphone is better than the GS3. All you iphone users have been brainwashed by apple. By the way...you better buy insurance on the iphone because if you don't, apple just stick it up your rear end again. A broken screen will cost you $225 at the apple store.

I am very happy to have bought this phone from Amazon and the service rendered from the seller is excellent. Phone quality is perfect as new though I bought an used one. Care to their customers is something a key strategy the seller has followed. I would like to deal again with the same group in near future and recommend to others highly. Thank you.

I'm very satisfied with my purchase, the item in great condition almost as new I love it I'll recommend to all my friends

IPhone in my opinion will always remain to be the market leader in smartphone.The apple software is unbeatable.The super camera the galore of incredible apparently and the super quality using makes it the best smartphone by miles

This is 1429 model and USA official model is 1428 model MD294LL/A with band LTE 4 and 17 works in USA and outside.

I bought this phone unlocked for my wife to use in Bahrain, Saudi Arabia and the Philippines with local sim cards. However it does not work in any of these countries. This is false adverstisment...the phone is locked!!

I didn't buy from amazon I bought it from apple store pick up. Now here's my view I upgraded from iPhone 3GS so it was worth it 1. Lte loaded faster than my wifi 2. Amazing camera trust me just amazing 3. Better battery unless you use lte I played on this phone lasted longer than my old phone NOT BIG FAN OF HOW APPLE JUST INCREASED THE LENGTH of the phone could have made it wider too. That being said if you are on iPhone 4 or 4s especially 4s do not upgrade. Not worth it another thing I wonder why apple price their phone high I could get a windows laptop at that unlocked price

I love my iPhone. It was perfectly closed and it was really new. It's trulysecure to buy it in this page.

Changing from an android to Apple is different but I like it . The phone is good just wish it would've come with EarPods and charger.

Great improvement from iphone 4. Great design and quality. I'm giving it 5 stars because it worths it.It's much easier to use than android phone. I heard it's fragile, but it seems fine now after having fell on the floor from my bed for many times.

This phone is absolutely unacceptable. I would've given this phone 0 stars but I cant.It has very poor quality and cant do any of my expectations. IT IS PLAIN OLD BAD!!I recently purchased the Nokia Lumia 920 from the Microsoft CompanyStore because of this unappealing phone and it is great! for less then halfthe cost I love this phone. It has a nice big screen and a BIG app storeand I can access my email better. I would NEVER recommend this phone. Just bad!!!!

Very happy with my iphone.  The photos are excellent, no surprises, this is my second Apple iphone and I don't see anything that it would make me change brands.

this is the best smartphone ever made.can i use this product with Turkish GSM company's which are Turkcell, Vodafone or avea in turkey ?

I will never be dependent of na Apple product or any other company which obliges me to do somethiing through a specific way. Nokia sells more cellphones than the other four major brands combined. I particularly own na HTC, but will switch to Nokia soon.However, teenagers are so into fashion and so ignorant regarding technology, all they want is to have what they think most people have, thus, the reason I bought the Iphone for her, who now is starting to realize the few issues with Apple's OS.

The iphone 5 is  good and all but I really do think that the iphone 4s is the same. So I recommend you save your money and buy an Iphone 4s. Other people might think differently but this is what I think. Hope I helped you with my review. bye.

Easily my most treasured purchase on Amazon to date.  the phone was beautiful from the moment I opened the box.  the phone was and still is in impeccable condition.

After flip-flopping between all major mobile electronics OS's I have come to love iOS. The design of the system is not perfect, but nonetheless it gets the job done quickly and without hassle. In a mobile communications device you expect two main things, one of which is consistency in operation. My iphone 5 does that well, If i need to make a phone call it gives me ways to do that quickly. Even while im in a call the options to hold, remind, and merge calls is fantastic. Simple tasks that i felt android and blackberry made too difficult. On the hardware side of things my iphone can handle most multimedia applications with no problem, and the retina screen makes them that much more enjoyable. Some say that the OS is restrictive, that is true but with restriction you gain consistency and the peace of mind knowing things that are meant for the iphone will just work. Apple has come a long way from the original iphone that lacked even MMS. With iMessage, your messages are synced across iDevices and make for sms between iDevices flawless. Except, when the service is down, which has happened several times over the past few months. Even with this the iphone can switch to regular text messaging. The camera on the iphone is nice, still doesnt replace a dedicated camera, but for something that you put in your pocket, it does the job really well. My only gripe would be the materials used to manufacture the 5. The anodized aluminum is prone to scratching and necessitates a case. I got mine from amazon for only $9. And it only adds ~4mm of thickness and my iphone looks brand new after a little over 2 months of constant use. Battery life is acceptable, putting my late Epic 4g to shame by lasting a constant 18-20 hours on a single charge with an average of 7-8hrs of constant use. Overall i give this phone 4 out of 5 stars as the material it is made with is prone to scratching, but honestly that is my only gripe.

I've had this one less than a year and in that time the ability to use wifi and bluetooth have grayed out and now its completely dead.  No amount of restores will work and Apple just shrugs their shoulders. I'm now switching to something else.  Never again will I buy an Iphone.

I love this iphone, light, fast and the color was a great choice.The only thing i think it would be better is the .... I'm joking. is perfect!

I am not an apple fun or something.but I can honestly say that Apple makes great products.just too pricey......

Hello, I live in Panama City, Panama and I would like to know if I buy the unlocked Iphone 5 online in the Apple Store will it work with the carriers here in Panama or I will have to pay a local store to get it unlocked or how does this works? What I mean: the phone is unlocked for carriers in the US or for any carrier in the world no matter in what country you are? HELP ME pleasee!!!

THE IPHONE COMES VERY FAST ABOUT 4 DAYS!THANKS! I LOVE THIS PHONE!I REALLY RECOMEND YOU  FOR BE SO RESPONSIBLE .THE IPHONE COMES INTACT IN HIS FACTORY CASE.

Don't Buy IPhones from Amazon.com. Their resellers say that Iphone are unlocked, BUT IT IS A LIE!!!!. I've spent 700 dollars on a locked Iphone that they sold as unlocked.Completely disappointed with Amazon.com. DO NOT BUY IT. GO TO A APPLE STORE AND BUY THE DEVICE YOU WANT.

I ordered the product on 9/6, it supposed to be 1 or 2 days delivery, after 5 days, I still didn't have it, so I started to email the seller, finally he sent me the tracking number on 9/12, and when I log in USPS, it is not valid number. I told them I want to cancel the order, but they kept saying be patient, you will have it. I was planning to bring it to New York as a gift on 9/14, when I flew to New York for family reunion, of course the phone never made it. When we got home Sunday, there was a box between my front glass door and metal door, when I opened the Amazon box, the Iphone box was cut open, there was no phone! Now they are telling me, according to their Amazon record, the box was sent with proper weight, the phone should be in there, they refuse to refund me the money. SO, I have no choice but to contact BBB and my credit card company. It was $650 product. How can you just let me pay for it and without sending me the product! I have buying stuff from amazon almost every week. It is unbelievable. I will not let this go till I have my money back.

the best phone ever.. so good.. i love it.. if you want an efficient smartphone think in iphone.. you can do everything, i manage all my life with my iphone..

This was a situation of not ordering the correct Apple iPhone device for use with my specific provider...a lesson well-learned.

I was scared to buy this at first because i looked at all the reviews but i got it in time, when i opened it, it was completely fine. I looked to check if anything was missing. The only i suspect was missing was the little book they usually give you with all the information on how to start it and how the phone works. That was the only thing i didnt find as far as i know. That scared me but the phone turned on. Then i put the sim in the phone and it didnt work so i got scared that it wasnt an unlocked phone and i had been tricked but once i showed my family, they told me that there was a little platic paper in the sim hole and it wouldnt work till i pulled it out. after that was smooth sailing. The phone works perfectly :)

it is not a brand new, the iphone was used!  the estimated Expiration Date: February 14, 2014, it means the iphone activated on February 14, 2013.

I went to an internet service provider store yesterday to look at the iPhone 5 with the ultimate intention of buying one.  I checked what I was told there with a Mac Mall store.  Here is what I discovered.  A chain is only as strong as it weakest link.  What is the weakest link in a cell phone?  The battery.  We know it will last about two years, at which time it must be replaced.  You cannot replace an iPhone battery.  The battery is an intragral part of the phone.  This is also true with other smart phone brands.  So, when the battery is dead, the phone is dead. It's junk.  I was told by the Mac Mall store employee that Apple does not replace iPhone batteries.  Your only option is to get a new phone.  They also told me that if I could find a battery they would replace it.  I asked where I might find one.  They had no idea.  There are apparently no after market batteries for even the 4.  As I said this situation is also true for other smart phone brands.  So, the bottom line is, iPhones and others, are really very expensive disposble phones.I'm buying a Samsung.  You can replace the battery.If this story doesn't bother you, than enjoy your new disposable smart phone.  Every two years.  Maybe there's something to be said for that if you like new things.

This phone is very simple & anyone can use it. It's very fun with all the apps it has & can have you on it for hours!I would definelty recommend this to everyone & my whole family has an iPhone.

I love the phoneis the best phone I've had , and arrived in perfect conditionsI have no complaints

This phone is not unlock I been dealing with the ATT people for over a week and still fighting with them, like I said THIS PHONE IS LOCK don't waste your $$ and time.

Since my Samsung Galaxy S3 died, I decided to try with the iPhone. What can I say? I'm now an Apple fanboy.

delivery was quick. he/she is quick to respond and answer questions4 stars cause the headphones were missing, though in the add they were part of deal. also the charger was law quality-i had to buy  a new one. The iphone is so far excellent-no complaints.

Great phone. Being that I need to replace my phone that was stolen I will replace it with an I phone 5

Loved this Phone, The seller is really good and helpful. I gifted this phone to my Mom and she was really happy using this phone. Thank you

I've never owned an iPhone previously but I was encouraged by a few people to try it out based on my needs. So far I'm not disappointed with the phone's capabilities. The true test will be in a year, when my previous phones seemed to slow down tremendously and become very &#34;buggy&#34;

My wife, who uses the iphone, is very happy with it.  It's much better than her old 3s. Very reliable.

This iphone is a brand new and has a good appearance and good function.I like it very much.Good.

I already had an Iphone 4S and the Iphone 5 is lighter, which for me is a very important fact, in general it is thesame as the previous one, the migration was not as easy as I expected, needed help from an expert , my Mac is too old (5/6 years) doesn't upgrade anymore(preposterous). But very happy with new mobile

Great phone other than the fact the connection jack for the headphones is loose and not well built. If I move or touch the phone while listening to music it shuts off or crackles if it works at all. First thought it was the headphones but discovered they work in my old iPhone, shame too cause the headphones are excellent quality. Planning on exchanging the phone for another, hoping its just a bad egg off the assembly line. Other than that no more complaints, Internet is real fast compared to 3G iPhone but for 700.00 bucks you would think the headphones would work !

Never buy iphones again. After 6 iPhones breaking with a few months from purchase, I am switching to Samsung.RIP Steven Jobs, the people you left behind are trashing everything you worked for.

Don't buy it from here. Its only $695 with taxes in Apple Store. If you live in Delaware then only $649 & no taxes.

I have an iPhone 5 black. I got this one as a gift for the New Year for my sister. Thanks!

Excelent! I love it, i saw it on tv and decided to buy it! :D I recomend it to all!

Been trying for ages to open the sim card with the tool they provide in the box but it doesnt seem to want to pop open. What should I do before I return the iPhone?

The best phone ever. It's fast, beautiful and useful. I like everything about this phone. You literally can't find better one today. iPhone 5s is just wasting money for a finger print thing.

I simply love it, excellent conditions, factory unlocked, as expected. No damage, no scratch, works on any cell phone carrier/sim card. Got it on time!

this sell does not know what he or she is doing ...... i would advise any one to bye from him or her bad business

excellent phone, brand new and sealed in its box! Everything works great! thanks! thoroughly recommended. Excellent iPhone5 Haunted, delicate and elegant phone

Hello, i have a problem with my new iPhone,1)it wasn't factory unlocked phone, it was just unlocked2)my iPhone reboots itself, and it happens on&#1089;e a day at least.I am unhappy with the purchase, how can i return this item?I am waiting for replyThank you

I am so disappointed with this phone. It's back camera does not work and that was the reason I both this phone. this is incredibly sad that I was not told it was broken. It does not focus in on the image wanted to be taken.

I recieved my iphone on time. They had a surprise for me!! I got a 46G instead of 16G memory. then, before putting my simcard in, I checked the serial number with apple company and they told me it's not an unlocked phone! and I was pissed off and called these seller and told them I want to return the phone!! They were nice people and asked me to put my simcard and start using it and they were sure that it is unlocked! later, I found out that they were right and when you put your simcart in, it automatically gets unlock!! so, I am satisfied with my purchase :) and recommend this seller

i dont have the i iphone never came to my home that why  i need the money back thanks please

I have owned previous generations of the Iphone.I was so disappointed by the new design.My friends and coworkers have bought it and all of them tell me they are disappointed they bought it.I tried the phone out and I have no idea why people like it.  It doesn't even feel faster than 4S.

My only complaint is that the charger is not Apple, it's a duplicate and seems to have bad connectivity. Other than that, the phone is perfect, practically brand new, just as advertised.

I have had the iPhone 5 since the 2nd week of the launch, thanks to the early delivery of Apple!Right let's get to the point and straight! I am writing a lot more in comparison rather than re-introduce you to iPhone again, so most of my points are in comparison to the previous, the 4S.Better Speakers and Microphones:It has 3 mics now which are in front, back and bottom. The voice memo turns out to be a lot clearer, and sounds delivering to your caller is much improved as well. It does help on the Facetime sessions. More mics also mean that elimination of more noise and much noise-cancellation too.Faster, Period:The iPhone 5 is definitely faster than the 4S. Units are put in comparison and it does slide smoother and faster. I used to turn on so many apps and always forgot to close them until my phone become so slow. I haven't quite had the need to close the apps like I used to.New lightning connector is cool, and easy to plug:I have had bad luck with the old dock connector. At one point I ruined the connector of the old 3GS due to force connection to it. 2 of the pins broken so I have to sent to Apple for warranty. With the new lightning, you can connector front or back or it does not matter. It fits on either side so it is a Great improvement! However be prepared to pay more as they are no generic available yet, so make sure you keep yours with care for now!Better front facing camera:The front camera is now 720p, which deliver clearer video to your Facetime caller, or improving your photo quality for those of you who like to take self-portrait. The back camera is the same as 4S though, which is a 8MP with flash. The latest iOS6 enables panoramic photo-taking, which is my favorite!

I don't have words to explain that! It''s just perfect!! The system and design is beautiful, always apple, for sure!

Everything is working fine. I gave it to my sister and after 2 weeks she has no complaints and im still the best brother ever.

It works perfectly, and came with all accessories in its box. I love the colour, the size and specially the new earpods.

Well I just ordered this and sure enough it wasn't a new iphone. Was a year old when I checked the IMEI Number and called Apple. warranty is up in 43 days lol. The seller is some kid Wranglerrusso (Jason Russo) through Kentucky. Working on a resolve now but clearly this is froud if ANY seller is doing this. DONT BUY OFF OF (Wranglerrusso) THIS KID!

(everyone knows iPhones), so... - just tot say this one was in very good condition for a used phone.

Very well

I paid a lot of money for a brand new iPhone and I've just received an used one, clearly evident. It came in an opened box, it already had screen protector and two awful cases that I didn't ask for. They didn't please me at all. I took it to an authorised seller and there they told me the device was used and that it had been open. I am really disappointed about the purchase and wish the store could compensate me for that,I some way! Forgot to tell that the accessories are not original!

So I love Apple first of all, I own a macbook pro, iPod touch 5th gen, and an iPad with retina display. I am by no means an Android fangirl. I previously owned an LG Revolution *crickets* this was like the first 4G LTE phone Verizon came out with about 2 years ago. So it finally crapped out and I needed a new phone, my cell provider is Verizon and my plan was up in about 3 months. I've heard they do early upgrades for some extra $, so I called to see if this was at all possible. Apple policy does not permit the sale of their iPhone's before the actual date of upgrade! What kind of baloney is that?! Not at all a wise marketing strategy.The second complaint I have about this product is that (I know I might get a lot of guff for this) but the iPhone is vastly over rated, most people solely just buy it for the label name. I have handled this device and I can say that I'm not impressed. The screen is extremely small, I feel it is too small for my hands and cannot imagine viewing videos or even texting on this phone. As for style goes it is the same cookie cutter design Apple puts out every year, minimalistic but sleek. It is light as a feather, which depending on the user could be a good/bad thing. I don't think this phone would hold up to a drop test the same as my LG behemoth. iOS 6 is perhaps the only highlight of this device, but there are much cheaper ways of getting iOS 6 in your pocket, such as the iPod touch 5th generation.Needless to say I will not be buying this product., instead I am going with the Samsung Galaxy S3. From an Apple fan I am truly disappointed that Apple has put their product on a pedestal, and made it as inaccessible to the average consumer.

Apple products I have never failed me.  Always delivers! Perfectly sized and sleek design.  Perfect camera shot every time and many more apps than its competitors. A user friendly product. The only product that it can use to view my favorites such as 48 hours mystery episodes among others and can also use majic jack.  I used the iPad gen 2 before but I find the mini to be less bulky and easier to carry around.

I hate it. This store cheated me they sold me an used iphone5 and said it is brand and many people know about that.

I don't know why I clung to my old phone (if you could even call it that) that only made calls and sent text messages for so long.  This incredibly light (112 grams) smart phone, with it's intuitive interface, has answered all of my prayers to the Capitalist god, enabling me to take on the demons that every member of Generation Y must face in the doorway of 21st Century. Here's how:1. You know those moments when you're with other people, and they're talking to each other, and you're expected to pay attention to the conversation and chime in with feigned interest?  So much effort for so little reward.  You needn't fret any longer. With your face glued to this sleekly designed piece of commercial divinity, you can comfortably and constantly interact socially with internet identities in ways that are far less intellectually stimulating, all the while implying to the people around you that you have lots of other friends incessantly vying for your time.  The iPhone 5 makes it simpler than ever before to avoid all the awkward social interactions that exist in the obsolete physical world.2. Remember the days when you needed to ask another person for directions to find your desired destination in a foreign place?  You might've even needed to ask a local if they had a recommendation for a good restaurant.  This inefficient, and potentially dangerous, networking is wiped away like crud on your windshield with the iPhone 5.  You can just use the Siri function instead.  Gone are the days of uncertainty where you let the ambience of a town guide you to some unexpected, and most-likely unsatisfactory, destination.  Now, you can find whatever safe commercialized nirvana you like through a calculated Google search, all without putting down your Big Mac and Coke.3. Not even two decades ago, it was commonplace for people to rely principally on their memory to recall an experience of one great spectacle of our society or another.  This is not the case anymore.  Your child's taking their first steps?  Well, you'd better take out your iPhone 5, and utilize the cutting edge HD video capture technology (and 8MP camera!).  You may never see that once in a lifetime experience with your own eyes, but at least your digital brain will have the memory stored forever.If you're anything like me you'll love these optimal features and more when you purchase the iPhone 5 today.

This product is just amazing. It works perfect in Colombia. I really recommend this iPhone unlocked. The product came in it original box completed sealed

This phone was listed as new but when I received it, it turned out to be used. There were scratches on it.

I decided to skip the iPhone 4S and made the leap to a refurbished iPhone 5 from AT&T. On February 5, 2013, I received the iPhone 5 and upgraded to iOS 6.1, which went smoothly. After the iPhone rebooted, the screen immediately started to transition to a white haze contrast every 5-10 minutes. I figured it was a faulty display, so I took the iPhone to an Apple Store nearby and they exchanged it. I was handed a new iPhone 5 and was very excited. After installing iOS 6.1 on my new iPhone everything went smoothly. I love the iPhone 5 and all it has to offer, especially the ability to use AirPlay. Having had the iPhone 3G & 4, I must say that using the iPhone 5 with the latest firmware 6.1.2 is horrible. I had a better experience using the iPhone 3G and 4. I am a Certified IT Specialist and is having the following issues: Wi-Fi connectivity is very poor, email loads very slowly, the App Store downloads are still slow, Apps take a long time to load, battery lasts about a day... to name a few. I know its not the iPhone; but the software. I hope Apple addresses these issues among others with their new iOS release 6.1.3. I have the best iPhone to date, just a not so good iOS to complement it.

Superb phone works great and it's totally new!!The dealer is also a great man! Very helpful!In short great deal! Rated A++

en teoria es el mejor telefono del mundo, yo lo recomiendo con los ojos vendados, muy util, divertido y facil de usar

I wanted to take the time to write a review not on the iPhone, which anyone can find a review on, but on the seller. The seller is by far the friendliest and accommodating seller I have ever purchased online from. The iPhone had some sort of glitch at the beginning (which was solved by plugging into laptop), and the seller stood by his product for a whole month just to make sure I was happy. Before this purchase, I was deathly afraid of buying phones online because I have heard of empty packages or nothing received. Well, with this seller, you will have the benefit of knowing you will be taken care of directly and promptly, regardless of what you think about the iPhone product.

My life changed with iPhone 5! The coolest and smartest phone in market today! It already started working on with my chip

llego antes del tiempo estipulado en muy buenas condiciones y el producto de muy buena calidad me alegra haber echo la compra.gracias

It took forever to get to me, don't know if it was the seller or the post offices fault, but I needed an unlocked phone to travel to Greece and it worked great! I got just what they said, a used i-phone. I had no issues with it and I'm happy with my purchase!

I was scared about buying this expensive cellphone online but it worth it 100% it works perfectly is faster great design the best smartphone ever!

Well, I do own an Iphone 5 and the product is great, however I tried to purchase this and the seller apparently went out of business, never refunded the money or let me know what was going on with my order.  Amazon was awesome!  I submitted a claim and got a full refund with no problems and very little effort in less than 2 days!  So for a product review I do love this phone, I am partial to android but for my less tech savvy spouse this thing is great, phone calls, entertainment and the best way to keep from nagging at each other on long drives makes it a great addition to the family. Keeps her busy enough so she isn't verbally &#34;assisting&#34; my driving as much as normal.  Also the blue tooth works perfect for streaming music to the stereo and hands free calling.  As much as I am NOT an Apple fan form many reasons, this is a superb product if you don't need expandable storage or multiple tethering type options.

Here's why I dislike iphone. The s4 almost 100 dollars cheaper and has a bigger screen, plus you have your own memory chip. I've wasted enough time and money on this device should done my homework.Samsung Galaxy S4 - Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 1.9GHz CPU, 2GB RAM, 5 inch display / 12.7 cmiPhone 5 - Apple A6 dual-core 1.2GHz, 1GB RAM, PowerVR SGX 543 GPU, 4 inch display / 10.16 cmSo if you want a much better and faster smart phone I recommend the s4, don't waste your time and money like I have.

&#34;I ordered a completely new IPhone 5 but instead received a refurbished one.I found that out when I took my IPhone to the Apple store to see what's the problem behind it not working with my SIM card. Turned out that it was locked on AT&T when it was supposed to be an unlocked phone. Respectively, I received a completely different item than I ordered.&#34;

excellent product, recommended., it is the best phone in the world. apple definitely the best outdoor design for this equipment.

Product is brand new and good but I haven't received small device through which sim cArd is opened. Expected all part

If you buy this phone on amazon or anywhere else for the $1000+ price tag, your just a fool. This phone is great, but only slightly better than the 4S which also runs ios6. The iPhone 5 has a bigger screen which is useful, a slightly better processing chip, and that's about it. If you don't own an iphone, getting a 4 or 4S is a better deal since will cost you like 40% less but is only like 10% inferior to the iphone 5.More importantly, on top of that, do you guys think Apple is stupid? They will soon enough come out with iphone 5 unlocked to sell at their stores. They are only selling it with carriers at the moment so the carriers can make money and therefore Apple makes money because carriers pay Apple to do that. But just like the iphone 4S, the iphone 5 will soon be sold unlocked at a retail price of about $650.00Be patient people, don't be desperate and overpay for an unlocked iphone 5, IT'S A PHONE FOR CRYING OUT LOUD, a phone that will be worth HALF of what you bought it here for in less than a year, yes, BELIEVE that. Don't be foolish.

I would love to buy this phone, but I am from France and I want to make sure that it will work with French carriers before purchasing it. Does any of you know anything about that? thanks!

I bought iPhone 5 about a year ago and I love it. But since the iPhone 6 will be released 19th september am I ready to upgrade my phone. According to http://www.preorderiphone6.net/ can I pre-order iPhone 6 in August.

The iPhone is very good only that the charger  failed to meet  my demand. I hope the company send me a replacement for it

So this review is really about purchasing an unlocked phone, which I found does not always work if the carrier in this case T Mobile. I found  they will want you to purchase only there phones and in so tell you that your unlocked phone doesn't work with there system.

The problem with Apple products is the absolute abismal customer care for their products. For the product price, you'd expect more than to have your account disabled with no reason provided. "Your Apple ID has been disabled." That's all you get. Just Google it! I spent hours going through the reviews of people trying to find out how to get their accounts reinstated. Finally, I found the link. No number to call. I was told to reset the user name and password. Done! No good. Work week starts. Phone goes back on the backburner. Try again a few days later. Same results, but someone emails me back this time. Tells me to go to the "provided" link and try again. Done! Same result. Someone else emails me. I changed my credit card info some time ago. That was it. I need to go to the ITUNES store and manage my account. Oh. That sends me back to reset my account yet again.  I did manage to stumble across a number, finally. 1-800-myapple. I call it. A virtual person answers the phone. Had to find my serial number.  40 minutes later, yes, I timed it, a human answers the phone. He's friendly. He confirms my serial number and apologized for my wait. Apparently they can tell how long I've been on the phone too. Bad news. He has to forward me to the security folkes. Looks like that is going to take another 20 minutes. Do I mind waiting? Oh. I could be grading papers or doing something productive, but why not. Let's wait! That's where I am now in fact ...still waiting...58 minutes and 24 seconds later...I just don't think apple products are worth it. The apps are what makes them productive and fun, but when they cancel your account, you can't update your apps and you certaintly can't add new ones. I can't help but wonder how many people are out there whose Apple products simply aren't working all because the customer service is so bad. I suppose the 1 hour and 6 minutes I've been waiting now should provide a clue. My first apple rep--I haven't spoken to the second one yet, told me there's a lot of people trying to get their accounts fixed.  By the way, if you call Apple with your cell phone, make sure you plug it into your charger. Otherwise, you will need to go find it around 1 hour and 10 minutes. OK, I'm still waiting on that second person to answer the phone, so I think I will go provide Apple a few more reviews. Time now 1 hour and 19 minutes...and counting.

It does everything well.  I don't agree with the bad reviews other then price. There is a reason people pay more for the iPhone.

I have bought many of these and it's just great, always on time, sealed box I have no complaints whatsoever...

I was quite surprised when I got the phone and realized i got a 32gb instead of the 16gb, loved the upgrade, phone works great

I love my eye phone. I got mine through my cell phone provider not here but I just wanted to tell anyone on the fence trying to decide between and iphone and an android that an iphone is the way to go. It is far superior. You wont be disappointed.

I do not get the key to get the memory of Iphone 5. I get incomplete and I don't like this.

Best Cell Phone I Have Ever Used!This iPhone is amazing! The color gives it a sharp clean look.The screen resolution is pretty awesome! Its very easy to use and navigate.There are over 900,000 games and apps in the app store you can pay for for, lots are also free. iOS 7 makes the iPhone 5 even easier to use. iOS 7's new taskbar lets you turn off your wifi or bluetooth, control you portrait rotation and turn on the iPhones flashlight. I also re-designs all of the apps on your Iphone.If you are going to buy the Iphone and plan on downloading lots of stuff (movies, music, games, etc) then you might want consider buying an Iphone with more space. The Iphone 5 hard drives come in 16 GB, 32 GB and 64 GB.The recently released Iphone 5S only has few upgrades from the the iPhone 5, Including a little bit faster phone. Even though the iphone 5 is extremely fast already. It also has a fingerprint scanner which is pretty cool, But not worth the price.Pros:  Cons:Lightweight  Take A Long Time To Turn OnEasy To Use  16 GB Is Too Small (Can Upgrade)Very Nice Clean LookGood Battery LifeFast ChargingGood Sound QualityGreat Picture QualityOverall This Is A Great Phone!

The iPhone 5 is epic for me. From its appearence to the hardware made me striving in order to possess it . now my dream was came true. I now has owned The magnificant iPhone 5. Thank Steve Jobs that invented this incorporation .

i'm sure it's not a new one. there's different number between box and phone. and the box didn't cover for plastic.

I was in love with iphone 5 until I found out the screen is made of plastic not glass as used to be. I did not buy screen protectors since I tought it might affect the touch screen sensibility. I have it for few days and I noticed under the light my iphone was full of little scratches, then i found out this s*** was made of plastic not glass as used to be.I tought iphone 5 was supposed to be an upgrade not downgrande.what is the point of having HD video if the screen will be full of sratches.Steve Jobs is probably turning in his grave at the way these idiots are designing iphone5.

I love my new iPhone 5 is so fast so thight Just perfect. I recommend it! I cant wait for get The new models of Apple iphone's

Muy r&aacute;pido la compra y en menos de 15 d&iacute;a ten&iacute;a el tel&eacute;fono y bueno gracias por ese buen vendedor

Best phone around..If you don't want to waste 100$ extra, for the same phone ( iPhone 5s ; iPhone 5c ) just buy this one, same quality and performance.. Therefore you can use the money that you save, on buying higher memory size..

I tried the S3, it's no where near the quality of an iPhone in screen, camera and build. The S3 eventually slows down for some reason whereas the iPhone stays snappy! It's not a huge update from the 4S because it was already a great device.

Awesome condition. doesn't look like an used phone at all!Absolutely no nicks. Yes, I am loving in this phone !

It come's with verison sim card in side. And loock's like it was in use. No body should not by it!!!!!!

Nice!Serves its primary purpose, as a phone, well!Nice to hold and operate as a normal phone.I don't really need the other 'bells and whistles', if it comes at the expense of battery life.Looks like Apple has got it priorities right, which other competitors could take a page from..:)

The phone charger is having a problem. The phone charger does not charge the phone. the phone needs a new charger

although it is very expensive, my friend really likes it. he is satisfied with everything that the phone brought to him.

It is funny how some iphone supporters rave this phone with only the fact that it has a bigger screen, the earphone jack is on the bottom, wow! And they also try and justify that Apple is smart because they wanted to stay with a smaller screen than the competitors because it keeps it manageable with one hand and a bigger screen is not better. Well partially true, but the elongated screen makes it awkward to reach the upper and lower parts of the screen with one handed operation also depending on one's hand size. So kind of an invalid argument there, but hand size dictates on both phones also. Smaller screen more scrolling, harder to see, easier to use with one hand. Bigger screen less scrolling, easier to see may need two hands to operate. If your are going from a smaller phone to a 5 inch screen phone, yes it does seem huge, but after having one for a while, you adapt and you don't notice it anymore and find it more more pleasant to use because the larger screen can display more.  The S4 has a 5 1/2 inch screen now but kept the body the same size as the S3.  Any body larger than the S3 would be pushing the limit I believe.  The S3 fits in normal pockets with no problem, unless your wearing skinny jeans or those jeans that girls wear with tiny pockets in the back.  A 4 inch phone barely fits in those pockets.  The iPhone 5 is basically the same length as the S3 but narrower.  Different strokes for different folks.  Battery argument isn't realistic or fare to compare between a phone with a way larger screen. Apple fans claim it is the best iphone ever! Yeah it maybe the best iphone ever, but not by much. And it may be the best iphone, but not the best phone.Let's see..what does iphone have that others don't. Bigger screen? No. Do a split screen and run two tasks at the same time? No. Wouldn't work on a 4 inch screen anyways.  Customizable screen? No.  And jailbreaking doesn't count.  Smaller screen on the iphone without the ability to customize it makes it busy and a confusing mess with all the app. icons crammed onto the screen, and worse if you have a background set onto it to add to the mess. Nicer screen? Not by much. Also you don't really get the full use of the 4 inch display because just like the ipads, the screen dimensions are not optimized for full screen viewing of certain media. So you still get those black bars either on top or on the sides.  And not all of the iphone apps. are updated to utilize the full screen yet. Another thing also is that when you surf the web, you get the settings bar displayed on the bottom of the screen also, which takes up useable screen space, unlike some phones that have dedicated keys on the bottom edge and make use of it not like the iphone where it just has one button and wastes all that space on the top and bottom. You get two thick borders, and I don't see how some say it is a nice looking phone. Faster? Not by much where it would matter or noticeable. And that is where the majority of iphone reviewers focus on. It is only faster by a fraction of a second if that. They make it sound like it was blazingly faster than everything else and that's all they basically use as an argument and nothing else, like features. And also it is a waste of a more powerful processor and wonderful platform etc. if you can't do much on it. Comes in black or white? Ooh! Really? Black and white? Drop test survival and sleekish looks? Most phones go into cases anyways so kind of a moot point. And most people buy the thick unattractive cases to protect their expensive iPhone's that make the phone a large brick that looks like it was made by Nerf. It makes the iPhone bulkier than a S3. Memory slot to expand memory? No, competitors had it for years. Usb and not proprietary cable? No. Simple drag and drop files instead of using software? No. People say that the iphone is easier to use than Android? How is it easier if you have to connect it to a computer to convert music and video using software all the time? Yes it is easier for those that buy the next generataion iphone everytime a new model comes out because it is basically the same phone as previous that you are used to using for years. If you don't like change and learning new features or having choices, then the iphone is for you. Flash support? No. Competitors have it and you can watch everything instead of a dead spot on your web page. Easily customizable screens? No. Swappable battery? No. Favorite contacts list on screen? No. Place the phone in sleep mode and allowing only certain calls to get through? Competitor had it already and you can set a time frame for it. Better maps? No. Competitors better. Although no one could beat the Garminfone I had before, because it was a "real gps", and it didn't need to rely on a data signal to function fully like everyone with the exception of Nokia. But that's another story.  Hmmm..oh wait, I know.  You can multitask now just like competitors have been able to do for years now. No, wait. That isn't it. You can only multitask with the iphone with only a few applications. Like listening to the music player.  And if you want to surf the web while on a call, you can only do it through wifi depending on which carrier you have. What the heck?  I paid for an expensive wonderful phone along with outrageous minutes and a data plan but I have to look for a wifi connection to use it? I'm sorry that is not multitasking.The android apps are pretty much caught up to iphone's.  Just about all the competitors use android and only iphone uses iphone apps.  Same goes for tablets and even the competitors tablets offer more than the ipads.For example the Samsung Galaxy S3 has everything the iphone 5 has and more. Heck, you can even transfer files between the phones wirelessly, link up with compatible phones and do a presentation between the phones or beam everything onto a compatible tv, set the phone up with other compatible phones where everyone that is synced within the group to receive pictures that any of you take on the fly.  Sure iphone fans will say well not everyone has a S3 and everyone has an iphone. Well not true, because a lot of people are buying the S3 and the people that have the iphone's do not have any of these features to enjoy.  And Samsung is also selling a lot of t.v's that are compatible with the features or you can buy a converter unit to hook up to any t.v. with a usb port if need be. I have a Sony google t.v. that I didn't need to do anything special to, and I can send my pictures via wifi onto the t.v. Not like apple where they will change little things here and there to make you buy new hardware.  For example, the adapters. Apple likes to hold back and make little upgrades to the iphone a little at a time or make a phone with a little more memory and hype it up as the next greatest innovation. This is how Apple operates to get iphone die hards to keep upgrading their iphones.Going to get a lot of hate responses from iphone lovers.  Just back it up with something other than some lame sarcastic remark. I am not an iphone, Android, Windows, Samsung, etc. fan either. My daughters friends got the iphone 5 and they all either returned them or wish they did. My daughter has a Samsung blaze and a lot of her friends want one also. My sister and brother in law got the iphone 4 and my brother in law returned it and got the Samsung S3, and my sister wished she returned hers and got something elso also. I played with iphones and got bored with them real quick because I couldn't do much on it. Yes the screen looks fantastic, but I need a phone that has functions that can make my life easier. A phone these days is your personal organizer on the go. You need something that you can customize to your personal needs for quick access to information at your fingertips. With andorid you can do this, iphone you can't. So speed to open an app. is defeated by the fact that you have to scroll though the pages of icons and find it in the mess to get to it to open it. With android you can customize your screen and apps. however you want it and this makes it way faster to open an app.
