
In the product details/features it states the model number is A1428 which is the model number I need for my network provider. The model number I received was the A1429 which was the wrong one. I contact the seller but have yet to hear anything back. I have also printed out the page from amazon where it states which model it is for. I also went Ito my invoice and on the invoice, THAT is where it says I'm getting model number A1429.

I like the iPhone 5 Why i did choose this rating because they sent the product quickly and were very helpful.I recommend this product to everyone.

In order to avoid scams, you must buy any electronic equipment NEW. This fact even hold true to the IPhone. It was expensive yes, but I got the product that I wanted. It came shrink wrapped in new condition and like the seller promised it was unlocked. As for the phone itself I bought it in order to replace the one that I had which was blacklisted and therefore could not be unlocked. Being that the phone I had prior was the same phone it is awesome and works brilliantly.

The transaction was smooth and efficient. The phone is great but ... Apple really missed their aim with the plug. It broke on the third day. I ordered another one which sounded tougher, thicker, stronger... It broke in two weeks.Maybe it's just me but I really liked the old plug better. Now I have to buy an adapter to fit my old tools and addons.

lo he conectado en mi pais, Peru, y funciona sin problemas.Lo recomiendo es un buen producto y mucho mas rapido que el iphone 4s.

5 stars is not enough for a phone like this. I have had Samsung changing to Samsung was a huge leap. After some years of using smartphones, I love Android and hate Samsung.

The front sensor on the phone was broken when purchased, I purchased this phone as a little present because the person needed a new phone. Unfortunately I'm stationed in Korea and only received the product in this condition after the expiration period. I filed a claim and asked if I could return it but they didn't offer any help. Now I have to pay another 200 dollars to send the phone back to Apple and get it fixed since apparently it's been &#34;used&#34; for the past six months and the service warranty no longer applies.

THe Cell is good and THe wall charged is bad

The camera was full of spots, dirty and I have to take it to change the camera lens ... And pay for it!!!!

Shipping was fine, the phone works but I think something maybe wrong with product as a whole.  Not an issue with seller but Apple.  This phone appears very cheaply made in my opinion, the App are shown in very low quality, my itouch 4th gen has better quality images.  Still doing my research though.

this iphone 64 gb not released you are scammer and this anger biggest causes $ 785 and the phone is A1429 NOT a A1428 is blocked by sprint I need you to rejoin my giftcard to gie you and me cheating!! I WANT MY MONEY BACK THIS NO UNLOCKED IPHONE ,

I received this great phone. I was some nervous about if it's unlocked really, but after the setup, the iphone works very well in my country, Peru.

I recently updated from a 3GS. Since there are many reviews of form and comparisons to other smart phones, I will simply concentrate on my own experience.Pros:1. Lightweight, beautifully crafted.2. Significantly faster than the 3GS.3. Addition line of icons on the home screen.4. Much better camera(s).5. 4G LTE6. Better speakers.Cons1. Airplay broken - this is probably a iOS 6 issue because my 3GS still works perfectly with my stereo. Note that if you are considering a Pioneer stereo for your car, be sure to check if it is compatible with the iPhone 5.2. Wifi/Bluetooth issues - legion (Google for more information). Again, maybe iOS 6 but since this is the software running this phone, and since it interferes with the use of the phone, I feel it is legitimate to list it as a con for the phone. I will not list the Maps fiasco as a con, however, since that does not interfere with my use of the phone, only my respect for Apple, nor will I list the headphone socket change as a con, since that is a personal preference issue.3. Lightning connector - incompatible with all my accessories, outrageously overpriced adapters. Note that you will need the more expensive cable adapter if you have your new iPhone 5 in a case. Also be aware that the current crop of cheap lightning connectors are hit or miss, since they haven't perfected the copy, so at this time you are stuck with the Apple product (if you can find them) if you want a sure thing. My local store has not received them as of this writing.4. Sensitivity - for some reason, the touch screen of the iPhone 5 is less sensitive (in my experience) than my 3GS. It sometimes takes multiple touches to activate an area of the screen. Obviously, this is deadly when playing games like Temple Run or Canabalt. And no, currently I am not using a screen protector since Jesus Diaz over at Gizmodo assures me that the iPhone 5 is made of aluminum casted by Asgardian dwarf blacksmiths and put together with magicomicronometric precision by virgin she-dragons made of living gold. I guess I should have listed that as a pro.

It is a great phone,but I cannot install new software....it showed error....maybe some kind of advice because I don't know what is the problem??!!!

It is ok though linking everything to iTunes is rather limiting -updates, playing games, etc. I think the more liberal android phones are much user friendly. The Bluetooth will not link with other phone type Bluetooth. Maybe I missed something

ARRIVED WITH A CRACK ON THE VERY EDGE OF THE SCREEN. IT DOES NOT AFFECT FUNCTIONALITY BUT IT LOOKS UGLY AND THE CRACK MAY GROW BIGGER AFFECTING THE ENTIRE SCREEN.

The above distributors sold me an I phone 5 that had already been returned to them since it was defective.The I phone arrived to me with the SIM card of the earlier customer.The I phone's sound was bad and its speed mediocre compared to the one my daugther has . I paid nearly 1000 dolalrs for this unlocked phone  WorldWide Distributors .Since I travel a lot I was not able to return it on time and the 30 days passed . WorldWide Distributors refuses to deal with me anymore.BEWARE OF ITEMS Sold by WorldWide Distributors...they coud be defective as my i phone 5 is.

Apple sell the iPhone 5 directly to anyone who has $649 so why are you not buying it from Apple stores?  Buying the phone from a gray market is risky and without any warranty.

Performance Execellent!You can go to any place therefore the IPHONE you have a system efficient localizer that helps the policy to find you in sequestration case.

First, the battery will not reloaded and had to buy a new charger for the battery could work.Now the iphone does not recognize the chip and gsm is no signal to speak.The antenna of the iphone is not functional.

I could not connect the phone in Venezuela (my country) because it was not unlocked and it was suposed to be, what can you do in this case? phone IMEI is 013435003182980

Thanks I got the iphone, which was new &#34;open box&#34; and unlocked in very short time shipping. The phone is working and not even a tiny scratch.

The iPhone is great. Just like it appeared, that's how I got it. It's a great product. I would absolutely recommend this company to anybody.

this ad says in the description "Item model number: A1429" .. what i received A1428!!there is difference between the two models! i wouldn't made the purchase if they said it's A1428!

Some tiny black dots on my screen.. Screen brightness goes up and down by it self and doesn't come with charger or headphones

I used to have iPhone4 16GB I decided to upgrade to iPhone5 64GB.. So far it's I love it. They say that the battery run out that fast but for me it was ok.. It's always depend how u use ur phone.iLove it so much a perfect gift for my self =)

Hello this is the version A1429 (GSM)? I travel constantly and wanted to know if I could use it anywhere in the world

Very good phone like new at very good price, works well

It has surpassed my expectations. I love it.  The vendor was wonderful to work with and responded quickly when I had a request after placing the order.  Thanks very much.

The "Unlocked" phone it is unlocked, but unlocked to UK, HONG KONG, GERMANY, ETC.  The version this is the A1429 GSM.  That version will work with AT&T;, and T-Mobile; but will not allow you to use LTE, only 3G in the United States.  There is no Unlocked version of the phone yet to be released in the United States.  So be aware of this.  They just want the money, and people are buying without getting complete details of the actual item. Shady, so for that they get a 1 star.  Keep in mind if you do go overseas this phone will work with the LTE there not here.AT&T;: A1428 (GSM)Verizon & Sprint: A1429 (CDMA)Overseas: A1429 (GSM) &lt;----- the one on this page..

Is this iPhone 5 boxs is not originalOn the box imei and phone imei cod differentI do not know why so phone ship me

The phone does work properly for the most part.  The bluetooth does not function which does not allow me to connect to hands free devices, but all other functions work properly.  There were more scratches and dings than I expected, but the previous owner did say there were signs of usage.  Thankfully, there were no scratches on the touch screen.

I've been using a 3GS with an 8GB hard drive up to now, so this is a major step up.  I have room for everything and more, I haven't explored the new functionality but I'm looking forward to it.

The iPhone is new and came in a perfect condition, really well packed! I loved it! It's a really good deal!

Lighter than the previous model (iPhone 4S) apple again innovates with this new model.Faster, better screen touch and with the brand new connector without loosing the original speed.

in the past week since I got the iPhone 5, I have heard multiple times: "I texted you but you didn't reply ." Not sure if this is at and t or apple, but the phone only works half the time. the pictures come out well but half my existing apps crash and the most basic function doesn't.

I totally love the phone but was deeply upset when I found that the phone shipped to me came with an AT&T nano SIM and I was unable to use my Ethiopian and Afghan SIM cards. I plan to have an actual &#34;UNLOCKED&#34; 64GB IPhone 5 shipped to me since I paid astronomical prices and received a useless locked version.

It's an Apple product.  Top of the line, modern, elegant.  It does all I need it to (after jail-breaking.). The screen looks amazing, and it's nice being taller than before.  The white and aluminum look great.  The camera:  turned to rubbish!  I must have a defect with mine. I have cleaned the lens so well, and there are still dark spots all over the lens when I take a picture.  Not sure how it happened, but it's only gotten rss over time.  There are now about 50 small dark blotches.  I'll probably have it looked at by Apple.

This Is A Top BRAND .I find it faultless.This is a mobile office device system and a complete office assistant.

Maybe because I has no functional problems now because it's new, I've heard things about the batery and etc, but up to now it works incredible, I love this phone

I got this phone as a gift for my wife and she loves it. I asked for next day delivery and it was at my door exactly at 3 pm the next day. Many thanks Amazon

The phone was described as unlocked and it is a locked phone. It came with a big crack on the lower edge and it was not mentioned.

Brand new, everything still all boxed up, shiny and works great. Took it to a t-mobile store to set up and had to spend $20 on a new sim card, but it started right up with no problems.

It is not described as is, bad picture never show reality, next time i will not buy before seeing picture and will never trust sellers

After the Samsung Galaxy S3 debacle, I'm happy to report that the iPhone 5 is easy to setup, easy to use and isn't plagued with the myriad options, selections, and configurations of the Samsung Galaxy S3. If you want a powerful phone for business or pleasure, with an interface that is intuitive then this is the phone to go for. I must say, I had an iPhone 3 about 4 years ago, and sold it after 2 days, it was a disaster. The iPhone 5 on the other hand is a joy to hold, use and make phone calls from.

I bought an iphone 5, but never thought that batterie life would be SO short. At 3 pm I have to recharge it. I had to turn off everything, bluethooth, wifi, gps, etc and there is no improvement... I cannot belive I spend $950 for this!!

because of its operating system and the way it doesn't glitch like android which I was with android now an apple fan

This is a great product and with the amount of storage I can save all my music and pics., the phone was as explained by the seller so i highly recommend this seller....

This Iphone was a replacement for my non-smart phone and 64gb Ipod touch.It's slim enough to fit into your pocket with the right protector and is very, very light.I can get the battery to last a full day with moderate data usage, some calling, and a bunch of text messages.I went the unlocked route with a monthly carrier, and am going to save over $1000 in 2 years when compared to a 2-year contracted carrier.Headphone jack is on the left underside, and not the right side like the 4th generation.Camera is great with an auto-focus feature, editing, and great resolution.There is a switch right above the volume controls on the left side of the device that changes the phone from vibrate to ringer or vice versa, which has come in handy quite a few times just in the past few weeks.Replacing/changing the SIM card is difficult and requires an unbent paper clip to push an release the clipping mechanism on the right side of the phone.Volume and clarity of phone calls meet and exceed my expectations.The Siri voice commands are a neat feature.  I have used it when hands weren't very free to text.  Just make sure environmental noise isn't very prominent in comparison to your voice, otherwise Siri will just keep thinking and never come up with any text. (from my experiences at least)The ease of operation and speed at which the Iphone performs tasks is considerably quick in my opinion.Overall, I am super satisfied with this particular Iphone!Would recommend getting it if you're already on the verge of wanting one, have high familiarity with the Ipod touch, like a very user friendly interface, or like Apple products in general.Thanks for listening!

I have never used or seen anything better than Iphone and iphone5, 5S of course. Simple, light, very fast and clever,colourful monitor..... no comments more - just super!And enduring.I was in horrible accident last year I mean fire in a contryside house. I left my new (only 3 months using) divice at a sill in the house...After 4 hours the fire was blown down I found my Iphone in black dust at the burnt sill in addition too it was a bit wet and hot. Toy plastic helicopter stayed next to the iphone turned to knot of molten mass.I was going to throw out my divice but soon changed up my mind to delay it till the next morning.When I took off melted bumper and screen protect I switched on it. The iphone showed sings of its life. First I sow a picture what iphone made about warning of high temperature.Testing  all  functions of my divice I found out it works! I was so happy that I can't discribe, you may guess... Nevertheless there were some problems.First damage was microphone (my opponent didn't hear my voice)and the second  - small spot yellow color at the right top side of display.At the service centre micropfon was succesfully replaced. To change display for the new one I'm not going because the yellow spot is not too critically for me.

I ordered an iPhone 5 64GB Unlocked, and indeed it was what I ordered. It arrived fast and everything as advertised. Thank you.I would recommend it to anybody.

Just got it and came sooner than expected which makes me really happy can't wait until my new sims come in and I'll be good to go. Flawless looks brand new and the deal is even amazing. Thank you

When I heard they are making this phone thinner than the iPhone 4S, I wondered why on earth they would make a phone so thin and then when I finally weighed it in my hands, I was surprised at how light it was. The iPhone 5 is very light, it makes the 4S seem so much heavier in comparison. The phone looks much better than the 4S, the display is better, it is lighter and eventually this did help me in typing much faster. My previous phone was a Blackberry Torch 2, before which I was using an Htc Sensation XE. I lost the Sensation but it was a great phone and I really like Android a lot.Why I picked iPhone over Android and the rest-a) SOFTWARE - Apple gives users less optimizations/customizations and this I somehow like. No matter what I did with my Android, people would come to me and ask why I don't have it like this and why I don't have it like that. I don't like feeling like I am missing out on something. With Apple, everyone gets the same thing. It somehow is fairer and a lot time consuming. Of course you can move your icons around into multiple screens and that is that. Would I ever jailbreak? NEVER! Don't care much for that.b) Say what you want the iPhone has the best camera in the world, works without bug. Yes, the camera is astonishingly good and the color reproduction is way better than HTC, Samsung, Sony or Blackberry. The Lumia 920 has a great camera also if that is of primary concern to you but because of the easy fool proof "lack of customization" and the simple straightforward simplicity, I'd take the APPLE iPhone.c) ULTRA FAST TYPING -  I can type faster on the iPhone 5 than I can using any phone in the market (including the new z10, torch 2, htc sensation, samsung galaxy note, s3, etc)  Do I type portrait or landscape? Portrait.  I never need to make my device horizontal because i am fast enough straight up (candybar) Writing emails is a breeze.d) GREAT CALL QUALITY - Best quality for talking, the calls are crystal clear, people on the other end are envious about how clear my voice is. The Htc was a bit of a nightmare, maybe they have improved now but I think the earphone volume was terribly low and I had to leave the room to get a word through.  On whatsapp when I send voice notes, the iphone is the loudest and the clearest.e) iPod/MP3 - With 64GB, I carry many thousands of songs around with me and can play them right away. With Blackberry/Android, I never bothered using the mp3 player much but now this is the ideal solution. You can click an image without disrupting your song playback. For a video though, you will have to temporarily switch off music.After having used this for 4+ months, these features I found shockingly good -1) Browser Speed - It is simply the fastest browser on any phone and the screen resolution is perfect. Again, much better than Android.2) With internet off, the battery life goes up substantially so if you have 14% battery left, just switch the internet off and it will last you the crucial 2-3 hours.3) Despite loading hundreds of apps, I have not seen a decrease in speed.4) Call quality and reception is always good.5) Google maps on the iphone is a priceless gift. For google maps alone, I would RECOMMEND you try the iPhone out.6) The lightning port is the best charger I have seen on any phone. It beats the purpose of Micro USB, old Apple charger, anything else. You can invert the charging plug anyway, up or down. Brilliant innovation and I dare use the word brilliant.7) I have 3200 images and videos after just four months.8) iBook is lovely.THINGS I DEPLORE -a) The battery life is so bad. I have to switch 3G off and then I will get a day out of the battery. At home I keep the wifi on, because it is supposed to save the battery but still I can barely can get more than 12-14 hours out of it. No software update will help this. This phone consumes a lot of battery and you will need to charge it 2-3 times a day depending on usage. I actually feel like taking off 2 stars for this but that will be unfair. To be fair, it CHARGES SUPER FAST.b) Apple ID - The App Store is a very annoying feature. Sometimes when you are trying to update certain applications, it will randomly ask you for verifying not just password but credit card details. Apple is an absolute death angel about this. I have two apple id's, both in different countries so nothing gets saved. The iPhone is only recognized on my Macbook Air, not on my iMac. I haven't bothered fixing it and don't want to delete my library.c) Backing up images - Apple doesn't have a fool proof way of backing up images you take. It should be as simple as connecting it to your computer right? Wrong. iCloud gives you 5gb of usage so if you try to photo stream (seamless use it between apple devies) you will run into a wall because it's only 5gb and most of my 5gb is used elsewhere. Apple wants you spending more money. The limit should be 25GB and the paid. I didn't exactly pay $300 for this phone you know.d) The Camera Flash - It adds white/yellow to some eyes making them like a cat's. Many photos have been ruined by the lack of perfection. Also taking micro images (images of written text, printed text) should be much better.e) The Ringer - Sometimes on, sometimes off, the overall settings of the ringer on Iphone is very flawed. you go to settings, and then check it there. Its always confusing. Make sure you customize the vibration or else you will miss important calls.f) Siri is an idiot. Period.g) Because of the customization, Apple is never able to make best use of the wallpaper and all wallpapers will seem boring and useless. Android was much better with wallpapers.

I love my iPhone 5, I have being using it like crazy ever since it arrived. I have been taking excellent clear crisp photo's and I also use the phone to visit my twitter account. Thank you!

I had a bad experience with this one , but it was all my fault, my mistake, because i wanted to buy the 5s and ended up buying the 5 so i had to returned back to the seller...but then they gave me my money back so no hassle.

Size is a real plus for me all the ram you need in 64gb to me its still the best Iphone made in style and hand fit.

just amazing unlocked from factory  im realy happy with my iphone 5 nothing like this thinking in order more from this company.

It is an amazing phone, but I can not give 5 stars. IMO it is not super amazing as I tought after all the Hype I saw on tv and Internet.Do not get me wrong, I would buy it again in a heart beat ( maybe me having so many apple products and being locked on their brand has something to do with it...,), but I can give it only 5 stars.I bought the Sansung galaxy 3 and it is an amazing phone. Do to get me wrong, I prefer apple but Samsung showed me what's possible and apple is far from it.

I ordered brand new iPhone 5 factory unlocked. What I received isn't like what I ordered. I received iPhone 5 64GB used and locked to AT&T

This price is way too high. These people are gouging you. It can be purchased from Best Buy for $349.00

Some people may find the iphone 5 very similar to the 4 / 4S, but when you use it you will notice the difference, and a lot! The new model is so light that causes fear of dropping it; worse, all the time you put your hand in your pocket to make sure it's still there. The new screen size make a much better experience for the user, that is easy to notice when you try to use safari and the apps. The response time to any task is faster, everything seems smoother and more engaging. You just need a little handling at the new iphone to see how he looks better, with a more sophisticated visual and materials. Apple has thought of every detail. After spending a few minutes with the iPhone 5, you change your opinio in relation to 4, finding it heavy and absoleto. I think the person who gave an upgrade from 4 to 4S is obliged to upgrade to 5, because the differences are more pronounced than the other two models. iPhone is still the best smartphone in the world, even if the competition is already dropping the hot breath near Apple`s neck. My Precious!

is a great phone, I made the purchase and the phone really is new. the seller is very responsible and careful, because when a problem communicating to introduce myself, did everything possible to help

accurate description, unlocked, sealed box, all was fine.Worldwide distributors were i purchase it, ship it fast and with logic cost.

The iPhone works amazingly! Love it and it's got lots of memory!!Kinda took forever to get here. I'm on an APO though so that's maybe why.

Know that it doesn't  come with a sim card, so either be prepared to go to the closest AT&T or Verizon store to get any apps and have phone turned on. Either than that it alright.

iphone is the best phone in the world. does the job in the most simplest way possible. you need not be nerd to use it.

The phone works great, outside of the power cable not working...everything works great!  I confuse it with the one I have now.

Received item as specified. It looks new with extra cable, although there was a little breakage in the extra cable but it works.Other accessories looks like it was never use, arrived on time. The only drawback, I could not activate the phone without aSim card.  I was planning to use it as an ipod for the meantime because I have a Samsung w/ contract in AT & T.  ButI went to AT&T; and gave me a new Sim card for free but has  to de-activate my old Samsung phone.  Anyway. I'm fully satisfied, cheaper way to get an iphone 5. This is my second time to buy iphone in Amazon.

It arrived before the expected date and it came in great quality.  It was exactly what I wanted. Also the price was acceptableThanks!

This phone is just what I was looking for.  Familiar layout, works faster tha the iPhone 4.  Good camera.  Very light and sleek.  I love it!  The one negative is that it uses a different power cord so I know have to keep two sets of cords/adapters around to accommodate my phone and my iPad.

i decided to buy this because i wanted an iphone 5 new, unlocked. i'm very happy with it! I recomended...

It meet my exceptions , flawless. . I recommended it to anybody who doesn't have time to go to the apple store . And it is unlocked so it works with any sim

The phone I got from the San Francisco Camera store was not unlocked as stated in the ad. It is locked to the AT&T network.

This product was awesome and it really covers all my needs or really was a Very good deal to get it

Excellent phone!!! Great screen, great apps, great photos, very multifunctional, awesome....I chose this rating because is one of the best phone I've ever seen.I like it because is smarter, is thinnest, is lightweight and very stylish and also because is made it by Apple.

If you have an iPhone 4S and considering to update to a 5, I recommend waiting for a 5s or try an android phone or windows phone. I came from a 4s and saw little to no difference on the 5. If you are coming from a 4 or below, this phone will blow you away :). But i suggest you buy from the Apple Website. It is more reliable.

I change my iphone 4 for this iphone 5. I thought the change was going to be dramatic... but it wasn't, compared to my old Iphone 4g this will be a 20-30% faster, stable, thinner, lighter... great product But don't think it should be twice as expensive as the iphone 4 considering that you are getting 25% better phone.

It's a very good product, and the customer support was excelent. I had a problem with the usb cable and I've received a new one. Well done !

EXCELENTE PRODUCTO PUEDE USARSE CUALQUIER PAIS.FACIL DE USAR, CONFIGURAR Y MAS RAPIDO PUEDE USARSE EN CUALQUIER PROVEEDOR DE SERVICIO CELULAR...

This was a great value considering the cost of these is at least twice as much in Europe.  My only mistake was to update the OS right out of the box as it locked me out of the phone until I purchased a local nano-sim and accompanying service contract.My only negative is it was packaged with an aftermarket charger and lightning cable along with an OEM iPhone 4 set of ear buds instead of an actual OEM set for the iPhone 5.  The lightning cable failed within days, so I ended up having to make do with a locally procured lightning adapter for a micro-USB charge cable.
