
I like the phone overall but they really need to make a phone that has a battery that at least can make it through the day. I don't even use it much throughout the day but when I got home from work I'd need to charge it again. With Samsung it seems as though you need to spend the big bucks and buy their higher models to get what you need. My other complaint is the camera. It's super slow to open so I miss good shots. Also the lag time between shots is far too long

I ordered the galaxy reverb on the 11th, paid for fast delivery and got it on the 13th. I am satisfied with the quick delivery and the phone. It is like a mini GALAXY for those who may not be able to afford the latest model.

This is a great phone for its price it has so many things alike with the Samsung galaxy S3 like touch whizz build and even lock screen I would recommend this phone by far

I have so issues with the screening locking up, but I just take out the battery and it works perfectly again.No other issues, though.Camera is fantastic, call quality is great and I love the look/style of the phone.Plus I got it at a great discount so that was wonderful!I highly recommend this phone.

I've been a Blackberry Curve user for a number of years but decided to try an Android phone with a touch screen.  The Samsung Galaxy S4 was too expensive so I thought I'd try the Reverb.  So far I've been pretty happy with this phone although I do find it more difficult to text than on a QWERTY keyboard.  Long battery life, great display, excellent performance.

Absolutely the worst phone on the market. Key board won't come up no matter how many times you tap, auto upgrade from Ice Cream Sandwich to Jelly Bean which totally screws with it's already befuddled brain. Sooooo slow, needs constant rebooting, pages flip from top to bottom and back for no reason whatsoever. Memory overloaded with any nasty little program Google could think to  hide in it. Hubby's LG gets far better signal or atleast a signal LONG before I get one (if I ever get one). Stay away from this phone besides it costs too much for a piece of junk that it is.

This is my first smart phone. Is it the top of the line such as the iPhone 5 or 4S? No. Is it the Galaxy 3 or 4? No but for what it is and what I use it for I like it so far. I also like the plane that Virgin Mobile has. $35 a month with unlimited messaging and data there are not many planes out there like that for smart phones. If you are looking to get into smart phones and can't go for the top of that line yet this is a great phone to start with.

I recently went month to month to save on cell phone bills, and decided on this phone. Since I started up with Virgin and left behind Credo, I had to get rid of my Samsung Galaxy S2 4G Epic. I miss that phone quite a bit, as this new one is a lot less responsive when the screen is touched, and everything seems to run slower. Yes, I knew it was a less capable phone, so I understood what I was getting into. But man, I didn't think I'd miss being able to have what felt like a tiny computer in my hand. The S2 was awesome. Can't imagine what having an S4 is like...Maybe in a year or so I'll go back to the latest Galaxy S...those things are really excellent; I miss the larger, sharper screen because I have large hands; it also had a faster processor, better reception and sound, etc. I guess the Reverb will have to do for now.

Man, what can I say.  I got this phone and no looking back.  The speed, the graphics, the sound, the value!!  How can any other phone even come close for this price range.  You will not be disappointed.

I was able to get this phone at an amazing price just after Thanksgiving -- however, I feel that, even at the regular retail price, it is a great buy. Compared with all of your options for phones from Virgin Mobile, this is probably the best choice for 98% (or more) of users. I made the switch from a LG Optimus Slider, and I'm loving (almost) every minute of it!This phone is slim and lightweight, but still with a bit of substance to it -- so you can still notice you're holding onto something -- it just won't weight you (or your pockets) down. I put my Samsung Galaxy Reverb into a made-to-fit "rubberized" case (while I purchased the case elsewhere, I'm sure the ones being sold on amazon are identical). The case is (surprisingly) really not that "rubberized" of a texture, it's just not slick like polished plastic. I like uniform flatness the case gives to the backside of the phone, and I especially like the rim ('round the edge) it provides on the front side.Anyway, on with the phone... Yes, the screen is not the biggest available -- it is precisely 4" when measured diagonally. There are some other phones with larger screens, but screen size is not everything. Four inches is a pretty good enough size for me (especially when upgrading from the Optimus Slider's 3.2" screen), and it should be sufficient for the vast majority of users out there. Any bigger and you start getting to the point of asking yourself, "Is this supposed to be a cell phone or a tablet?" Besides, the screen, with its high resolution and brightness, is beautiful -- and incredibly touch responsive.While the screen is made using Gorilla Glass (many sites do not note this fact, but I've come across resources that confirm it), it still feels like glass. Be it however strong and crack resistant, there actually IS a way to make it so your fingers slide across the screen with absolutely NO effort. In my hunt for a good quality screen protector, I came across two that use an application process that does NOT use static (like most cheap screen protectors), as well as that are cut to fit the screen exactly (rather than have a cut-out section, with corners, for around the earpiece and camera areas). They are from Skinomi and IQ Shield -- both true "screen shields" rather than just "screen protectors." Being that reviews for Skinomi screen protectors (for other model phones) tended to be less-than-stellar, I chose IQ Shield.IQ Shield LIQuidSkin - Samsung Galaxy Reverb Screen Protector Ultra Smooth Film + Lifetime Replacement WarrantyPair this screen shield with the Galaxy Reverb and you won't be disappointed.Android 4.0 ICS is really easy to use and to get used to. There are many more customization and settings options compared with previous versions of the OS. I like how they did away with the "search" button at the very bottom -- it looks just a little cleaner. I'm not really sure how to describe the rest of the OS, so I'll just say, "Try it, and I'm certain you will like it!"I haven't heard anyone else mention this, but when I first was setting up my phone, it immediately started downloading something called Mobile ID. I'm pretty sure this is Virgin Mobile's new version of their own proprietary app package. Right after installing (which also was automatic) it changed a few things, including the home screen and the icon layout. I did not like this and was irritated. I tried to find the app by name and uninstall it, but to no avail. So, since I'd yet to add anything personal to the phone, I did a Factory Data Reset. But that just took me around in a circle, leading back to having the Mobile ID package load back onto the phone. After a minute of playing around, however, I was able to get things back to the way I wanted them (still, though, without being able to uninstall the Mobile ID package). I just wish it were mentioned somewhere (especially on the Virgin Mobile website) so that I wasn't left confused and perplexed.The specs do mention that this phone only has a single core, rather than dual-core (or more) like the higher-end phones. But to me it seems very fast, fluid, and quite capable. I'm sure this phone will handle almost anything most users are going to throw at it. The only problem I've run into so far is that I sometimes have to tap the screen more than once to get it to register my command. I'm not sure if this is a hardware or a software issue, and I'm also not sure if this little problem is unique to me and my phone (since I haven't heard of others mentioning it). Anyway, it's really not something to give a big complaint about. I'm especially hesitant to detract from the features and usefulness of this phone, given it's many highlights.I've yet to play around with either of the cameras, so I cannot comment on that. Wi-fi works great, as expected. I was pleased to be able to set it up using the WPS feature -- super easy! I was hoping that this phone would make a big leap in signal strength compared with my previous phone. There is a bit of a stronger connection, but nothing incredible. My house, as well as my sister's, is just in a precise location where the cell towers don't reach very well. Messages are never missed. However, voice calls can be difficult to connect to at times, and data connections, even 3G, are usually painfully slow. I don't find it as much of a fault of the phone, though -- just crappy network locations. Anywhere away from the house, especially on the road, is just fine. The GPS is quite intuitive, by the way. You practically may not even require an individual GPS unit, depending on your needs.After experiencing the ever-so-popular lack of battery life with my previous Android phone, I was very relieved to find that this phone's battery lasts for quite a sufficient amount of time (still, obviously, nowhere near the "rated" battery life --- I'd like to know who came up with those ratings). I'd been so used to having to recharge my phone EVERY night, many times before the day was over, that I'd given up on thinking there were phones that existed with much better battery life. Even before I installed the Juice Defender app (highly recommended for getting the most out of your battery) it was noticeable how well this phone's battery preformed. Now I can go two full days (of light phone usage) without connecting the charger and the battery hasn't been completely depleted yet. By the way, I especially love, and find quite useful, the optional feature of the percentage indicator (located next to the battery icon). Do take into account, however, that I'm not a heavy user, and everyone is bound to have different results. I just thought this all was worth mentioning.So, everything taken into account, I'm extremely pleased with my purchase of the Samsung Galaxy Reverb. While not quite top-of-the-line, but definitely miles above bottom-of-the-line, it's quite a feature-rich, affordable phone, especially when paired with the Virgin Mobile service. You can go ahead and do all the research you want (which I encourage) but I'm sure you'll be pleased if you decide to land with this phone.

This phone was surprisingly good. I bought it for my daughter, and she loves the phone, and never puts it down. She just has anime books, apps,  and tons of music on it. So this week we went out and bought a 8 gb memory chip so she can transfer the music and other items to that and free up more phone space. Overall, so far so good, a few months of ownership.

this is a great phonehoweverbe very aware of the jelly bean update. after this update the phone does show problems. its apparent that this is an ongoing issue for this model. if possible please stay on ice cream sandwich. (ICS ) other than that this is a great phone. and by far the best one i have owned. the only reason i rated it 4 out of 5 stars is because of the common issues with the jelly bean ( JB) update. .prosbattery life.durabilityresponsecheap smart phoneconsjelly bean updatescreen becomes unresponsive (JB problem )random phone restarts ( JB problem )

I've had this phone for under a year and its plagued with random issues here and there.It still works but there is always some kind of issue.  There's always a lag in response to doing anything.Started out great, then flaked out after adding a nominal amount of apps (still plenty of memory open, so it says).My GF has the Galaxy SIII, different class of phone (also VM).

I had some problems initially, but Virgin Mobile customer service was very helpful.Overall it's a good phone especially for the price.I wish it wasn't turning off so quickly, you have to press the on button frequently.

I love my new phone.  This is my first smartphone and I can't believe I waited so long to get one.  I love that it's connected to my google account so I have auto back up of pics & contacts.  I've had Virgin Mobile service for years & I've been happy, but now I'm even happier with this phone.UPDATE 3/24/2013:  Well, after having the phone for a month the speaker just stopped working... I can't even hear a ringtone!  I can hear media if I use earphones.  It must be a fluke or just my bad luck, right?  I'm so disappointed :( especially since it's so new and I've treated my phone better than a newborn baby.  I have ordered a replacement and will return this phone.  I was so excited about getting this phone and I still love all the features.

Edit August 2013:I am downgrading my experience to three stars. Here's why:After the Android update mentioned on other reviews, the phone does indeed freeze up every so often. You need to hold the power button down for a minute until it restarts itself. Of course, the phone has a panic sensor and freezes at the exact worst time when you need to make a call.The screen responsiveness is pretty mediocre; I can type better & faster on my old 2nd Generation Ipod. I installed Go Keyboard and only modest improvement. If you have fat fingers like me, beware. I am constantly mistyping things and autocorrect is awful.The phone does get bogged down when multitasking. Running something like Pandora and GPS Navigation simultaneously while driving will drain the battery even when plugged in. The phone gets toasty hot in the process. So, if you're in for a long car ride, decide which is more important because it can't handle much more than 4 hours of both -- even plugged into the car adapter and you start off fully charged.That said, for this price range, it's pretty good, especially considering the monthly savings by not being locked into a contract. But at this point you can probably do better if you can spring 50 bucks more. I am still happy overall as I can use Skype to make overseas calls for cheap, check the weather and look up restaurants on yelp when out of town. But, I wish it had a bit more oomph.One thing of Note with Virgin Mobile: It only works in the US. You travel out of the country, there is no way to use the phone except over wifi at a hotel or so. There does not appear to be any roaming plan one can buy which was a bummer on our vacations abroad this summer.Old review:I was one of those people who still had a "dumb phone" -- I refused to pay $80+ a month on a contract carrier to have a smartphone. Once I learned of Virgin Mobile, I could not wait to drop the contract. I ended up getting this phone, I was debating between this one and the HTC Evo V and the HTC One V. The Evo had some terrible reviews concerning battery life and connectivity, plus the 3 D camera seemed like a dumb gimmick. The HTC One V has a smaller screen and no front facing camera (I wanted to be able to do video calls). I live in a mostly rural area and 4G is practically nonexistent so I did not feel like shelling out $100 extra for a 4G phone (e.g. the Galaxy SII) that would only work in whenever I would take a trip to a large metro area. Once they expand the 4G LTE network to my area I may consider getting an upgrade but I presume that is still some time away.The Samsung reverb fits all these requirements perfectly. I have family overseas so I really wanted to be able to do video calls on Skype. This works great when connected to WiFi, and can even do voice calls with Skype if the 3G signal is strong. Battery life is good, I get about 2 days but I am a light user -- I just use it to check the news or email every couple of hours -- I don't spend hours gaming or texting each day. I love streaming music with it while at the gym or at the office. I may get a bigger SD card and put all my music on it and have it as backup to my iPod, which is getting kinda old.The camera pictures do come out rather shaky and blurry. Other than that, it runs pretty smooth. The transition from landscape to horizontal is a bit shaky, it always takes a few seconds to register you have turned it. So, as others have reviewed, is it the best out there? No. But pretty good enough especially if you are a non-power user. Watch for fluctuating prices here on Amazon and Virgin, I spent 2 weeks watching the price go up and down $30.

What a Joke after the Jelly bean Update it was all downhill with random reboots, Slow performance and occasional freezes. I thought it was good with ICS Android but it is NOT COMPATIBLE WITH JELLY BEAN FROM WHAT I've FOUND OUT. Samsung knows all about this and after 1 Virgin replacement (Bought from Best Buy) and THEN 2 SAMSUNG DIRECT REPAIRS its worse than the beginning. They just told me they repaired it as per request but as soon as out of the box INSTANT RANDOM REBOOTS! Same thing with the Samsung Ring too since the internals are almost the same. Do NOT Buy these Cells unless you want to have a useless phone withing a week to a month.Mine reboots at anytime whether Wake Up, App touch, During text and almost anything. Plus after the Samsung Repair it now has an occasional endless boot loop. This is just the endless logo Samsung without booting into android so hit the power button for a bit when you see Samsung or else hit the cell on concrete!This cannot be hardware since its cannot be fixed but Samsung Rep told me he was satisfied with the job they did!!!!!!What an idiot! SAMSUNG DOES NOT CARE AT ALL! I'm just pissed off at their attitude.They told Virgin to Update from Android ICS to JB by their thorough testing which was a joke.Virgins kind of caught in between now.I always look at benchmarks first to see what your getting for your money and this one is low.Using Performance Benchmarks lets you see EXACTLY where these cells fit in the power and performance range. You can download the Passmark Test from Google Play yourself and run several for an average but make sure all open Apps are closed and reboot once. Then about 15 to 100 people submit these Benchmarks for every phone around and the guys Average them out so they are right on. Individual tests for CPU, Disk and Memory reads & writes, with 2D & 3D Video comprise the OVERALL Passmark System Performance. These will change with more testers submitting scores in time.Seems to be that around 1700 to 2000 Passmark is the perfect match for great performance overall.BUY THE LG OPTIMUS F3 and you will be Happy!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~OVERALL SYSTEM PERFORMANCE is as follows:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~LG Optimus V @ 537Old HTC One V @ 1100Samsung Reverb/Ring @ 1260 (identical internals)Samsung Victory (SPH-L300) @ 1608LG Optimus F3 (LS720) @ 1784Samsung Galaxy S2 (SPH-D710) @ 1788Samsung Galaxy S3 (SPH-L710) @ 2074Google LG Nexus 4 @ 2556Google LG Nexus 5 @ 3768IPhone 4S @ 1600IPhone 5 @ 3612~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~CPU RATING is as follows:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~LG Optimus V @ 564Old HTC One V @ 1370Samsung Reverb/Ring @ 1650 (identical internals)Samsung Victory @ 3948LG Optimus F3 (LS720) @ 4210Samsung Galaxy S2 @ 4300Samsung Galaxy S3 @ 4795Google LG Nexus 4 @ 9757Google LG Nexus 5 @ 13,996IPhone 4S @ 8867IPhone 5 @ 22,693

I have been using this phone for about 6 weeks now. It's my first android phone, so I was completely psyched to get it. I suppose it does the job, but the screen often freezes and I have to remove the battery to restart it. One day this happened four times in 2 hours, which was rather annoying. I've researched that issue and even replacement phones seem to do this. The phone also has the annoying habit of restarting itself randomly.... which is a pain if you didn't have it muted because the lame start up music blares and everyone around you knows what just happened. 9 times out of ten it is operating just fine. It's those glitches that made me knock it down to 3 stars

My wires first smart phone! and for the price she is MORE than happy, its  areal galaxy that does it all

Switched (upgraded ) so I thought , from optimus elite to this galaxy reverb, I used the reverb for 2 months and then switched back to optimus elite . I dont know if I got a lemon (Reverb) but I have nothing good at all to say about it. Horrible !!!

definite step up from Optimus V, fast and reliable. only thing I am annoyed with is, Samsung essentials pack wanting to constantly install, which will change my current settings, eventhough i say never install.

this phone is perfect until you update it to jellybean 4.1.2 DO NOT UPDATEthe phone FREEZES ALOT and if your a fan of wifi tethering THE UPDATE DISABLES IT you can't Tether on any app UNLESS YOU ROOT ITother wise wifi Tethering is overFoxfi, pdanet, tetherfy, and ALL OTHER tethering apps ARE BROKEN and also if you update it THERE'S NO WAY TO ROOT IT so KEEP 4.0 ICS OS AND CHARISH IT don't make the same mistake i did

I choose this rating because of the front facing camera and the face unlocking setting. The phone is just the right size and its AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

yes yes yes..order it! I just got my new Reverb 3 days ago.. I was blown away! its like having a $600 phone and has many  of the same features  as the costly phones ..

This is pretty nice phone; however, it does not have the face lock feature as presented.  I've had a replacement already under warranty because the home keys would not stay lit even though I have them set to always be on.

This is a good phone, good touch screen action, runs Android. I have only 5-6 &#34;extra&#34; apps - more than what was loaded when I received the phone - and the phone still runs well. Very good at picking up Wi-Fi networks, battery usage is significantly extended when Wi-Fi is on for facebook, gmail, etc. For a &#34;cheap&#34; phone (compared to other smartphones), it is meeting all my needs! I don't do a lot of streaming, so I can't comment on the performance.

good middle of the road phone.it's reasonably fast, considering its a single-core processor. Only minor complaints 1 is that its casing is smooth and makes a fairly slippery,the power button seems to get a little sticky and wants to shut off and turn on. It has good battery life, it has a nice camera.

I received this phone as a gift so I hate to complain, but after using it for 7 months (and on my second phone), I must conclude that this phone is not so great. Key board is terrible!! I thought it was just my fingers, but after using a an iPhone and even my husband's htc, I realize the key board is of poor design and technology. The screen freezes frequently, requiring me to remove the battery, and when I do this, my battery % goes way down and I have to recharge, sometimes I am unable to get to a charger right away and my phone is dead within a few hours. I had to get a second phone because it stopped connecting to 3G; apparently it is just easier to give me a new phone rather than try to fix the problem. I do like that it isn't so massive to carry and talk on and the over-all use of the apps and features is satisfactory, but the key board is such an issue that I am looking forward to a new phone.

This phone is a upgrade from my previous Virgin Mobile phone.  I love all the features it has.  The only problem I have with the phone is that sometimes it will freeze and the screen will become unresponsive.

On the surface, Reverb appears to be good phone. Cheap price, great reviews and runs the latest Android software. And Virgin had some of the best pricing for smart phone plans.Problem as stated by some of the latter reviews is the auto-update to Jelly Bean turns the phone turn into an battery draining, software hanging dog of a phone. Maybe this is how Samsung is trying to get people to upgrade their phone. Just roll-out a release to make you hate your current phone. They just should have not allowed the release on this phone. I didn't see a permanent way to avoid having the release or rolling back to previous release.The screen is unbearable in direct sunlight. Makes it very difficult to take photos of your family out in the park. And dimming the screen is needed to make the battery last. Can literally be impossible to see the screen outside.Some of the cool apps that I wish worked great actually fail. Google Hangout works for a bit and then hangs. I was using Wi-Fi so it should have worked. Also, for some reason the buttons at the bottom of the phone become unresponsive and make it impossible to click the "home" button. I wish these were real buttons and not capacitive buttons. Since you have no feedback I wasn't sure if it was me or the phone. But its the phone.This is my first smart phone. I switched from a flip phone that had a battery that lasted weeks even with several calls. This sound is decent but sometimes is robotic sounding. Maybe it was because I had less bars than my Verizon flip phone. But I had less bars in a lot of areas in town. Data connection is actually pretty good. So, email and simple apps that use the Internet run great (eg. banking app). I wanted less bells and whistles but you might be better off a bigger phone with more memory if Samsung auto-updates the OS.I like Virgin Mobile and the do allow upgrading a better phone without penalty. But in summary just avoid this phone to begin with.

I bought this phone in August 2013. It was a little buggy at first (freezing up and restarting on it's own once in a while) then Samsung/VM had some updates that fixed that and I haven't had any issues after the first couple of weeks.I've been using it for 10 months now. It's running Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean. It's been a decent phone, great screen quality, good call quality, half way decent pictures, battery life is average. Limited memory so you can't have a ton of apps, but I only have a few anyway (Facebook, Word games, things like that) It's not fancy like the Galaxy S series or an iPhone, but it gets the job done if you just need a smartphone that doesn't have all the bells n whistles, but still good enough to stay connected with social media & to play some games that aren't memory hogs. Only issue, I did have a hardware/speaker failure in May 2014, BUT Virgin Mobile is honoring their 1 year warranty and sending me a new phone. I lost all sound in calls, apps, notifications. Phone still texts (what I do mostly anyways) and apps function, vibrates so I can still know when I get a message....just no sound.

Virgin Mobile works great overall..with exception of some spots and inside my house, but big deal. this phone is almost awesome...my wife has the same exact samsung galaxy and for some odd reason, the Virgin Mobile version decides to put the power button in a very odd spot, right/top?? Really guys? My wifes' version is on the side, which is easy, all of my previous phones had power button on the side as well. This makes it a bit off putting- but that aside, the phone is great and I've still barely gotten into it. Loving the interface and the latest Android interface!!

I got the 2 day shipping on this phone, and all I had to do was go to the virgin mobile website & click the swap phones icon. When I did, I followed the instructions ( only a few ) it said nothing about switching plans, so I kept the grandfathered $25 plan. I switched from a LG Optimus V and saw A LOT of different upgrades! I LOVED IT!!! Just remember to put a case on it because it's kind of slippery, not as much as others say. It comes with a screen protector already put on, a usb charger, and manuals. It's everything I've ever wanted! If you have any questions, feel free to leave them under as comments!

I like the phone for what is used for as prepaid. Slim and stylish. Signal though is not that great when used indoor (maybe from cell provider). Fast and has full web capabilities.

Since I've used it in about the three weeks it has locked about every other day or applications shut down for no reason. The wifi function comes on with out permission sucking down the battery. I'm going to get it replaced or money back its worse than the cheap phone I used to have.

This is the worst phone i have ever owned i payed 200 for this when it came out now it unlocks itself and changes my background and plays music when just sittin on the table not to mention the touchscreen locking up and not working im not sending it in for an exchange i dont want this phone

My sons loves the phone. We have 5 other lines with verizon and didnt want to switch to the share everything plan, so gave virgin mobile a try. Phone has been working great for the 1st week he has used it. Great reception even in the small town in AZ that we live in. Would highly recommend

I purchased this for about half price of retail and think it was a pretty good deal. Speaker phone is echoey but I think that's true of many phones. Not much memory but does hold an SD card; i use a 32 gb. Battery life is ok. Seems pretty sturdy.

this is a decent phone but i've been spoiled by the HTC evo 4g 3d--for a few bucks more I would go with the latter.

This is one of the worst phones I have ever used.  The touch screen is atrocious.  There is something wrong with the sensitivity that makes using the keyboard feel like typing with your toes.  Also, on occasion, the touch screen STOPS WORKING ENTIRELY.  You have to actually take off the back and remove the battery in order to even restart the damn thing.  And then there is the USB connectivity.  Every phone I have ever owned automatically goes into USB mode when I plug it in, or at least gives me the option to go into USB mode when I plug it in.  This one is like flipping a coin to see whether or not it will actually show up on your computer when you plug it in.  On top of that, it transfers at abysmally slow rates, and sometimes it likes to just disconnect itself out of nowhere.  So, hey, you wanna transfer a large file or a lot of files?  You better sit there the entire time and make sure it doesn't mess up.  HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE PHONE.  The Optimus V from LG is 30 bucks less and FAR superior if you can deal with the slightly smaller screen.

I upgraded from the LG Optimus Elite and I have to say I find this phone much better. It is about the same size as the Elite but with a larger screen and front facing camera.  The speakers are louder and looks sleeker than the Elite, since it only has three buttons and a curved bottom.  The OS is much more intuitive and has several more setting variations available. The internet connection is much better and that is I'm assuming from the CPU and ROM capabilities.

It meets my needs well. It is not the fastest latest phone but it functions well for a light to moderate user. It is easy to learn to use and does most everything a smart phone should do. I have been using the phone for over a year with no problems.

I switched from a very old Blackberry to this Samsung Galaxy Reverb in January.  If you like being frustrated, this is the phone for you!  The Reverb loves to stop working at the most inopportune moments, like when you're GPSing your way around a new state or trying to check your email for your flight confirmation number.  God forbid you try to both take a picture and listen to Pandora.  Satan's Reverb will laugh in your face at the mere thought of multi-tasking.  I'm on my second Reverb, and phone number two seems to have been crafted by the Devil's minions themselves.  This phone will constantly slide out of your hand, pocket, purse, cleavage, ect. and delights in smashing itself on the ground and hurling its case and back cover off.  Hopefully you like to text, because then you will get a taste of the best part of this beauty: its total inability to display a keyboard in a timely fashion.  If it's an emergency, you'll probably want to just call the person.  Satan's phone is known to shut down all touch responsiveness the moment someone is trying to call you.  You will need to reboot it in order to try to return the call.  But good luck!  Often the battery needs to be removed completely, so don't bring this phone with you in a blizzard because the more you rely on it the more likely it is that you will freeze to death before it deigns to assist you.  You would get a better deal by lighting your money on fire.

This is the best phone for virgin mobile it has done everything for me that I needed to do it does not compare to any of the other phones Virgin Mobile has to offer it has LED flash very bright and a front facing camera but images on the screen are also very clear and the processor is very quickly you would be dumb if you do not get this phone so easy to operate the best thing I like about this phone is that the speech to text feature it is very quickly and I'm using it right now to type this review I am NOT typing anything I am just saying it and the phone is typing it for me

The seller I bought it from failed to mention the scratched screen and internal damage done to the system. Id imagine the phone is quite nice, but mine has a way to many performance issues that I can not look past. In general though I feel like the phone itself is a good replacement of the more popular Galaxy SIII, Its cheaper and a bit smaller.

I received this phone 3 days ago, and while I think it is a cool phone with nice features, I am already having some seriously frustrating issues.So far in 3 days, there have been 2 times that the touch screen just stops working. The lock screen pops up, but I cannot swipe to unlock, I press the power button to shut down and the power options show, but the screen will not let me select anything. I have had to remove the battery to restart both times. My boyfriend has this phone also and has had this same issue from time to time.I also have had issues while on phone calls. The sounds seems to keep cutting out, or getting waves of static. I suppose this could be a service issue, but I have had Virgin mobile for over a year and never had issues in my home with service or sound quality (I had the LG Optimus before, and though the functionality was limited, seemed to be a decent phone).I plan to keep close tabs of any issues over the next day or so while I decide whether or not to return this phone.

This product I great. It is my first phone and has held up wonderfully. There only two annoyances. First, it is nearly impossible to find a good case for the phone. Most cases pop open when you drop them, and off comes the backing in the battery. Considering how many times I've dropped it my screen hasn't cracked. The second thing to be aware of is, the power button is sticky and sometimes it gets stuck in the phone causing it to restart. It is a simple fix, I personally have got in the habit brushing my finger against the power button, which usually unsticks it. Overall I love the phone and would recommend it to anyone.

UPDATE on 23 June 2013: I've revised this to 2 stars instead of 1 star because i'm holding out hope that Samsung/Virgin will get issues resolved w/a new OTA update at some point.  But since updating to jb, i've had nothing but problems with this phone.  It's a shame because, as you can see from my glowing review from before (the part that follow this updated review) I really liked the Reverb when it was running on ICS.  but now it freezes up at lockscreen with regularity and, worse, I suddenly lose all my internal (rom) memory!  I called Samsung tech support and supervisor said they know that the update is not working for this phone but he couldn't be sure when a fix would be issued.  I would NOT buy this phone unless/until they figure out how to make it right again.  What a shame that a once reliable phone is now the cause of so much frustration.  I feel like I've lost all the $ put into buying this phone and accessories for it.  I'm hoping Samsung will stand behind its product and do right by its customers.  and SOON.  Depending on how this gets resolved, I may not even be sticking with Virgin.  I've read many recent reviews on their site w/ppl complaining that Virgin is only replacing phones with refurbs that have same problems.  (that's because it's the new OS that's the problem and until that software/firmware is resolved, nothing else will fix it)  This phone would be better off if they just returned the OS back to ICS, but I doubt they'll do that.  Again, steer clear of this phone.  The recent negative reviews are true.  You've been warned .........OLD REVIEW:Got this phone during Black Friday sale for hundred bucks so couldn't justify paying 3x that for the newly released Galaxy S2.  This phone has not disapointed, esp coming off the LG Optimus V. It's an upgrade in every possible way.  ICS is great and, while the 2gb of internal memory that's available isn't spacious by today's standards, it's still plenty for loading up a raftfull of apps n games.  The 1.4ghz processor is more than serviceable and  can handle even  some of the more demanding games on the market such as Dead Trigger w/nary a lag.  I liked the physical build features of my old Optimus V and this phone shares a number of them:  there's an actual camera button, a solid volume rocker, an external microsd card slot that isn't hidden under the battery cover and the power button on top has worked w/out a single glitch (some others have reported that it sticks but, thankfully, not the case with my phone) The 4" screen is very good tho could have a little more contrast.  (this is where the GS2 woiuld prob really outshiine the Reverb w/bigger Superamoled screen)  Still, overall this display  is just fine.  My poweramp music player sounds just great pumping music through the single speaker on back, as do other apps like Google Music and TuneIn radio.  Battery life has also been more than adequate, going most days on a single charge.  Have also heard that this phone now has root access so that's another positive for those looking to go custom rom route.  Adding a case and screen protector (liquid iq shield) has  made this phone feel very solid and safe.  It also accepts 64gb microsd card. (just insert in phone w/nothing more to do.)  Regarding that pesky "ID pack download" that is always ready to install, I finally installed it w/no damage done.  I just returned to my Nova Launcher as deafault.  Didn't seem to take much internal memory away either, which was my main fear.  (I didn't download any additional ID packs tho, either)  Finally, call quality is excellent!  Can't comment much about the camera as I've not taken many pix but it does have a nice UI and from what i've read, is pretty decent.  All in all, this 3G phone from Virgin is very solid and a great value!

I have had the same phone for about three years and it has been getting slower and slower. This one arrived today and I had it set up and going within a half hour. I am excited to find out all the things it can do.

Theres a reason why this phone is on sale. It has a freezing problem. Do reviews, you'll see it all over the internet of the same complaint. Only wish I reviewed harder before I bought it.

Overall, I really like this phone.  I've had it for a few weeks now.  It's fast, responsive, intuitive.  The User Interface is great.  I had a Droid Incredible prior to this phone.  There are some functions the Droid had that I did like better but there are more functions on this phone that make it much more user friendly.  I would have given this phone a 5 star if it weren't for the case design.  Without an external phone case, holding this phone is like holding a piece of ice.  The edges are round and very smooth.  The back is very smooth.  There was no way I could hold this phone without feeling like it was going to slip out of my hand.  I purchased a rubberized case and problem solved.  I would be willing to bet phones are designed like this on purpose.  It forces customers to purchase accessories.  Conspiracy theory :-).In short, I would recommend this phone.  Especially if you can get it for $150 or less (as of Jan 6, 2013)

The phone itself is comfortable to hold but mind you it is wide; however, the screen is very responsive to the touch and has a good interface. There has also been some negativety abou this phone freezing or restarting on its own and i must say it is rather annoying but other than that the phone is a great little entertainment value with samsung movies and tv episodes. There are better choices though if you are looking for a bang for your buck on virgin mobile either the galaxy ring, or galaxy victory. I myself would go with the SAMSUNG GALAXY VICTORY because of the dual core 1.2 snapdragon s4 lite chips and the NFC capabality that allows you to share photos and videos with other NFC devices. But here are some notable specs that are good for this device4.0 touch screen with touch wizThe single core 1.4 processorThe 1.3 front facing cameraRemovable batteryAnd expendable memory up to 64 gig

I've had the phone for more than a week and I really can't say anything bad about it. I previously had an LG Optimus V. This phone is so much faster. The screen is large and bright. The camera takes great pictures and video. There is a ton of memory. Telephone calls are very clear and the voice recognition is very accurate. I'm really enjoying this phone.Update:  After the jellybean update, I'm experiencing the same problems a lot of other people are having with the screen freezing. I even did a factory reset. I've contacted both Virgin Mobile and Samsung with no luck. I hope they come up with a solution.

We bought this phone so that my son could have unlimited texting for a good price through Virgin Mobile. Bad idea! There is a software malfunction with this model of phone (he is on his third replacement phone)that makes the screen freeze. The only fix is to remove the battery, replace it and restart the phone. My son has been living with this problem and has been promised that there will be a software update the last week of September 2013 to fix it. In the meantime, however, a new problem has arisen in that service drops in our immediate neighborhood. After three days of this, we called Virgin again. They are checking into it and promise a call back in 24-72 hours. This phone has faulty software. Virgin Mobile has inadequate support and lousy customer service. I'm thinking that we will switch back to a Straighttalk phone that uses Verizon service, as we never had a problem with that. And when we do so, we will be filing a second BBB report to demand a full refund on the phone and the service.

This is a nice phone for the daughter it was bought for. The limited Virgin service is good where you can get it and she is more than happy to stay where service is strong. While touring Wyoming and South Dakota, she had almost no service but that is a Virgin shortcoming not the phone.The phone is holding up well with no problems with apps or functionality. The 18 year old that has it loves it.

This phone was horrible from day one, screen blinks at random times for no reason, freezes all the time, you touch on an item and it takes forever to actually come up on screen!

It seems like a wonderfull phone, but it will turn off pretty often without any reason. I bought it 6 month ago, and now it aint working well at all. People who call me barely hear me.. Its a pain in the ass can

I bought this phone a week ago and it has met all my expectations. It is really fast and smooth the Launcher is so so but i just usually use Nova Launcher. The settings and how very customizable android 4.0 is, is great the cameras are great the audio is better than all Virgin Mobile phones and the Screen type has some very amazing contrast. I love it and recommend it to everyone who wants a great Smartphone with android on virgin mobile.

I have waited a month and just paid for my second month with virgin mobile. I wanted a good amount of time to see how the phone and virgin mobile holds up in my area of central coast california.The Phone:The phone is a decent size. It is not tiny but it isnt the monster like the Galaxy S2 that people are so fond of these days. Its light and fits in all my pants pockets very well. The phone has very rounded edges and overall very smooth. It is a good balance between screen size and comfort.Camera: This is one of the weakest points of the phone for me. The camera always gives you fine grains in the image even when turning the sharpness off and going to the highest resolution. 5 mp is just enough to make decent pictures but dont expect to blow them up and put them on a wall. Plenty for people who want facebook photos.Front Facing Camera:Mostly for skype as the pictures it takes are very low quality and have to many digital artifacts. The face unlock screen for security  works but it can be defeated by using a picture in front of the camera. So I prefer to use a pin number to keep my phone secure.Battery Life:The battery life on the phone is decent lasting all day web browsing and watching netflix on my phone. I have let the phone go a few days without charging when I am only texting and calling.  But generally it should be a good idea to charge any phone when you get the chance because you never know when you may be without a charge and you dont want a dead phone in an emergency.System: The ice cream sandwitch 4.0 is a decent system with common and farmiliar andriod feel we have all come to know and that has become the 2/3 of the phone market.Virgin Mobile:the coverage in my area is pretty good. A few times I have traveled to berkley a 2 hour drive away for a concert and to San Jose a 40minute drive away and I would check my bars and 3g along the way. A few times I have seen the bar drop to One and none. BUT every time I go to make a call my bars average 3. And that is really what counts is when you make a call or send a text that you get too.Overall:The only thing that seriously brought down to a 4 is that it randomly restarts itself once a day at least and sometimes up to 5. Never in the middle of a call or text, but happens usually after being online or on charge unattended for a spell. Its no big deal since most times it happens when on the charge or in my pocket and I here the restart song my phone plays.The phone and service are not solid pieces of fried gold. I came from Verizon to Virgin mobile. Is Verizon faster?... yes.... Does verizon have better coverage?... yes... BUT my monthly verizon bill was $106 every month for almost 3 years. My Virgin bill is $49. So I can pay two months for the price of one. And given that Verizon no longer goes unlimited if I would have signed a new contract my bill would have been $120 a month with Verizon. And yes I know that verizon is the best overall, but at almost 3 times the price thats madness.Yeah sprints network has slower 3g and 4g. Yeah their coverage isnt what verizon or at&t; is. But for $49 a month I have 1200 minutes, unlimited texting, and unlimited data. If you do your homework and check the converage maps for your area you should have a good idea of how the phone will work for you. For me personally the ups out weigh the downs because I am tired of verizon raising the prices and giving you less and less.Fair price for fair Performance.

Compared to previous virgin mobile phones, this one lagged horribly through the text messaging process, shut off randomly, stuttered for reasons I didn't understand, and now it doesn't even get past the &#34;samsung&#34; screen when I turn it on.  (there were numerous other issues - hopefully this is enough to keep you away from this product)

I loved this phone upgraded from an LG Optimus. So far it's working fine.  I had to uninstall Skype from it though..kept freezing my phone but I think it's more of a skype issue than an issue with the phone itself.

This is my first smartphone. I didn't buy it to go with a contract but with Virgin's prepaid or pay per month sort of deal. The first thing you should know is that if you haven't have a smart phone before this will excite you. I spent far too much time playing with my new 'toy.' If you've had a smartphone before you may or may not be entirely pleased.Apps work fine and there is no shortage of freeware to go around. I would be careful with how much you download because the phone only has about 2G of space. That seems like a lot but it's really not. If you want to fill it up, I'd recommend a microSD card (which is has a slot for). The screen is bright enough, though it could be brighter. Still I have no complaints.The service has been great (I checked the map BEFORE buying the phone/plan), though there was one minor hiccup. When I moved to a new location, the phone failed to pick up the 3G even though it should have. My SO bought a different phone but also under Virgin mobile and he managed to pick it up fine. If you have this problem you can probably factory reset. Instead what I did was update to the Android 4.1.2. I have no idea what OS this is -called.- Once I updated, it mapped onto the 3G and I've had no problems since.The update HAS slowed the phone down. It use to be much faster and now it runs a bit more snail-like. This is frustrating but OK. I have had a few problems with the phone but on rare occasions. Just recently the screen locked and wouldn't let me swipe it. I restarted it (held the power button until it just shut off) and it seems to be working normally. IF you can find a way to make it stop nagging you about the 4.1.2 update, then I'd recommend it and not update the OS.Otherwise I'm fairly happy with the phone. I would recommend it to someone who wants a smartphone without being destroyed financially. If you look at the map of coverage before buying the phone then you will get great coverage and a great plan for minimal price. I pay the $35 for unlimited data, unlimited text and limited calls. That is CHEAP compared to most other plans.

I love this phone. it's very light and has good apps. It's prepaid but 1200 min is more than enough, with unlimited online service.

Its an ok phone if all you do is talk and text. It became extremely laggy and the processing power is to slow. Once it started malfunctioning and making random calls I swithed to the Samsung S3.

very low performance, very slow, sometimes I does not work, I tried to return  it, I could not it.  One more example of a cheap , bad quality product.

Let me just start out by saying that I have been spoiled by my ipad. But I would never get an iphone for two reasons- too expensive on a prepaid plan and I abhor itunes. So I had read many many reviews on this phone that were great and I like the Samsung brand. This would be a five star phone except already the back button light is fading in and out after only two weeks. This worries me and I hope I dont have any more issues with it other than that. I want this phone to last me a year minimum.EDIT: What a disappointment this phone has been!! I had to send it back to Samsung to fix. The back button light fading in and out turned into the whole bottom (menu, home and back buttons) working one day and not at all the next. When they didnt work, the only way to get to the home screen was to restart the phone, which I had to do like 25 times one day. I also had problems with the 3G. Twice I had to do a data wipe (factory reset) to get the 3G signal to come back. And when you wipe all the data off the phone all youve got left is whats on your memory card so you have to put ALL the apps back on, make your playlists again on the music player, etc. I hope when it comes back it works right finally!!!!!

Great phone for a cheap price.  Might have a problem activating phone though which is why I rated 4 instead of 5 stars.  The VM rep said that there is a known issue with the serial numbers not being in the system, and it could take 24 to 48 hours to push it thru the system.

I really love this phone! As a person who previously had a LG Optimus One, it is definitely a huge difference, especially in speed and actual performance. Although it is only a single core, I can still run all the apps and games that I want to use. The screen is a really nice size, the sound quality is pretty good, and for a 5mp camera...the pictures I have been taking have came out pretty well.The only thing I don't like is that you can't move apps to your SD card but I think this is more of an issue with phones that have been updated to Ice Cream Sandwich and Jellybean, rather than just Samsung phones in general. Despite that, 2 gbs is way more space to play around with than my old 170 mb, which was a headache to have to always work around. I'm still on the honeymoon phase since I only had this phone since the 9th, but I definitely agree with others on it being one of the best on the VM line up.If you are a gamer who plans to play games such as Chaos Rings or Final Fantasy, I would suggest you go for the Galaxy S II instead because you will definitely need the space. If you are like me and only plan to run apps that are 50 mbs or less, then this is the phone for you! As for the actual service, I didn't have any qualms at all setting it up. Just went on the virgin mobile website and went through the activation page. I was set in less than 5 minutes =)

This phone used to work perfectly, no lag, all my apps worked, no freezing, battery lasted the entire day, GPS worked well and the music player worked well. I would have given it 4 stars.Then we had the jellybean update forced on us on May 16, 2013 and now I'm left with a brick.1. Phone freezes constantly, even during calls. I did all the fixes and even removed screen lock but it still freezes regularly.2. My SD Card became corrupted after the constant hard resets (5 - 7 daily).3. I had to remove the Google Play Music app because it ran constantly after the update and was chewing through the battery.4. My battery life sucks after the upgrade and barely lasts 5 hours with minimal activity.5. All apps lag terribly now. If I press the phone button, I now have to wait 30 secs before my screen displays.6. My phone no longer recognizes or can play MP3 songs.7. GPS no longer works reliably and often requires 1 or 2 reboots to start working again.8. My phone rings out aloud randomly when I have it on vibration only (seriously embarrassing at work).Beyond disappointed as I only had the phone for a short while before it was bricked. Horrible waste of money considering that I paid full price for it. Don't waste your time on this phone.I called Virgin Mobile and they gave me a fix to completely reset the phone back to Icecream Sandwich. Not certain why they pushed the Jellybean update because that update is intended for dual-core phones and this is a single core phone. I found an app called SMS Backup and Restore to save my text messages before the reset since most of my other phone settings are backed up to the Web. I have not tried the fix yet but will update the review after I do so.Update: 10/9/13I didn't find time to do the Virgin Mobile update but it worked out well because the latest Samsung update appears to have fixed all the issues the first Jellybean update caused. The Android version is still 4.1.2 but the phone is so much smoother now. The battery stays charged all day - 76% to 85% at the end of the day with minimal use rather than completely dead like it was just a few days before. The phone has not frozen a single time in 4 days. Before the 2nd update it was freezing 5-6 times a day. The phone responds so much more quickly now. I have to give it more time but I think I have my old phone back.

I've had this phone for a few weeks and it works almost flawlessly. The only problem is that the touchscreen sometimes freezes. Other than that, it's a bargain smartphone.

I am still learning it and getting used to it, but I am really loving it so far. This is my first ever actual android phone and I have had no issues with it outside of just learning it and getting used to it. For what I use it for, it's excellent.

So, like at least one other person here, I upgraded from a Samsung Intercept.  (Note:  if you were running an early generation Android on VM-USA and had the $25 plan, your upgrade means you can't keep the $25 plan and need to go to $35 plan minimum.  Wish it was otherwise, but not too big of a deal.)So in terms of performance (after 1 day) it is much faster.  The screen is easier to read.  Battery so far seems to be much better as well.The one negative I've noticed so far and others have noted as well, is that it is a bit slick.  I got a generic case/holster to protect it, but I might actually go with some grip tape in some strategic spots for holding the phone.Anyway, I really like it so far.  I'm still getting it set up.  Great deal for $99 on CyberMonday.I'll update this review if I find anything that would change my mind.

I waited a month to see how I would like using my phone after the newness wore off. I upgraded from the Samsung Intercept, and I love my Galayx Reverb! It is so much faster and easier to use. It does everything I want it to do, and does it right away. No more long picture uploads to facebook...what once took over a minute on my Intercept takes just a few seconds on my Reverb. I am so happy I made the switch!

This phone is tough to beat for the price. The display is very bright and crisp, call quality is great, on board speakers sound decent for a phone, battery life is acceptable, not too heavy, feels solid and well built. There's little to no "bloatware" installed on it (though VM keeps trying to get me to download their "essentials" ID pack which I keep ignoring. I'd prefer stock Android but the Samsung Touch Wiz is really not bothersome at all.My wife has an HTC One V which I am also very impressed with. Deciding whether to order another one of those or this phone was difficult. Now having both, I really don't think you can go wrong with either. I was concerned that this phone would feel cheap compared to the all aluminum HTC but this one is plenty solid. This one supports a larger SD card and has a removable battery and I think a smidge better processor. Otherwise they're pretty comparable. We upgraded from LG Optimus phones and the difference is night and day.

This phone is nice, very lite. I am not unhappy with it but I have been having problems with this phone switching back and forth, by itself,  from screen to screen(photo gallery to contacts to home screen and back to photo gallery) when I am trying to text or make a call. If thte phone would not do that, it would be a great phone.

I got this phone over a month ago and it has exceeded my expectations. The camera works very well, very easy to use. The sound is excellent for such a small phone. The app store has more stuff than I would ever want. I have it connected to my home network which saves on my network use, was very easy to connect the bluetooth for my headset. WIFI connection is a smooth transition when not on the home network. I like the sd card slot and save my pics and videos to, which load to facebook very easily.Calls are very clear, and I love the alarm clock app. I would definately reccommend this to anybody that wants a smart phone, but isn't willing or able to sink the kids college fund into buying it.

I just switched from the battery hog EVO 3d to this phone and im ver very hapy with it  my sister has a galaxy s3 other then the 8mp camera and the size it a mini s3tho you do have to keep up with the task killing to keep the phone running smooth and it doesnt have gorilla glass....its battery lasts 24 plus hours while in use if wifi is off and britness is turned down and vibrating key pad and little sounds are off it lasts and lats all day on a full charge i highly recomment getting screen protector and case for this phone it does feel fragile but then again the galaxy s3 feels like a corn flake haha  anyway good phone great battery A++

I got this phone because of the on board space available. However, you cannot actively put apps on the SD card, the screen has a tendency to simply stop working and it seems to get really laggy at times. When the touch screen simply stops working, the only fix I have found it to disassemble the phone (pull the battery). If this didn't happen as frequently as it does, I would rate it higher.I do enjoy the wide variety of apps this phone allows me to use over my old phone.

I wanted to post a review for those out there in the category I was in: want an affordable smartphone option.  Affordable can be a relative term, so I will clarify even more.  I was looking for something like $80/month for me and my wife.  Back in the Spring of 2013, I started looking and I checked out the mainstream cellphone providers (ATT, Verizon, etc.), but they all seemed to push us into the $120 - $130 range.  I started looking at the no-contract options with the main providers and the rates came down, but you had to buy a pretty expensive phone.  I went to the smaller no-contract providers and out of them it was fairly even.  It mostly came down to a coverage question.  I found that Virgin Mobile and Boost Mobile (who lease from Sprint), had the best coverage although not like the main providers.  I started looking for phone deals in both and found the Reverb to be a good capacity smartphone for a the money ($130).  I bought two.  I can say that there are days that I really appreciate the phone because it provides all the things you need fundamentally from a smartphone.  But, there are a few things that frustrate me: 1) battery life is bad.  If you are constantly using the phone you have to develop a discipline to keep it plugged in even during the day because the battery drains quickly.  2) Virgin Mobile coverage is spotty.  I live in the Modesto area, where the coverage is pretty good, but just outside of it in surrounding communities, the coverage lowers significantly.  3) the phone initially froze a lot, but now it seems okay.  I think they did a system update to fix the bug. 4) the phone is a bit slow.  5) back camera does not work with QR code reading.  I have to use the front camera, which is totally annoying.  After these things, I feel the phone is a good phone.  Right now I can put up with the frustration, but I know in a year or so, I will be hoping to get a better phone.

I love my phone. I still do not know all what it does but I am having fun finding out. This is my first smartphone and it defintely will not be my last. I plan to upgrade to a bigger screen and I hope Samsung will have come out with a new Galaxy phone next year or the year after next. Love it

This phone was not user friendly and waaayyy too quiet. Worse, Virgin Mobile was just a nightmare for me. The network was so terrible that it was basically not functional.

Had the HTC One V before this and it was awful it always crashed and restarted itself, then I got this and it exceeded my expectations, I would definitely recommend it :)

This phone must have some kind of software problem or something . it freezes up all day long. virgin replaced it with a refub ? the one they sent me was already broken when got it. they sent me a new phone and it did the samething turning off and freezing. now I am on the 4th replacement phone again refurb.?  so I would say ..DONT BUY THIS PHONE !!  do yourself a favor and look for something else.

This phone is hard to type with. 1st day I got it, it turned off by itself, it just keeps messing up.

the phone is very slow, has small amount of memory and responds in a very quirky way, sometimes it won't read your touch then other times it will exaggerate the touch and scroll all the way down. It froze on me almost daily until I downloaded a clean master and that prevented it from happening as often, I do not recommend this product.

The phone will automatically download an app called Mobile ID, and will remind you via notification window if you would like to install The Essentials Pack.  Your options are:  Not Now or Install & Switch.  If however, you do install the app, it will assign you a new wallpaper and widgets pack that is customizable and oriented according to your taste, whether it be music, movie, etc..  If you should decide not to use the new wallpaper pack, you can always switch back to your previous Factory-State preference by way of Choose ID Pack via the Mobile ID widget.I was upset that I couldn't use my original $25.00 phone plan with this phone, as I was told that I had to pay a $15.00 charge to transfer my older VM number to the new phone and pay the new monthly charge of $35.00, so I opted for the upgrade of $10.00 more per month @ $45.00 and get 1200 minutes.This phone is alot faster than my previous Optimus V.  I use the Power Saving mode to conserve the battery---no need to download an app for this like my previous phone.The Pro's:  $$Price$$  149.00 at Virgin Mobile website, Android 4.0.4, Good reliable phone, Web pages load quicker, still fits in my front pocket, 1.4 Ghz processor, 2 GB system rom, mini SD card slot, Photos are crystal-clear, never freezes or locks up.Cons:  Not an iPhone  LOL

This is my third smartphone. I have been a Virgin Mobile user for about 8 years and the Samsung Galaxy Reverb seems to be a good fit for me. I replaced my damaged Kyocera Rise. The Rise has a slider keyboard I thought would make operation easier for me due to my large blunt fingers. That proved to be not true and certain apps and web sites ignored the slider. I found the Reverb touch screen to be a 100% improvement over the Rise. Of course it has much more storage available as well as much faster performance. With smartphones, so far, newer is always better. I still have my old LG Optimus V that I use purely as an unactivated music player and occasional internet device.

Not very user friendly. Keeps freezing  and I have to restart constantly.  Even with a power charger, I am charging it more than I am using it.  When I am on the phone, if I am talking to a land line, I get my voice feedback (Maybe that is Virgin Mobile)..When someone calls and I try to switch over, I always loose the first call.  I'd rather spend a little more and get a better phone - and maybe change my carrier too - Virgin is cheap but sometimes you get what you pay for.

Why buy a more expensive phone when this is perfect for almost any task (especially anything normal people would use it for). Virgin's Unlimited Data plans starting at $35 beats most of the other major carriers. The only downside is that this phone doesn't have 4G capabilities which never bother us as we've never had 3G so anything was an upgrade.This was a replacement for the Galaxy Player that I bought from the Amazon Warehouse (which I had a lot of problems with). Tthis is basically the same thing but cheaper (the Galaxy Player I bought cost me $150, has a better camera, has a camera with flash, has more cases for it, has a microSD port on the side instead of where the battery is, has a camera button and can actually call people and connect to 3G.We've had it for a week and it's been perfect. I will update if anything goes wrong, but it doesn't seem like it will.PS: Kpop is sponsored buy Galaxy products a lot and I like that.

The Samsung galaxy reverb is a hood phone for the money. Its not the s3 but if ur looking for a good smart phone w the Samsung set up... I defiantly recommend it.

I was very disappointed that apps could not be moved from the phone to the SD card.  What is the SD card there for then???????????????????2gb of my phone memory was used up very quickly and I spent hours on the problem.  Probably moving on to another phone.

I purchased this phone three weeks ago and have yet to have a full phone conversation without my calls being dropped. I've also had trouble with the touch screen not reacting so have had to open it up and take out the battery to replace. I'm returning it today. Very disappointed.

battery stop in a week not happy about it is it any thing you can do about it i hope so..

The phone has some really nice features but I have only had it for 3wks now and it is overheating.  What's up with that?  The battery also dies quickly.

Bought this excellent pre-paid phone for my son and he love it.  Real nice android phone, and like Virgin Mobile, pretty good services.

I like the phone but I have had problems with it. My phone drops calls and I actually get the noise that you get when someone else is dialing a number on a landline phone. Very annoying and very strange.  This happens on every call.  Maybe I just got a lemon.

this phone was a downgrade from my htc evo 4g 3d...only got it due to loss and theft of two previous evos...this was all i could afford. also, sometimes the touchscreen will just stop responding to touch and the only way to fix it is to pry open the back and pop out the battery...wait , put it back together and wait some more for the whole thing to reboot. bleh

As other reviewers have said, since the JB update, this phone has become a terrible product.  Extremely sluggish, poor battery life, and unreliable.  After only a few weeks of using this phone, I noticed my touch screen would continuously freeze up on me, sometimes in the middle of a phone call!  At best, if I did not use the phone at all, I could get the battery to last about 24 hrs.  I finally did a complete factory reset on it and avoided installing ANY apps, including the Virgin Mobile ID package.  That way, I resolved the screen freeze problem and was able to get the battery to last about 2.5 days max.  Performance still slow however.  Even using my home wifi network, it would take forever for the phone to load a single webpage.In addition to all these frustrations that render this phone pretty much useless, I would regularly get text messages a day late or miss phone calls that simply did not even register.  Not sure if that's the phone's issue or Sprint's network, which is equally terrible.  DO NOT BUY THIS!

My boyfriend just loves his phone!  it's just like the Galaxy SII but it has a smaller screen.  That's it!  he loves it!  You should buy a case for the phone though.  It's slick and you can't get a good grip on it without a case

This is an amazing device for $120 - seriously. Great battery, enough horsepower to make maps, texts, calls, transitions, etc. seamless. Even runs most games decently well. However! It has been &#34;upgraded&#34; to jellybean, making it sluggish, and what's even worse, the screen now freezes and becomes unresponsive to touch. I was able to root my device and get back to a stock ice cream sandwich, delete some bloatware, and I now have a killer little device that rivals my wife's S III.All in all, I don't recommend this until the freezing/JB bug gets worked out. As of September 2013, both Virgin and Samsung support claim they've never heard of the problem and don't offer much support except an exchange. And guess what, that refurbished unit you get will be running Jellybean, so that will freeze up too.So, if you're comfortable with rooting, I recommend this phone. However! Rooting is only possible if it ships stock ICS. If you turn it on and it's pre-loaded with JB, there's no way (yet) to root. If you turn it on and it's ICS, and immediately upgrades to JB, you have yourself a couple hours of work ahead of you until you have a great phone. Just don't let it run that system update because ICS is SO much easier to root!!

I formerly had a VM Samsung Intercept with Android 2.2.  The intercept was ok but the overall speed was atrocious.  Upgraded to the Reverb with Android 4.0. Even with a single core, the speed is great.  This phone has a good display.  The extensive use of plastic helps keep the phone weight down.  However, this does make the phone slippery and potentially fragile.  You will definitely want to get a case and cover for this phone.  The screen toggle button is on the top right of the phone and is on the smaller side.  This can take some getting used to.  The phone is 3g but for the money I can't complain too much.  I do use wi-fi when possible.  My main beef with this phone is that the camera does a poor job with close up shots of text and bar codes.  Perhaps a future software update can address this.11/4/2012 - Forgot to mention the Reverb comes with a transparent screen cover on it.  It has a tab so you can remove the entire cover.  I just removed the tab and it use it as my poor man's screen protector :)3/4/2013 - Still no patches for the terrible barcode focus / scanning problem.  My older Samsung Intercept phone had 0 problems with scanning 2d barcodes.

2 stars because it lasted about two years. Unfortunately I bought mine when it was a little over $200, horrible decision. Currently finding a replacement because it reboots all the damn time Generally holding down the power button temporarily fixed the reboot loops but it appears to stuck for good now.Overall performance of the phone was also a bit sluggish. It's alright for it's current $80 price but I'd be cautious.

It's an old unit,slow and screen freezes. To fix have to remove battery. Should sell for 99.00 or less. Was 89 on Virgins site when bought 4 months ago. As a started not bad but that's about all

I don't know where to start with this phone.  It reboots on it's own several times a day.  The charger almost has to be on 24/7 as it discharges so quickly.  Trying to get the correct app when you touch the screen is a joke.  If I ever had to make a 9/11 phone call on this phone, I would be in trouble.  I actually carry a second Virgin slider phone with me, so if I have to make a quick call, I can.  Now I have to send the phone back to Virgin because I can not charge it up.  I thought it was the charger at first, but the charger works fine on my Kindle.  Do yourself a favor and do not buy this phone.  I have been tempted to drop it to the Gulf on several occasions.

I was excited when I first got this phone due to the price and the speed it boasted about.  Two days after I had it, the phone completely froze on the swipe screen.  It did this 4 times in one day and had to be rebooted.  Lags in the internet usage as well, and very slow.  Very disappointed.

I'm not a techie so I don't know all the lingo to describe the phone.  I'll just say that for it's price range I think it's a good phone.  I would give it 5 stars if it had a better keyboard.  It's the worst keyboard I have ever worked with on a phone.EDIT:  Since posting this review a problem developed with the phone which has led me to change it from 4 to 3 stars.  This phone is not yet six months old but it's starting to have problems.  Several days ago the screen would go blank while making calls.  It wasn't going blank while surfing on the net or texting, just phone calls.  I think I've figured out that it was the 'Proximity Sensor'.  I turned that off in the phone settings and since then it's been fine.  But again this shouldn't be an issue on such a relatively new phone.

I love Virgin Mobile and this phone is great when it's not doing two annoying things, both of which I can live with but would rather not:1. Lock screen freezes once a week and I have to button restart -- at least the phone restarts quickly.2. Mobile ID keeps asking me if I want to set it up (my answer is "no"; others have noted this annoyance too); you can't remove this without tech skills that I don't want to bother with.Maybe V-Mobile or Samsung will get the message one day.*4 month update: I bumped this phone up one star because the Samsung OTA update fixed the freeze issue for good. Mobile ID seems to have given up. Still only four stars because it is slightly slow. Good thing I'm not important enough for that to matter.

The phone I expected was larger than I thought, it has great resolution in the screen and it comes with the newest software update. However at times it may get a bit slow.I think for a prepaid phone under $150 it is great.

I had the samsung intercept for over 2 years. I got the Reverb about 3 months ago. I like it a lot. It has a lot more RAM than the Intercept did. It's faster and holds more apps too. When I got this phone I was fully expecting to have to pay the $35 plan like everyone said. I did not have to. From what I was told is that if the phone was made before a certain date then you don't have to pay the high price. Also if you are going from an old school phone to an android / smart phone then you have to pay the higher price. Overall this is a good phone for the price.

Have only had this phone for  7 months and I don't always get texts, will tell a caller I don't have voicemail, will not swipe to unlock half of the time Im using it.I have to do a hard reboot to make sure it will swipe again!!! what a waste of money!! was almost a $200 phone!

After a lot of searching, I finally settled on a Samsung Galaxy Reverb from Virgin Mobile after using a Sony Ericsson Experia Arc for almost a year while living overseas.  The Sony was a gorgeous work of art to hold and admire, but had lots of bugs and faults (probably more related to its dated Android Gingerbread OS).  The Samsung Galaxy Reverb is just the opposite: not much to look at but works flawlessly and reliably.The phone itself looks cheaply made, with a flimsy, slippery back that makes it hard to hold without a case.  In fact, less than an hour after owning it, it slipped out of my hand and fell onto a hardwood floor.  The back cover and battery flew off.  Luckily after putting everything back together the phone worked just fine.  Recommendation: get a rubberized case.  It will make it easier to hold and help hide the cheapness of the case.Other than the appearance, I have no complaints at this time.  Call quality in both speaker and handset mode is excellent.  Most apps work well (although some are a bit slow but about what you'd expect for the price), and 3G/WiFi data access are seamless.  Virgin Mobile's 3G data speeds (Sprint) are adequate for most web browsing and e-mail applications, video might take a bit longer to stream (get used to seeing the "buffering" message").  The battery life is getting better as the phone gets broken in, but a good battery saver app will help that quite a bit.All in all, the Samsung Galaxy Reverb is a good all-around Android phone that does almost everything pretty well, except for impressing your friends.

I've had this phone for only a month, and it's already started shutting off and turning back on by itself at least once a day, usually more. One time it did it seven times in a row. Other than this problem, the phone is great. It wouldn't be such a problem if it didn't turn off when I was doing things on it like texting or calling. It also turns off randomly when I'm in class or interviews, and since it's not on silent the sound it makes when it turns on are quite annoying. Definitely disappointed in the defective qualities of this great and new phone.

Nice OS with Ice Cream Sandwich, doesn't hook up to the wifi in my house which is annoying, but will everywhere else? Newer Virgin Mobile phones will stay on the 3G network 24/7 unless you go into settings and turn the mobile data off. This is important to know if you want to stay under their 2.5GB free data limit. Not hard to do, but I prefer my phone not to beep every time I get an email so I turn it off. Otherwise, the phone is slim and the screen is nice and big. Battery doesn't have a super-long life, but charges fast. Away-facing camera is great, flip it around towards you and it's pretty bad. Not a big deal - everyone knows how to take a pic with a mirror, right? Had the LG Optimus V before, and this one puts it to shame, so I'm happy.

I bought the Galaxy Reverb here on Amazon on 5/3/13, and received it on the 7'th.  After reading all the glowing reviews, I couldn't wait to get my hands on it.  What a HUGE disappointment.  I got the phone activat4ed without any problem, but from the first, the sound quality was deplorable.  I have a Virgin Mobile Assurance phone, and i thought the sound quality on that was terrible, but the sound on the Reverb is equally terrible.  My friends tell me that it is no better on their end.  Then I tried to download a ringtone.  The phone could not  handle that, 24 hours later, and it still refuses to download any file.  It simply keeps telling me to sign in the the VM site, despite the fact that I am already signed in.  I e-mailed and phoned Virgin Mobile tech support, and received a return e-mail with detailed instructions which did no good at all.  I also spent over 4 1/2 on the phone with nine different tech support reps and two supervisors.  Not one person out of the eleven had a clue as to how to solve the problem.  Just as in the e-mail, they simply had me deactivate and then reactivate the phone repeatedly.  I do not mean simply turn the phone on and off, but literally wipe out the activation information and start from scratch.  Again, with no solution to either the sound problem or the download problem.  They checked the tower coverage to see if an outage might be responsible, but said that all the towers were up and operating, and that I had full coverage.  As I said, I was excited about this phone based on the myriad of gushing reviews, not only here on Amazon, but on other sites as well.  For my part, at least, this was a total waste of money.  I am no better off than with the cheap little Kyocera Assurance phone which coincidentally is also from Virgin Mobile.  Had I not invested money in an unlimited monthly plan, I would dump the phone in a heartbeat, but I am stuck with it for at least a month.

Switched from another pre-paid cellular service provider from which we had a &#34;dumb&#34; phone.  The Samsung Galaxy Reverb has all of the features that we desired, plus more.  It has plenty of memory, a good processor, and the Android market provides plenty of usable apps.  While the phone was somewhat of a challenge to activate, one call to Virgin Mobile quickly solved the problem, and the service over the Sprint network has been flawless.  We liked the phone so much that we purchased another one to replace another smartphone receiving service from a contract plan.

I switched from AT&T to virgin and went from a Blackberry curve to this.I love the Android system it's fast and easy to use.I have had no problems at all with the phone.I will say that activating it was a little frustrating but once I got through that no problems.If you get this phone be sure to go into your settings and make sure the power save option is on because the screen on this will drain your battery pretty fast as with all smart phones with a large screen.

I like it!! Takes a min to get use too the touch screen. Has all the bells and whistles and takes great pictures. :)

Upgraded from LG. This phone keeps shutting itself off. I have tried everything from customer support to reboots and it still shutting itself off. Another issue is the Mobile ID which I really hate with a passion.

The Reverb phone may not be a high end smart phone, but is certainly a good phone. The phone no longer locks up. And while customer service at Virgin Mobile  can be  frustrating,  due to the difficulty in understanding  the accent off  the Virgin Mobile call center  people,  the $35.00/mth. charge is hard to beat.

This is a great starter smart phone, its reasonably priced and has a lot of features. It does seem a little fragile so get a good cover to protect it from damage.

This is a great phone. The calls are clear, the Wi-Fi is fast, and the camera takes great pictures. So far the only annoying thing is Virgin Mobile's &#34;hold&#34; music when calling and the fact that there seems to be no US customer support. Hopefully I won't need to contact Virgin Mobile very often... the hip hop horror while waiting on hold is enough to make you want to hang up. Maybe that's the plan... and don't, under any circumstance,s think you're going to actually speak to a customer service rep on US soil.

The phone is pretty good, the camera is really good it has a nice clarity in the photos. It's also has a quick processor when using the internet.

Worked fast, came in the box, no chips or cracks. Also came with product details in information on how to work the phone. Was shipped in a few days.

Bought for my mother, but she had a really hard time spelling right because the phone is too small. Returning and bought her a samsung galaxy which is twice the size.....

When I first got this phone it rebooted like 5 times a day. After a few weeks some updates came out that fixed it and it worked great... until the Jellybean update. At first I kept clicking to ignore the update, but after the 10th time it prompted me I finally thought "Okay, the other updates made the phone better, maybe this will too. At least I won't have to keep telling it I don't want to update it." BIG MISTAKE!!! My phone volume has not been loud enough since the change, but the biggest problem is that it runs LIKE MOLASSES! Even such a simple task as opening the contacts, or even opening the phone app take FOREVER. I've pretty much given up on texting people in a timely fashion and just call them as it is easier and faster than waiting for the darn keyboard and messaging app to load. I can't use the internet as everything takes too long to load. The phone also randomly reboots again, and sometimes the screen locks up while I am doing things like talking to people on the phone, so I can't disconnect calls and have to hold the power button until it reboots. I tried doing the various troubleshooting steps for this known issue, to no avail. I'm going to have them send me a replacement and if it runs sh*tty or wants to update to Jellybean still I will sell it and say goodbye to virgin since they don't seem to care about their customer's experience.

Phone is pretty good for the price if you get it on sale. It's not worth the full 200 Virgin is asking for, but I got it here for 99, so for that price it's not bad. I previously had the HTC EVO 3D which was a deplorable piece of shit imo. This phone (Galaxy) seems to be much more durable. Screen responsiveness is pretty good, processor is fairly quick although I don't play any complex games on it, but for day to day use, and standard facebook games it seems fine. There seems to be a fair amount of room for apps also, so the phone isnt clogged with all that. The Cons: Pictures are good untill you try to zoom. Also, it would have been nice if the phone was 4g capable. I've only had the phone a short period of time so if I find something else worth noting (good or bad) I'll come back with a follow-up.

After trying all of Virgin Mobile's other Android offerings (HTC EVO V, Chaser, Venture) I decided to give VM one more shot with the Galaxy Reverb. It has exceeded all my expectations in the price range. While it does feel slightly fragile, it feels good in the hand, and very lightweight. The screen is of very good quality, and after clearing the default launcher to use the stock ICS launcher, I love this phone. The interface is clean, and easily managed. It operates at a reasonable speed, even with CPU throttling enabled under power saving (an awesome feature, btw). Battery life is exceptional for the specs and size of this phone.In my opinion, this phone is the best overall value for the carrier.My only real gripe, is that Samsung has an emulated "SD card" built into the phone separate from any installed SD card, and as such this phone does not allow moving apps to the SD card. The good news is, there is plenty of internal memory available for apps, and while Virgin Mobile's "Mobile ID" software is present on the firmware, and unable to be removed, it is possible to disable it and it has not bugged me since.EDIT - 11/13/2012After spending some more time with this phone, I have deemed it unacceptable for my demands. Granted, I only had it for temporary use while my iPhone 5 is unavailable (long story) so I've got some pretty high demands when it comes to a phone, this one, while being the best in Virgins' lineup (in my opinion) is still just not very good, especially not for the price.When first using it, after reverting to the stock ICS launcher (TouchWiz is an abomination), it seems fine, but even after installing nothing but Facebook on the phone, it begins to get very laggy (a problem I haven't had on many ICS devices), and also can get very warm. I actually had 2 of these over the course of a couple of weeks, and returned both because the led backlights on the bottom buttons just stopped working periodically, even when set to "always on". Battery life became abysmal, with no apps installed or running, brightness on the lowest setting, and pretty much any and all battery-draining services disabled.I still say this is the best Virgin Mobile phone (except the comically overpriced iPhone options), but it is still just not very good, especially in the price range. I ended up jumping ship to Boost Mobile (basically the same as Virgin Mobile, same network, etc.) and picked up the Galaxy S2 for $369. I've been very pleased with that so far, and it performs very well for its price class, considering that Sprint (who also owns both these companies) sells the S2 contract-free for $699. If you can afford an extra $100, I suggest looking into that instead. Service options are the same, same price, same network, only Boost has better phones, and shrinking payments.Just my .02

I like the design of the phone and it is easy to learn how it works. The negative experience I had it was the  the fact that the phone got hot when in use and I had to returned it for this reason.

i buy this cell fhone - is good - run good  and amazon say this fhone read 32 gb scan disk - is true but this fhone can read 64 gb scandisk i buy 1  and read is goo cell phone gime 59.45 gb  wow nice cell phone really niceScan disk 60 dollar- Really love AMAZON.COM  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007WTAJTO/ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i00

That's what they should call this phone because that's all it does well. I have had it for a few months and I think I've had 2 days when it didn't freeze up. I am gonna have to bite the bullet and spend some real money on a phone because you do get what you pay for in the end.

I purchased this almost a year ago because I like other Samsung products and it seemed like a good price. Since then, my phone has gone through two Android updates (surprising since it isn't a mainstream phone) and it is now running Android 4.1.2. The phone is fast enough for everything I do, although I do not play many games on it. Battery life depends on usage and coverage, but some days it will last all day and other days it will need to be charged in the middle of the day. I have had a screen protector with no case on it since day one and I have dropped it several times, twice onto concrete, with very little evidence of damage. The one thing I would change is the screen resolution. The screen is fine, but it compared to some of the other devices I use, it falls short which is to be expected for the price. All in all I am happy with my choice and it is very reliable, sturdy, and fast.

The phone is really good overall, nice camera that does not take forever to take a picture and nice expansive phone to do whatever you need. Not sure if it was just my phone or not but mine freezes up sometimes or there will be some glitches with the texting but overall it's a great phone. Got it fast with shipping and took only 3 minutes to set it up on the network. Thanks!

I think the phone itself is great, its just not for me.  Came perfect timing and everything.  Just more of an LG person.

I took this opportunity to change providers while stepping up to smartphone technology.  Virgin Mobile is as good as my previous service and for a lower cost I am able to go from a voice & text flip phone to this beautiful 3G large screen Samsung Galaxy Reverb. Nice to not need a contract anymore.

I purchased this phone for my 15 year old son....he loves it!!! It was a replacement for the LG Rumor Touch.. Talk about upgrade.

This is the first phone that I have had in a long time that I really like. Not too fancy, does what I need, holds a charge which is important to me... has all the android apps that I need... I just love it!

I had the HTC one V but it broke so I got this phone. Its not a bad phone but I'd say it was a down grade. The phone is pretty slow just navigating around. Sometimes it freezes for a second or two which is just a minor annoyance. I don't have too many apps either. The internet is pretty slow and the youtube is pretty much useless due to the constant stopping and loading. The screen is pretty temperamental and I am constantly accessing different apps and things from my pocket on accident. Biggest complaint is the stupid keyboard that the phone comes with. No auto correct for some very odd reason. I had to pay for and download a keyboard off of the app store. and as far as user friendly its kinda frustrating just to make a call. too many things involved where as other phones make this the easiest thing to do, as it should be. the camera is good. video is fine. size of phone is comfy for your hand. I might just be too picky with it, it does the job, its a decent phone, I would recommend the HTC one v though, cheaper and better quality, just a little bit smaller.UPDATE JAN-9-2014So not long after I had the phone it started shutting down and restarting on its own, many times a day. It's incredibly annoying. Sometimes it will just shut off, and I'm unaware the whole day until I need to use my phone and oh look, its off. So sometimes it turns itself off, sometimes it restarts itself. Fun stuff. Everything else I said is still an issue, I actually cant stand this phone now. moving my rating from 3 to two stars

The phone runs very slow its very frustrating to do ANYTHING on this phone . The service is not the greatest either it drops my calls. Ive had it Since July 2013 in hopes there would be some updates to make it run better the only thing ive noticed is that it does not lock up on lock screen anymore . I would not recommend this phone to anyone keep on looking for a better product.

The phone was brand new, came on time at a reasonable price. It works just like it's supposed to and came with all the &#34;what's in the box parts&#34;. My only complaint was with the delivery company who despite a phone call to the corporate distribution center, and a note on my door asking to leave it at my apartment's office so it didn't get stolen they actually hid it under my doormat. The company is a smaller one called OnTrac but I guess it did get there.

I got this phone about 2 months ago as a gift from a friend. At first it was a great little reasonably priced pre paid. As soon as the system update hit it (I believe they called it Jellybean 4.1), it became the biggest pain in the rear to deal with. The lock screen freezes several times a day, making you remove the battery. At least once a week the phone itself restarts and takes a solid 3-5 minutes to stop lagging after a restart. I'm a virgin mobile customer and I've gone through them and Samsung trying to solve this problem. I have no apps installed on it and I've done several factory resets and it's still doing it. After doing some research this is apparently a rampant issue that Samsung is completely ignoring and telling people to essentially deal with it. Don't waste your money on this phone until they've fixed the update.

Just as described and works great for the price and what I'm using it for. Quality is good and so is the look.

The newest OS update makes it freeze occasionally, but hopefully that will be fixed soon. Now three of us in the family have a Reverb, and they're great. Front-facing camera is a great feature for a phone that's not very expensive. It's very stable, unlike my old Optimus V that I had to restart daily. It's not lightning-fast, but for this price it's very good. It's got a good screen size and a good chunk of internal storage space, and still easily fits in a pocket.

I have to do a battery pull on the phone daily, sometimes multiple times a day, because the screen completely stops working. I can run my finger over it, and nothing happens. I can use the power button to put the screen to sleep then try again, and still nothing happens.  The absolute only way to get the screen to work again is to pull the battery.

We'll a upgrade compared to most of all other virgin mobiles phones. Not much to say it works and depending on your location apps like YouTube should work. It's a 50/50 chance. Can play big games on it and great pictures. A lil low in volume when you call or get called. Not too buggy. Nice design.

I got this as a Christmas present in 2012 since our whole family was already on the Virgin Mobile network, and I have to say, this phone served me good for over two years with no hardware problems at all (it eventually kicked the boot due to damage, but on my part). The 3G speeds were definitely sufficient for downloading 320kbps MP3s in just a few minutes, and Google Play provided more than enough to toy with. The only downside I know of is its inability to be rooted; I tried an on-phone rooter, a PC auto-rooter, and neither worked, and I imagine it's just its model. Very well-made and durable; I've dropped it countless times onto both carpet and linolium without anything more than the back cover and the battery popping out, ever. Loved this phone!

purchased for my wife.  Decent service from Virgin, but the 3g is pitiful slow.phone hangs up a lot requiring restart.  numerous fails on touchscreen working.

Upgraded from Optimus about 6 months ago and was VERY happy!.. Screen is bigger, system is faster, was able to do a lot more with this phone than the other.  I was comparing this to the Iphone and really, for what I would use, this was a better choice!Very, very happy.... Until.... about 3 months ago...All of a sudden I wasn't getting the reception I used to get. But checking other forums I found that they were doing "cell tower updates" until the end of August... so I waited. And it has resolved itself.BUT, all of a sudden the screen will flash and freeze. Sometimes I can reboot, sometimes I have to remove the battery.Yesterday NOTHING would work.  Phone was dead for 7 hours and I was stranded without a way to get help... (No payphones anymore!) No way to get my pix and contacts out. I was in a panic.  FINALLY, I was able to reboot and spent about 5 hours trying to get my info off the phone... (and couldn't get it all).After researching I find that all my problems are probably from the Jelly Bean update. When it was running Ice Cream Sandwich it was great.  Soooo... the PHONE is great, but if it doesn't work because of this funky update... then it is useless.  Can't recommend with Jelly Bean...  Samsung and Virgin needs to fix this!

I love anything Samsung Galaxy has to offer.  I have the tablet and now a phone.  One day I hope to have the TV!  The phone is awesome, offering all of the features you need with a smartphone.  Virgin Wireless service is ok.  For the price, it can not be beat.  For $35/month I get what I paid Verizon over $75/month for.  Buy the phone, it is worth it.

It took 4ever to come in. Also my battery wont charge now. Not sure why...  but its a great picture phone has pretty good storage space. So its a 3

This is a nice compact phone with good size screen.  Nice smooth interface.  My wife really likes it.  Great value for the money.

This phone is great, I've had it for just over a month now and the only issue is it tends to freeze up after it did an Android software upgrade. I just reboot it by removing and reinstalling the battery and then it's fine. Other than that it works like a charm.This is my second android platform phone. I recommend it as a great mid-upper entry level phone. Lots of great features and options to personalize.

This phone was great for a few days, but I did the update and the screen was freezing multiple times a day, as described by other reviewers.I call virgin mobile, they overnight be a new phone, I return the old one.I set up the new phone, and the thing spontaneously reboots, multiple times a day, I seem to be the only one in the world with this issue. While the screen is not constantly frozen, it is the same net effect, I can not use my phone with the ease that I should be able to.

My wife has the Optimus slider, which is still a popluar prepaid phone. Very nice upgrade though. Android 4.0 is much faster than 2.3. Would definitely recommend for prepaid :)

I'm left without a phone thanks to horrible Virgin Mobile customer service.  I thought this was a great deal for a good phone.  I was previously on a Virgin Mobile pay as you go talk plan and wanted to upgrade to a smart phone. The Virgin Mobile site "supposedly" allows you to do this.  However, the process froze in the middle.  I can't retry because the new phone shows as assigned to someone else (me).  I can't use my old phone, that service has been discontinued, and I can't use my new phone, that service has not been activated.  I don't know how long before I will ever be contacted.  I am left with a useless brick.  My next thing to do is find out how this useless thing can be returned and then find a service provider that actually has customer service that does not require a phone.

I have been using this phone for a few months now, and it works just fine. Got an automatic update to 4.1.2 when i turned it on. Havent had any issues at all. Worth the money for sure.

I just got this one after my beloved optimus V died off, and I was skeptic after loving my optimus so much. However, this phone is great. My first impression was, wow, this phone is gorgeous. The screen is bright and the model is sleek. The touch screen is responsive, and everything runs smoothly and super fast. The camera is crystal clear! I got a new kitten recently and I have taken so many pictures that look like photographer quality! I'm very impressed to say the least. Only slight con is the battery does not last as long as the optimus, but I will admit I am using this one more constantly since its new to me, I dont think the poor thing has been off once in a week.

Had to replace my LG Optimus Slider after I dropped it in a flood. This is my second smart phone. I've been using it about a week and so far, I love it. One of the advantages is the large amount of memory for apps. On my LG I couldn't run more than one or two apps without getting out of memory errors. With this phone I have plenty of room. I like the google apps and fact that I can sync with my previous calendar and address book without having to re-enter anything. I had the phone up and running within minutes of fully charging the battery. I was impressed at the speed and ease of activating this phone. Thank you Virgin Mobile for providing an affordable smart phone. There may be better phones out there with even more bells and whistles but for now this phone does what I need it to do.

I changed the Lock Screen Setting to None and the problem with the update was gone.I found the Lock Screen annoying anyway and was happy to eliminate an unnecessary step in using my phone. Now it always homes in on the Home screen and the update works fine!Now I really love this phone!

I've had the Samsung Galaxy Reverb for less than a week. I love it! I activated it, but have not added the money to my account yet. I am waiting until I can sell my Sprint phone. So I have not made calls or sent text messages yet.The screen is crisp and vivid. I have been using the apps, internet, e-mail, and streaming music while on Wi-Fi. The phone is super fast. I love the swype keyboard. You can download fonts for the phone, besides the 4 that you can choose from that come on the phone. The sound is excellent when I listen to music. It comes with the Samsung app center which I haven't really used, but it does have some good things in it.I am worried about the SD card issues that people have been talking about. They have said that you cannot move apps to the SD card, because of the Android 4.0.4 operating system and there is no way around it as of yet. Hopefully it won't be a problem for me.All together this phone is amazing and I just love it! I bought my phone from Radio Shack for $149 on sale, not including sales tax. I think the price is great for an incredible phone like this one! I highly recommend this phone to everyone looking to get Virgin Mobile service. You will not regret it.

I have only had my Samsung galaxy reverb for a week, but I loved it.  It is way bigger than my old blackberry curve phone I had it for three years.  I love the screen size and how vivid the pictures that I take turn out.  The only thing is that my phone keeps beeping every hour.  I don't know why.  It is definitely an upgrade from my old phone.  I hope it keeps working great.

still reading the manual as this is my first smart phone... i am looking forward to using it to it's full potential

This phone is absolutely amazing. It's fast, easy to use, fits well in your hand, and is very light. Definetly one of the best phones I have owned and a definite recommendation.

my daughter loves this phone it has a great screen and takes beautiful quality pictures.arrived just before her birthday thank you

I'll start by saying that I upgraded to this phone from an LG Optimus V from Virgin Mobile.With the recently reduced price point on this phone, it became an increasingly attractive option. This is a great phone for the price. The phone is lighter, thinner, and has a larger, more beautiful screen that has rich and vibrant color. The processor, while only a single core, is very responsive. Setup was a breeze. I've also been able to enjoy a number of apps due to the large internal memory, which is upgradeable through an SD card and also because of the more recent operating system, Android 4.0.4 (or Ice Cream Sandwich). I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone that is looking for an affordable upper-mid range phone. Especially if you don't utilize your smartphone to talk a great deal, as the $35 plan comes with a 300 minute allotment (Which is plenty for me. I only talk about 3-4 hours maximum in a month).As this is still the honeymoon phase (I've had the phone for less than 24 hours at this point), I'll keep an eye out for any problems or issues and revise this review if necessary.Edit:I have now had this phone for a few months and it is still a great phone. The only issue I've run into was a part of an OTA update from Virgin Mobile that caused the keyboard to become very slow to load, which could cause some issues when trying to browse the web. Going into the Google Play app and downloading another keyboard app made this a non-issue. Otherwise, I stand by the previous comments. This is a great upper-mid range phone that comes with a "plan" that is hard to beat.Edit #2:After another OTA update, the phone is now running Android 4.1.2 (Jelly Bean) instead of the 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) which is what is advertised. That is certainly an upgrade in my opinion, as Google Now is a wonderful addition to me. However, for those that are not interested in Jelly Bean, you've been warned.

brand new factory sealed..i'm still learning  how to use this phone..so far so good..will definatley buy this phone again..great service from the company

I ordered on of these for a teenager... She loved the features of the phone, but the hardware was so buggy that I had to return it. The screen continuously froze requiring a reboot for the phone to become functional again. Also the power button got stuck causing it to reboot over and over again. I thought it was a defective unit so I worked with Amazon and exchanged it for a new one. The new one had EXACTLY the same problems. Then I read reviews on the Virgin Mobile site and found tons of reviews with people complaining of the same kind of problems ....

The phone has been getting slower and slower in the past month; today, it failed completely: no calls in/out, no voice mail; no messaging.  I would contact the seller if I could.  I tried contacting Amazon by chat and they said to call an 877 number; apparently they didn't read my message...Do I feel stuck!

I just got it in the mail today and it's already light years ahead of my old phone. I previously had the LG Optimus V. At the time I thought it was a good phone but after a while it got laggy and a I wanted a newer model of Android. I researched for WEEKS about which phone to get from Virgin Mobile and settled on this. After receiving it I am BEYOND pleased. I'll do an update later on in the week to let you guys know how it's going. But as of right now, in this very moment, I am VERY MUCH in LOVE with this phone.UPDATE: I've had this phone for about 2 weeks now so I feel that I can give it a proper review now.The phone is a comfy size for texting. I've got rather small hands and if feels just like when I type on my iPod touch. The keyboard that it comes with is absolutely DREADFUL. When I'd read reviews on it and people said that I just thought that they were exaggerating but no it's the truth. They would all recommend Swift Key. It's a paid app so I was skeptical, I don't like buying apps. I had the trial for a 3 days-week I believe (I don't remember the exact dates). That keyboard is beyond amazing. It's customizable so you can change the back ground and the settings and you can add another language. It's great. Definitely worth the 3.99. However, if you are a big fan of Emoji's I'd wait a bit as they don't have support for it yet. They have everything else, just not that. If you are a fan of it (I am but I love the keyboard to much to care) then I'd recommend GO SMS Pro, I hear they have support.The battery life is pretty standard. Just remember to close all of your apps with the task manager every couple of hours. It's got a good camera. Well above what I thought it was going to have. The flash is really bright and the auto-focus is a dream. I also really love the front facing camera. If you are a big fan of picture apps then this is a big plus.There is something that I want to warn you about. There will be something called the VM Pack or Mobile ID something, that it will ask you to download. Just don't it'll change the whole layout and then you'll have to go into the settings to manually change everything back and it's a hassle. If you like the interface how it is fresh out of the box (and you will) then ignore it.The apps run beautifully. They don't lag or anything. I downloaded Temple Run 2 (I didn't even know they had that) and played that for a while. It's really nice.The screen is pretty bright. You'll forget that it's not turned all the way up if you are indoors however outside, you'll want to beware of the sun as it makes the screen seem quite dim.There isn't much bloatware. It's just a few Google/Samsung products that you'll actually end up using.So yea that's all I have to say on the phone as of now. I do recommend getting a case. It's quite slippery. I got one for like 4.54 including tax in a gorgeous Blue color and it's quite nice. Adds a small bit of wait but makes the phone see,s bit more protected.For Samsung Galaxy Reverb M950 Hard Cover Case Blue+LCD Screen ProtectorSo yea that's it. If you have any questions feel free to ask me. I'm a college student so I'm on the computer quite often and I'll get back to you quickly.

I bought this phone and I had to send it back because I couldn't activated it. Something was wrong with it.

excellent phone for the price.  I use for email and talk.  Have had no problems with this phone and the screen is very good.

I like the phone and all of it's features, but there are a few things about the phone I don't like.  I read all the reviews prior to purchasing the phone.  Over all it's a nice phone and for the price is a good enough phone, however as I stated there are a few things about the phone that need to be improved upon. The phone is slow in going from one program to the next or any operations with the phone.  It doesn't allow the 32gb micro SD that purchased because the reviews said it would accept.  The battery will run out of charge in a few hours of normal use and will drain to zero if sitting idle after one day, where when I first got the phone it would stay charged 4 or 5 days while sitting idle/stand-by.  For the price it's a good phone but not the greatest.  I'm happy with the phone for now, but in the future I will purchase another phone.

I like this much better than my previous LG Optimus for Virgin Mobile. Good Battery life. It doesn't run too hot. Over all pleased.

Ok it is a good price but I live in a trailer and it has one bar and when out side it two or three and it sad it wood work in my ary

Other than when it randomly re-starts, is has been a great first phone for my eleven year-old twins.  Good Value.

You don't have to pay a lot of money to get a great smart phone and the Samsung Galaxy Reverb proves it. This device is highly reliable and does absolutely everything I need it to do.

I ordered 2 of the phones a little over a month ago. It took almost 2 hours with customer service to get them activated. They had no explanation as to why they wouldn't activate. I used PayPal for the first, intending to use it again for the second. It did not allow me to the Virgin site kept giving an error. Upon contacting customer service again, they didn't know, and told me to contact Paypal, they say nothing is wrong. I liked the devices when we got them to work, the signal, sound quality, and operations of the phone on a daily basis are great. It is the customer service, the not user friendly website, and the difficulty of processing payment. Using Paypal was the most convenient way for me to do that, at first glance, I thought it was going to be hassle free. It is not the end of the world to have to go get a Top-up card and load that each month. It is the principle that something is not right with the site and accepting Paypal, and customer service leaves you hanging.

This phone is great! The price is great, the feel is great, but all the cases are s***. Anyways, root this phone, and you'll really feel like you're holding a galaxy S3 mini in your hand!

A year ago, the Reverb was a good entry level 3G phone for Virgin Mobile. But, over the past few weeks Virgin has introduced much faster 4G LTE phones that cost just a bit more than the Reverb and some advanced 3G phones at the same price as the Reverb.By summer 2014, less than a year from now, Virgin will have a high speed 4G LTE network in every major city in the USA. Spend a little more for the LG F3 and enjoy ten times faster data speeds.And, by sure to buy a phone that has Android 4.1 or 4.2.  The older phones with Android 2.3 are badly out of date and will struggle with many newer apps.

I really love this phone, I'm just not real crazy about the keyboard function.  No matter how many times I'm trying to type a word, the wrong letters pop up....Other than that I really love the purchase.

I bought this phone for my wife and she likes it.  She was used to using a keyboard that she had on the LG slider but has gotten used to it now.  The camera is very decent for a phone this price and it has a lot of advanced features.  It does freeze up some times however.

thank you all so much i just got my new phone  on October 9th very early before my birthday i'm so happy its worth every dollars  lol.

After having my last phone for more than 3 years, it was time to upgrade and replace it. So I did alot of research...and picked this phone. And I love it. I do have my drawbacks...like my fingers are seemingly to big sometimes to type on the onscreen keyboard, and it took a little bit to figure out the power options...but I would not trade it for the world right now. I can get almost two whole days with one charge, and I found the microphone option if I am having a particularily difficult day typing. I love the camera, and some of the other options, such as getting the weather alerts on my phone.
