
I myself love tracfone wireless. And so i figured other people would also. Thanks tracfone so very much. Love it

I recently had a Net10 customer who accidently added there unlimited prepaid card to my phone number.  The card added 50000 monthly minutes to my phone.  I called Net10 right away to let them know what happened and was concerned I would lose my 3000+ rollover minutes I had.  This happened 2 weeks ago.  The girl I spoke to from Net10 said that we could just keep the minutes and when asked if this would effect the minutes we have accrued she said no.  Now I am ready to renew my phone and all of minutes are going to be wiped.  I spoke with customer service (or what they call customer service) and after going through 3 different people in a foreign country may I add, they said there is nothing I can do.  I lost all of my minutes because of there mistake and they act like it is totally my fault.  I am so sick of these big corporations who cannot hire local call centers and are not competent enough to correct there mistakes when made.

I got the sim card and installed it and bought airtime, and it works great! I have no complaints. I bought my own phone too.

Why would I want another sim card? I needed minutes, not another sim card. But I was the stupid one. Glad I only paid $3.00 for the add on.

My husband and I used the Net10 Service from April 2013 - September 2013, we were actually very happy with the service, but towards the end we realized that the service would not allow some mass txts which we both were a part of almost daily. I assume it had something to do with the fact that they use ATT towers..nor real certain of that. None the less, we had to switch. I did check my account to see when our auto payment came out, which normally was on the 5th of every month, but for some reason in September they took it on the day after labor day. We switched and ported, then contacted NET10 to have them issue a refund for the $90, they would not because it is part of their terms and conditions. When you sign on with them, if you do not use the entire month you will not get a refund. I did try to get my money back, to not avail. They will not refund any money to the consumer no matter what. Even if you do not use a single day of it, they will not do it. There customer service is located in the Philippines, the person I spoke to was very easy to understand, however, they are like little robots, not compassion at all. Buyer be aware...If you get mass texts you will have issues with the service and when you cancel, you will not get any money back from what you paid for.

The person who wrote the TOP review is very confused..I am using Net10 since 14 months now. No problem at all. I say that it is the best among prepaid services. I dont understand how people dont understand simplest activation process and write bad reviews. I came here to buy this for one of my friends only to find reviews which do NOT make any sense at all. It is very clearly written in the description that it does not includes airtime so you have to buy it on your own.Now coming to activation. Net10 offers many plans but only $50 OR $65 airtime can be used to activate the SIM. Later you can go for any other plan before the running plan expires. Can also enroll in auto debit programs which saves some money each month. I use the unlimited $50 plan which costs me $45 because I enrolled for auto debit.So please get this clear. One needs to activate the sim first. Activation will add the $50/$65 airtime to your account. To Activate one needs either $50 or $65 airtime card. Airtime can be purchased from many third parties. I used pinzoo dot com.

Application specifically requested our old cell number. Sim card arrived 7/08 with "New Number". Repeated daily calls requesting a new sim card got us nowhere. Spoke with two different managers and not one couldhelp. Told by manager that Fed-ex picked up new sim card on 7/08.  Spoke with Fed-ex today the 15th of July and they never received a pick-up ticket. All customer service agents have told us something different.WORST customer service ever!!!!! You get what you pay for!!

Bought this to start service with an AT&T phone. Installed perfect and had no problems getting it registered and works great.

I bought a net10 unlimited att sim and after a month the data stopped work six weeks later and still no datasee wwwdotnet10forumdotcom and read the mobile web access forumNo customer service many complaints it is not just me

After purchasing minutes for my phone, I was still not able to use the phone, so I called customer service. First of all the phone number on their website is inactive and you have to call another number. Then I was on the phone with two different representatives explaining my case to finally be told that the sim card I have been using for 3 months already is no longer compatible with my phone, and they will send me a new sim card in 3-5 days. In the mean time I am going without a phone for 7 days. I was also told that I will get a free month of service but wait it is really not free since I actually already paid for the month and can't use my phone. After asking for a refund, my call has to be escalated to a third person, who yet again doesn't know why I am calling, to be told that I need to wait for my sim card, call them back to activate it for me, and then they will decide if they will give me a free month or minutes. So I wasted one and a half hour of my day to have nothing resolved and will need to call back again.

*EDIT: My original is true if you only go through Net10's websites/phone lines. You can get it working, but you must buy your airtime from a separate retailer (Walmart, Best Buy, Calling Mart, etc.), and then this SIM will work for you. I've changed my rating to 3 stars to reflect this discovery*I've never felt so stupid when trying to register/buy/activate something online.So the SIM card is fine - it's a SIM card, ya know? No big deal. But it comes with instructions to activate the card via [...] or a toll free number. Each is equally mind numbing.Go to the website, start the activation process, enter all the requested information, and then run into a screen which says that an Airtime plan is required for activation. No problem, I understood that I would need to purchase the airtime plan separately. The problem is this: purchasing airtime is not an option unless the phone/SIM has already been activated.So, I need the airtime plan to activate the SIM, but I need the SIM activated to purchase the airtime plan. What? *Edit: To solve this, go buy the airtime plan from a third party, like Walmart, Best Buy, or Calling Mart - this can be purchased online, code delivered immediately via email.*To the phone! Calling the toll free number, hoping to get it sorted quickly, I first sit through a long automated message reiterating everything posted online and written in the documentation that came with the SIM. Then I make my selections from the automated menus, the robot tells me they are experiencing high call volume and can't take any more calls, and then hangs up on me. I try again a few more times, and it hangs up on me each time. I wait a few minutes, call back, the robot tells me it will be a 30min wait, and puts me in the queue. 56 minutes later, I give up, having spoken to no one.Where to turn? I try the Net10 online forum, where my questions can't be answered because they can't respond to my questions until my questions have been approved, and I must first make 5 posts before my questions can be approved. Truly the least sensible forum system I have ever encountered. So, again, I give up.Three strikes, Net10.My conclusion? Net10 does not want my money. If they did, they would make it easy for me to give it to them. Heck, if not easy, they would at least make it possible.

worked good, easy to hook up and use. I would consider using this product again and telling my friends about it.

The Net 10 Unlimited $50 Sim Card would be great for a busy business person but for a retiree it's a bit of an overkill for the price tag. My life style just doesn't justify this kind of cost when I only use 100 or less minutes per month for phone calls and only a few minutes of data/surfing time.

If you want some needless aggravation in your life, buy Net10.  In the last 2 days, I've tried 2 different kits from 2 different Targets with the first month supposedly included.  Both times they tell me they cannot verify the activation pin for the $50 first month's credit.  Both times they tell me I need to get it &#34;rescanned&#34; at the store.  For the first return, I told them to &#34;rescan&#34; it, which they said it already was.  Net10 also told me I could fax them the receipt and wait 48 hours, which judging by the responsiveness of their customer support, will probably be more like 48 days but perhaps never.

This is the BEST wireless service ever, and the best reception! Some of my friends have connection issues all the time. I NEVER have them. I would recommend Net10 wireless to anyone and everyone. By far the best and cheapest you can get!!

full effect it just came home I wonderit's awesome thing that anybody can have I love itgreat advice nice live

I thought this would be a good alternative to my Verizon account that is sucking my bank account dry. Had another net10 phone for years, then switched to verizon. Mistake!TOTALLY USELESS!!! I have an unlocked Verizon phone that has worked on other plans around the globe. Tried using this plan with Net 10 and still no luck. Spent an hour on the phone with someone from India only to learn that their English is useless and ended up communicating in French. I still have not activated my phone and have to get back with them tomorrow on another line so that someone new can start all over with my phone and get nowhere.Save your money! Don't buy. But if you must, go to the Geek squad or some other computer store and have them spend hours on the phone with India. Save the headache, just try a different carrier.

Wasted my money on this the phone I ordered with this card did not even have a spot for a sim card Annoyed I purchased it you don't need a sim with a net 10 phone thought I was getting a $50 unlimited card deceived

I thought this was a calling card for a month of unlimited service for my daughters cell. I didn't read it well enough I guess It was 10 minutes and a sim card.

Did not use it just yet, but it is what I expected and ordered. Very happy with purchase I made.

In reading the existing reviews I find it redundant to add another scathing review as I have experienced virtually all the problems of the other subscribers. I have no idea how this confused, inefficient company manages to stay in business.

I have been have a Net10 service for over 2 years. Currently they are changes their policy and they charge for text every time you read it! It just does not make sense! Even for a simple text massage that I have read it before they charge you again for read that one again and again. They have not announced this new policy now where in their web site or to the customer. I had issue with sending messages and it took them 10 days to solve it. I called customer service and literally after 30 minutes talking and waiting and entering stupid codes she finally told me they changed their policy!!! Really horrible service, stay away from them!

Using this with an AT&T locked phone for a number of months now.Works great!You may need to Google for the correct settings for picture messaging.I have 2 of these with 2 of the same model cell phones.The first one always worked well even the picture messaging,but the other one didn't until I was contacted by Net 10 about how things were going.Told them about the problem and about a week or two later the picture messaging started working on the other phone.Would buy again because it was cheap!

Arrived packaged well.  The card is fine, but I am not particularly fond of net 10 because of its often dropped calls.

The company was not compatible with the phone i had and i still cannot receive picture messages OR get on the internet without wifi. this sucks. do not buy!!!

Just switched to Net10 after 20 (yes 20) years with AT&T (was Cell One, was Cingular...) Bills were running over $100/mo. Took it to a phone geek @ BEST BUY and said, "I want the same phone, the same #, international calling, and unlimited everything. DONE for $65.00/mo. Better service at my house, no overages, no blackouts so far, and just plain sorry I didn't leave AT&T years ago!!

I bought $50 unlimited talk/txt/web/data and use it exactly for 3wks, then my data stop working.  I called customer no representative (three times) after waiting ~20min; then they route me to the next REP to help....and it is the automative answering message stating that my service had been suspended.  Eventhough the next time I called their rep, I told them not to route me to the same automative message call "high data usage hotline", customer NO REP did it to me every time.(I have a T-Mobile SIM that suppose to have no cap on data).STAY AWAY FROM NET10....IT'S A SCAM!!!!!!!!

I have been with Net10 for over a year and this month I will not renew. I purchased the $50 unlimited plan a week ago. I activate my phone only to find out that my sim card expired. I called customer service 5 different times to be told this. The rep told me that they try to send me sim card but it was returned. Which was a lie. I was informed that I would be receiving a new sim in 3-5 bussiness days. The new sim arrives lo and behold it does not work. I call back to tell them the problem I get the run around. Come to find out they sent me a t-mobile sim card that is not compatible with my phone. I ask the rep how did that happen if for a year I had a att sim. Buyers beware never use Net10 you will be so dissappointed.

Net10 provides terrible service and infuriating customer "support." They use AT&T towers but AT&T limits your supposedly "unlimited" Net10 data plan to 1.5MB shortly after your service begins. Call Net10 to ask why your unlimited service is in fact limited and you will get either a voicemail or a person who can only speak from a script and sounds unintelligent because their answers do not even match your question. Also, don't sign up for online billing because their billing cycles are abnormal. Enjoy the random withdrawals from your account. This company is shady and hard to contact. I would give it a negative rating because they not only fail to give you what you pay for, they waste your time. FAIL.

First no 3G with t-mobile sim.Then, try to move from one sim to the other, got deactivated all the sim I have.NOT RECOMMEND AT ALL.Worst decision in my life.Want to give 0 star if possible.

Item is good but had to return it as I thaught it was an airtime card and it's plain to see it is a unlimited sim card not a air time card but the seller of this product was great.

Net10 is the most professional company to make unhappy customers.their customer service is horrible, just like talking to the wall, you would hear the same thing over and over again "sorry, we can't do anything" if you can't, why you're there. their SIM card doesn't match with their Air time they're selling, when you call they're pushing you to buy $50 per month. it's ridiculous, and no one has an answer for you.don't make the mistake I did, don't even get close to their name. wasting your time for frustrating endless non sense argue with customer service, and unhappy ending. million NEGETIVE for NET10.

One must read every fine print to see that this is only for a certain at&t;  phone.  Not saying the guys is dishonest, just not completely honest.  Just needs to advertise that this 'isn't' an Unlimited Phone card... only a sim.Buyer beware.

The service would not pickup after I got the phone. I call again several times and was always told that the towers were down and could not trouble shoot the issue call back in 24 hours. I've pulled the number back to my old carrier now, since I've already waited 5 days. I feel like I've just been cheated out of the cost of the service. I asked if the service would work in the location I needed it and was recommended to net10. I've very irritated with the lack of upfront information. If you don't work in the area, don't advertise that you do! Otherwise, the customer service people were always nice, although they really did not have any answers to give me.

I bought a Huawei H868C so called smart phone that would supposedly access the unlimited data promised at $50 a month.  The sales person at the brick and mortar store claimed I could tether a laptop to it for internet access; which was far from reality.  The only internet access is through the phone using the poor resolution screen, extremely bad touch keypad, really buggy software, and extremely slow connection speed.  The only browser choice is google chrome and it would not work with my personal email, only web based email systems like g-mail. I tried to find support for the bluetooth not pairing with my Plantronics hands free device; I found a website that wanted the phone serial number but wouldn't take the number I found in the phone's system settings and the link to how to find the serial number only led me to a sales data page for the phone.  Net10 is obviously only in the business of selling, not supporting or delivering on their sales hype.  ZERO Stars on this one or maybe there should be a negative star system for things like this.Update: I have suffered with this phone for 5 months an it only gets worse with time.  During a call, the phone will suddenly re-boot for no reason and lose all of the changes I made to the default settings including the setting that allows the allows the abysmal internet access; that setting is buried in the settings where it is almost impossible to find. It also loses the pairing with my bluetooth for no reason.  The service or lack thereof that I pay for is worth about 1/4 of the price.

This company makes everything about these phones complicated. They make it seem like you have to buy a certain sim card so that you can have a certain plan, but what I didn't know, is that when I bought what I thought was a net10 phone (turned out to be a tracfone), it was not compatible with my tracfone. The Net10 people had NO IDEA on how to handle this....after speaking for TWO and a HALF HOURS on the phone, I finally was able to get help! Anyway, I would recommend buying your phone first and checking to make sure whether or not it has a sim card in it. If it does, you will most likely not need this sim card.

Worst customer service ever, and they will stop at nothing to take your accumulated minutes. The most recent problem we've had is when the airtime card we purchased erased over 3000 minutes that were already on the phone. Customer service's explanation was that is was a no-roll-over card (what??) and there was nothing they could do. Well there's something I can do. Page Plus...Go Phone....WalMart.... Lots of choices. I'm done with these crooks.

Do not use Net.10.  That is all I can say.  I have had cell phones for years and a number of times transfered my phone number to keep the same one.  I called to acativate my Net.10 phone and after a half hour of asking questions and getting information, they asked for my Net.10 card number.  I had to drive to Walmart on a Sunday afternoon, buy a $25 Net.10 phone card and go home and spend another 45 minutes activating my phone.  Don't do it.  It is the most convolulted and frustrating experience to start a new account.  Think twice before getting involved with this company.  There is a reason why you haven't heard much about it.

When you buy a netten phone online they ship it fedex requiring a signature, fedex comes while your at work and then says its undeliverable? Can I just get my $$ back?

I am a Bring your Phone customer, one day, phone stopped working.  Called Net10, twice they transferred me to "Tier2" a voicemail that at the end hangs up on you.  3rd time called back, they wanted to transfer me again, asked over a period of 15 minutes 12 times to talk to supervisor, they refused to connect me.  They said they will loose their job if they transferred me to a supervisor.  I was also told they cannot tell me why my phone stopped working.  DO NOT USE NET10!  Sending pics in IM (SMS) is not supported, I will not renew with them.I tried to leave this feedback on other sites, but it did not allow me to post.

Cheats.. you cannot enroll in auto pay program on the last day of your service end date. So they make me buy the $50 plan for each of my 2 BYOD phones, i.e. $110 with tax after promising me a total of $85+ according their stupid website, whereas I would have paid $90+ had I bought another family plan sim card from a grocery store.Customer service is all Mexicans who don't understand or speak English and ask me to repeat everything thrice.

this card was for AT&T, not a T-Mobile sim. Net10 Did send me the other SIM free. The AT&T SIM limits you to 1.5gb per month & shut off all internet service When I hit that limit. Unlimited on T-Mobile.

Amazon sold this as a recommended add-on to a net10 phone I bought.  I guess I should have looked at the description more carefully, since you DON'T NEED THIS, as your phone already comes with a sim card.  Also, it's not $50 worth of credit, the $50 means that if you buy this, then you need to pay $50/month for service.  This is just a sim card.

I live in Australia. I used this sim in my Android phone when I spent a month in the US. The phone coverage and reception for talk and text was fine but the internet was painfully slow. I used it in large cities like Manhattan and Las Vegas and everywhere it was extremely slow. Also, the seller wouldn't post to Australia so I had to get it sent to a friend in the US and have them send it on to me.On the up side, coverage in rural places was still good. North Carolina, Mississippi, Utah - it still got coverage. Just don't hold your breath waiting for that web page to load.

I actually bought these for use with Straight Talk. Normally these AT&T sims will only work with NET10, but using a little know work around with Straight Talk, you can get them to work. Sure beats paying over $50-$100 for the Straight Talk AT&T sim.

Don't get fooled by this mobile network (NET10) cos they are out there to rip people off. After paying $50 for unlimited data,text (including international text)and talk, the international text was deactivated without prior notice to customers. On February 21, 2013 I had a message from this network provider that read 'Effective March 1, your ATT compatible sim service will be limited to 1.5GB of data per 30 days. Visit [...] to learn more'. I recharged my phone on April 16, 2013 with the $50 plan but was not able to access the internet. I called the customer service for assistance but was told i have violated their terms and condition regarding the use of data and because of that my internet speed has been reduced. Reduced? To what? The customer service representative was not able to give me an answer. The fact of the matter is that they have deactivated my internet instead of reducing the speed. My question is what happens to the 1.5GB data i have paid for? Don't i have the right to use the 1.5GB data i paid for as and how i please? How do i violated the stupid terms and conditions of NET10 if I decide to listen to Pandora till i exhaust my 1.5GB data 'meant for 30 days'. I sincerely advice potential subscribers to think twice before signing up with this mobile provider. Bunch of fraudsters and blood sucker out there to exploit the innocent consumer. You will definitely rip what you sow!

i was with GoSmart mobile (t-mobile) for about 7 months using it with my unlocked att galaxy S3 gotta tell ya data speeds are sooo slow...sending sms pics takes for ever...browsing the web same thing takes ages! bars i get 2 bars at home full bars when i go outside with the $45 plan. got sick of it went to Radio Shack bough the Net10 pack sim card was free just paid the $50 plan...went home activated and ported my number to Net10 though it was gonna take like 2 days to port number but guess what? IT ONLY TOOK 10 MINS! i now i get 4G LTE! internet is fast and data as well...bars i get 3-4-5 at home yeah it goes up and down when im home butno problems and no dropped calls like with gosmart...i have not contacted customer service because i have not had any issues for 3 days everything works perfect...im not worried about data getting cut off because i dont use it much. so lets see how it goes for the rest of the month.

I have had net10 service for a few months. since the beginning it has been challenging to say the least! Just trying to switch service from boost was a nightmare!Had to buy two different sim cards! the website is ridiculous! whenever i enter my phone number it just reloads the same page. it doesn't take me anywhere! When it is time to pay my bill i have to open the email they send and go to that website (which doesn't even look like the same website so i was kinda iffy about giving it my information)When i have an issue with my phone or service i call and they send me to an automated message about high data usage. (no matter what the issue is!) The last straw for me was today. I paid my bill 2 weeks ago ($50 UNLIMITED plan) and two days ago i wake up and my phone is not working. so i call. they send me to the automated message 3 different times. Finally i got a supervisor to tell me that my data shouldn't be suspended but that there was a network outage in my area. call back in 24 hrs. called back. get sent to the same automated message 2 more times. until finally another supervisor gets on the phone to tell me that once again my data should not be suspended. that the network outage was still going on. Call back the third day in a row and get the same response. "data suspended because you are over 1.5gb (even though i only used 350 mgb!) and the network outage was still going on. and they couldn't tell me what supposedly used this 1.5g of data! they didn't send me a notification saying it was getting close. seems like they only told me things to appease me and didn't really give me any answers at all! They just take your money apparently! I am so going back to boost! never had an issue with them!

I'm highly satisfied with Net 10 & my Droid for $50/month!! I couldnt imagine ever returning to a contract plan which would cost more $!!

Exactly what is offered. Net10 provides quality service at a good price and these sim cards are very inexpensive as compared to buying from Net10.  Great value...both the sim & the service.

I PURCHASED THIS SIM CARD OVER AMAZON AND IT WORKED GREAT FOR 10DAYS WITH MY HTC INSPIRE AND THEN I DON'T HAVE ANY INTERNET ACCESS. THIS IS FALSE ADVERTISMENT AND I AM VERY DISPLEASED WITH THIS PRODUCT. I HAD NET10 PHONE AND AS SOON I SWITHCHED FROM THEIR PHONE TO MY NEW SMART PHONE, IT ONLY GIVES 1.5GB DATA.SO ONE WOULD BE BETTER OFF WITH SOMEOTHER SERVICE THEN THIS ONE.IF I HAD TO PAY THIS AMOUNT FOR DATA, I WOULD HAVE NEVER LEFT AT&T.; I WISH THEY WOULD TELL US RATHER BEING IN THE SMALL PRINTS.I RATE THIS 1 STAR.

just bought this last week and have had Net 10 service for over 2 years with many different phones. You can't use sim card in any of their other phones and don't try and port your existing number without being on the phone with someone from India for hours. Currently I just bought their sim card and I'm using my AT&T; LOCKED HTC Inspire 4G on their $50 a month plan. It works great but internet data rates although said to be at 4G speeds isn't the best at times but does worked. to recap customer service does suck at times but I live in South Jersey and phone service is excellent. I pay less then half of what I used to for only 400 minutes with ATT. Net 10 servie is worth the hassles if you live in an area where they have service like NJ. I installed an App called My data manager that helps me keep track of my data use since they do limit data to 1.5gb and then cut you off. It does a great job at letting me know which programs hog the most data so I try and use those only when WIFI is present. Overall I believe the money I save monthly is well worth any of the hassles I've experienced.Net 10 customer service = 1 starphone service in my area = 5 starsdata service my area=  4 stars

I have used several different prepaid cards in the past.  I decided to try NET10 on a whim and i was greatly disappointed.  Normally all i have to do is go online to activate a Sim card.  Pick your plan and phone number unless you are porting your old number.  That is it.  NET10 had me created an account first, then select the plan. When i did this, my credit card was charged but i never received a number. It said my transaction was not completed please call the 1800 number.  I checked my credit card and the payment was pending to NET10.  I called the customer service number. The lady told me that it was only a pre authorization and it should drop off the next day.  Right i have never seen a pre authorization on any Credit card drop off less than 4 business days.  She informed me she could get me activated but i would need to pay for a new plan.  (WHAT).  I said NO, i will wait until the next day once my money has been credit back to me.  Two days past and it was still pending.  I again tried to call customer service.  This time i was transferred to a INDIA service center.  Which they cant do anything but answer the phone and pass you to someone else.  Needless to say i will NEVER use NET10.  I loss $5 on this but i probably saved myself a headache in the future.  I have found Straight Talk and now H20 to be the best prepaid plans.

didn't work right on the phone I bought had to get a new one it was a lost of money

I got the card today and am totally confused why this activation kit does not include a mini sim card!! What the heck??? They advertise it will work with virtually any android phone and don't include a mini sim card??? Very unhappy. Well i'm out of luck because i need the mini sim. C'mon man all the new phones now need a mini sim give me a break how is that not notated on here???
