
I can compare with the original Samsung Note 1.It sure is faster than the above mentioned, the touch screen works great and the resolution, although lower, is more than acceptable.The problems I see with this model are:Memory:  Although it says 500 Mb, you can only install a few applications before Android starts complaining that its out of memory.  My Note has 1 Gb but I can install 20 times more applications than on this model.  I understand that the bloatware that is already installed on the phone reduces the amount of available memory for downloaded apps but still when installing memory seems to go down faster than it should.GPS: is shaky at best, works sometimes, doesn't at others, in general I would say acceptable.For the price, great phone but if like me you like to install lots of stuff (I have 230 apps installed on my Note), stay away from this one.  If on the other hand you're happy with 20-30 apps, than great phone.Used it in Canada, China and France with local SIMs from these countries, picked up all the configuration automatically without a glitch.

The phone was a gift, but from all the information I have received it has performed wonderfully. The shipment was very quick too.

It's a very good product for the price.  I would have liked a better camera but can't complaint for $135 not bad at all.

Excellent telephone the unique thing that I Dont like is the memory internal its to small for install applications. And the memory ram is 512 mob. Out of that the telefone is good. The screen its OLED not AMOLED.

Very good experience,fast shipping i m happy having that phone.they sent me. A f7100 instead of the n9770 that i ve ordered but it s work similar i m very gratefull having that phone

First I must say that I really liked the phone, the only problem is it did not work well.  The calls drop constantly and when I am able to get a connection it is hit or miss.  The can you hear me now commercial became a normal in my life.  Using the internet or downloading apps was like using dial up.  I returned the phone and decided to get a real Note.  Buying this phone may save a few dollars on the front end but in the words of Judge Milian &#34;Lo barato sale caro&#34; - The cheap comes out expensive, because you will be buying a new phone if you want one that works.

This phone has a lot of futures to work with and is a nice smart phone my friends love it.

I ordered from Pronto Tec and just received my phone today.Unfortunately the phone was totally used, and for quite some time. I see now that Pronto Tec only has one left in stock. I hate ordering the last one of an electronic item like this one. I think the risk of getting a returned item is too high.The home button was really beat up and the screen protector had two air bubbles with grit underneath. I bought myself a larger Android Note III a month ago and it had a logo plastic film on the screen which this one did not. I am positive this phone was repackaged.Since my order was "Fulfilled by Amazon" it took only a couple minutes to get a free return shipping label and a refund. I have no desire to deal directly with the seller, and I recommend everyone else to do the same.I have now ordered the "Mango Natural Star I9220(N9770)5.0" Capacitive Android 4.0 Mtk6575 Dual SIM Smart Phone (White)" and hope to get better results.

Great phone for the features.  Just a couple of things could use improvement. There isn't as much ability to do some things to customize functionallity to the user &/or situation.  This would not be as much of an issue, if the company that made it had much in the way of support... I can't even find the maker, much less any updated packages which would fix anything that needed it.  The instruction booklet is a joke... and again, no way to find any better information.Only one real worry... It does most everything fast & smooth, but playing games heavy on flash, like Ruby Blast, will overheat it pretty qwickly; I was also shocked to find it overheating just now, as it was powered off to quick charge the battery... only I forgot to put the battery in the phone!  I don't think that it should do that, but a last time,. no way to find out!LOLHowever, even with the somewhat harsh view above, I can say that I've been happier with this phone than anything I've had in years! Mostly because it is a capable & fully functional PHONE, not locked to some carrier [which should be illegal] and available for a realistic, reasonable price!! Only one friend of mine has a phone that you might say is in the same class as this one... and he paid !!!5 TIMES AS MUCH!!!

My phone came within a week from China which was great. I really like the phone but I'm not done trying it out. But so far I like it. Its supposed to be a N9770 4.0.1 but its seems to be a N9000 my boyfriend has the I9220 N9000 4.0 but the phones look identical. But when I turned it on it was different but it depends on which slot you put your sim card in. The only thing I wish this from had a task manager app like my other phone so I could just hit end on whatever is running but on this phone you have to go to settings hit apps hit running and stop what's running that's to much work. Btw I received 2 batteries,headphones which I can talk thru while I'm on the phone, 2 pens, & a case! & it was wrapped like a gift when I opened it! Two thumbs up!

So far It has been working pretty good except it's too big in size than I expected.  Low price, good quality.

very nice phone, my daughter love it. the price is just right  and I'm thinking of buying another for me.

I'm going to give a detailed review of this phone, but for those who may be reading this but don't want to read a long drawn out review, I  have had this phone for two weeks, and so far its been GREAT. Let me say first, I would have given a 5 star rating, but as I stated, its only been 2 weeks, so there's plenty of time for things to go wrong. Moving on, I was pleased to find that this phone has a screen protector installed already. I purchased a package of screen protectors but now I don't need them. As stated in the product description, the phone comes with a spare battery, (2) battery covers (one with a leather flip cover), (1) wall charger with detachable usb cable and headphones. The wall unit is for European electrical outlets, so I can't use it, but the usb cable plugs in to any USA wall unit that you already have. The earphones are cheap, but actually sound pretty good. The CPU is dual core and super-fast. The resolution is better than I expected. The rear camera is pretty good. Its listed as 8MP but I would say its more like 5MP. The front camera will do for skype and things like that as long as the area is well lit. Hardly any internal storage, but I popped in the 32MB MicroSD card from my old phone and it works fine. Works well on T-Mobile. I have to use 2G Edge Data speed when wifi isn't available but that's not the phone's fault. T-Mobile 3G 2100MHZ coverage hasn't reached my area yet. Overall, its hardtop beat this much phone for the price (I paid $149.48 shipping included)! I took the phone out of the box, charged it, popped in my SIM and SD and its been smooth sailing. I have almost 150 apps installed and so far, ITS ALL GOOD! Hope this helps someone as the other reviews were quite helpful to me!

The has a very slick design.  Unfortunately, the inner workings has much to be desire.  It is bare bones, the WiFi disconnects frequently, settings options are minimal.If this phone is judged only on looks it is a 9 and a 5 when we consider all options.

So far I am very happy with this phone.  I initially got an iphone 3gs and returned it because I did not like the small screen and the fact it is apple.  This phone is great (the samsung galaxy 3 or 4 comes with a better android os).  You do not have to jailbreak this phone to write code on it.  It is perfect for me.  I am using H20 service for just text and talk, so I have no internet.  But when I'm in range of wifi i can use the internet and make free phone calls through google talk and receive free phone calls.  I really wanted the new galaxy but I hate contracts and did not want to fork out a lot of money just for phone.  The phone came with two batteries.  I have only had it 3 days and have used it heavily without having to charge it.  I will probably need to charge about every 4 days.  I hope the batteries last.Update 2 months later after use.  Still very happy with the phone.  Battery last longer when after using it you click power button to turn off screen.  Phone gets hot if you are playing games on it.  I was playing a game then got a phone call the heat was pretty annoying.Not sure if I have my contacts setup correctly but when I try to text someone it gives me invalid recipient.  I have not found a fix besides editing the to senders address when I text someone.  This does not happen when I reply to a message.If I lost or broke my phone today I would definitely replace it with this one.

A lot of people leaving anything less than a perfect 5* review for this phone, I've noticed don't know what they're talking about. I bought this N9770 black Star (generic Note 2) and I absolutely LOVE IT. Of all the phones I've ever owned (I work at ATT so I've owned quite I few including iphones, HTC models from past 3 years and the real note 1 & 2). The back and menu button light up a light ultraviolet purple that looks amazing, it has incredible battery life that outlasts a day and makes it so you don't have to charge until bed time. It runs on android 4.0 and for those of you that don't know much about that, or what it means I can tell you this is my favorite version because its the smoothest without any force closing. Whereas Android 2.3 is slow and sluggish and 4.1 up does nothing but force close and CONSTANTLY freeze. I hate 4.1.0 and 4.1.1 and if you look it up under Google you'll see all the known issues with those versions and how 4.0 is by far the most successful which is what this phone has. Apps that try to run in the background get closed without you having to go in yourself to close them. So you don't have to worry about ads constantly popping up, data being wasted etc. You can block callers you don't want to annoy you you can download any and all Google apps because this phone is so advanced it has no restrictions like htc has on a lot of its models, and LG as well. You can set up fingerprint or face lock as well, which is an AWESOME feature to lock your phone so only you can access it. It's unlocked, so you can use it with Straight Talk, Net 10, ATT etc. And it's way easy to set up. When I ordered this phone I actually got instructions included on how to set it up. Only gel cases for the note 2 fit, or hard and flip cases designed specifically for the Star N9770 which can be found on eBay and Amazon only basically. Totally worth it though! I've had nothing but compliments on this phone and a girlfriend of mine who has the note 2 made by Samsung actually straight up told me my phones smoother! Seeing as how it was also a fraction of the price, well, I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PHONE. Best purchase you will ever make, guaranteed, or I'll by yours from you!

I currently live in the Dominican Republic and Took me 30 days to receive the phone but I was properly informed by Amazon. No complains about it specialy after I tried the unit. I love it, because everything it has worked as advertised and them some. I'm not tech savy and needed a little help from my service carrier to set up the internet software due to country location since this phone works just about everywhere in the world. Everything else worked on the fly and I'm already very confortable customizing it to my needs. Worth every penny!

This is a solid piece of equipment,and I can understand why it gets good reviews,  but without an instruction book its not much good to me, I m the wrong side of 50 to have a natural understanding of technology. from simple things like deleting contacts,( still don't have any idea. LOL) getting online without using WiFi.  another problem I have had is Audio profiles mysteriously change from General to meeting or silent without my knowledge resulting in me missing important calls.  futile searching on google for instruction book or some knowledge on how to use I have now reverted back to bog standard cheapie phone 10  in Tesco unlocked at least I have confidence I wont miss important calls now. I will pass this on to a younger member of my family ,so buyer beware unless you are already familiar with this phone give it a wide berth and buy something where the manufacturer can be bothered to supply instructions on  how to use itI give it a 1 star rating don't know how to give it zero star which is I my preferred rating

Phone works great have no problems with any of the applications. I also love the facial recognition lock. The only thing I don't like about his phone is that you can'tfind any cases for it.

ANY BODAY WANTS TO BUY THIS PHONE PLEASE CLOSE YOUR EYES AND BUY ITS AN NICE PHONE AND WORTH PAYNING USD170.

it seems to work all right time will tell  as for the other part of order phone guard  it will take a month to get it to long

because it is a cheap knockoff made by children in china and it is very slow and does not support 3G even though it's supposed to

This seems to be an excellent product.  It's dual core, so it does seem faster than our Samsung Galaxy, yet it can do everything the Samsung can do, plus.  It also comes with 2 batteries, so you have a backup battery you can pop in.  You can charge the device in your car outlet as well as home outlet.  The screen is easily scratched (no gorilla glass here), so I purchased a plastic cover for it, even though it comes with a protective case.  You can purchase a microchip for extra memory, though I haven't had to do that yet.  It is a dual sim, which is awesome when you need phone service, or even 3G.  We will get 3G service when we travel in Europe so we can be connected to the internet virtually anywhere we go. =)  I have dropped the Samsung while out hiking so many times and it's incredibly tough, I can vouch for that. Once it landed directly on a rock and wasn't the least bit phased.  I take great pains not to drop this one as it might not hold up to that test.  I would say they need a catchy name like Samsung.Many weeks post purchase this product has continued to be a great value.  I love that you can add memory and that there's a back up battery.Now it has been months post purchase I'm even more impressed with this device. While it isn't configured for Skype, Magic Jack works wonderfully on it and therefore phone calls can be made local or long distance wherever there's adequate internet service for free.  There is a second battery though I've never had to use it as the one fully charged battery, even with constant use lasts all day.It still can't play Netflix, but I have stored many downloadable movies on it.  Also, with each new update it is coming closer and closer to playing Netflix as well.Sorry I can't answer all questions related to this product.  I do think for the average non-techie user (like me) it's an amazing value.

I had this phone for 2 weeks and already having a lot of problem. Will be returning this phone because it is defective. Since the 1st week that I have this phone the touch screen quit woring. Now the 2nd week the display will shake and become unstable. The phone would go in and out of apps on its own. I don't know if I just got a bad one of what. But from my experience with this phone I do not recommend this to anyone.Pros:Nice large screen with good layout of apps. The camera take very good picture. Very fast with good built in GPS.Cons:Phone touch screen is very sensitive and unstable. Lockup every couple of hour.

I've had this phone for about a month I accidentally dropped it and the screen is cracked with the protective cover. If you like those big phones then that's right phone for you. Personally i like being able to operate a cell phone with one hand ...not this phone it's almost impossible to text with just one hand... But overall it takes good pics there are plenty of internal memory... Another negative thing about this phone I like the voice text feature but when you use it sometimes it prompt you to tap the screen again in order talk and if that wasn't bad enough you have to tap that little tiny keyboard icon on the screen to get it back to the normal text screen...

bad phone! very low quality, didn't last passed 2 weeks and was having problems right out of the box!bad phone all around, just looks fancy.

i gave it 5 stars because the product was better than what i expected.Very large display beautiful picture quality.Fits well in the hand not cheap feeling.i would recommend this phone to anyone who is not willing to pay high price but looking for a nice reasonable price phone..It comes with the play store which i love..Its not that much external memory but its still worth the low cost.

I thought I had studied this product thoroughly, I even watched videos on you tube, I read all the reviews, I like the phone but I do feel somewhat disappointed, the build is Awesome it looks great but the battery runs down very fast and it seems like i am always charging it, a really annoying thing is that the screen flashes black during calls which makes it practically impossible to use the keyboard during calls and the ear speaker or around the ear speaker gets very very hot for some reason, I don't know if this unit is faulty or if they all do it? but ive read nothing about it, its a shame I really wanted to love this phone but I think I may have to return it :(UPDATE: As time went on the glitches appeared more and more,the phone would freeze up and other times it would do stuff without even touching it,This phone drove me nuts and burnt my ear because it gets so hot, Do not waste your time and money

For what is advertised, this is one horrible piece of junk. The phone does not work. You can't even hear when people talk, ever. I am hoping that I can return it. DO NOT buy this phone.

It's a amazing phone for the money it has quick response .I use it on AT&T network and on H2O..I works amazing

Good experience with this phone expect the case that house the memory card; this was poorly designed and I am having a hard time to keep the memory card in place especially when I have to change the case on my phone.Any suggestions on how to address this problem/issue; thanks a lot!

Shipping was delayed from China a few days. Bit phone works great. No problems at all works with straight talk by the wayMy daughter loves it screen is big and display is good but only one thing she has said sometimes you have trouble hearing when using itBut overall good buy good qualityAnd works great!!!!

this product is great for what it is and the price it is at. its not a galaxy by any means, but it sure is close to it. only thing that keeps it from being a galaxy, is the lack of features. all in all, its a great phone for the money. this is my second time ordering it, i broke my first one. the one down side is that the audio jack for headphones kind of suck. would suggest getting Bluetooth headphones.

First I order it on 4/16 @my door 4/20. Doesnt get better than that!Been watching & reading reviews on this phone since 9/2012. My first one I ordered in March 2013, NOT FROM THIS SELLER.  Sadly I had to return it but then I found this seller. I love this phone which is why I re ordered. Former galaxy nut and this phone works very close to a galaxy product.Videos, great, front camera sliding pics I LOVE IT. The back camera I havent used as of yet. Pre loaded apps all work well. THIS PHONE HAS A SETTING MANY MAY NOT KNOW ABOUT.RECORD YOUR CALLS, no app to download and risk slowing down phone or damage. Its in the phone settings. Not many ppl record there calls but i needed to for a specific reason. Had app on my previous galaxy phone and it caused many problems.I cant say enough good about this phone. Purchase a protective cover and cases I have the slip in case and book like case. If you drop it, it probably will damage it. So avoid the heartbreak with a case. Awesome phone AWESOME SELLER. It works with GO PHONE W/AT&T.; If you cant get ur phone to 3g and mms wont send or recieve. Dont call at&t; cus no tutorial for this phone and they cant help you. Just go into your settings. under data usage click more, access point names, click on Cingular 410,THE ONLY THING YOU NEED TO CHANGE IS (MMS PORT) it should be set to 80, then save. Reboot and send mms. if still doesnt work do exactly same thing. When you click on Cingular 410, scroll to bottom look for APN enable/disable. If disabled just click to enable. reboot and u will see the 3g at top of phone.

The size is awesome. The OS is awesome. The phone hasn't posed any major problems for me.Only 2 qualms.First problem is the headphone interface. It's not very good. I'm a person who likes using large, cover the ear headphones with a mic, and this phone doesn't like the jack. it won't stay properly nested. As if the part that is meant to keep the jack in won't lock it down. (actually a big problem for me as i really wanted to use it as my mp3/video player and phone)Second problem is that it seems that the detection for having the phone horizontal or vertical is bad. I just use mine mostly vertical, but watching videos and then making a transition to back to text is annoying as i can't simply have the phone horizontal. Sitll, for the price, i would recommend over many other phones out there.

Unfortunately here where I live the service is not very good so I have to return it. But the reviews are great and of what I could tell the reviews tell it all.

It arrived before expected date which was great. All features were as stated but THIS PHONE IS NOT CONNECTING WITH MY SERVICE PROVIDER AND I BOUGHT TWO because it claimed to be unlocked. I've written for a replacement because I really like this phone but the seller is yet to respond and its been three (3) days. Amazon's response was prompt in forwarding my request to the seller, so now I just have to wait.

NEVER WORKED. NOBODY SHOULD INVEST THEIR PENNY ON THIS PHONE. IT FREEZEZ AND DIFFERENT ICONS POPS UP AT WILL. THE CAMERA POPS UP AT WILL. A WHITE BUBBLE RUNS ACROSS THE SCREEN AND BEGINS TO WORTHLESSSCAMBLE ALL FUNCTION ICONS. AT THIS  POINT, NO KEY WORKS. THIS PHONE IS WORTHLESS. I BOUGHT THIS PHONE TO USE OUTSIDE THE USA, BUT I ENDED BUYING ANOTHER PHONE OVERSAES.ANOTHER PROBLEM IS THAT THE SELLER REFUSED TO ACCEPT IT BACK BUT AGREED TO REPAIR IT ONLY IF I SEND IT BACK AT MY EXPENSE. AND IT COST OVER $110.00 TO RETURN. PLEASE PEOPLE, DO NOT BUY THESE INERIOR PHONES FROM HONG KONG (BBQBUY).

i realy like the phone its fast, soled, light, clear LCD i will buy another one for my GFthanks star for this quality product

Excelente telefono !!!N9770 (U920) - 5.08 inch MTK6577 1.2GHz dual core CPU android 4.0.4 ICE CREAM SANDWICH 3G smartphone dual sim 8MP camera WIFI GPS, new google play store and flash player supported

There is no need to pay all that money for one of the branded phones.It delivers all its promises and more!

Very worth the price! This phones works with Straight Talk Mobile, after buying a sim card from their service. Cheapest way to have a better phone than everybody else.

Everything worked except the phone !  But, I decided to keep it anyway, as it is now just a mini computer, that I can use, or give to my kids to use...  I had to buy the real Samsung Brand Galaxy 3S.

This phone is not that bad. Its fast if you keep it all stock with only several added apps because the phone doesnt have too much memory and starts slowing down. I added go launcher to personalize it and it would "act up" when exiting whatever other app and back to home screens. I was able to connect my laptop to the hotspot on this phone without having to root it. I tried rooting it and it all went dead immediately. The whole reason why i needed to achieve root is because of the need to delete bloatware...unnecessary apps. I live in the 78520, i bought this phone to give it a try with a gsm carrier. I went to a local store and inserted Net10, T-mobile, H2O, Simple Mobile, and Telcel America sim cards. All of these gave my phone great signal but only picked up "E" as internet(2G aka EDGE). I decided to give Simple Mobile a try for a month and i edited the apns to simple data. No problem with picture messaging but the internet speeds are rather slow. The display and camera is not all that bad. The cam is definitely NOT an 8mp and the LED flash doesnt go bright enough to take pics in the dark... unless close-ups.  I got so many compliments on this phone but they had no interaction with it. I ordered a "Samsung Galaxy Note 2 II Rugged Holster Kickstand Belt Clip Case Hard Cover", here is the link http://www.ebay.com/itm/140940185369?ssPageName=STRK:MEWNX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1439.l2649.

This is my first android phone and i think i made a very good buy thus far... The only little problem I have is that netflix doesn't work and the top of the phone gets hot... I would recommend this phone...

Pro: good price, big screen, quick shipping, screen cover installedCon:- huge delay when answering call- often got complaint on the othe lines that the sound is too low, and they can not hear me- After 2 months of use, screen start acting up, jumping back and forth, taking the control out of user. I often turn off the screen then log back in to resolve issue. Lately, in the 3rd month, this issue become worse and worst.- Ram is only 512 meg, with all the pre-install software there is not much left to add new app.- the connection for audio is not tight, keep poping out. I am not able to listen to music because of this loose connection.

I liked the phone. Went ahead and bought the net 10 sim card for 10 dollars and a 40 dollar card and, it was no problem getting it set up and its a great phone for texting and calling or watching a movie and, the FM radio is half way ok,( bad reception). It comes with Google Play but when I try to download anything, it gives me ERROR (-101). I even tried to install apps from SD Card. Nope. All my pictures and music? Flawless transfer. I am stuck with it for awhile but, If this error is fixable, I would give it 5 stars.

Speakers don't work. None of the pre-installed navigation apps work. They all force close once opened.

There is a problem to hear while talking w/out ear peace. it is not worth it to spend that much money.

The item arrived before the listed date, and came in excellent condition. i am still in the testing and evaluation stage, and will update this information as time goes by.here are some of my findings. I was pleasantly surprised to open the box and discover an additional case with screen cover. this gave the phone some screen protection while not adding any significant weight. the phone is exactly what was described on the website. in addition to the power button, the home button located at the lower front of the screen  also wakes up the screen, depending on the user, this can get squeezed while in a purse or pocket and will wake up the phone or even remained in a depressed position, depending on where the phone is lodged, if one is using WiFi or any internet access, the battery will barely make it through the day, however with telephone calls and running a few apps, one may get a little more 36 hours before recharging. when running apps such as games, the area just under the camera becomes very hot, this is not the battery but I believe that the CPU is located in that area. I have not yet measured the temperature differential between normal use and apps (games) usage, but it is significant enough to be felt with bare hands.In conclusion, the unit works well. I am still conducting longevity and user stress testing and will update as new information is generated.

I really love ma cell, it covered all the expectations. The software, speed, touch screen.. and the price its just perfect. The only problem I figured out was about the internet, the wifi was perfect and the network too but it didn't want to take the internet service.. I was just scared but finally I contacted an expert and then he solved the problem, it was really sheap actually. It brings all the stuff that they say. I really love it!

Ordered on 10/10, phone was at my door by 10/15 and that included a holiday. I put my Sim card in and my phone was working in seconds. The case and pen that came with the phone are cheap so I will be replacing those items .  The case is too small for this phone anyway but I appreciate the fact it came for free. I will say the phone has a HD screen so I have to get use to holding the phone in a certain angle to see the screen.  I love this phone! I wish there were a few more perks to the phone like the galaxy note but hey this phone was a third of the price of agalaxy so I can't complain too much about that. I had to pat myself on the back with this purchase! Enjoy!

I bought it for my daughter and she likes it a lot. She's using simple mobile and it works fine so far.

This phone was well worth the purchase price of 165.00 with free shipping. nice xxl screen to see and view everything clearly. I could'nt see myself paying 600 plus for an unlocked that does everything the name brand phone does and without a contract. Can't be beat.

The cell phone is really as presented, easy to set up yet another language. I am very happy with my purchase. I would like to sell more accessories like protective coses and headphones. As for the shipping only took a week from Hong Kong by FEDEX and it was excellent!Congratulations to the seller for his serious and professional treatment. Greetings from MEXICO!

couldnt get nexflix to work no matter what  version i put...screen display looks weird..like the old display of a cheap netbook..it hurt my eyes to look at it....returned the item

no't  same units send me different cellphone no like this show picture it is so bad too bad, I don't like lay to me

Amazon DEMANDS at least one star - why can't I give this brick zero stars?For a smart phone this thing is dumber than a brick (with apologies to bricks everywhere!). It randomly changes ring tones - seemingly whenever it 'feels' like it because I can't for the life of me figure out what I might have done between hanging up from one phone call and the next incoming call when all I did was hit the disconnect button. It did this to me on day one - I should have sent it back then - now I'm stuck with a loony brick. Every time I rebooted it I'd get yet one more different ring tone - and maybe one or two changes down the road a few days later. This thing is psychotic.Its taken lately to telling me there is no sim card in slot 2 - yeah - I already knew that bozo! My contacts list has disappeared from view. So now when someone on my contacts list calls me I get their number but the phone does not give me the contact name. When I try a transfer from the sim card to 'contacts' it tells me there are duplicates and it cannot process my request. I've gone back to my perfectly good Nokia N73 for the time being.

First it arrived way sooner then I expected coming from china! 2 weeks earlier then the expected arrival date! It is bigger then I realized it would be but I love it! I bought it mainly for the WiFi, and that its an android! Its fast, connection is super, it takes great pictures too! you can't go wrong with this phone, they sent an extra battery, plus head phones!

the only problems I have with the team is that I could not achieve link via bluetooth with BFH-8/5538 Sound Logic Bluetooth Foldable Headset, and not if cellular equipment that does not work properly or bluetooth Sound Logic .The rest very satisfied

I received this phone 3 weeks ago, installed a SandDisk 32GB class 10,yesterday appeared damaged,I formatted it,but the SD is useless. on the other side the phone work fast, better than a StarI92220 that I bought for my wife one month ago, it is more slim, has a dual core MediaTek processor compared with a single core of the I9220, I thought that I got a better product for the same price with the N9770, I was wrong.

Good quality, Good features. Everything works fine as I needed. Smart dual regular-SIM management. Image is clean and sharp. WOW. Loud sound and I love it. The phone size is perfect for me to hold steady in one hand, phone is not too small or too large, as the distance is just right between my ear (listen) and my mouth (speak) without having to move up or down when talking. The cover case has a see-thru window that I can view the clock, date and top widgets status. I like it.

I am Very pleased with this phone, every streaming program I have tryed has worked very well, I just in stalled Redbox streaming by Verizion and it works perfectly.  I wish it was 4G, but is is a great 3G phone.  The only complaint I would have would be the 8mp camera, is very weak, for a 8mp camera.

I ordered this phone was really excited waiting for phone.when phone finally arrived it was the wrong phone.it looked used the box wasn't sealed.onevof the 2 batteries was out of the plastic.all accesories were open and looked used then put back in box.the phone had allready been configured.I had to factory reset the Phone. I had bought from Amazon many times but after this buy I refuse to buy anything again.... Don't understand why I received the wrong phone. Don't want to send back because I may never get my money back.I will try to sale on craigslist to get my money back now...so I can purchase the phone I want from tmobile.  Very disapointed with service.......

this junk dont work when i press one letter 15 letters come up this junk worthless i hate i spent my money on this

Pros:China to FL in 2 weeks.Works well with my ST sim card.Got a 16g mini SD card to go with it.2 batteries come with the phone.Good sized screen...glad I didnt get the 6&#34;Cons:Headphone jack doesnt hold a 3.5mm plug very well.

I do recommend this phone to anybody who wants to save money andwitch any carrier, since is a unlock phone.

If I could rate 0 stars, I would've!!!I thought I bought this item from Bestseller2013, instead what i recieved was a F7100 (which is just as big and thrice as useless). Once i recieved the product, I emailed the buyer to get an exchange and was told this is what was advertised!!! O.....k, lets start with the specs on the F7100-3MP back camera, VGA front camera, 1.0 dual core CPU, cheap plastic feel, weak flash, bad screen resolution that looked like ever photo was shot from The Fog yonder. I didnt need to see more and sent the manufacturers back their phone. The problem was i HAD to get Amazon involved with their A-Z gaurantee or Bestseller2013 would've stuck me with crap!!! After the shipping and Handling for this package back to china (which was another 25+ hard earned dollars) I now have to wait 20+ days for them to check for &#34;extrinsic damage&#34; and refund my money...All in all a little under $200.00 dollars thrown down the drain and I'm hoping Amazon will continue their good cutomer service and help me with the remainder of the situation. In conclusion, if you want the original android, cheap and useless camera, and a phone that will always remind you of a t-mobile prism wrapped in a HUGE Shiny cheap feeling  wrap, ORDER THIS, if not, get a real phone from amazon and save yourself weeks of a headache (because bestseller will ensure that)

well, I wanted to change my phone and I found the N770 (U920). I was like &#34;ok, let me try it&#34;. Now, I can say, it is better to try something: I really like my new phone, I have more fun with it.

My SD card keeps demounting on its on everyday I lose pictures an music an I can't use my camera when that happens makes me mad

Its a nice phone but it feels like an offbrand Note 2. Lacks the features that make a smart device such as android beam.

Have had this phone for two weeks and it works very well. First saw the phone at a friend's and was very impressed by the look of the phone and he highly recommended it. Bought one and it works very well. Picture quality is average, screen size is good for video streaming and browsing. Browing with wifi is fast.

Effective 10/21/13 Phone became unresponsive sent message to seller was told order over 30 days nothing they could do suggested I take it to a store. BOUGHT over the internet what store am I suppose to take it to. So if this is the quality of the product not sure its worth it. As for customer service for Amazestore leaves a lot to be desired. The rest of this review was written back in August before the phone stopped working.This item was shipped from Hong Kong arrived before the expected delivery date. The packing was great the box was in perfect condition. The phone was semi easy to get started with. The biggest issue was the language on the phone upon arrival was Chinese and as I do not speak Chinese I had some difficulty changing the language. I did find a video on the internet with some steps and was able to find the right icons to change the language to English. Once that was done the phone was a lot easier to work with. I am learning more about the phone each day. The instruction booklet that came with it was in extremely small print and very difficult to read. I like that I can set the font size on the phone. I am enjoying the new phone and learning new things about the phone so I am very happy. The battery does not always last a full day depending on what I have been doing on the phone. It does come with a second battery so you will have a backup battery if you charge both overnight.

It got here a lot faster than I expected.  I do love it, is as what I expected.  My cell phone provider can not accomodate the dual sim, but that's not the seller's fault.  I wish I could find this very phone in a single sim version.

it's a great smartphone for that price, come with android jelly bean, is fast, and the screen is so good, the bad the equip used for 2 hour and the battery is totally discharge.

I love this phone....very big and pretty...also very good price on a phone look this...its the best phone o ever had

very nice phone, the first one mic didn't work, the second one froze during a download and bricked itself, the third one works great. With Amazons return policy if bought from prime don't worry

The phone is defective. I have been in contact with the seller on trying to fix the issue. I may have to send it back because we don't have the parts in the states for the phone.

I really like the phone but two days after I got it, the Bluetooth feature would pair with the phone but the phone won't allow me to make or receive calls using Bluetooth.  Very unhappy with that!

Well I finally got my phone only had it for one day I like it but the shipping is not true took longer to get to me and I had no idea it would be coming from china until after I bought it or I wouldn't have gotten it and the tracking info it terrible not pleases

Beautiful phone so far, I've had it for about a month now and it works great still. The camera is decent but it does take some nice videos. I am a little bummed out the headphones the phone comes with are the only ones you can use but the quality of the sound is great although they can brake if you drop them but you could easily snap back on the front piece. The call quality is good as well I have no problems with it. Now the battery life is okay too usually one battery last me a whole day but it does die quick if you constantly use it or play games on it. It also overheats if you use it while it charges so make sure you leave it alone if it is charging. It does cone with Bluetooth,WiFi and GPS and they all work great. The only downfall is the is not WCMDA like it says it is but the phone is still fast which is why I rated the phone 5 stars

en general el tel&eacute;fono funciona bien, pero desde que llego la c&aacute;mara fotogr&aacute;fica a tenido problemas, pierde los colores y aveces la imagen, al parecer esta suelta, porque al apretar la esquina superior derecha funciona bien, cosa que no se debiera hacer, tienen que funcionar sin estar apretando el tel&eacute;fono.//overall the phone works fine, but since the camera to get into trouble, loses the colors andSometimes the image apparently is loose, tighten it to the upper right corner works well, which is not supposed to do, have to operate without pressing the phone.
