
If you read somewhere that anyone who buys this phone customarily goes into a brain-gasm for five minutes of holding it - you read the truth.I did a whole lot of research and contemplation before making this purchase - and now I wish I had not spent that week without this beauty. The top contenders were iPhone 5, Galaxy S4, HTC 8X, HTC One and Lumia 920. I chose Lumia and here's why:Design:This is clearly the best selling point for the 920. Sure, iPhone 5 feels solid but Lumia with its premium (plastic?) and its weight feels as sturdy and nice. HTC 8X and One have sturdy bodies too - but somehow still feel cheap and smudge-prone. Galaxy S4 really loses the plot (for me) on design. It feels even more cheap and light and plastic than my old S2.I got the white one - against all taunts and persuasions from my girlfriend - but both of us now agree it does NOT look girly. Plus, its glossy look stays clear of fingerprints and dirt - and ends up looking more professional than the black. That's a big plus for me.I also like how the screen juts out of the white body by half a mm - feels great in the hand. I was a little worried about the waste of real estate towards the bottom bezel - but after using the phone - I barely notice it - and in fact like having that extra space for the home/back/search buttons.The weight is great - yes it does feel significantly heavier than any other phone out there - but you know what - it should feel like that - this is a substantial phone - and the weight also works to provide balance in hand.OS/Apps:Windows Phone OS is great - it's fluid beyond anything iOS or Android can offer and fortunately Microsoft is putting all its weight behind it. Everything works smooth, fast and looks like a million bucks. The Nokia-specific apps - Here Maps, Drive, Transit - are better than any other geo apps out there, period. I use public transit and nothing beats Here Transit.That been said, the Windows Phone store still lacks a lot of apps it shouldn't by now. There is no reliable Yellow Cab app, no Wells Fargo app, no decent Guitar tuner app in the store. But hopefully, as Windows Phone gets more popular - these shall follow.Oh and Nokia Music - so basically Nokia Music is like a Pandora service - which lets you listen to unlimited music mixes for free online but also allows you to download upto four such mixes for free for offline listening. Yes, you read this right. It IS that awesome. I use it everyday to the extent I no longer have any of my own music library on the phone.Other Features:The phone does not have FM. However it appears that the phone has always had the hardware for it - it just has been dormant. There is going to be a Lumia Amber update coming to the device very soon - which will enable FM. I could not ask for more.Wireless charging is a nice little feature - but I haven't personally used it. The camera looks great on specs - and almost everybody who has reviewed the phone has said the quality is fantastic - I haven't had a chance to really test the camera out.Nokia has of course brought out other Lumias after the 920 (925, 1020, 928). All of these offer the same set of features and quality (1020 of course gives you a 41 MP camera) - but if you want a phone that feels substantial in your hand or pocket and has a great finish overall - 920 is still the one to buy.

Everything looks good. I like the way it puts together all contact options under one place. I know almost all others do that but this allows you to contact the person desired channel with one click. This is easy. I should also mention about Camera. It is wonderful. There are many apps in the store provided by Nokia for camera. With those, you may modify, enhance and even add animation to your photos. It is a great phone.

It is device which saves me from being bored. Apart from being used as a camera its every thing u need smaller than a tablet.

The size and weight of this thing is a non-starter for lots of people, like women and men who wear their phone in pockets. If only Nokia made this phone 20% smaller, it would appeal to a larger audience. As it stands now, it's good for geeks with large palms in baggy clothes.

5 stars all the way...!!! The screen pops the colors is just amazing, the camera is the best camera i've seen in a smartphone, the only best are the new lumias on the market. it feels solid and you can really feel the quality of the materials. It's a little fatty but nothing that bother much (sorry for my english). iCompletely recommend the product.

I received this phone yesterday and I must say the size and weight surprised me. I had the GS3 with sprint and the phone was pretty un-noticeable in our pocket, making me for get what pocket I had it in ( military uniform). This phone definitely makes itself known. I like the feel and the weight of it. the screen in not as good as the GS3 but im ok with that. I am used to being able to customize my phone to my liking with android so windows will take a little bit to get used to. with all that being said there is not enough info from this seller about the phone. I would have liked to see that the phone was an unlocked GSM and it only takes micro sim cards which was a shock after I tried to find out where the sim card went.( you need something small like a needle to push the slot out on the top of the phone) It was a really weird spot to place the card. but anyway with being a Samsung fan I feel like this phone lacks so much in user interface. Its supposed to be easy to navigate with the tiles but man getting to the settings and figuring out where things are is confusing. took me a while to figure out the phone had NFC but at the same time certain files wont send through like with the GS3. I will be commenting again on this again later on.Update 8/26/13* Ok I have played with this phone and tried to figure things out and got a good feel for it but man compared to android and IOS this things SUCKS! the major apps that you would use daily are rated 3 at best because they are so horrible. I sadly regret trying to switch from android to windows....I been a mac fan for a while anyway. So I will be awaiting the response from the seller to return this phone. If you like android and the phone you want is a little steep.....SAVE YOUR MONEY AND DONT GET THIS PHONE!!!

I have owned this phone for a little under a month now and i am satisfied with it. I chose the Nokia because I don't think any phone should cost more. And this one was $200 well spent.Here are the facts:It looks great; sleek, clean and even though it has the same form factor as its competitors it still stands out. (even though the windows logo looks like it doesn't belong on the phone)battery life is way better than i expected, i average about 3hr talk time daily, my wireless is always on and i use browser frequently during day and i manage about 20 hr before battery gets critically low.Its not as fragile as it looks or feels. Because I paid only $200 I don't worry about dropping it or getting it scratched. The gorilla glass is a big help and the shell is just as awesome.browser is fast on WiFi and cell network. I benchmarked it against iPhone 4 and5, Samsung galaxy 4 and it is just as fast. The differences in performance were negligible.Call quality is excellent.I comes factory unlocked and none of the iTunes drama to deal with.There is a dark side.....The the user interface is clumsy... Takes a while to get familiar with it.Keypad is ok but text inputs are tedious. The cursor never goes where you want it. Selecting text for editing and copying is almost impossible. I find myself backspacing to correct errors or edit content. (writing review from phone and its taking for ever, even with a stylus. I hope they send a software update to fix or improve)The app environment is easy to navigate. But selection isn't impressive. I am especially dissapointed that real racing 3 is still not available. Even though I will never need or use more than 15 apps at any given moment, the luxury of choice just doesn't exist with windows phone. the essential apps work fine and get the job done.The camera isn't that great... Out performed by iPhone but not a real issue (it is after all, a phone)Home screens unattractive.... They could have done better.the truth is I can live with all the cons and at the end of the day its a phone that works well, I didn't have to pay $600 for it, I really couldn't have made a better decision

I had iphone for the past 4 years, and now that I got Nokia Lumia 920, I will never go back to iphone.  This phone is super fast and built like a strong machine.  great product, great finish and very user firendly.  feels like I am using a windows computer. What a combination "Nokia and Windos"!!!.

Windows 8 apps are a welcome change from iOS. Among the three ecosystems, I prefer Android, Windows 8, and iOS in that order. Blackberry, what ?! For ease of use, Windows phone is really easy to use. For someone interested in a first smartphone, Lumia 920 is an excellent choice. I got access to few Windows 8 phones to review. I will try to review them, but since I have not used for a period longer than a month I am not reviewing for reliability. User interface in Windows 8 is very pleasing and this is one of best phones with awesome user experience. If you prefer great user experience over infinite hackability, aka Android, then Windows 8 phones are great choice.The Lumia 920 has a stunning 4.5" IPS LCD, 1280x768 resolution, 332 ppi display. This phone has up to 32 GB storage and 1 GB RAM.  8.7 MP camera and a 1080p HD Video.  1.5 GHz dual core processor. I have extensively used in the past HTC Titan I and II which is pre Windows 8 (7.5) and I was surprised it has become more buttery smooth now. This phone has Gorilla Glass 2. Glass 3 is in the making and supposed to be even better. Stating following because this is highly underrated in reviews. From Corning's Gorilla Glass specs; WHAT MAKES GORILLA GLASS SO DAMAGE RESISTANT? The unique composition of Gorilla Glass allows for a deep layer of high compressive stress (created through an ion-exchange process). This compression acts as a sort of "armor," making the glass exceptionally tough and damage resistant. Ion exchange is a chemical strengthening process where large ions are "stuffed" into the glass surface, creating a state of compression. Gorilla Glass is specially designed to maximize this behavior.Lumia 920 does not support microSD expansion. I always feel this is a bummer. But with 32GB it is plenty with current app ecosystem.  These phones seem to be copying iPhone philosophy.  Battery 2000 mAh Lithium polymer battery (Compared to a high end Android Galaxy Note II, which has a battery of 3100 mAh Battery.) Unlike the Nokia Lumia 820, the Lumia 920 doesn't have a removable battery cover, which means you can't access or replace your battery. __Not having a storage expansion slot is a bummer for lot of people! Not being able to remove battery is a double bummer.__  For me, storage expansion and removal of battery is very important, so I was disappointed. This is the downside the unibody design.  Wireless charging is a big plus, though!Phone quality was excellent and speakerphone was awesome. Nice to see built in active noise cancellation with a dedicated mic. Nice to see Lumia 920 has Bluetooth 4.0. Bluetooth low energy (BLE), known as WiBree,is a subset of Bluetooth v4.0 with an entirely new protocol stack. As an alternative to the Bluetooth standard protocols that were introduced in Bluetooth v1.0 to v3.0, it is aimed at very low power applications running off a coin cell. I was able to get excellent reception with Bluetooth headset,Jaybird Sportsband Stereo Bluetooth Headphone - Bulk Packaging - Midnight BlackandJayBird BlueBuds X Sport Bluetooth Headphones - Midnight BlackAll the usual smartphone stuff, facebook, twitter, music, emails etc are all excellent. It is only the third party apps that are lacking in some arenas. If you are Microsoft heavy like Office suites, Lumia phone are awesome!Apps are limited in Windows 8 marketplace. Yes, we have heard this a gazillion times. Lumia has GPS receiver with A-GPS and GLONASS support. I tried with Garmin Navigon app which turned out to be great in giving voice directions. App ecosystem is a chicken and egg situation. Unless more phones are sold, developers don't have incentives to write apps. Apps are less now, because people are not buying in big droves. Windows Phone is now (early-mid 2013) the third-leading mobile phone platform, more than tripling its market share year-over-year. One recent report I read Android and iOS are ahead in games with 162.1 and 37.4 million shipments in 1Q13 and Windows phone came in 7 million. This is more than double from previous year. I really hope for Windows 8 platform to surge ahead because having a 3 way competition with iOS and Android is good for the ecosystem.ONE LINE SUMMARY: The Nokia Lumia 920 is certainly the best Windows Phone 8 smartphone on the market right now.

It's my first buying an used phone. I am afraid that a used phone may not work will. It may not have clear sound, or it has severe wear&#65292; or has low battery capacity. But when I got the phone, I was happy to see a almost new phone. The phone work well, but need to be unlock firstly. Just before the package arrived, the seller written an email to me, and told me the unlock code. Everything goes well, I unlocked the phone by myself, and use my own SIM card.

This Nokia Lumia seems like it should be a really FANTASTIC smartphone. But it is not.I have a couple of minor issues and one major one. This phone cannot attach photos and cannot receive attachments.  Seriously!  The sound quality is terrible.  Those are minor issues. Nokia has a TON of Lumia smartphones - that is a minor issue that I will  come back toThe big issue - the big problem and the big negative of this phone is the user interface. It seems like it should do everything, but it does not.  Microsoft wants windows to act the same way across all devices, and that SOUNDS like a great idea. It might work on a tablet or laptop or pc, or even a server. It does not work here.  The interface gets in the way of taking photos. Photos end up dark, out of focus, color-mixed, and worthless. The interface gets in the way of making calls - hanging up, switching between calls without intervention and generally frustrating to no end. The interface gets in the way of sending texts - texts!?!?!  Almost anything you might want to do with this high quality device will be a combination of &#34;How in the world does MS want me to do this?&#34;Cell providers are no help (I tried this phone with Tmobile and with AT&T;).  Why not? Well, it is a Nokia Lumia 920, but Nokia has a 1020, a 1520, a 520, a 530, a 710, a 521, and about a thousand similar devices.  Each of them must have their own unique quarks and quibbles, because on a combined basis, they are beyond the intelligence of the technical support of the cell provider.After paying about $500 for this, it now sits on a shelf. It takes poor photos, makes poor calls, doesn't attach and frustrates. Life is too short to deal with junk like this.  I've replaced it with a Samsung galaxy s4 - which at this point I'd give 4 1/2 stars to.I do NOT recommend the Nokia Lumia 920 to anyone. For anything.

The best phone ever built by Nokia. It is certainly the best you can get and really cheap comparing to other phones. The Lumia 920 is almost 1 year old but it is way better than the iPhone 5S and Samsung Galaxy 4!

I really like this phone. I really do. It is easy to use and lots of cool photo apps that have been taking my sweet time away. This phone did come unlocked and works with a t-mobile sim card. I did purchase this phone new but like most users here I received it used with minor scratches and sadly only came with the charger. I did however manage to get some sort of discount for this condition. Above all this phone is great for any shutterbug. The touch screen is sensitive-- more so than my iPad2!!Now for the cons: not a lot of apps, which is okay! I'm not much of an app user. The only apps I really use on the 920 are facebook, gmail, skydrive and instagraph.that being said the battery life is pretty poor. I was quite shocked after the 100% charge i had it before I slept but then in the morning it dropped to 89%. WOW. What happened? Apparently this is a major problem that Nokia/Microsoft haven't really (at least what I think) brought up. Google tips on how to increase the battery life.Note: this phone is heavier than you might actually expect. But with that aside I'm pretty happy with my purchase. If weight is an issue then wait for the 925.That's why I gave this 4/5 stars.---- Update 7/18/13Now I rate this 2/5 given that the battery life has been dropping more since I tried to increase it. The phone is a phone hog. I've turned off some apps, other items on the phone and put it on the not recommend battery saver mode, but the phone is still sucking up the battery like no other. I may have had a faulty phone... but my experience with it is pretty poor.Poor battery = slow loading time = unhappy customer. I returned this phone and am going to wait for the Nexus 5.

Its a very good cellphone, it delivery in just 2 days after the payment and are working very well! Amazing hardware and very useful for those who don't want to use IOs or Android!

The item arrived on time. Actually earlier than what it was expected to be! The phone was in fact unlocked, came with the nokia charger and the ear plugs. Everything was totally new so I am truly relieved! I was kind of unsure thanks to the bad Reviews about purchasing it but I couldn't be happier with Voltage Converter Store Seller. Excellent!I like the screen and even though everyone comments about how heavy it feels when handling it, I am a girl and trust me.... It's not that bad. It is not that heavy, when I felt it on hand, It just felt ok.. so if you are worry about it being a tank, it is not.

If you want a really good smart phone, this is it. It doesn't need to be iPhone or Samsung Galaxy. Lumia 920 is much better, it's more beutiful, it's faster, it's easier to use, it has more features, it has better camera and display, it has wireless chargning, it has NFC, it has everything you can imagine and more. I love this phone!

I have been using the phone for 3 weeks now and I have to say that it surpassed my expectations. I will give some pros and cons that I have noted so far:Pros:Battery life: I was a bit concerned about the battery life of the phone because I had read some negative reviews so I was really relieved when I found out that the battery life was amazing. So far I have never had to recharge more than once a day and the average battery life has been about 30 hrs. Considering that the phone is new and I cannot keep my hands off it, I have configured 3 email account (manual synchronization only), I have been shooting quite a lot of pictures and I have been doing a lot of texting I would say that the battery life is more than great.Screen: The screen is nothing less than amazing. I love every aspect of it. The colors, the oleophobic lair on it make it the best display I have used so far. The filter for the blacks is really doing its job and I feel almost like I am using an amoled display.Camera: No need to comment it. It is the best I have used on a mobile device.Size: This is a matter of personal preference but I love the weight of the device and the bulkiness. It feels great in my hands (although I have relatively big hands and this might be one of the reasons). The 4.5&#34; are more than enough to enjoy the great display.Applications: Although not many applications are available for win8(compared to Android and IOs at least) all that I have installed work extremely well. I like the fact that the applications are stored on the flash memory when I switch between them and this is not draining battery. When I go back to the app it loads very fist though and I do not feel any delay (this is a bit subjective I suppose).Cons:Some times I have problems synchronizing the email. I have to try several times (2 times on average) before the email gets synched. This does not happen every time but it is a bit annoying. But no matter this little problem - the email client is amazing. I really love reading my emails on it.Skype: sometimes when I go in and out from skype several times it does not start. The screen remains on resuming and after 20-30 seconds the application closes. I have not had this problem with any other application and it is not a deal breaker in any case.Apps: there are not so many games and apps in general. This is a disadvantage in general but actually I like it. I have not installed any games yet and probably that is the reason I am so pleased with the battery life :). I really love temple run and it is available for win8 as well but I have refrained from installing it so far. I have my nexus 7 for games!Facebook integration: Sharing pictures with facebook is not as easy as on android. It is not very intuitive but there is such an option.Final words: The device is amazing. I was pleasantly surprised from the user experience form the win8. This is my first phone with win8 and I have to admit - I am loving it :).

I ordered the phone and it came earlier then expected. The packaging was fine, however, the phone was in Italian language, along with the book. Once I downloaded the phone manual from Nokia it was easy to change. The phone works great. I am using it on the Straight Talk Network and I was able to make it work. I can do everything I want on the phone.

Do not waste time nor money: this phone is not new, and it is not unlocked, it is an AT&T; phone (identified with the AT&T; logo on the phone surface and with AT&T; apps installed on the phone).The seller sold me a locked and used phone (previous wi-fi networks were saved, for example) and the page said it was a new and unlocked phone.Obviously a fraud.Also, the phone came without earplugs (which is the regular equipment) and with a generic charger, not the Nokia one.I know that for a fact, because my husband bought a similar phone from another vendor a month before, and he did not have all these issues.I wonder if i have to send the IMEI number to the FBI just to check if the phone is stolen or not...

After using iPhone 4s for a year I changed to this Lumia 920 and I am sure that there is no way going back to Iphone series unless they do something completely different with their iOS. Using this WP8 is so smooth and every Office product (Excel, WOrd, PowerPoint etc.) works great. 5/5 stars for this!

Everything is awesome, phone is great, you have everything on it, so you can't be unsatisfied.  It's little bit heavy, but it' perfect

I have had this phone for 5 days now and am thrilled. I ordered it from AT&T; though. It is a beautiful phone with all the features that I need. The phone is fast and elegant. I have heard people complain about lack of apps for Windows 8, but I did not find that to be true. It has all the necessary apps that I can use. Nokia has produced a beautiful equipment.The camera is amazing, call quality great and the wireless connection to internet is fast.  GPS is great. It even warns when you exceed speed limit.Nokia maps is very good.The screen quality is outstanding and very responsive.Number of voice commands need to increase though. Hopefully by next update, it will have voice commands to set alarms, appointments etc. I could not find a way to 'Cut and Paste' ( It has 'Copy and Paste').

I purchased this phone because I was under the impression that it supported the 4G bands necessary to run on T-mobile with data.I received the phone and set up the T-mobile Sim along with the phones set up. So far so good everything working and it was fast!Then after everything was set up I decided to download apps and update the phone, I then enabled WIFI to speed up the process. After the updates and downloads I turned off WIFI to test the speed of the network. Now with my old phone I get 4G speeds &#34;not LTE&#34; at my house so I was expected the same speed or better. Then I saw in the top left corner it was full bars with a little G next to it which made me exited because I thought the G meant 3g or 4g. But it turns out that G means the step down from Edge. So when I tried using the browser my phone just sat there and gave up before it loaded even Google. And after some more research I found out that the data would only work on T-mobiles &#34;reformed&#34; networks which are only available in 49 cities.But, for my experience with the phone.Pro- Nice size, has some heft to it, it doesn't have that cheep feel to it, The screen size is not to small perfect if you have trouble with seeing the small screen of an IPhone. It's also fast the UI (User Interface) works well. Call quality is superb and the speakers are loud, but they are loud enough to hear if it's sitting on a table in front of you. And the camera is what you expect very good with the duel flash.Cons- The lock button is in a awkward place between the camera and volume rocker, you will find your self changing the volume long before you unlock the phone. If you like having a lot of information at a glace while the device is still locked you will be a little disappointed by the customization. Also if you like having a lot of live tiles at the top for you to see you will run into a problem that you can only fit around 4-5 live tiles with out making them tiny before you have to scroll to see the information. Also a side note, when it's charging and you use the phone the battery gets really hot.Other than a couple little complains the phone seems good, but i only could look at it use it a couple times before I decided I wanted to use data on my smart phone. If it worked with my provider I would have kept the phone and strongly recommend this phone to people who want a phone that works well and doesn't have the distractions of messing with every setting in the world before it works perfectly.

The phone came in perfect condition as detailed however i didnt get a sim key for it so i had to buy one but other than that it works perfectly

I've owned iPhones and Android Galaxy phones in the past, and I bought the Lumia 920 WP8 phone largely out of curiosity.  THe hardware is excellent, and the OS is surprisingly good.  All the standard functions work very well.  The UI is pleasant, the built-in applications are smooth, fast, intuitive, and integrated.  I like the OS better than Android, and I like the hardware better than iPhone.  Only weak link is the App Store -- most apps I need/want/use are available, but there are fewer free name-brand apps, for now.

I did considerable research before selecting this phone.  I am pleased with it, though there are some things I would like to change.  I don't know of any perfect phones.  One thing that is kind of frustrating is that I have been unable to get it to work with Netflix.  I use only three functions routinely - text, phone, and camera.  All work very well.

I have an I-phone 4s. Compare to the Nokia Lumia 920,the I-phone 4s is garbage. The Nokia 920 is faster, the display is much much better, the battery performance is better, and the camera is out of this world. So what else is to be said about it. Great job Nokia. At first, I was concerned about the weigh of the phone, but it was nothing. The phone is perfect the way it is. It feel great in my hand. So far, I have no complain about the phone and the only thing I regret is not buying sooner. Lets see what happen in the future.

This a very high quality phone with great reception and Windows is a very good operating system overall Plus Plus Plus!

I saw this phone and was attracted with the smooth finish.but when I bought it,Screen cracked from fall in my first month. Yes after all the videos,screen can still break. and was not even being used it as a "Hammer".Phone was was with Rogers Contract and they don't cover physical damage. So I had to live with it.But after a month, The Phone started developing OS problems.Call disconnect, frozen screen,mic problem and I gave it my carrier(Rogers) and they send it to Nokia for repairs.After a month I received my phone but now It was not even booting up.It was a brick phone.On Contacting Nokia excused" There is a physical damage so we cant do anything". So finally, I was handed a bricked phone with a excuse that there was a crack on the screen. When on the first hand it happened at their facility. Now it is just lying in my drawer.Pros,1. Smooth Finish2. Camera3. Navigation(GPS)Cons1. Everything else.2. Awfully Poor customer service3. No app ecosystem.4. False claims of build durability.

I used to have a Nokia Lumia 900 and didn't mind that it was only a generation behind in Windows Phone (WP) OS's. But when I saw a review for the upcoming WP8.1, I really wanted to upgrade.So I went with this phone, the Nokia Lumia 920. It's definitely an upgrade from its predecessor, and in more ways than just the OS. The screen is really sleek and juts out instead of being framed by the casing (like in the case of the 900). This makes it easier to interact with the edges of apps that take up the entire screen. Also, I love the processing speed and graphics quality; games look pretty good and perform well on this phone.The fact that it runs on WP8 instead of the 900's WP7.5 is great. I didn't know how much I was missing until I started using the 920. There are so many more apps and customizable settings on WP8, making it really, really feel that WP is catching up to Android and iOS.The camera is pretty beast too. It takes clearer pictures than the one on the 900's, and the post-picture-taking zoom (I don't know the correct term, sorry) is definitely a lot better. The Nokia Camera app is really nice; I can feel like a picture-taking pro when I use it hahaha.All in all, I really like this phone. And WP8.1 will only make the phone so much better!

It is unlocked. And it doesn't have AT&T sign. The phone is really beautiful and it's better than my old iPhone 4.

Finally able to get my dream phone, and it works quiet well, the pics i took a amazing, not mentioned the how high definition of the screen and other numerous features. the only downside right now is i could not find Skype app.overall i am very satisfied with this phone!

Just bought this phone coming from a iphone4.  Fast, functional and flawless.  Got the free wireless charging plate.I could be wordy but you have to have it in your hand to appreciate it.  Just AMAZING.

This is a really great phone, I bought it for a gift to my girlfriend and she loves it, easy to use smooth and pretty nice...

After 3 generations of iPhones I got bored.  I had a nostalgia for Nokia from back in the day and the new Windows platform was &#34;new&#34;.  I liked the larger screen but didn't like the added weight and size.  The camera looked like it took better night time photos but they were often over processed and the shutter speeds were more delayed.  The battery life was all over the map, I had to change a lot of settings to get it to last a day.  Email notifications were delayed, there were no push settings.  The phone would brick during updates and require a reset.  Overall the software was glitchy and slow.

I liked the phone, is spectacular but I liked that did not bring headphones because that is very important and brings the symbol of AT & T. .. The only thing that brings the box is the charger and the phone... Strange really is much headphones.

a very solid phone that gives one all he/she wants in a smart phone..again nokia show why they build the best phones in  the world...i love my nokia and highly recommend it folkes

I've had two Lumia 900s, both suffered drops that cracked the screen (though they also made it safely through quite a few drops, I am a klutz).  So I decided to get the 920, and I am thrilled with it.  It comes in some gorgeous colors (bright yellow!), and it has such a beautiful and sleek form factor that I'm loathe to put it in a case (hence my blue Lumia 900's vulnerability to drops). It gets excited looks and questions wherever I go.  Last week I took it out during a meeting with about 15 of our marketing folks (predominantly young guys), and it ended up getting passed around the room with lots of positive chatter - until the conversation turned to apps.  I agree, it has most of the apps I want, but not all of the ones that I used consistently on my iPhone, and that has been the downfall of Nokia phones in recent history.The marketing campaign for the 900 was all about how everyone had been a smartphone beta tester, and this was the real deal. Followed closely by a software glitch bad enough that Nokia then gave a credit to everyone who bought a subsidized phone that made the phone FREE. There are still some problems with the Lumia line. This Lumia has had some rebooting issues, the battery life is still not great (you are running on vapors by the end of every day), and it's hefty. It fits in a pocket, but you really feel it, especially if you sit down.  All in all, however, I do love this phone and I love having something that not everyone else has.PROS*Form Factor: it's different, and gorgeous, and a conversation starter.  People want it, or want to try it.*Camera: It has a great 8.7 megapixel camera with optical image stabilization (Carl Zeiss, as always with Nokia) and takes good images even inside my house even with curtains drawn.  Sharp.*Screen: 4.5 inch screen with gorilla glass, stunningly sharp 1280 x 760 resolution and blur reduction.  It is also impressively sensitive.  Nokia is based in Finland, and they have 10 months of cold. Nokia engineers have been very motivated to make a phone that can be used while wearing gloves.*Operating System: The Windows operating system features bold, bright colors, animated images, and a very intuitive and easy interface.  I try to restrict my conversations with friends because inevitably people ask to play with the pretty interface and seem to have no qualms about opening my personal email, work email, and texts. I'm still not sure how much I like it that this phone is so attractive and attracting that it makes people forget boundaries.*Responsiveness: Superb. It has a dual-core processor, but it's optimized to run smoothly on slower chips. 60 fps screen refresh rate. It's zippy in most everything you do. 4G/LTE supported.*Maps: best in the business, and Nokia Drive is awesome. I used the 920 when I was in Chicago and it got me where I wanted to go via buses (I know, I'm cheap) every day with no issues (bus times, stop locations, etc).*Some sweet extras: wireless charging and near field communication. And they finally give you a way to resize your tiles, a lack that annoyed me with the 900. Also interfaces with my Xbox 360. I still can't set up my TV programs to record (via my cable provider) like I could with my iPhone however.*Sound: one of the things that seems improved - music quality is not bad if I forget my headphones and I can carry on business calls via speaker.*Price: a LOT cheaper than an iPhone.CONS*Size: heavy, big in your pocket and just slightly too big to be comfortable in your hand.*Battery: Yes, it's a jaw-droppingly beautiful display, but a little shorter battery life is the result.*Operating System: Still some glitches. Nokia did spit out the Lumia line pretty quickly after the partnership with Microsoft was inked, and they are still on an aggressive timeline.  The company is in trouble, and clearly is trying to strike the balance between getting this phone into people's hands while still maintaining quality.*My plea to Nokia: I want to see the time/date and notifications without activating the phone. I loved the N9 for that.  Please bring that functionality to Lumia.

I received Nokia Lumia 920 in absoultely brand new condition. Initially, It was in french language though, but I was able to change the language from the settings after a while. The camera quality is great, performace is smooth and fast. it's a bit heavy though comapred to other smartphones. But, that's fine. I got it at very good price as well. Loved it!

U CAN BUY THIS PHONE ON ATT NEW FOR 399.00 . I DONT THINK THE PEOPLE ON HERE REALLY RESEARCH BEFORE THEY POST PRICES OH HERE

My switch from apple to windows:  Let me just say I have never really been a fan of the iPhone. It's just not my personal preference. I know there are plenty of people that like it, but not me...I was worried though switching from my iPhone to something where my app options were going to be completely foreign. Even if I love windows 8 for my desktop - I was hesitant about going to windows 8 mobile. I'm SO GLAD I made the change.Also, here is a novel idea. When I plug this thing into my computer via usb - guess what happens.....I CAN VIEW MY FILES AND MUSIC. I never wanted to resort to jailbreaking my iPhone because it permanently damaged my boyfriend's phone, and another friend we have had a heck of a time with his jailbreak. While this may be a problem that is generally few and far between - being as I was running my phone on a prepaid network and already had issues with that, I didn't want to jailbreak the phone. I shouldn't have to jailbreak a phone that is meant to play music in order to complete the generally simple task of loading music on the dang thing.The actual physical phone: I love the slim & sleek design, the very easy to use touch screen, the sensitivity adjustments for the touch screen, and the overall quality and feel. The screen size is perfect for my use. I was considering getting a tablet before I had this phone, and while this isn't exactly tablet-sized...I may actually skip the tablet for the time being.

Nokia Lumia 920 Smartphone - Unlocked - White chosen because it is a great phone, I really like the design in addition to its operating system, the price of the product about its technology and the purchasing process was very good and as further agreed I like the more commitment and responsibility of the seller, would recommend to friends, thanks for the service

Great hardware- tough, durable, great camera and sit firm in your palm. I consider this phone very functional in my day to day regime. If you're crazy about apps/phone customization, i would suggest going a different route. I do have a few concerns about the phone. There is dust and occasional moisture in the front camera area. The windows platform on the lumia has limited screen rotation and poor call log management.

I've used Android, BlackBerry and iPhone but nothing compares to the Lumina 920. Sleek, easy to use, crisp screen and responsive (LTE).

I had this phone for 2 days, but had explored most of it's features in 2 ours. It's very easy to use - but that also means you cannot customize much. I am so disappointed as I was really hoping I'd love this phone.The speech to text function is much less than on a newer android phone. MS cuts you off quickly and only works in a few places. I really wanted a good text to speech phone. I have carpel tunnel and need a good speech to test function.It's HEAVY - if you have carpel tunnel forget it. this phone made my hands ache (I've had CTS)The virtual keyboard is harder to use - shorter and does not go from edge to edge of the screen. You lose almost a half inch and that really makes a difference in the size of the keys.Check out the weight of the Nokia 920 before you buy it - check out what your current phone weighs and then check out the Nokia at almost 7 ounces. Those extra ounces really add up after a few hours. On the other hand, it is durable and you could KO someone with it.I expected it to be just like Windows 8 for the desktop - but there are huge differences. Perhaps it's not a big deal to most people but MS was advertising a whole new common look and feel to it's phone, tablet and desktop. I have had the desktop for over a month and returned to Win7. But, I was hoping the phone would convert me back to the Windows 8 desktop, sadly it was not to be ...So, I returned it and got a new Galaxy Note 2 android. It's far above the Nokia phone at least for me.

I recently bought the Nokia 920 to replace my aging iPhone 3GS, which still works, but seems very slow at opening some of the important apps I use everyday.  While I am very impressed by the Nokia, and even found myself liking live tiles, I am returning the phone, because the apps that I need are either not there or not fully functional.I use office apps a great deal and rely on task/calendar apps, and spreadsheets to run my business, as well as Point of Sale apps, and database apps.  I knew that the Point of Sale, and database apps weren't available, but since I have an iPad with those apps I thought I could operate just fine with Microsoft's suite of office apps for WP8.  Unfortunately, I was disappointed to find out that excel is very bare bones and skydrive is buggy. There is very limited capabilities in the WP8 version of excel, and some don't work well, like freeze panes.  Try working with a spreadsheet on a mobile device, and you know that freeze panes is necessary.  Yeah, it works on excel, but you have to reset it every time you open up the same spreadsheet.Also, there are very few formatting options for cells, rows, and columns. By comparison, Apple's Numbers is well designed for use on a smartphone, with lots of formatting options. Freeze panes works with Numbers, and most importantly iCloud has been flawless, for me, anyway, at syncing my spreadsheets without issue.  On the other hand, when I opened up spreadsheets from skydrive that I had edited on my Nokia, in excel, not only was the formatting changed, rows were actually missing.  I figured of all companies Microsoft would have office perfected on WP8, especially with how far behind they are in the smartphone world, but alas, they provided a only a toy-like version.  It's too bad, and I don't have 12-18 months to wait for them to improve it.Sorry Nokia, I really wanted to help. You made a terrific phone, that I could use in Wisconsin's cold winter weather with my gloves on, and it's nearly bullet proof.  However, I need basic office functions to work well, and Microsoft didn't do it's job on that part.

The first day I received the phone,I noticed I wasn't able to use the letters w,s,&,z.it  also imo takes too long for the. Battery to charge. You have to leave it on charge for hrs alls in all it just may be a refurbished phones with apparent issues

What a wonderful phone!! It has wonderful battery life, great apps (which is a relief, I wasn't too sure the windows marketplace would have everything I need), the interface is wonderful and I love all the nokia apps that come with it. I highly recommend this product if you are looking for a great smartphone.

The Lumia phone is great. It has a terrific screen and it is easy intuitive. Microsoft fails again. The phone will not sync to my computer using the Windows phone desktop app with a PC running Windows 8. I contacted technical support and the technician was not any help at all. Suggested only strategies that were posted on the Internet and then suggested contacting the Windows 8 support site.Microsoft just released an update for Windows phone desktop software that did not resolve the problem. This is a joke. Apple has Itunes that will sync the Iphone using Windows and Microsft cannot develop decent software to sync the Windows phone with Windows software. It is pathetic.

I used to have a Nokia Lumia 900 and wanted to share some experiences between the two devices:pro:-camera and video is much better and the OIS works for video extremely well-SIM tray is not as flimsy-display being flush is a nicer feel-microUSB port has a trim which makes it more robust - my 900 got damaged from the cable after wear-camera bezel doesn't scratch after one daycon:-no built in radio in WP8 software-is heavier/chunkieroverall, I wouldn't say the 0.2" display increase is much larger, but with the home screen in WP8, does feel much more spacious.

two out of 3 phones i purchased has already stopped working and its been only 4 months and they will not help.

I have had this phone for a week now and love it. I loved my iPhone when I  first got it, though found that it had many controlling issues, iTunes is your gateway. There are some pluses to iTunes, they have a larger selection of songs, and other media. I had a lager amount invested in songs and apps so when I got the 920 I was happy to find out that when I plugged. In my phone and download the phone syncing app from Microsoft  that part of it was to pull all of my iTunes music over on to my new phone, my photos also where synced from iTunes. The only items that I was not able to get out of iTunes where my tv episodes and movies. I do not know if this is because I loaded them to iTunes from digital copies and did not buy them directly from iTunes or that all video media will not transfer. I now can go to the office or there computer and play the music from my phone over the computer with out any other software loaded other then a music player. I also am able to load any file onto my phone wth out their part apps, or the use of an iTunes type syncing software. I did not like that even though I may have had a file saved to my computer through itunes I  could not open it on my computer. I had to go to my phone and then e-mail that file to myself even though it was already on my computer in I iTunes just not available. I can go from computer to phone one file at a time or many to one all at once. With iTunes is all or nothing when syncing. I also like that mote websites work so that I. Do not have to download, buy an app just so that the webpage will work on the phone. Windows app store does need more apps, but when your web pages work in the first place then why do you need so many apps?The phone it self has been great love the screen,looks great, feels good and does not seem to get as many fingerprints on it. The phone is fast have not had it crash once yet. I like that it update with my windows 8 PC so that changes that I have made to my phone also show up on my computer. Sound has been great. Battery. Life is good, though that is one thing we could always use more of. I have found that I need to charge it a little sooner then my iPhone, although I am also using it more than my iPhone. For the price it is a great. Phone 5.

It start working in three months. Amazon should test the unit before resale.

I got my unit from 'Wireless experts'. The unit was brand new, apparently from a stock that was supposed to go to Saudi Arabia and work with 'Mobily'. Setting the phone to English was not very difficult, even if the initial screens were in Arabic, and must be fool proof because eventually I ended in a screen where you can pick the right language. WP 8 is great, the music app. plays most (I believe) of my 80 GB music library wirelessly -like a Surface RT Tablet, and the OneNote app. is faster and better than before. You can download some Nokia apps and updates (amber software) what will  give much more control on the camera.The phone itself is very clean, a little bit on the heavy side, and the OS very fluid, typical Windows Phone. For ~$300 it is a very reasonable unit and sure is much faster than my aging Samsung Omnia 7, which with WP 7.8 appers a little bit sluggish.

This is not a good mobile phone, I'm 6/18/13 buy mobile phone, is now the only 8/12/13. yesterday in the video process is suddenly interrupted, the screen is only a faint glow. But it can not be used, this is my second time to buy the mobile phone in the Amazon. The first to buy a mobile phone is in the 6/10/13 date, I gave it to my brother. Is a very bad.Their mobile phone are rubbish? I have checked the chance of no return. Return in 30 days, now only use no more than 3 months, the two mobile phone have been unable to use, I also have sought to write position, but did not find, I really do not know how to ask for help, they are also my disappointment.Amazon Co should let the factory have quality assurance, this is no reputable manufacturers, use only could no longer use no more than three months, can not boot

This phone is amazing. I am a former iphone and a droid user. The Nokia lumia 920 has all the features and apps I could need in a smartphone. The simplicity and design is beautiful. It feels solid. The camera is incredible and the picture quality is far beyond my expectations. Battery life for me, a facebook and twitter addict is 3 days on one charge. Its the best smartphone I ever owned.

Did not come with a warranty. Although said to be new the packaging suggested otherwise.i am not sure if this was the case with this set but it didn't hold the charge for 2 hours even though no data or call made. Just took some pictures.Returned it. Amazon service and policy the best. No hassle ,peace of mind buying from Amazon.

I have an iPhone 4S that I'm migrating from.To keep the review short, I will simply say, it's an awesome device, with a few issues:1) Poor daylight/distance focus.  This is a known issue and rumored to be firmware/software related with a fix in the who knows how distant future.  If you were expecting the best camera phone ever, you still might have it, but with a possibly fixable defect.  (Low light shots ARE amazing for a phone.)2) The video color shifts too dramatically when in motion.  Very annoying.  Should fix the white balance and keep it.  I think the video could be better for what they are boasting.3) Battery life complaints abound, but that's pretty normal for new smart phones as people turn on everything they have and expect it to last.  Normal use with everything pretty much off except cellular/LTE will get you about 24 hours.  The battery saver feature is very cool and makes sense.4) Lock-ups and lock-outs have been reported.  I had a 3-5 minute lock out that had me ready to bring it back to the store, but then it came on.5) Other bugs... I had more than once a bug where the camera would green screen and not return to normal no matter what I did outside of rebooting.Check out Christina Warren's report on mashable called "Living with Lumia".Very informative if you really want the real scoop without buying.

I have had this phone for 2 weeks and just decided I will keep it. In the beginning when I went to ATT, the thought of trying out window phone sparked in me. For the first few days I did want to come back in exchange for Android b/c:1. The lacks in apps. I was so used to real google supported apps (google voice, google email,ect) that it was tough for me to try other substitute apps. Mint and dropbox app are not available on Window Phone neither. There is substitute apps for dropbox but I dont feel satisfied with them.2. When I checked email which has pdf files that contain passwords, with droid I was able to input the passwords and read the pdf files right away. Window Phone Pdf reader does not have that, it would response as: unable to open file.3. Most of the time I am not able to copy words from website/ email/ kindle mobile... (in case I wanted to copy the exact phone number/person's name (author)/ name of the book)... so i had to try to memorize, find paper and pen to write those words down before I could 'paste' them on my phone for something else.4. This is for the phone. The camera was announced as 8.7MP. From my experience, 8.7MP does not often give you 1.2-2mb picture files. Moreover, the pictures I took often seem only as sharp (maximum) as a 5MP camera. I sat there and tried really hard to get the camera work right (screamed out loud: "I dont know how to use my camera").I must say this phone is a great phone:1. Very fast. I have not had crashes.2. The phone gives great quality from taking HD videos. The lens adjusts itself.3. The 'Corning Gorilla Glass 2 and poly-carbonate body' does make phone heavier, but when you hold the phone, it makes you feels it is a very solid/strong piece of equipment... not easy to break...4. The are not much fingerprints on the screen...5. The sound system is wonderful...6. Pictures taken in dark are great.7. I love Nokia GPS. However, I wish it had 'walking' direction. When you are in a big city which is safer to walking to locations, walking direction is very useful. Moreover, with droid GPS, i was able to do walking direction in big campus from one building to another. I wish Nokia GPS had that =(.

The Lumia 920 itself is nice.  Feels perfect, not overweight for me.But it is an AT&T; locked phone, not unlocked as advertised.  And surprisingly, the package came with no charger!  Come on, cell phone with no charger?Got it returned immediately.  The seller is terrible based on my experience.  BTW, it was supposed to be a gift and I got one-day delayed even I put 20 bucks for shipping.

The Nokia Lumia 920 is still one of the best phone out there. And for this price it is a must buy.

it works goods. thanks .  just need to contact at&t to get unlocked number before using it , after that , everything is fine.

"I dont hate it. Im just worried right now coz i read some of the reviews and some said that it is still locked and some said that there are some minor scratches and incomplete accessories. Hope ill get the perfect one with complete accessories like totally brand new. Ill just update this review if i got it..." -my partial reviewSince i got it, im happy because it seems like a brand new like no scratches or something else. But the only accessories that was there are the charger and the pin for the sim card...i had lumia 800 before, a cyan one, and it comes with its blue silicon case, original charger and manual and warranty card and the box. But this 920 that i got from Ross Cellular came from at&t; and thats the reason why it seems like you only bought the phone alone without any accessories...it's kinda disappointing but it's ok since the phone is working well and it is unlocked. But unfortunately, im living in a county and im using metropcs, the signal that i get is only LTE and i cant use it. But ill update this review again after ill try it with different sim card from different network.

It's disingenuous not unlocked that he closed on the at & t.And forcing you to pay $ 50 unlocked networkBad product and deceitful

The phone is the perfect size. Processor is fast,  seamless usability. User interface friendly and uncomplicated. Great as a everyday phone.

feature rich and solid build. Good sounding speaker as I know from Nokia phones.The camera is really good for dark light shootings.Only negative: it is a bit slippery for holding in the hand.

The Nokia Lumia 920 is an excellent phone, but there were a few problems along the way. Let me explain...I purchased a glossy red Nokia 920 on November 9th (Launch Day) at the local ATT store. Personally, I wanted to give the yellow version a try, but the store only had the red, black, white, and gray versions available. So, I paid $450 for the red phone "off-contract" and also received the wirelesss charging device (black) at no charge. When I decided to buy the Nokia, I was upgrading from my trusty HTC TITAN (AWESOME phone, btw!) and wanted to experience Microsoft's new mobile operating system. Windows Phone 8 is a fast and stable OS, which offers some enhancements not available on earlier models. Setting up my phone was extremely easy and you are offered very clear instructions on the device. Most of the AT&T; employees I met are not very savvy on Windows Phone devices, so I made sure I was the one setting up the device at the store. Upon entering my Windows Live info, I was pleasantly surprised to find that all my contacts transferred extremely fast (took less than a minute to transfer). Apps and media, however, required more time. By the way, the excellent Zune software used on Windows Phone 7.5 devices is incompatible with this phone. However, if you have Windows 7 on your PC, you can use Windows Explorer to transfer media files. If you have Windows 8 or a Mac, there's an app for transferring media to your phone. Also, there are some WP 7.5 apps which are not compatible with Windows Phone 8. For example, the Xbox LIVE game called "The Harvest" is currently incompatible and won't even show up in a Marketplace search when you use the Nokia 920. Update (2/16/13): Some apps are already being ported over to WP8, so it will take some time for this to happen.After about a day of using the Nokia Lumia 920, I noticed the battery discharged to 50% in two hours. I wasn't using it that much during those two hours, but when I was on YouTube, the Lumia's case got extremely hot. This led me to believe that there was a problem with the battery, because my HTC TITAN never had that type of problem. Anyway, I returned it to the ATT store and replaced it with a glossy white version. Now, my new Nokia Lumia 920 works fine and doesn't have any of the battery problems found on the red one I returned. Aside from the battery issue on my first phone, I really like the Lumia 920!Pros:- Nice high resolution screen w/ Gorilla Glass- Solid and beautiful case- Outstanding still camera and video records at 1080p- Camera can be upgraded, using software "lenses". These enhancements bring additional features to the device!- Dedicated camera button- Great Nokia apps- Great Marketplace layout- Quality WP apps (Check out "MetroTube")- Good sound- 32GB memory- NFC compliant- Xbox LIVE games- Drag and drop media onto phone- Wireless charging is built-in (requires special charger)- Full PC/Mac compatibility- The SkyDrive app allows fantastic integration with your cloud filesCons:- No expandable memory! That is probably my biggest gripe about this phone.- Can't transfer or purchase Zune videos to the phone (at least, I couldn't)- Heavy (but its a solid device)- No custom alert or notification sounds (custom ringtones and alarms only)- Marketplace still missing some major apps found on other platforms- Wish it had a 4.7" screen or larger, like my HTC TITAN (I do notice the difference in screen size)- No longer uses the Zune softwareOverall, I'm happy with the phone and have no regrets. I would certainly recommend this device to anyone looking for a Windows Phone device or a just a great smartphone.UPDATE - 2/6/13: I was asked if a data plan is required to use this phone. Well, the answer is yes and no. Yes, if you plan on using it on the carrier's cellular network. AT&T;, for example, will receive notification that you are using a smartphone to make calls and will charge you for data usage. On the other hand, if you don't intend to use it as a cellular phone and don't access the 3G/4G networks, you can use it as an Internet device. In other words, you can use Skype to make phone calls over wi-fi, continue to download and use apps, take pictures and video, and surf the Internet over wi-fi. I used to do that with my old HTC Titan (Windows Phone 7.5) without any problems.Bottom-line: Highly recommend this phone for someone who wants a powerful, "does-all" device! If you are tied deeply to iOS and/or Android and can't handle change, the transition might not be so great. However, five solid stars for this device!!

This phone is awesome! A lot better than Windows Phone 7, Microsoft has done a lot of improvements in Windows Phone 8. It is butter smooth and the screen is amazing. The store is exploding with new apps, a lot more interested developers out there since it shares the same core with Windows 8. Nokia itself contributed to a lot of quality apps. There is Nokia's own guided GPS app, free music, movie trailers, and a lot more!The OS and the phone gets 5 stars!The only reason I gave it one less is for its bulkiness. But for all the other goodness inside of it - it's well worth it. AND you can use it for self defense! LOLWhat is also amazing is how is it being sold for $600+!? This is clearly a rip off. Go to att website and buy it without contract for $449. It's the same phone, locked to AT&T; for the next 6 months, there is nothing different about it.The price from private sellers get 1 star! Shame!

Excellent product. Really amazing what it can do. A very good buy any day any time. I am simply impress by the performance and battery life

I just bought it for my husband as X'mas gift. The battery went bad after a month. It's fully charged, then turned to 50% as soon as I unplugged it from the charger.

Be smart people! Why would you pay this much for a LOCKED phone? Just go to your local AT&T store and buy one for $449 (That's The REAL Price). And dont be worried you dont have to get a 2 year plan or anything, just ask for the phone. VERY SIMPLE. You may also get a FREE charging pad with your purchase, Im not a 100% sure though, I know if you get a 2 year plan you do. OR, if you dont want to leave the comfort and safety of your domicle...JUST ORDER IT from At&t's website or call them at their Toll Free number. Its Christmas time, and every penny counts....dont be taken advantage of by greedy opportunists.

The only reason I bought that phone is Nokia.I had four Nokias in the past and was always happy with them.I must say that I think the best phone OS out there is android.I dislike iPhones OS, interface, non customization and design failures (maybe on their 20th phone it would be fixed).The 920 right now has the best camera, best screen and best build quality.The 920's screen is unbreakable. I dropped it countless times and it won't have one scratch on it (unlike iPhone's common shuttered screen).The battery life is more than decent. With moderate use lasts for a whole day.It has the best camera I've ever seen on a phone.Having a galaxy s2 in the past does cloud the windows OS a bit. Much less apps, no status bar, notifications don't work properly, no customization.The main reason I'm not completely happy with my 920 is that Nokia made it too similar to apple's iPhone. No extended storage, no removable battery, very simple interface.I'm more than advanced user and these are some of the things I'm looking to find in a phone.I bought Nokia only because i wasn't happy with Samsung build quality and battery life.The 920 with and an android OS would be the perfect phone for me.

It's great the camera is beautiful is good design windows phone 8 is very practical my only complaint is that as is the European version does not come in the Spanish language and can not be placed but rest is excellent!

- Screen has perfect size and brightness - good view even in direct sunlight of the most sunny days- Almost indestructible - and yes, I needed that :) Search for it at youtube and you will see the kind of "read-life" resistance tests that this phone passes...- Best camera - same quality of a good point and shoot; image stabilization allows for good photos without flash- 32Gb storage is more than enough to store music and lots of photos. Combine it with skydrive and you won't need more.- Dual-core proc and LTE makes it FAST - loads Skype and Facebook almost immediately. Multi-task is also very smart.. it doesn't matter how many apps you have opened - I never noticed any loss in performance!- Wireless charging was a big surprise. It works and it is FAST! It was not a need, but I have to admit - it is very convenient.- Windows Phone 8 interfaceCons:- Like majority of phones it is not water proof... this would be a nice add to make it really indestructible.- Every time I compare it with the new HTC the 920 seems too big and heavy... I just don't believe how HTC could make it! But I preferred to stay with Nokia due to exclusive apps, and wireless charging (and mainly Nokia brand that gave me more confidence of having good signal and voice quality - but this is brand perception, I have to hard data to support it)

Okay, I don't get it, how're you supposed to let people believe you this is a brand new device while your packaging looks like over 100 years old, worn out every corner, scratch could be found every place. I personally don't really care about those type of stuff, cuz even if you said this is a previously returned item, I would still buy it. But not everybody's like myself, so, please be aware that you're buying a returned product, definitely returned.. but, yeah, the actual device looks fine though!

Firstly, the Nokia Lumia 920 is the best phone that I have ever had/used, etc. and that is coming from an iphone user. It was time for a change when the iphone 5 underwhelmed and I am so happy to have considered Nokia, famous for making solid quality phones, with WP8.Secondly, I know of the argument for choosing the other ecosystems and my response is simple. The phone does everything I need it to do and with features that blow away apple and Sammy in terms of complete user experience. I don't want 1M apps and the good apps will come to WP8 if they are not already there.I didn't even mention value but once the phones are available with an AT&T; package then the price per feature is just what the value buyer might be looking for. I got 3 of them (white, red, yellow) for family and one for my business manager. And all are incredibly happy with the performance and beauty of the phone.Well done Nokia and thank you Amazon for selling them!

Love the phone! Stable, fast, More and more apps showing in store. Big fan of WP. Also great camera  .

This is by far the best phone that I have ever owned. It does everything I want in a smartphone and the innovative features such as Wireless Charging, NFC, Super Sensitive Touch Screen, Optical Image Stabilization and more make this phone something worth showing off.

I've been wanting this Windows phone since its release and have finally plop down the money for one.  First of all, the type:  Nokia Lumia 920 unlocked white International version (RM-821).  The biggest difference between international version RM-821 and AT&T;'s RM-820 is that AT&T;'s RM-820 is locked (need to get unlock code from AT&T;) and AT&T;'s version support AT&T;'s 4G network.  Since I use this with pay as you go on AT&T; network, I usually turn the data OFF unless I really need it (rare).  My RM-821 does see AT&T; 3G, AT&T; LTE 1 Lumia and AT&T; LTE 2 Lumia.  The biggest advantage of RM-821 over AT&T;'s branded version is ... whatever updates Nokia/Microsoft announces, you get immediately instead of waiting for AT&T; to get theirs.  eg. I got the GDR2/Amber update way before official AT&T; version get theirs.The phone itself:Beautiful.  The screen is bright, the back side is shiny, and it holds nicely in my hand.  32 GB of memory means I'm not fighting for space between my music, photos, videos and apps.  It's a bit heavy/big (according to my wife) but I love the weight and size (4.5") comparing to my previous (Nokia 710 : Windows Phone 7.8)  I was debating if I want to pay an extra $100 bucks for the 925 or $800 bucks for the unlocked 1020.  The 1020 looks awesome but $800 bucks unlocked (or $609 on AT&T;) is a bit steep.  925 looks nice but 16GB RAM is a deal breaker.  Most Amazon vendor sells Lumia 920 for about $350 - $360.  I've also thought about the 820, which has micro SD slot but with a lower end camera, display and 8GB RAM, the 920 is worthy of their price.The camera:This is one of the main reason I got this phone:  the PureView technology 8.7MP is awesome in low light!  Go try it at a retail store that has it on display and you'll know what I mean.  GDR2 update brings Nokia Pro Cam into the mix, allowing you to quickly mess with ISO, white balance, shutter speed, manual focus, and exposure compensation if you wish.  Love the slide to zoom option (even in video!).  The location of the camera is a bit too toward the middle since my finger sometimes gets in the way; I guess I just need to hold it the right way :pProcessor:Feels pretty snappy since it was the flag ship phone.  Lumia 925/928/1020 all uses the same processor.Wireless charging:I haven't had the chance to play with this so you'll have to read other people's review for that one.NFC:I was looking forward to this since most Android phones can share photos via NFC.  I've tried it with a Nexus 7 and no dice.  I looked online and noticed that Android's implementation is different than Windows 8 ... so the sharing of photos/video is only possible Nokia to Nokia and Android to Android.  You CAN, how ever share URLs and contacts (remember to do the share, choose tab+send)Maps:Offline maps is one of the reason I love this phone (Nokia in general) since you can download the map ahead of time and not worry about having data access to use the GPS option.Apps:Windows store may not have as many apps as iOS or Android, it has enough for me.  There are only so many apps one can consume before you see variations of an idea.  If it's a concern for you, go search the Windows Phone Store for apps before you buy a Windows phone.Sync:Yeah.  People complained about this online because Microsoft is moving away from Zune for Desktop.  To get your stuff synced between your PC and your phone, I use Zune to organize the music/video/photo/playlist and "Windows Phone app for Desktop" to do the syncing.  It's clumsy but it works for me.Update on Sync:  (10/18/2013)The playlist still messes up from time to time.  One thing that works is:  once you connect your phone, it's treated like a USB thumb drive device.  To muck with the play list (correctly):1. have "Windows Phone app for Desktop" sync the music you want2. use File browser to navigate to whatever-you-name-your-phone\Phone\Music\Playlist (you need to enable "Show Hidden files, folders, and drives" if you stay with Microsoft defaults)3.  right click on a playlist (something you need to create in Zune) and choose "Properties"4.  Click on the "References tab" and it will show you the songs in the playlist5.  To add songs, drag existing songs on your phone to the playlistOver all, it's a solid phone, I've grown to like Windows tiles and apps are on the increase.

I was happy with this phone for the TWO months it worked. Is simply froze and went dead (In did not fall etc)This is clearly a refurbished and defective product. Amazon should review this seller as they seem to be scammers.......what NEW phone stops working after 2 months? Going to recommend to all the people I know not to purchase ANY item sold by HassleFreeCell

The phone shot, Loved it it mi my Samsung picture lookn like foolishness, The pics are great, the phone overall is great my husband loved it, it was his christmas gift

NOKIA LUMIA 920 Drop test[...]NOKIA LUMIA 920 Video[...]I have used Iphone 4s then Galaxy S3; both of those were not too bad. However, there is always something unknown that made me feel in-completed  and unsatisfied using smartphones until I got Nokia Lumia 920. This phone can do much better my Canon Rebel II Ti on video recording, and it is very portable and convenient.  It also replaces the GPS navigation devices and actually does better job than them.The Nokia Lumia 920 has all the practical use, solid quality, excellent performance, and extreme durability.  Because NOKIA people wants to prove to the world that they are capable of produce the best phone to catch attention from consumers. That is why they try to put a lot of breakthrough technologies into one package. The NOKIA LUMIA 920 has many 1st in the world of smartphones. Here they are:1. The 1st optical image stabilization with Carl Zeiss optics/ low light camera in a smartphone2. The 1st super sensitive screen that can be used with glove in a smartphone3. The 1st 60 fps screen refresh rate in a smartphone4. The 1st wireless charging smartphone5. The 1st Virtual reality City Lens. Hardware: A-gps + GLONASS (Seven years ago NOKIA introduced the world's first smartphone with GPS and navigation. Now, Nokia Lumia 920 and Nokia Lumia 820 are introducing the first autonomously assisted GPS and GLONASS receivers)6. The 1st or one of the first 4G/ LTE supported ?7. Maybe the 1st smartphone that you can throw against a concrete wall, and it still works (b/c of its Corning Gorilla Glass 2 and poly-carbonate body).8. The clearest and loudest microphone/speaker of smartphones that I have been ever using.What else: Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic, rich audio recording, Dolby stereo sound, luxury hot design award, Wifi N-dual band, free NOKIA maps, drive, and apps to travel the world, free virtual reality location City Lens, free NOKIA music... more.This kind of phone don't come around very often (like NOKIA 808). Who knows perhaps in the next version, Nokia might not use some or all of the above technologies trying to make their phone much thinner and lighter.

This is deceiving. Phone is neither locked nor it looks absolutely new. It is locked with AT&T and seems like restocked or refurbished. Stay away.

I don't like Android system after use it for almost 4 years. And I think WP system combining with Nokia technology is a perfect design!

This is one of the best phones that I have used in a while. It has a nice weight to it that makes it feel very secure in my hands, which is a huge plus. I'm known for destroying my phones on concrete and legdes and stuff of that nature. I love the Windows Os system. It makes navigation extremely easy, just make sure that you download the "Here Drive +" app before you make any trips. I was going to a party, and didn't have it downloaded, and could not get directions. But the only thing I would have a problem with, would be the battery life. It's pretty short. One way to optimize the use of battery make sure everything is turned off, and put the battery save on. you'll get about 2 and a half days on stand by and about 10 using apps. Other than that, that's it. Overall AMAZING phone, I would recommend it to anyone looking to be different, or a change in Os systems.

It's beautiful, easy to use and so fast!. Microsoft do the best work with the OS and Nokia with the phone. Only two issues: First: At the time i received it in my country (Venezuela), four months later (thanks LibertyExpress), I need to Update the phone 5 times (3 updates for Windows Phone, two for Nokia - Lumia Amber and Black) to get the best experience. That was so easy. And second: It has the AT&T; logo, but it's okay, it's unlocked.Finally, I have a Smartphone that covers all my mobile needs. I have a powerful camera (Perhaps no more powerful than the Lumia 1020) and now I have a very good reason to celebrate, since I came back to buy one of the Nokia's best masterpieces.

I previously had a HTC EVO android phone, which I liked quite a bit. I bought the Lumia 920 over the weekend,,,and wow!! what a great phone! It has integrated apps and is much faster and easier to use than android. It's Nokia Maps can be used OFFLINE and are worth its weight in gold!! The Lumia 920 camera is by far the best smartphone camera on the market!!!
