
When I first received my iphone I was concerned it was not legit. It didn't have a booklet or anything with it... Just an apple box. It didn't even say &#34;5&#34; on it. But as time passed I came to find everything about this phone is absolutely legit. My charger that came with the phone was total garbage... It (from the beginning) 'This device is not compatible with your iphone... &#34; etc. I immediately emailed the seller, hoping for a charger replacement... Or a full refund since I was at the time still apprehensive I was a fake. Different people would email me different instructions on whether to return the phone and get a replacement but not a refund. Another person said I could get a refund. Then a day later the charger I received came apart and literally was inoperative, I decided to go to Fred Meyer down the street and purchase a heavy duty iphone 5 wall charger for $35. No more issues. Very happy now, and it charged waaay faster!

The phone was like brand new! I love it!

Not very good! A lie, do not be fooled! 5 of the apple is a locked, can not use other mobile phone card But the volume keys it is not working. The screen is a piece of dark. This is a nearly a year of broken mobile phone, many of the parts are defective. Why write unlock like new? This is a broken lock mobile phone ah, Amazon made me so disappointed and angry.

Great phone. Work perfectly here in Venezuela with all operator.  most iPhone Ever Made in the galaxy... Just buy one

DO NOT BUY!I received a STOLEN phone! Not only that but the seller failed to contact me after my package was &#34;damaged&#34; and arrived two weeks late because of this.It was a challenge to get information on where my package was. Then it gets here and it STOLEN!!!!The network will be shut down on such reported phone regardless of what you do.Plus, returning the item was extremely difficult and time consuming. Seller is not helpful or efficient.Steer clear of this seller.

I ordered this used phone and they said it was like new. It came the next day, same day I was returning a brand new phone. I opened the box and couldn't see any &#34;used&#34; to the phone! Excellent condition! No scratches anywhere! So happy with this purchase. Great buy, definitely reccomend buying from them when they say &#34;like new&#34;. My experience was great.

This is a beautiful phone. It's super fast, lightweight and a pleasure to have. I love the slim design, and the silver and white colors. The phone does not overheat which is also nice. The quality of the pictures is excellent from the phone's camera. The battery charges very fast which is helpful. I'm also very happy with AT&T; customer service they are wonderful. I purchased this phone from the apple store and have had no mechanical problems with the phone at all. It has been running smoothly for a long time.Unfortunately the reception is not good and most of the phone calls get disconnected. Eight out of ten calls get disconnected. I have to stand in one place and not move while using the phone so the call does not get dropped. This is very difficult to deal with when making important calls, and all calls are important.I also find the screen to be too small and the print is very small. I've been told there is no real way to make the print larger. The print being so small is a major reason why this will be my last iphone. I am interested in the larger screen options available on other smart phones. Overall this is a beautiful phone but there are some important issues that need improvement.

When I got the phone it was like new ,no issues on the item at all .Im very satisfied &#9786;&#65039;&#128129;&#128077;

BUY this phone, it is the best i phone yet. Faster, bigger and better.  Would recommend to everyone.  I bought this for a high school student and loves it.

100%satisfied!!

This phone sucks, the charger doesn't work, the phone dies way to fast and the batter is insufficient, the phone constantly needs to be charged and it switched my 4g to 3G

I received this as a gift and the phone itself is fine however there are a couple of glitches.For example, the apps on the home screen tends to shake a little sometimes but it is rarely.The packaging box was not its original and the USB charger is a fake.The one that I have received is not compatible with the iphone so I am having to go out and buy a new one from the Apple Store today after work.Other than that, I am pretty excited about having an iphone and so far, everything has been good.

My daughter likes this phone very much so far. It's the one she wanted and she is happy with it.

The phone had a problem with the sensor. I was not informed that the warranty for it with Apple had already ended! Apple wanted to charge me way too much money just to fix something so small, so I went to one of those electronics stores and the guy who fixed the sensor for me said that the reason it was like that was because the screen had been replaced and put back on the phone wrong (which affected the sensor). The description said the phone was new. From the sounds of it, this phone was NOT NEW since the screen had been replaced. The other thing was that the phone didn't come in those white boxes that the white iPhone's usually come in; it came in some black cardboard box.

I RECEIVED THE PHONE AND SEEN IT HAD SCRATCHES ON THE FRONT OF THE PHONE AND THE LOCK SCREEN DID NOT WORK! WASTE OF MONEY!

Excelent, mi producto llego en perfectas comdiciones y bastante contento con mi compra, recomiendo 100% a este vendedor 100% responsable

Very good seller, I recommend. Fast delivery all in time, the goods as described, everything is excellent. It is super! ! !

i love my new iphone! i used to have the 4 model but this one is far better!! i recommend it to everyone

it is a new one, no scratch no other problems~ my card is Red Pocket, I was wondering if I could use this phone for ATT, and  I sought advice from the local mini-Sim card seller, he says it is OK for att and red pocket. So I decided to buy one~~ Amazingly, the network is well, everthing else works perfect~  Importantly, the price is so reasonable and satisfying~ 5 Stars~ Thanks~

I can not use the this phone because it is currently linked to an Apple ID to its original owner.This phone is stolen or the original owner didn't remove the device from his account. PHONE IS USELESS!!!

I have waited my entire life for this IPhone 5 and to-date, I never received it. I contacted the Seller 5-6 times and She responded once . I still didn't received my iPhone5. I filed a claim with Amazon and is presently waiting for my money to be credited to my account!

The phone quality sucks, and it freezes sometimes. I am surprised, i did not expect this at all..from the description.

i did not get my packge  .im waiting it almost  1month .And  i dont  know how can i do.thats so sad

I loved the iphone 5 but unfortunately I have to unlock it, which is apparently upset that I did not come unlocked as I said in the description that was shown on amazon.

I dont believe in buy things onlinebut I do go to this site a lotbut they always change theprice. I dont' know whattheir trying to do to this siteeverything seem expensivenext thing is cheapI think this site is notwhat I can depend ongood luck finding the right thingnext thing bammb the price is highsee you-I'm not coming here again

the phone was described as unlocked  and it was locked had to pay money to unlock,this was very miss leading,never had a problem with amazon until I bought from this dealer,had to go to many stores before I could use this phone. not satisfied with this at all

It took forever to get to me but I finally got it!!!

I bought this phone as a AT&T phone but when I went to AT&T to get started I found out it was only works with t moble.. I needed phone so I just get a t moble pay as you go plan. But phone itself is working great so I'm happy with my purches !

There is nothing more special to it than the iphone 4s except a bigger screen. It is nice and does the job, and I love the convenience of Siri.

it s like new as described in the listingits a great item i like it and love this iphone

Made my sons Christmas. He had lost his and we had just upgraded. Fast & pleased with what we got.

It's awesome working and great service of Amazon . I am really satisfy

Abarron really was so truly helpful throughout all the purchase. Being I have gotten scammed before he/she let me know of what exactly was going on and guaranteed the phone is IN PERFECT CONDITION. And it is!! So very happy with my order and always communicated with me during the whole transaction. Wish they sold all the products I need. Even paid express shipping as I have mentioned to them I needed a phone asap. Didn't even want to have me reimburse them!! Such a great seller, will most definitely buy again! Thank You!!!!!!!!!!

The package was open when received it. No user manual. No screen peal front and back.Besides the fast prime shipping. Not a good product to buy.

There is no obvious flaut and the it functions well. Compared to its price, I think it is a good deal.

the iPhone is a great product, I had to replace mine that had been lifted by someone else, and purchased this used one..  I received the iPhone from my seller in just a few days after placing a regular order, and have had no issues.

The phone was described as like new. This was not the case! The phone had been dropped which dinged up the edge and must have cracked the screen because the phone was taken apart. I know this because when they put it back together the mixed up the screws and the final 2 screws next to the charging port are too long and stick out.

iPhone is the best product in the planet... I really love them !!!Don't buy other brands, buy Apple phones....

the phone was excellent brand new the case was weird inside the usual phone holder did not fit the charger did not work i need to get new ones but the i phone itself was what i expected.

My iphone 5 has met All of my expectations! Thank you for such an amazing product and transaction . Hope to buy from you again

the back of the 5 scratched very easily so much that i got a new back case and have a case

Not good the phone was advertised as carrier unlocked but it was notIm not happy not good noot good

It was such a great choice !!!!!!!!!I dropped my samsung galaxy phone and the glass was all broken,,, so I fixed it paying $99 but it was not fixed completely,so I had bubbles which made touch screen not sensitive to touch. I had to shake and press a few buttons to make the phone work again.After all I decided to find used phone to replace and I am so glad I went for that option.It took long time to decide which one to order but I am so glad I have chosen this seller !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The phone is completely new. I cannot find any sign of wear. Amazing!!!!!!!!!! SO HAPPY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I bought a "like new" iPhone 5 from Amazon Warehouse a month ago but now I wish I didn't. There are too many tiny scratches on the screen and the home button that make this phone look "used" and the earphone connector is full of dirt. In a word, it's extremely disappointing. Think twice before you buy it cuz you won't know what you'll get even if it's a "like new" one sold by Amazon Warehouse.

Best phone ever made. Functionality and design are impressive, iOS 6 is smooth and clean but I can't wait to upgrade it to iOS7,

love it so far and its cool fast good pic im happy it thanks its very good phone its good

The phone was great but the charger broke the next day and the headphones broke the next week! Love the iphone5

It's oky! But, I think it best to buy brand new next time. The charger stop working in one week. Best, to buy BRAND NEWS NEXT TIME.

I love this phone! It was such an easy transaction and was promptly shipped! It was brand new and works perfectly. Its so fast compared to my iphone 4. So glad I made the switch!  Thank you!

I love it the only thing I don't like is the little keyboard but other than that it is an awesome phone it is so light you can see more reviews on youtube I recommend it

Let me start by saying I love my iPhone! I had owned an iPhone 3GS, 4S and Galaxy S3 (the S3 is the worst). I always loved how iPhone's just worked, and I love the aesthetics of the phone. Its light, and the extra screen real estate is so helpful. The battery lasts almost all day with continuous use, and IOS 7 makes the battery last longer. The camera takes clearer pictures than my old 4S, and that is because of various improvements to the camera system. Also as a side note the LTE is blazing fast! Here is my list of the pro's and con's of the phone:Pro's-Battery-Screen-Camera-Call Quality-LTE-IOS 7Con's-Lightning-Phone scars easily-Headphone jack is at the bottom (kind of annoying coming from the old iPhone's that had the headphone jack on top...)

It was like new at it said in the description however it was not unlocked. I had to pay 60 usd

This phone is not unlooked, I has to pay 120$ more to unlooked the phone. The phone description no include this information
