
The phone didn't work I couldn't connect it because metro pcs is not selling then anymore that means that they are not making sim cards for it, and the phone didn't come with it I returned it 2 weeks ago and haven't get my refound back.

This was the best Android o/s phone I ever had. Unfortunately after I dropped it on the ground at a busy airport and it got run over, well it didn't do the job. Truly though, this has it all; Not to big, not to small, light weight, long lasting battery, and just about everything a great phone should have. The only thing missing is the chain I need around my neck so I don't drop it or leave it. As value goes, it beats iPhone 4 any version hands down. Highly recommending it.

Its hard to charge battery because when you plug in it does not charge had to buy a separate battery charger

I was a bit worried about the phone, but alas!I'm not worried now! WOW! I just placed my iPhone 5 on Ebay! That tells you have much better this phone really is and what value the $70 all inclusive/no limits MetroPCS plan is above the rest.Just being able to have an extra battery on hand for long days and out there, made this cell a cut above the iPhone 5!You won't be sorry!

I purchased a phone that I believed to be unlocked only to find out that it can be used with Metro PCS only, no other provider any where and whose serviceable network does not even reach my area. Some deal!!!Other companies offer much better phone services with a lot better prices for the same phone.My rating is definitely a zero for this item.

Acceptable speed and performance. Battery won't last whole day for continuous use. But it has more alternatives for extended use. Good phone not as expensive as the s4 5 etc.

I guess buying secondhand things online isn't safe cuz this is the second time I bought a used electronic online and it sucks!  The battery I was given was defective, it doesn't even last a full day! This is my mother who works a 9-5 does not use her phone while at work, while the phone stays in her purse! Before she gets off it's already time to charge her phone, my iphone that I brought brand new doesn't even give me that kinda trouble! So I do not understand how it dies, don't worry never again purchasing second hand electronics online!

What more needs to be said its probably the best phone on the most free network in the united states, having unlimited everything allows you to truly multitask web browsing and texting/ watching movies and what not, I also mention that this phone is quite capable hardware wise although its not as beefy as the international version this one still holds its own in the benchmarks so remember that when your gaming to your hearts content.If anything i would say you should look out for is to make sure you activate this phone correctly you may want to visit a metro pcs corporate store if you do not have a metro pcs corporate store then dial *228 and a operator will handle the rest just be certain that your 4g is working, you see unlike most phones and networks of the past LTE/CDMA carriers use ICCID cards to store carrier data specific to the radios of the network and the service and this card must be paired to the phone, it may work automatically for most but for some it will simply not work unless you troubleshoot it, don't fret just patiently call metropcs 888-863-8768 and they will be glad to help you and are available almost all day/night in most areas.Also be aware of your coverage areas if you do not have metropcs in your local area or in your state, buy the prepaid T-mobile version of this phone or simply buy this phone unlocked so you dont have to hassle with Manufacturers to get your phone unlocked for Multi Network use but if you really dont like metro but you bought this phone you should know that you can also switch it to US Cellular, Boost, Cricket, Sprint PCS, and Verizon however in some networks you will need your phone unlocked to access data/mms

It came fast and was just as described. I was in between this and the 4. Very happy with my choice save on the money and don't feel like I'm missing out on anything.

*Bought at Metro PCS store in my town for a cheaper price (after the one i bought of amazon was lost/not delivered)This phone is practically a replacement for the laptop, tablet,and old phone phone you lug around every day. It's compact size (compared to a tablet or laptop) is nice, plus it has a huge screen for nice crisp 4g 1080p streaming of Netflix movies (may use a lot of data on 1080p)They sell nice charger cases here tooVicTsing External Backup Battery Charger Case For Samsung Galaxy S III S3 i9300Planning on ordering it.It's very light, for some that may be a negative thing.Pros:*Really fast, the specs speak for themselves.*Multi-tasking is a breeze, managing web surfing, calling, and texting at the same time may be hard for some, but this will make it easier.*The factory battery life isn't that terrible (about a day with normal use and slight movie streaming) considering my old phone's life was about as long but with twice the battery (i had an extended battery on my old "Admire")*Charging is fairly fast (about an 1 1/2-2hrs from 2% to fully charged) using a kindle fire charger (it charges at a faster rate then most chargers, i think the output amps are higher, but i can't say for certain)*The screen is really nice*1080p on everything you do is a plus.*No jitters, takes up minimal battery life compared.Cons:*Price, but you get what you pay for, in a good way.*The weight? I'm not sure what else to put, this is one of the best products I've purchased. Usually I do a pros/cons list of all the electronics I buy, but I can't really find more cons.**** Will update my review after I have played with this phone for more than a few hours ******* Update ***Con: Front speaker is weak, speaker phone uses the back speaker as well as other things like movies and tv shows, that's probably why it comes with a pair of headphones.

Upgraded from a Samsung G2 to the G3. Switched from Sprint to Metro, so the savings over 6 months pays for the phone. The larger screen, elegant form factor, and additional functionality makes it totally worth the cost.

it works perfectly with no problemsit had no scratches no dents and the battery is like new just like the phone is like new

phone in good condition unfortunately is cdma, gsm not really a mistake, I wonder if you can tranform in gsm as ifone. samsung s3 should not produce a CDMA version because there is no international platform.2 star give much, if anyone is interested I sell as is already working in some states of the union.

I've always been wary about purchasing a phone off any other website except for the carriers. Fortunately, I had no issues & I love my Galaxy s3. I got my phone sooner than the delivery date & was extremely pleased with it. When need be, I'll definitely purchase another phone from them!

My Galaxy phone arrived in two days! I had a feeling the software would be different than an original galaxy but no, phone was as if I would have ordered from metro. I would deffinitely recommend to buy from here if this is the phone your looking for. I'm very satisfied with my purchase!

I live in Rhode Island, and before I went with this phone I checked their coverage maps and it looked like I should get 4G almost everywhere, etc. However, there's a separate 4G map below the main coverage map (sneaky and underhanded) that I hadn't noticed before, it's almost as if they're hiding it.But I digress, the reason I decided to return the phone is that even now that I understand their coverage maps, they're still BS.I occasionally get 4G and when I don't I get 1x and this is when in a &#34;Home Area&#34; where I should be at the very least receiving 3G.No wonder they offer unlimited 3/4G ... YOU CAN'T GET IT ANYWHERE!I have a friend who lives in Florida and he says MetroPCS is awesome down there, so results probably vary between locations.IF YOU LIVE IN RHODE ISLAND STAY AWAY FROM METROPCS.Conclusion;Be sure to look at the coverage maps very carefully to be sure you can get the coverage you want in your area, but even then the maps are probably inaccurate . :(I am returning this phone and going with this instead. :D http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00COPSFJ2/ref=oh_details_o01_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1

The phone looks excellent. Although, its very thin making it seem super fragile. A phone case is a must have for this phone. The service with metro pcs is not up to par. I am able to do almost everything without a problem. Nevertheless, there will be moments when you're trying to watch a video and it continuously buffers. The navigation system wont even work, as the signal is poor. On the upside, you will only be paying $45.00 per month. Overall, I really like the phones features, hence, the four stars. I would recommend it based on your individual needs. If you're keen on "youtubing" then go with another company. Otherwise, you will have to tolerate the lack of service.

If you plan on holding this phone longer than 2 years, beware, it will be a paperweight at the end of 2014 (article says 2015, but I've seen news items where they're talking end of CDMA by year end 2014 for Metro PCS.T-Mobile is a GSM carrier and MetroPCS is a CDMA carrier. So why are these two companies combining forces? Sounds like an integration nightmare.This is a good question. And it's one that analysts have been asking since the deal was first rumored. But T-Mobile CEO John Legere says this won't be a major issue for either company, since T-Mobile and MetroPCS have already begun repurposing or refarming their existing spectrum to deploy 4G LTE services. He also argues that the companies are well suited for each other since they use the same slivers of spectrum in the PCS band as well as in the Advanced Wireless Service or AWS band of spectrum. This should make it easier to tie the two services together.A MetroPCS store.(Credit: Greg Sandoval/CNET) The way it will work, according to the plan outlined by T-Mobile, is that the LTE service will run on AWS spectrum that is combined from T-Mobile and MetroPCS. And the new T-Mobile will use its and MetroPCS's PCS spectrum to deliver HSPA+ service. MetroPCS's current CDMA network will be phased out by the end of 2015.I'm a MetroPCS customer, so what does this move mean for me?Initially, it won't mean anything. On day one, you will still be able to use your existing phone. But over time, T-Mobile will be repurposing the the MetroPCS spectrum to work with T-Mobile's yet to be launched LTE service and it's existing HSPA+ service.This means that you will have to get a new handset, since over time, T-Mobile would get rid of the old CDMA voice network, and replace it with a GSM network. But because this change will happen over several years, most people will probably naturally upgrade to a new phone that will work on the new network. And for those who aren't inclined to change handsets within a year or 18 months, T-Mobile will likely offer incentives. But the reality is that you will eventually have to upgrade your handset.

I just switched (back) from using a Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket running ICS on Straight Talk for $45/month plus tax to a Samsung Galaxy S3 on MetroPCS for $55/month flat rate. Simply put, I am glad to be back on Metro PCS and if you are like me and use LOADS OF DATA (say, more than 2.5GB a month), then I highly recommend this Samsung Galaxy S3 phone (as the phone speaks for itself) and the Metro PCS service on the promotional $55/month (no tax) unlimited 4G LTE plan.  The Galaxy S3 is not leaps and bounds better than the Galaxy S2 Skyrocket, as I would consider it an incremental upgrade but yet the best phone that I have ever owned to date.  Prior to a five month stint with Straight Talk, I had been with Metro for about 3 years. My biggest gripe with Metro (at the time) was their lack of high end phones, which we know now has changed. I live in Northern California and travel a few times a year (typically to major US cities). I've never really had an issue with phone coverage for voice calls or voice call quality but it would be a good idea to put a few bucks on your Metro account to cover Travel Talk (roaming) for .19 cents per minute. It doesn't happen often for me, but I've definitely had to use it for remote or pocket areas that you may not have anticipated. Between their home coverage, extended coverage, and travel talk area (see the Metro PCS coverage map for clarification), coverage for voice and text in the US (and in a few parts of Canada, so their coverage map says) is PRETTY WELL COVERED or at least as good if not better than the BIG 4 (for overall US coverage). Now, it is annoying when I find myself out of the internet coverage area so depending on your specific travels, you may want to take that into consideration or be ready to head to Starbucks for free WiFi use when necessary :). The slower internet speeds in the extended coverage areas do not bother me and still allow for adequate internet browsing and email sync.  I have never done a speed test in the extended coverage areas but they feel like super slow 3G.  I THINK THE MAIN POINT HERE (FOR ME) IS "VALUE". The savings that you'll see is well documented (over contract carriers) and NOW the same premium phone is available. The Metro PCS and T Mobile merger doesn't concern me at this point since everything I read says that network changeover will happen over time with a completion target by the end of 2015. As much as I like this Samsung Galaxy S3, I doubt that I'll have it 3 years from now. Looking forward, I certainly hope that the Metro PCS tradition of offering ground breaking value is maintained. Does Metro PCS have the fastest 4G? NO, I get about 1.2M down and 2.2M up regularly in my area and I have seen it as high as 3M down 5M up on rare evenings or in the area 25 miles south of me (VERSUS 3.5M down and 1M up from Straight Talk). That said, I have no problems streaming video and audio such as the NBA League Pass, Netflix, YouTube, or listening to Pandora on this device (and GET THIS, streaming video and audio is actually allowed on the Metro PCS network, unlike some of the other carriers). It works great. The overall clincher for me really was twofold... the offering of this awesome new Samsung Galaxy S3 device (got it for two-ninety-nine, special Holiday price) and an unbeatable $55/month flat rate plan with *truly* unlimited data, no caps and no throttling. I had recently had the unfortunate experience of data being shut down (with calls in to carrier support, factory reset of device per carrier request), throttling (at about 200k - 300k down), and automated recorded phone calls (regarding my data use) with my previous carrier BUT when I never used more than 1.9GB of data in the billing cycle. I decided that I did not have time to deal with that or the subjectivity of these other so called unlimited plans, AND SO TO METROPCS I RETURNED with the hottest phone on the market and the best TRULY unlimited calling and data plan.  The only reason why I didn't rate this phone 5 stars is because battery life out of the box for me was not great.  I use the Easy Battery Saver app in Advanced mode and it now conistently lasts until bedtime.  I would consider my use medium to heavy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this phone and the service delivered from Metro PCS.  I hope my shared experience helps you guys make the right decision. Your mileage may vary... GOOD LUCK!Update 1/08/13 -I began to have an issue with the TouchWiz launcher where it would pause the device for about (or less than) 10 seconds and display an error regarding the application being stopped or unresponsive.  My device would eventually reboot the launcher after a few seconds (as home screen icons and widgets would disappear and then re-appear).  The issue happened a few times a week and up to this point was the only real annoyance with this phone.  So, assuming it had all to do with TouchWiz, I changed to the Nova Launcher and have not experienced a launcher issue since.  In my opinion, the Nova Launcher is a smooth running alternative to TouchWiz.As for Metro 4G speeds, I stated that I was getting 1.2M down and 2.2M up in my "general" area but found out that it greatly depends on your immediate area (granularly).  Literally just down the hill, I am getting 4.5M down and 5.5M up.  Either way, and even though these speeds may not compare to what other carriers "advertise", I find these 4G speeds to be 100% satisfactory and plenty fast for my video/audio streaming, email synchronization, and web browsing needs.  I did about 4GB in my first month and rather enjoyed not having to worry about soft cap throttling or worse, getting cut off.

Great phone for the price it works fast and the battery is very good long lasting and the notification light can be changed.

A few quirks but overall a great product. My first smartphone and I am happy with it. I will probably be sticking with Galaxy products from now on.

Producto con falta de especificaciones y no funciona fuera de Estados unidos deseo devolver y cambiar por un equipo que sea netamente gsm

had to send it back wrong for the area i was in im sure i would have liked it im still looking

This made my husbands Christmas.  The phone was perfect, and still works great to this day.  He is very rough with his phones.  I purchased the Otter box and clear screen protectors and after a few drops there hasn't been any changes in performance.  LOVE IT!  GREAT SELLER, GREAT TRANSACTION, GREAT SHIPPING, HAPPY HAPPY!

I love the pictures they come out so clear  like a digital camera. And it has great features. ..thank you

If you are in Ohio and getting ready to press the purchase button - STOP!!Because of the new merger between T-Mobile and Metro PCS, Metro PCS can no longer accommodate CDMA phones in certain service areas. If you are in a few different cities in Ohio, such as Toledo, Cleveland or Cincinnati,  this phone will not work. The first thing you will want to do is contact your local Metro PCS store and find out if they have transferred their CDMA system over to the new GSM system yet.By checking the technical details tab, you can see that this phone is an older version, which is still on the CDMA network. If your local store has transferred their systems to GSM then this phone cannot be activated and is essentially a high priced paperweight.If you are still wanting this phone for Metro PCS and you are in an area that has started using the new GSM system, you will have to purchase an unlocked Galaxy S3.I am still giving the item 3 stars because the Galaxy 3 is a great phone, this particular phone is just of no use to those that have Metro PCS in Ohio. As for the phone itself, it has quite a few wonderful features such as the face recognition in order to unlock the phone. Once the proper phone is purchased for the Metro PCS network, chances are you will be happy with the device itself.

here in the 209 Valley area it might be one if not the fastest 4G service and only $100 for two of this phones unlimited(no limits) 4G..and the phone is the best..

Edit after 2 months: My review of this phone hasn't changed. Everything mentioned in my review hasn't changed and no bull from MetroPCS at all. When Metro said unlimited data, they weren't kidding. This month alone I've used 23+ GB of data with no throttling at all. Even been able to have a hotspot going with my tablet (Nexus 7).Sadly the $55 plan is gone and is now $60.However, I had a firmware update that failed and said that I had to take it to a Samsung support center. So far no hardware failure has come up. My S3 hasn't crashed yet but for some reason, the game GTA Vice City is incompatible. Weird. Also the YouTube app on low quality will run on a very low frame rate. Charles get the quality to HD and that fixes it, but doing that will eat up a lot of data for those on limited plans.Original Review: Metro PCS has finally got some good hardware for its phone selection. The S3 offered here is the same across all carriers. (Specs, camera, and the like)However, the only weaknesses this device has is its service. Now; I'm not saying Metro PCS is bad, but if anyone is looking for data speeds on par with ATT or Verizon will be mistaken. And service is limited (Until the T Mobile merger) in some areas of the US. I'd suggest buying the phone in store in case service isn't available for a refund.When you do have coverage, data gets the job done. With 2 bars of reception in my apartment, I could stream Netflix and Hulu with no buffering issues in pretty good quality. Internet browsing was smooth, and downloads apps was fairly quick. (Anything over 100 mb will take a minute)The phone aspect of the S3 on Metro works great! You have reception, calls sound great. (From 1 to 5 bars even) Text messages work as they should, I would get a different keyboard though. (Using SwiftKey on mine)All in all, I love the phone and service. For $55/month with no taxes (Plan is a limited offer, don't know when it's expiring) it is a great deal. Sad that the phone itself is so expensive, but if you can make the purchase without going into debt I say go for it.

I received the phone and it was a disaster...1. It was scuffed2. Charger had black electrical tape on it3. Phone would shut off instantly after charging it

This is an awesome phone!  Just recently recieved and am totally WOWED!!! I've been with MetroPCS for years and haven't really been disappointed. For folks considering going with the carrier, make sure to add MetroGuard the SAME DAY OF PURCHASE!  This gives you protection in case of accidents, loss, theft etc. at $5 a month.  I relocated temporarily to Charlotte, NC and am not experiencing 4G LTE since the area is not fully covered but the service and speed is still undeniably impressive.Nevertheless, this is by far the best phone I've had. If you do some research, Samsung is now Apples biggest competitor! If the price makes you cringe a lil' consider how much you will save with no contract monthly. Sure you may be able to get it cheaper with a contract but but after payin a hundred and some odd dollars a month, you could have just paid full price for the phone! So, what are you waitin' for?!?

MetroPCS will still activate CDMA S3 phones as of April 2014. The CDMA S3 is the last phone that was not locked for tethering directly. The newer S3 (GSM) and all that come after from the T-Mobile merge require a custom ROM to tether.Details on how to tether the phone can be found here: [...]

I left Metro PCS a while back from the lack of 4G phones. at the time the lowest for a 4G phone was like $350 and at that time I didn't have that kind of money... I went to Verizon and got stuck under their contract and decided to leave mid-contract since I wanted to upgrade but the SIII was $600 for Verizon Month-Month contract. So I saw the SIII was on sale for $399 and I went and got it!!! I am extremely happy with this cellphone. In a 1 year span Metro PCS I have to tell ya...got much better 4G signal!!! I get it in almost every building that I would lose it before! Good job Metro, I am happy I have an amazing phone for $60 (including insurance) a month no contract and with T-Mobile the 4G Lte should get wider in the US and not just that but they're saying by 2014/2015 LTE metro speeds should be 10MB down MINIMUM and 35 MAX. That will be amazing!!!! :D

I've paid for this phone for $449.98 back in January 25, 2013 this year.  The problem is the phone is locked, I'll be really happy if it work right away after I have spend that kind of money, until now I am still have the phone but can't use because local dealer will unlock it but it come with the price, it's frustrated.

I've previously owned alot of phones... iphone 3, htc evo 3d, htc wildfire (with metro pcs that I HATED) to name a few and I didn't know it until I received it but this is the one I've been waiting for. It's pretty near perfect and it's hard to find really any faults with it. Zero regrets. Because of it's quality, it is WELL worth buying this particular phone and then paying the low monthly prepaid rate through metro, its an amazing value and I'm thrilled it was even offered. The screen is absolutely the perfect size, big, bright and just simply beautiful. It's thin but super fast, I rarely ever get frustrated with it, it has an phenomenal amount of memory and functionality, it keeps a nice charge, and is extremely easy to navigate and use. I sincerely love it.

bought this phone ,and when went to activate it was told that it may not work on Metropcs later on as they are joining up with TMobile.so I returned it and Amazon charged me a restocking fee. so no I'm not happy about it.

Prior to acquired the Galaxy S3, I owned an LG Esteem, which was very slow. I didn't feel like shelling out over $600 for the Galaxy S4 so the S3 was the obvious choice for me. I only paid about 50 percent less than what an S4 would have cost me.This Android phone is so awesome! Where do I begin? Fast boot up time: takes about 10 seconds to boot up. A 16GB built-in storage (50 percent more storage than my previous phone), sharp Super AMOLED screen, Jelly Bean 4.1 (can't wait until the release of KitKat), the 8 megapixel camera that takes amazing photos and the secondary 1.9 megapixels camera for Skype, Tango, etc.If you are considering purchasin your first or replacement Android phone and don't want to go overboard money wise, I strongly recommend you get the Samsung Galaxy S3.

Best phone ever. I love this phone it does everything I needI even recommended it to several friends and 3 of my friends purchased onefor them self too.Also a couple of customers at my place of business purchased one as well.

I am in Love with this phone, I know it's kind of outdated with the Samsung Galaxy S4 out and all, but this phone is slightly smaller which I like. It took me a few days to adjust to the size (I had a smaller, and thicker phone). This was a huge upgrade for me. It's pretty easy to set up and start using. The tutorials it shows were really nice, but I don't like tutorials. I usually find them annoying but they were nice on this phone. The camera is really great. The sound quality during a call is way better than my previous phone. It arrived like 2 days before it was supposed to for me so that was a really nice surprise.I'd definitely recommend to a friend.5 Stars because the shipping was amazing, and I am in love with this product.Very pleased I made this purchase!

I used my Samsung Galaxy S3 for a year before selling it and deciding to go to T-Mobile. Overall, i would say my experience with the device was good.I want to start with the positives of the device. One of the best things this phone has is its display. It is absolutely gorgeous when viewing pictures or videos. Crank up the brightness and play an HD video, your eyes will thank you. The colors are saturated but damn i thought they looked good. I don't know how to explain it, they just pop at you. The display size is a good 4.8 inches big which is a nice size now a days. Between 4.5-5 inches i think is a good size. I would give the display an 10/10. No complains from me.The overall feel of the device was pretty decent. People complain about the built quality of the device and how flimsy it feels. I would say this device feels very fragile. I slapped a protective case from day one. A friend of mine had  one fall from 2 feet high and the screen got cracked. I was not taking that chance. The phone had pretty good protection against scratches and minor bumps once i put it on the case. Even with the case this phone did not feel heavy or clumsy. I had a hard time handling the device with one hand but that is the price you pay for getting that big display. My hands are pretty small too. Your experience might be different. I would say overall fee in the hand i would say a 7/10 simply because of the build quality and durability. A case is a must.In every day activities this phone was really fast. The processor is a duel core 1.5 ghz processor. Very quick. I often had between 5-10 apps open and never had a problem. From time to time you would see an app crash but that was usually a problem with specific apps. One thing that always bugged me is how the original launcher that comes with the phone (Touchwiz) lags and stutters from time to time. Good thing android is so flexible. A couple months after buying the phone i received the update to Jelly Bean 4.1.2. It was a considerable improvement. That combined with the Nova Prime Launcher provided a lag free and smooth performance. Samsung included a lot of features with the phone that can be considered gimmick. They are, for the most part. The only one i considered useful is the smart stay and the swipe to take a screen shot feature. The smart stay is very useful when you are reading a long article and don't want the screen to be constantly dimming. The multi window multitasking i can honestly say is complete garbage. I used it a couple of time the first day and it is useless. The screen is just too small for that purpose. I can see that working on a big tablet screen but on a phone it is cramped. It did not make the phone freeze or lag though. I was still very pleased with the performance 9/10.The camera performance in the Galaxy S3 is very nice. It has a lot of shooting modes. If you take pictures at night there are a couple shooting modes that will improve the pictures considerably. The HDR mode and night mode are excellent for taking pictures at night. I could not believe how good the pictures looked. They were almost as good as my regular point and shoot camera. Daylight pictures looked excellent when they were taking under proper lighting conditions. I always liked how fast the camera focused and managed to take the shots without having blur. That is a big problem with cheaper phones. Videos in high definition are very good to watch but they look considerably better on the phone that when i saw on the computer or the TV. I don't know why. Pictures and video quality would diminish considerably when you will soon the camera. That is still a big problem with cell phone cameras. Newer cell phones like the Lumia 1020 do a much better job in this regard. I would say the camera earns a solid 8/10.The one Achilles heel in this device and the one thing that holds it back is the battery life. I would not say it is awful but it is far from good. It is just mediocre. It is simply not big enough. You remember that beautiful screen i talked about at the beginning? Well, that beautiful screen uses up a LOT of battery. I had days when i unplugged the phone at around 8 am and i had to recharge it at around 2 p.m because it would be at around 30%. Granted, that was with some heavy usage but still...you want to use the phone. That wouldn't be so bad if the battery didn't take so long to charge. It takes a good two and a half hours for this phone to charge from 0 to 100%. Newer phones with Snapdragon 800 processors charge considerably faster. The standby times are not that good either. If i leave it at 100% overnight i would wake up with around 65% in the morning. That is not acceptable. If a phone is idle it should not use more than 1-2% per hour. Battery life gets a 5/10.In conclusion, i would recommend this phone for its display, performance and its camera just remember that it does have its limitations. The battery life holds it back considerably. If you feel like you are a heavy user you might want to consider other options or buy an extended battery. This one doesn't last. I also feel like the phone is still a bit over priced off contract. Samsung phones are just overpriced overall. The phone is nice though and certainly worth a look if you can get it a decent price. I'd say less than $300 off contract if it had light usage. Maximum $350. Anything over that i think you should look else where.

I bought this twice one for me and one for my bf. mine came out great  and love it, my bf fone did came with a failed  charger but other than that its perfect

In love with this phone.It works great and I really like the size.Had it for some time now and I still have no problems with it.However it does sometimes overheat. Not sure if that's a general thing.Nevertheless, I recommend.

Got this and had to return it, why would anybody in their right mind pay $320 for a piece of plastic? that doesn't even connect to any other products I have. Is this going to sync with my Samsung fridge? no.

this was a great purchase . couldn't have asked for anything better . comes with everything including box . everything is fully functional . I just love it .

Look like a brand new phone. Was highly satisfied. I got phone within 5 days. Love how it was packed and everything was in the box.

If you are ordering the METROPCS Samsung Galaxy III, call 1-888-8METRO8 beforehand to ensure you will be able to activate the phone before ordering. After installing the SIM cards in the two phones I ordered, I tried to activate online and METROPCS is not available in my state and city.

Awesome.  A little similar to my previous phone (lg motion) but way better apps, graphics, colors etc.  I simply luv it!

A lot of money for a cell phone, but, then again, it's not just a cell phone.  It's everything digial you could need.  I'll have this for many years.  Great product.

UPDATE: 05-15-2013 I just wanted to add this to the top of my review to hopefully help people understand something about this phone BEFORE buying it then complaining. This is NOT an unlocked or international phone. This is a Metro PCS Locked phone for Metro PCS only. Im sure there are ways to unlock it, but it is sold and intended to activate on Metro PCS's CDMA and 4G LTE network. If you want an unlocked white Galaxy S3 here is one.Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone - International Version (Ceramic White)I hope this helps yet another person from buying this phone then complaining in a review it isnt GSM, or isnt unlocked, or isnt international.Also Metro PCS is a CDMA service, the product description doesn't make this very clear. To see that it is CDMA you have to click the "more technical details" link, then it shows (Network Compatibility: CDMA).  I tried to get Amazon to add that to the specs so others will know, but they didnt. Also make sure you check your area for Metro PCS service before you buy. Underneath the phones picture there is a link called "zip code checker" to check coverage for your area. Now onto the review.OK, without going into all the details I will say that since I decided to drop Sprint Ive been through almost all of the carriers, and several different phones. And for one reason or another I wasn't happy.Prior to the S3 I had the S2 from Boost (also bought through Amazon). But discovered that Sprint had no plans of expanding their 4G CDMA to my area. So with Sprint and Boost I would never have gotten 4G where I live (North Bay, California). Well shortly after this I found out that Metro was getting the S3. And the ironic thing is that I originally left Metro several years ago to go to Sprint because of Metro's lackluster selection of "Smart Phones". So now I'm back with Metro and have 4G LTE!!! But this wasn't without its own issues which I will get into later in hopes of helping others that get the Metro S3 through Amazon rather than directly through Metro. But first onto the phone.If you are looking for the absolute best performing phone for Metro, or any other carrier for that matter look no further. I know its expensive, but if you multiply the difference you'll be saving by 2 years vs. the others you will end up saving. And this phone is worth every cent. Ive had quite a few phones and thought they were fast, but this thing in FAST!! You can multitask like crazy without it slowing down at all.I haven't had it long enough to give any battery life reports, but I will update this later to add some details regarding battery, but it seems pretty good for now.Now as I mentioned above I had issues with 4G that took some research, and several calls to Metro to fix. When I first activated my phone I did the whole process online. Well the first thing I noticed was the speed only being at 1X. I tried several different things like rebooting, factory reset, but still nothing. And according to Metro's coverage map I'm in a fairly good area. But with Sprint I usually only had 1 bar, and 3G speeds of 300 kbs max. And then when I tried T-Mobile it would not connect at all, so I know where I live can be tricky. Verizon worked great, but its exactly double the cost I am paying at Metro. So anyway I did a lot of googling, and discovered a forum that mentioned exactly what my phone was doing. After activating through the site not getting any 4G. And it said that it was most likely because the sim card was not activated or paired to the phone. This seems to happen when activating on your own through the site, but not if you have Metro do it at a store. To test this go to Metropcs.com, log in, then look at your profile/ account info. It is suppose to show 2 things. It should show your phone, and its device number, and also should show a ICCID number. The ICCID is your sim card. Well at first mine did not show the ICCID. So what was suggested was to call Metro and ask them to activate the Sim card. Well this should have been simple, but wasn't. The first person didn't know what I meant. The second person said it was already activated, but they said they would do it anyway. So right after she said that she activated it, I rebooted, and FINALLY saw the 4G for the first time. And then I rechecked my profile at Metropcs.com and it showed the ICCID also for the first time. So if you have this issue its fixable, but it might take you a couple calls. And if they say its already activated just ask them to do it again. That should fix it.To sum it all up I am very happy that the roller coaster is over, and I have the phone I want, unlimited everything, 4G, insurance, all for $60/ month. If your on Metro do yourself a favor and get this phone. I guarantee you wont regret it!!!!I thought of something else I would like to add. I know that the initial $500 to get this phone is a lot, and the discounted deals that come with 2 year contracts are enticing. I know, Ive been there and done that. But in the long run you save a lot of money. Ill use the Verizon plan I tried for a couple days as an example.Metro S3 price with 2 day shipping.....$549.50Metro's Unlimited 4G LTE plan............$55/ month. (Unlimited Everything, No taxes,fees)2 year cost of just monthly plan.........$1320.00Phone cost + 2 years of service..........$1869.50Verizons current cost for S3 is $199, about $251 with tax and $36 activation (With 2 year contract discounted from 599.99)Verizons 4GB Plan cost......................$110.00 (Unlimited Calls, Text, and 4GB of data)2 year cost of just monthly plan.........$2640.00 (Not including taxes and other fees)Phone cost + 2 years of service..........$2891.00Verizons Cost of phone and plan for 2 years..$2891.00Metros Cost of phone and plan for 2 years.....$1869.50........................................Savings of about $1021.50So in the initial cost you will definitely save on the phones cost with Verizon, but in the long run you can end up saving a lot with Metro. Now I will admit that Metro's service is nowhere near as good or reliable as Verizon's, but as a long time Metro customer I rarely had any issues. The only issue I have now is slower data speeds. I was getting close to 6mbs download where I live with Verizon, and about 1.5 to 2.5mbs with Metro. But that additional data speed isn't worth doubling my bill. My house is in a tricky spot, I usually only have 1 bar, 2 at the most.I know my above calculations wont be the same for every carrier or plan. But this was the situation I was in when I tried Verizon. They have lower cost plans with less data, but at least you will have an idea of long term cost, and how to calculate it yourself to help with your decision.EDIT: I wanted to add something to my review that I think potential buyers might be worrying about, and that is the T-Mobile merger. There have been comments/ reviews, etc. saying that this Galaxy S3 will be a "paperweight" once the merger is complete. In other words it will be useless. This just isn't true. I myself have done a lot of research about this because its just too expensive to end up not being able to use it. The CDMA network is planned to run until 2015, ask your self honestly have any of you kept a phone for 3 years? By then the Galaxy S5 will be out. If anything the service will improve. I also read that there are plans to release a over the air update to allow existing Metro customers to access the T-Mobile network. Here is a direct quote from Neville Ray (T-Mobiles Chief Technology Officer) "Shortly after the merger, MetroPCS phones will be able to connect to T-Mobile's upcoming LTE network - it's a simple matter of an over-the-air SIM update". That will be the Data side of things. As far as calling the Metro S3 has VOLTE, which is Voice over LTE so that it will be able to make calls using T-Mobiles LTE network. And besides the CDMA is only what handles the 1x speeds, 4G LTE will be everywhere soon, and therefore the 1x wont be needed as much as it is now. Im in a pretty bad spot, and still have 4G LTE the majority of the time, and rarely fall back on CDMA 1x. So to sum it all up, the merger isnt anything to worry about, if anything its a good thing for us Metro customers because we will have access to T-Mobile networks as well.Update: (1-24-2013) Just wanted to update my review since the $55 plan is gone now. They now have a $60 plan with unlimited everything. So basically the one I have but $5 more. Still the best deal out there.Update: (5-5-2013) I left the Metro S3 for awhile, and ironically I am back. I tried a few other carriers, and phones, and ended up buying a new Metro S3 and so glad I am. Unless something crazy happens, I dont see myself leaving again for a long time.

No review need....love at first sight. Performance from said product is .......well. Absolutely. ..Positively. ...Superb in every facet. It operates flawlessly.

Loveee my phone! Literally, got it a week after I ordered it. Would give it 10 stars if I could.

this was awful I bought it for my sons graduation an it can not be activated with out the simcard an they nolonger sell them.....upset,

Just a heads up to buyers unless they misinformed me, this is NOT a GSM phone. This is the older MetroPCS CDMA phone(s) which is being phased out by MetroPCS pending the completion of their merge with T-Mobile. Respectfully sellers should let buyers know this and not have to email them to check.

I brought this phone for me and my cousin for Christmas and we love it best phone every wouldn't trade it for any other phone Samsung galaxy is one of the best brands out there I still haven't put mines down I brought this and the 15 in 1 bundle and a 32gb sandisk i am set so if your thinking about the phone I highly recommend this phone to anyone who can afford it

I am very happy with this phone. very fast. over the top software. easy to manage and very handy. It worth every single penny. Money very well spend on it.

This is a GREAT phone, but ONLY if you buy the "Five Star" September 2013 GSM version, NOT the discontinued "One Star" 2012 CDMA version.The older version is locked to the old and obsolete MetroPCS CDMA network which has 4G service in fewer than 10% of American cities.  ZERO service in most states. And the old CDMA network will be phased out during 2014, turning CDMA phones into paperweights.The newer GSM version released in Septrmber 2013 (the version currently sold on the MetroPCS website) runs on the T-Mobile GSM network which covers 80% of American cities. The Metro/T-Mobile GSM 4G LTE network is expanding to cover 90% of American cities during 2014.Botton Line: buy ONLY the new GSM version and FIRST use the coverage map at the MetroPCS website to verify your town has 4G coverage before ordering.If you buy the new GSM version you will own an excellent phone on a growing network with monthly plans that are bargain priced: just $40 including all taxes and fees for unlimited nationwide calling and unlimited texting.

I bought my phone on sale last November for $400. Got a plan with unlimited phone, text and data (500 mb of 4g) for $30 a month. No taxes...no fees. The $30 was some sort of promotion. I have great service here in SoCal. Last week I visited my friend in Hawaii (big island). Thought for sure I'd be using Wi-Fi only. Had 4 bars in Hawaii. Now if you are traveling overseers...forget about it (no bars in sight in Italy or France) but nice coverage in the US. My friends are fools paying all that cash to Verizon. I love Metro. You'll be happy as hell with this phone and company.

Got this as an upgrade because the Esteem with MetroPCS stopped working and the claim was they stopped selling it... big lie!! all i needed was a battery!! I found out the hard way this cell phone needs to be wrapped in bubble wrap at all times... never dropped, and the screen is cracked!! I have had cheap $100 phones from metro and they put up with years of abuse and no screen broke... this one broke in two days!!!  never dropped!! $400 down the dang drain!! case didnt help either... spend less money this phone is nice and fast, but unless you plan to hold it every second you own it.. DO NOT BUY IT !!! very sensitive

My husband loves this phone. He went from an Iphone to this - I didnt think he was going to do it but he did :)
