
I have been an Iphone user my entire smart phone life. However, I thought I would change it up and since my contract ran out in early October, I found it dumb having to wait for the Iphone 5 until around Christmas time. I decided to go with the S3. I actually really liked the phone except for the battery life and the signal. The signal at my house was very low and was always searching between 1 bar and 0 bars to No Service (O with a line through it). After 12 days I returned it for the Razr HD. I am amazed on how great this phone is. It does feel heavy but I can live with that since it is built tough. You can tell it is built nice whereas the S3 felt light but cheap.Pros- Battery life, signal strength, the build of the phone, actually found keyboard is easier than the S3, screen is better than the S3 in my opinion (not by much but brighter less dull)Cons- weight, cameraGave it 5 stars because it does exactly what a phone should do. Yea the camera could be better but I didnt buy the phone for the camera.Cannot wait to keep messing with this device, sounds like a keeper to me.

We were notified by Adobe that in August they were ending support for Flash.  That happens to run almost every app for the phone!  So you contact Motorola to complain or ask what they are going to do about it  and they inform you,  they sell the phone and are not responsible for this action; that you should notify Verizon.  Surprise,  when you contact Verizon they tell you, yes that is correct,  they are not responsible for this action; you should notify Motorola.  You'll see people jumping in saying "try this app or that app, they are a substitute"  they aren't once the phone reboots it searches for Adobe Flash and when it does not find it you'll get an error message. Are they working at a fix, who knows they have until August 31, 2013.One other cute thing if you chose like we did the insurance plan through Verizon one of their representative (bless his heart) and I stumbled on something interesting.  I am disabled and broke my screen and found you can buy the parts and fix it yourself for around $30.00; I can't.  While speaking with the representative we decided to ask Motorola what they charged to repair the screen, $90.00.  So we went to the insurance company and learned the deducible was $100.0;  we both found that kind of bewildering.  So he went back, remember we are being taped and asked for repair price on a variety of things, then to the insurance company only to find the deducible in each case was more than Motorola.  So why pay a monthly insurance fee?  Is it misleading, his supervisor said "we were not looking at the big picture".  Does anyone know what that might be??

Like the phone, but didn't give it 5 stars because the battery didn't last as long as I thought it would. After what I consider normal usage, u still need to charge it every night.I love buying my cell phones from Amazon because they have been so much cheaper than Verizon or Bestbuy!

Incredible phone. Battery life is amazing. Been on this phone all day since 7 am and after 12hrs of use it still has 78% charge. Motorola still lives up to its fantastic signal reception. Very solid phone. Jelly Bean 4.1 update promised before end of year. For you geeks, this phone is rootable if you wish to remove verizon's bloatware. This is an upgrade for me from my Droid X that lasted over 2 years without a problem. For businesses, this phone supports corporate email flawlessly. NFC functions great. Downside of this phone is the carrier. Verizon currently is blocking Google Wallet in favor of its own lacking wallet service. Not the phone's fault. If you want a real phone, this is it. If you want less, you can try apple.

I just got my THIRD Motorola Razr from Verizon! My third because the first two crashed! The first one lasted about 3 months, the second one lasted about 4-6 weeks. Basically the first time the phone simply froze up. You could not turn it off of make it do anything! It just froze on the home screen. 24 hours later it started working again but since Verizon was already over nighting me a replacement I got the second phone and sent back the first. Now it's been about 4 to 6 weeks and the phone would NOT turn on when I woke up. Verizon sent me yet another replacement which I got yesterday. The phones they send you under warranty are not new they are factory reconditioned! Today I spoke to Verizon and it seems they spoke to Motorola and it seems the Razr has this known issue.... Not sure how long phone number 3 will last but if it crashed Verizon best send me something else!! Love the phopne but hate the fact it's a piece of junk!

I recently replaced a Razr MAXX with an "HD" version and the only significant differences are negative, not positive.Under Google's new ownership of the cell phone division of Motorola, the SIM and supplemental memory cards are now physically inaccessible unless you bring a little key to release the tray that they both sit in.  Horrible.When removing the tray, the SIM card immediately falls on the floor.  The microSD card does not even sit in the tray, so you have to remember that it's supposed to be placed by hand into the slot of the phone, with the tray and SIM card carefully balanced to be pushed back into the side of the phone for the retaining catch to hold this all in place. Did I say horrible?When connected through the USB cable to a computer, the new operating system no longer lets a user "see" the cell phone's internal memory and microSD card as separate drives.  They want you to download, install, and use a Google software management application.Previously, when connecting the USB cable, you got three popups on your computer monitor: an earlier software management application (that you didn't have to use), a "windows" type file folder query for the internal phone folders, and another "windows" type file folder query for quick access to the folders on the microSD card.SO, the quick way to now get to your photos and videos moved over to your home computer is to remove the microSD card and use a card reader.  Oh, wait, what if I forgot or lost the dang key? (see aforementioned)Minor additional problems they have created include moving some of the function icons around on the touch screen. Takes some getting used to, that's all, but there is no clear advantage to their having done so, hence, it's judged "negative."Another problem is that they have moved the camera lens to the upper center of the backside of the phone, right where your hand typically touches.  Smeared lens and blurry photos follow.  When the lens was in the corner, they picked a spot that ordinarily is in the clear. So this was change for the negative.The USB and HDMI jacks are exposed, no protective cover to keep dust out.  They've also relocated these jacks to the lower left corner as you look at the operating screen, so you may need to re-route your charging cable. In that location, both jacks are more likely to pick up dirt.  I'll probably put a piece of electrical tape over the holes because as soon as dust gets near there, the cable pushed in pushes in the dirt too.Nice screen, nice battery.  My selected APPs work well, and I've given up complaining about all the bloatware included with the phone. Just like the earlier Razr MAXX.  The "HD" is more marketing than substance.

Only complaints are the LED for notifications-very bright at night, I have to turn the phone away from me and then it lights up the wall. I was on the fence on getting a Samsung S3 or this. My wife got an S3, and I would suggest anyone else to do the same as it seems to be an all around better phone.Pro-Battery life is insane. I travel a lot and it is great.Con-wifi pickup is not so great. I can be sitting beside my wife with her S3 and she gets signal from our WIFI and I can not. My Xoom has not problems in this location either, just the RAZR HD.Something I can't figure out- volume keeps adjusting itself for notifications and ringtones.

Love this phone has all the feature that I need and more. This phone is the best phone yet. Awesome

I am now waiting on my 6th Droid phone replacement (verizon)  in two years. Speakers stopped working  x 3, broke after mild fall x1, and stopped working for unknown reason x 2. Verizon and their insurance Asurion keep replacing with remanufactured phones of low quality. Next time will buy anything but a motorola product!

I got this phone for a penny for my wife's upgrade. So far we have been not necessarily impressed as much as satisfied with the high quality product we have come to expect from the Droid Razr series. Really gets the job done.

Could not really ask for much more in a phone, look and feel is beautiful.If you are a heavy user get the Maxx, otherwise the battery on this is adequate.

Do you like bells and whistles that work about a third of the time? Zero intuition in how settings are changed? Do you just hate moving media from you computer to your phone? Then this is the phone for you! No matter how I set the "silence when I'm at ______" function, the thing goes off when I'm at work. Sometimes it goes through its obnoxious startup noises when I turn it on, and sometimes it doesn't. The android file transfer program that replaced the earlier android file transfer mechanism is as likely to erase everything on your sd card as it is to erase the one file you have selected, and does not allow you to move any data from file to file on the phone, which is super convenient when it has put your data outside the file that you had selected. Since I made the mistake of buying this turd, I have mostly taken to also carrying my old Droid X around to do everything but make phone calls, and using this p.o.s. only for that. The Samsung Galaxy may feel like a plastic toy phone in your hand, but it's a sight better than this thing; my wife got that one, and she has none of these problems. As I write this, I'm replacing all of the data that Android File Transfer deleted from my sd card, instead of going to sleep. Do yourself a favor and buy a better phone than this. You'll sleep better if you do.

I will never get my upgrade phone directly from Verizon again! I got this phone for half the price that Verizon was offering it for and it's awesome.

I ending up buying this phone from Verizon on the day of release, and went with the regular HD opposed to the Maxx for $100 more since it seems steep for a few extra hours of battery life, and I'm glad I did.I'm on this phone constantly.. E-mail, text messaging, web browsing, pictures, and going through apps, and the battery life is even better than advertised (24 hours). So far over the past 5 days I've had this phone, this battery has lasted 30+ hours, and still was above 30% battery life when I put it back on the charger.The look and feel of this thing is the next best thing. Its iphone'ish design looks great and the kevlar backing feels great in your hand. The aluminum trim around the phone is just the icing on the cake. I was considering the Galaxy s3, but after using that phone, I hated the way it looked, and feels. I fell in love with this phone the second I had it in my hand. Not to mention, the display is pretty nice as well. The display is equal quality compared to the s3, as well as brightness, which could be a little higher on both phones in my opinion.ICS runs smooth on this thing, performance is solid, and the Smartactions feature is great as well. Being able to customize your phone settings based on location or time of day is a great way to improve the battery life even longer, and add convenience to your life. I have wifi set to automagically turn on when Im in my house, and turn off when I leave, as well as a Work setting, and a power saver setting to reduce screen brightness and app syncing to improve battery life once the device drops below 25%, which it only got that low the night I bought the phone since the battery was only 30% full out of the box.Also, I would like to mention this phone DOES has a LED flashing indicator, which is something you wont notice by looking at the phone. The little bar underneath the Motorola logo at the top of the phone flashes, and it flashes different colors for different notifications. (Blue for Facebook, and Green for Texts) .. I'm not sure if this is customizable or not.Anyways, the ONLY complaint I have about this phone, is that the USB charger port is at the bottom side of this phone, I wish it was at the top on the side. The SIM card and microSD card are in a sealed tray due to the phones water resistant design, so a tool is required to remove the card, which may be a inconvenience to those who frequently need access to the card for whatever reason.

I bought my droid razr hd from costco last February.  From day one I have had trouble connecting to wifi at home and at free wifi locations.  It shows its connected and it's good to excellent.  However that's not true.  I received a replacement phone four days ago and still have the same problem.  I'm trying a factory reset but so far that appears to be a failure.  Verizon and Motorola have both tried to help (everyone is very nice) but I can't stand it anymore.  This is my first smart phone and I love the features but I can't recommend this phone to anyone.  Why pay $30 a month for data for something so unreliable?  Nine months of this garbage!!

My first smartphone so I don't really have anything to compare it too but the camera takes great pics, I haven't dropped any calls and the display is awesome!

For some reason Amazon has this phone on backorder so I got it local from a VZW store on release day.  My wife got the S3 a month back and I'm glad she did because I found I hate it.  The biggest problem I have with it is the ridiculously shaped home button dead center of the bottom section of the phone.  Why would you ruin a large touchscreen with a physical button?So, I waited for release day for the RZR HD.  There were 2 reasons that I wanted a RZR: The first is Smart Actions.  It is basically a macro builder which allows you to automatically set the ringer off at certain times of day or based on location.  Basically its a lot like the Outlook Rules for desktop email.  The second item that had me eagerly waiting was the style.  I simply like rugged looking phones.  This one fits the bill.  It is sleek but it is a nice shape for me.  Some will call it boxy or square but I like the hard corners.  The Kevlar back is a nice touch but if you get a case like I did you will never see it.  Still, its a nice design choice and adds to the industrial/rugged look i mentioned earlier.I didn't feel the need to go with the Maxx because a larger battery isn't worth $100 to me.  If I traveled heavily or if I was on my phone constantly I would want the upgrade but I have been pleasantly surprised with the battery of the RZR HD.  I used it on and off all day for normal stuff: Checking and sending emails, a few phone calls and my son spent 2 hours playing Plants vs. Zombies.  I still have 60% of battery left and I took it off charge 17 hours ago.The call quality is probably the best I have ever had on a cell phone.  It is really clear for me and for the other party.  I was extremely happy as I just assumed "ok" call quality was a fact of all cell phones.I connect my phone via BT to my aftermarket car stereo and have no issues at all.  Again, call quality is excellent.I have not yet used the rear camera but I have put the front camera through its paces with the "Face Unlock" feature and I have no issues with the front camera.The transitions from screen to screen are smooth.  There is occasional choppiness but I have come to see that as standard depending on what else is running (I'm talking to you app addicts!) but it isn't a problem for me.There is the standard suite of crap-ware courtesy of Verizon that you can't uninstall but at least ICS has the ability to choose favorite apps for the tray so you won't have to flip past "Verizon Navigator" and "Slacker Radio" every time you look for an app.Overall I really like the phone.  I highly recommend it.

I bought the Motorola Droid Razr HD about 2 weeks ago.  So far I am really liking the phone.First off, I did a lot of research.  I went to 4-5 different stores, had multiple conversations at times in the same store, read I don't know how many articles, watched a bunch of Youtube reviews.  YES I may of over thought this even a little bit.  To me it came down to this phone, the Samsung Galaxy s III or the Droid Razr M.In the end I chose the Razr HD for a few key reasons:1) Overall I liked the feel of the phone more than the Galaxy S III.  The S III (based on all I saw) is a great phone.  I ALMOST went with them.  But the build and feel of the Droid Razr HD just felt more solid.  I liked the back more and liked the solid feeling metal sides.2. As far as tangible issues I think the battery is slightly better on the Razr HD (although in all fairness I am betting either one would meet my low to medium use in a day needs) and3. I have read Motorola reception is outstanding.4. In regards to versus the Razr M (same phone except smaller overall, 4.3 inch screen versus 4.7, slightly smaller battery, and the front camera resolution is lower (but not sure how much it matters) and 8 gb memory vs 16 (but you can add cheap microsd cards)I will say there were two key things I initially was drawn to the Galaxy s III -1. Interface / software / 'cool things' it does - I really liked the touchwiz I think they call it.  Plus the galaxy had a bunch of cool things you would try out at least at first - examples include to turn the music off just turn the phone over, if you are texting someone and want to talk to them, simply moving phone to your ear dials their number, screen shots but swiping your hand across the screen etc2. I think the camera is slightly better on the galaxyBUT in the end, better call quality (assuming there actually is a difference) and the more solid feel was the deciding factor.  I can't be more pleased.  I really really like the phone.BUT I might say (sorry if this does not help you decide...) I am not sure you would go that wrong with either choice if you want the larger phone.FINALLY if you find both the razr HD and Galaxy s III (or S 4 I would say) are just too big, the razr M is an excellent alternative.  and actually the one my wife has.

I can't think of a single thing I don't like about Droid Razr HD other than that I had to give up my unlimited plan to get it. I enjoy using it so much that I really rack of the data.I was initially reluctant to get another Motorola phone as it was my impression that as a company their best days were behind them. Not true! At least not with respect to this phone. Wow.It's just a beautiful phone, fast, sleek, durable, nicely weighted and balanced, and fits perfectly in my hand. I had waited for a year to get the iphone 5 to link up our entire household on icloud, but the iphone was very disappointing. I took it back after 3 days. If you read a lot on your phone as I do, this is the one. Great reading device. Great for everything.Much better hardware design and construction than the Galaxy SIII, which is getting all the buzz right now. Brighter screen than the GSIII as well.I really recommend this phone.

This is a great phone.  I've had it a couple months now.  Good reception, very long battery life, even though it's not the Maxx model, and never drops Bluetooth connectivity.  I had the predecessor to this, the Droid X, for a couple years, and was very satisfied with it, but moved up to the Razr because it's 4G and a better screen.  It's also faster, of course.  It has a solid, sturdy feel to it, which i like.  I had considered the S3 but was put off with it by some reports of overheating (!) and screen fragility issues.  The Razr is not fragile, as I can attest to.My only complaint is that it's every hard to see the screen outdoors. If you use yours outdoor a lot, try it in a store and walk outside to see how it looks before purchasing.  I'm going to change screen protectors to see if that helps. I'm using using Fosmon brand on it, so I doubt that's the problem.  I don't take many pics with it, but the ones I've taken are good quality, which is fine.  Primarily I use it for business, where I log about 2,000 minutes a month with a Bluetooth headset.  That requires only an every-other day charge, and even then it's only down to about 30% the end of the second day. I haven't had any issues with lockups or related problems. I've also used it as a mobile hotspot for my laptop and it had good throughput for that.For every day heavy usage and good reception, I recommend this phone.

Better than an I-Phone hands down. The Droid 4.1 OS, is Fast, stable and the best HD in the business.Built to take a beating with a kevlar shell and gorilla glass face. Anything less is a waste of your hard earned money.

I went to my local Verizon store and tried to choose between this one and the Galaxy S3.  This one was a big winner for me because of its sturdy build. The size was nearly the same. The look of the phone wasn't a big seller for me because I was going to buy a case for it anyhow, but its not bad looking. My last phone was a droid x which I  had to replace because the charging port went bad (after 2.5 years)I'm a big tech user and I've so far used the razr hd phone to:-take pictures - no issues although the quality of the pictures in dim light is not totally awesome, its a little greenish tinted... odd.-connect to dropbox and upload pics automatically-track my runs using gps and an app-track my diet using an app-connect to my google calendar-connect to my gmail-send and receive text messages that contain pictures-read ebooks (kindle app)-listen to podcasts- good audio quality and volume-listen to music and watch netflix shows-youtube videos-navigate using google navigator-play games-use chrome browser to web surf-connect to bluetooth in the car to make and receive calls-stream audio from pandora to my car stereo via bluetooth-make skype calls (video using the front facing camera) to my son in another city.-my contacts automatically synced when I added my gmail-IM with yahoo messengerThe only issue I've had with this phone is one time I couldn't get a good GPS signal.The battery lasts all day with moderate use, and with heavy use 8 hours or less. I know they brag about a full day of use, but I wouldn't expect that. I'm obviously a heavy user and I burned through the battery in 8 hours, which isn't bad at all.That's it.  This phone is great.

Transitioning from my Thunderbolt to this phone went smoothly.  There aren't a lot of different ways this works from my HTC product, so it was easy to get used to.  I LOVE the battery life on this phone!  I use it a lot - play games, check mail, etc.  I normally only have to charge it when going to bed at night (unless I've had the phone in my face all day.... which happens sometimes).  The length of the phone is a little longer than what I was used to, but it isn't so big that I can't use just one hand to handle it, etc.  I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a phone with a great battery life that doesn't weigh a ton, and is priced reasonably!UPDATE 7/24/2013I just wanted to add that although I do like my phone, my only complaint is the camera and I've adjusted my rating from five stars to four stars.  The camera on this phone really stinks.  It takes okay pictures when you do not use a flash.  If you have to use a flash, then the image quality is that first generation web cam.  Seriously.  I've gotten some cute pics with it, but that is few and far in between.  It does fine in natural light.  My last phone, the Thunderbolt, completely lost the ability to sync the flash with the camera a year after I purchased it.  So, I am used to not using a flash...  however, IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A PHONE WITH A WONDERFUL CAMERA, THIS IS NOT THE PHONE FOR YOU!

I love this phone. It's fast, durable and not so large that I can't handle it with one hand. I have small hands even for a girl so size does matter. It's almost too big to put in my pants pocket but it does fit without being TOO bulky. I also like the Kevlar back because it isn't so slippery. Reception and call quality could not be better. I had been debating between this and the Galaxy S III so I went to the store and got my hands on them both and the Droid Razr HD won hands down between the size and the slipperiness. Processing wise they are very comparable. My battery lasts almost two days. The smart actions are very handy and help battery life. Camera takes great pictures. Sometime it lags in actually snapping the picture, but the pictures are great. I am trying out the free version of the Fast Burst Camera app and that does improve the lag time between hitting the button and the picture actually being taken. I may get the full version.I hope this helps!

I would just like to warn buyers against this phone. I've had so many issues with mine. Beyond not having a long enough battery life, which can be attributed to my high usage, my phone has a few major things I think users should know about.1) It freezes and crashes A LOT. From texting to playing games, this phone freezes up on me more than any other phone I've owned.2) Poor wi-fi usage. When connected to the wi-fi it run extremely slow, and sometimes won't even load. If I want to access something I have to turn off the wifi to get it to load. This can be extremely frustrating if you don't have a large data plan.3) There are a lot of applications you can't get delete that are always running in the back ground. This doesn't help the battery life in my opinion.Minor annoyances include that when you set your backgrounds it crops the picture in a really frustrating way that often leaves the image pixelated.I don't really mind the camera, and the screen is pretty, but overall I would steer anyone asking me away from this phone. I just wish I didn't have so long before my next upgrade. I've even considered going back to my 3 year old iphone 4...Just putting a warning out to buyers.

I'll start by saying that I didn't buy this phone from Amazon but from costco.com instead since they have an online deal that comes with couple of neat things including an extra car/home charger, screen protectors and a couple of holsters (if you use them) plus a mail in form that will get you a car dock and portable charger (price was $189 plus tax/fees).So I upgraded to this phone from a Droid X that was on its last legs. While I loved the X, I felt that these new phones with the supposedly humongous screens would end up giving me a phone that was way larger than I already have. On release day I went to the Verizon store to check the phone out and compare the size to my X. To my surprise, the HD was almost the same width as the HD (maybe 1/8") and the height is not that huge of a difference (more like 1/4"). I think Motorola did a pretty good job with the screen real estate on the phone and so the ratio of screen to phone is a lot larger on the HD than on my old X. I also love the huge notification light and it's placement right under the Motorola logo. The fact that this has on-screen keys also makes the phone look so much sleeker and sexier. I know a lot of people are complaining about the camera but coming from a Droid X, it's a huge improvement and I also love the fact that now I can do video calls using the front camera and Google talk (software plays a part in how good the pictures are so perhaps a third party camera application will work better than the stock). As others have mentioned, the phone comes with the usual Verizon bloatware and although I can't uninstall the software, I can at least go into the App settings and disable them so that they don't show up in the tray. Battery life is amazing on this phone despite not being the MAXX. Coming from the Droid X, I'm used to having to plug in my phone because the battery would only last 8 hours MAX. This phone now lets me go through the whole day without charging with plenty to spare for anything else I want to do with the phone. Currently, my phone is at 52% power after being on for over 14 hrs and a screen on time of 1 hr 44 mins.(I know it's not a huge amount but that's normal for when I work) and having all radios turned on except bluetooth (wi-fi, 4g, gps). I also have several background apps running continuously. I really don't understand the idea behind this phone being heavy (it feels pretty light to me) as if it were a lead weight. I also don't understand how small peoples hands can be as I can easily reach across the screen with my thumb. Navigating around this phone is smooth as well.The smartactions are really great on this phone when they all work correctly. The reason I say this, is because for some reason, the location based smartactions can't seem to get an address to put into the system when I try to use location as a trigger. I've noted that several other people have this problem as well and that it might be caused by an update so I'm sure this will be fixed in a later update. The reason I don't dock a star for it is because there are ways around a location based trigger to let your phone know when you are at a certain place by letting you use as many triggers as you want. The location trigger just makes it easier. Plus, you can always turn off a smartaction whenever you want or override it with your own manual control of the phone.Overall, this is a great phone to upgrade to.

So far the phone has worked flawlessly. In comparison to my Samsung, the Motorola wins hands down. Long battery life, clear, bright screen. Love it.

I recently switched from a droid bionic to this phone and it was a terrible mistake. The screen broke within a week without having been dropped or sat on. I used to love the droids because they were more durable than the iPhones but this phone seems to break just as easily as the iPhones. This is not a product I would recommend wasting your money on.

I got this phone two weeks ago from a Verizon retailer. Upon getting home with the phone I started to charge it. Well, I attempted to start to charge it. It wouldn't take a charge at all. So Verizon informed me it was a defective product, and an hour later I was back home with a different one. The new one, wouldn't connect to my router at all. I got the same IP address issues that a simple google search will tell you a lot of people had. The helpful people at Verizon offered to charge me $50 to tell me how to fix it... so there is a problem with the phone, you sold me the phone with the problem, you know what the problem is, and now you want to charge me to not even fix it, but to tell me how to fix it? I had another modem, so rather than pay the $50 I set up the new modem, and had one of my tech savvy friends set everything up for me.You'd think everything was fine and dandy after all this aggravation, but you'd be wrong. The phone app crashed constantly and without warning. so after the first day I 6 missed calls, and 5 texts I never got. When the phone app would crash, everything would crash. Pandora would stop playing whatever song it was playing, the phone wouldn't ring, or tell me when I got a text, the ALARM CLOCK SHUT DOWN (yeah, that was a fun morning), etc. etc. Everything would be gone until I turned the phone off and on again, and then it would work for maybe 2 hours before crashing again, or 20 minutes if I was using Pandora. I would try and call out, and people couldn't hear me, and I couldn't hear them. The few times the phone actually rang when people called the same thing would happen. Then I'd get the notice that Application Phone has stopped running...I was told by people in the know that this is the last round of Motorola made Droids and that Google will be making them from now on, which could mean they phoned it in when making the last runs of these phones. I was also told that whatever the problem is, it would be a problem with any replacement I got. I just do not understand why this phone is so highly ranked on Amazon. I read a lot of reviews saying they got the phone on release day, so maybe, me being late to the game means they made the first few rounds with more care, but I can't wrap my head around this phones high rating.Anyway, that's my experience with this phone. I now have to wait 5 days with no phone at all to get the broken phone I had replaced. Thankfully, Verizon let me out of the contract, and gave me a refund so I'm only out the money I spent on screen protectors and a case.

My main gripe with this phone is that on the 2nd day of owning it, the phone shut off with 70% battery life and would not turn back on.  I was able to go online and find a reboot method and get it working again.  This morning (4th day of ownership) I just happen to wake up a few hours before I needed to be up for work and the phone was shut off again even though I went to bed with a fully charged phone.  I've been using the alarms on my phones as my primary alarm without problems for years.  Maybe I got a bad one, but I'm taking this phone back and going with something else.

Wow, first I want to say I have had my Razr for about 2 weeks now and it is tremendous. My girlfriend just got a Samsung S3 and I did not want to hurt her feelings, so I didn't say anything, but the Razr HD and the Maxx are just made so much better. S3's are made cheap and if you drop it you have a paperweight. Back to the review, I came from a Droid X which is a great phone, but omg this phone is incredible. First aesthetically its gorgeous, kevlar backing, and Corning GG (Gorilla Glass). I use a sleek set of Cruzerlite cases and its about the same size as an Iphone 4S and very light, I recommend that case. Battery life is great I have not charged my phone in 2 days and I am a heavy texter. Amazon has this for 50 with an upgrade so I say its a buy, because to me 100 dollars more is not worth a larger battery that I cannot change (yet). I rolled back to ICS just to test things and went back to JellyBean 4.2 and everything is rock solid although Verizon bloatware is not good, I had to remove all of it. If you are on the fence like I was, I loved my Droid X, but in the end the upgrade was worth it. This has to be the best Motorola product I have owned and I have owned a lot. No knock on S3, but If you are using a Network Extender dont get an S3 from Verizon, I got my 4G Razr to work with my extender(even though Verizon says Razr's are incompatible)with some fine tuning. I had an S3 before this phone and it was not compatible even when I rooted the S3, it constantly sucked my battery looking for 4g and the S3 even switching to CDMA only auto PRL will freak out sometimes looking for 4G and drain your battery.

Other reviewers talked about battery life. I'm getting 8 hours or so on a charge if I actively use it. Good enough. This is my first Android phone, having switched from an iPhone 4. I like Android, like this phone better than my iPhone 4. The voice recognition seems better, it does the expected things of a smart phone well, and feels nice in my hand.

This phone has to be one of the top 5 Android phones available right now.  One thing that made this phone stand out from the competition is the build quality.  It feels rock solid with its KEVLAR backing, Gorilla Glass, and a water-repellent nanocoating for added assurance.I've owned this phone for about 6 weeks now and the performance is 2nd to none.  Call quality is great even on the speaker phone; and the battery life is above average for a smartphone with this size of display and performance specs.  Motorola has done a very good job of minimizing their presence within the Android OS, while still providing some very useful custom apps, such as SMARTACTIONS, Circles and the Quick Settings menu.  SMARTACTIONS allows you to automate tasks based on conditions; for example if your battery power drops below 25%, it will automatically adjust the display brightness, and turn off the WiFi or any other feature you elect to change.  The conditions are not limited to battery power; it can be based on your GPS location, like silencing your ringer while at work, or based on time of day, etc...  "Circles" is a nice widget that displays information of your choosing such as time, weather, battery level etc...  With "Quick Settings" you simply swipe to the left from the home screen to access frequently used settings.As many other reviewers have stated, the one area this phone falls short is the camera.  Despite its 8.0MP rating, it does not perform very well in most environments.  My experience has been that pictures are grainy and colors are not true.  I was aware of the poor camera reviews before I purchased the phone, so I had an idea of what I was getting.  Although a better camera would be really nice; I have a DSLR that I use at events where I desire high quality photos so it wasn't a deal breaker for me, but for others it might be; especially because some of the competitors have really outstanding cameras.

Everything about these phones are great.  The battery life is awesome!  We had HTC Amazes and were lucky to have them last half a day without the battery dying.  Obviously this is a much higher quality phone. TMobile is the worst carrier too.

This is an incredible phone. My previous phone was an HTC Trophy that has great reviews but compared to this phone it should have gotten 1 star. This phone has been labled as having a less than stellar camera. Compared to the Trophy this thing is a million times better.  Very happy with the camera. Had a hiccup early on that forced me to have Amazon replace the phone but they couldn't have handled it any better. 5 stars to Amazon as well.

I just bought this device. Great phone. What can i say well nothing bad at all Motorola makes great phone and combine with verizon as a carrier its a match made in heaven. Love this phone, way better then an iphone. Keep up the good work guys...

Love this phone.  Great,  sturdy feeling phone with excellent battery life.  Easily makes it from 6am to 11pm with average use without needing charge.  Very responsive.  Nice screen.  Amazon wireless is absolutely great!!  Very pleased with price and customer service!!

I love the ease in working my way through the phone!  I especially love how thin it is and so light weight.  I would recommend this phone to everyone!

I will upgrade rating if a fix is created for the group E-mail mail function.  I talked to a rep with Motorola who told me when this phone was changed to the jelly bean ( who names these anyway) operating system the ability to create and send a group e-mail was not avail able.  They were not helpful when I asked if a patch was going to be created.  I am disappointed. Stay tuned.......

Jury is still out on this phone. It has a pretty good battery life. I needed something for my teenage son who texts, steams musics, and watches many videos a lot. A good battery is essential.  Since my iPhone 5 has the worst battery ever that was not an option.  The problem is that sometimes it does this wierd thing after charging where it does not turn back on without a hard boot (holding power and volume buttons). Verizon sent us a replacement but the new one does it too. It may be a charger problem.  My son likes the phone because it is a huge improvement over the Droid Charge. It has a nice display.

There aren't many current reviews for this phone (when I was getting ready to pull the trigger that made me pause) so thought my recent experiences might help some people on the fence.In the last six weeks I've gone through the GSIII, the Razr M and am now currently happily using the Razr HD.  All three were bought through Costco so I can't shed any light on the buying experience through Amazon.I got a great black friday deal on two GSIII's for my wife and myself.  My bride is not a tech oriented person but has really taken to the GSIII.  She likes the light feel etc.  On the other hand I found the plasticy feel and construction a real turnoff so I went back to Costco to exchange it.  The GSIII felt bulky and cheap but there were no other real options to trade in for so I chose the Razr M with a promise that an additional upgrade would be ok when other new phones became available.I really liked the M.  It's size, battery and functionality were great.  I really liked the kevlar construction...it just felt solid.  But since it had only 8GB of built in memory, and I was going to be married (on Verizon) to this baby for two years I was pining for a larger screen.  I really thought I wanted the Razr Max HD, but Costco doesn't offer that in their stores so I had to choose between the HTC Droid DNA ($199) or the Moto Droid Razr HD $99).I worried about the battery on both of these but chose the Razr for price, ease of charging (didn't want to pay for wireless pads)and expansion for music etc. (Razr's have extra memory slot....DNA does not)  I also wasn't sure I wanted the 5" DNA screen....at some point big is too big.What a surprise.  I simply love the Razr HD.  After a quick update to Jellybean everything about the phone is great.  The camera is fine....I've read the Jellybean update improved it's performance.  The look and feel of the phone is significant improvement from the Razr M.  Simple things like improved ringtones, a sleeker volume rocker and notification light are noticeable upgrades from the M.  And surprise, surprise the battery is really fine as well.  I'm not a power user but during  daily use I never go below 50%.  And the larger screen has been great.  Texting, using the camera, reading and responding to e-mails has been much improved.  I've seen some side by side tests that knock the screen compared to the DNA but for my used it's been really great.Finally the coup de grace occurred yesterday.  My wife and I drove from Chicago to Indiana for our daughter's gymnastics meet.  Using the same Verizon network, the GPS on my Razr consistently kept up with our movements....while the GSIII just couldn't seem to find out where  we were.  Throw in better call quality, better construction and feel and my journey from GSIII to Razr HD has been worth it.

The Razr HD appears to be a step backward from the Motorola Droid X.  What happened to the countdown timer, that was in the Droid X? The process, on the RAZR HD, to turn the Bluetooth earpiece off/on is very cumbersome - on the Droid x, there is a simple button to push while you are talking. To silence the ringer on the Razr HD takes more than two steps, while on the Motorola Droid X, only one step. There are too many steps to take on most all of the commands. It now takes two steps, just to turn the Razr HD phone off (power down.  It appears that the software writers, had no knowledge of the previous Droid X operating system. I guess that "HD" stands for how dumb!On the Razr HD, there is no way, that a user, or a Verizon rep, can add a pin number to the voice-mail call feature,  - on the Droid X, a pin can be assigned to the voice-mail -ie... *86pp#### - so when calling voice-mail, the user does not need to enter their pin number each time.

Ok, this is very nice "Phone", it has very good call quality, 4G speed, snappy action, long battery life and sleek design.BUT its camera is horrendous, terrible, worst at this price range.I don't understand why MOTO didn't invest in camera part. It's shame.And its screen has a purple haze issue, it is just a temporary phenomena and no fix.

In order to help Motorola build the best mobile phone possible, I'm writing with some brief pros and cons regarding the DROID RAZR HD.PROS:Motorola Smart ActionsPhone build/design (e.g. DuPont(tm) Kevlar fiber, Corning Gorilla Glass, and a water repellent nano-coating.)Long battery lifeSpeaker locationMicrophone locationRemovable storage (microSD)Stripped down UILED IndicatorScreen dominates most of phone sizeCONS:RAM (need 2GB min.)Bloatware (VZW grrr)Camera takes so-so quality photosNo quad core processor

Great product. I bought this out right to keep my VZ unlimited calling plan. I recommend using their chat or going to a retailer to move from 3g to 4g as doing the transfer online will not always give the option ( vz's outsourced support gave me that info) I haven't had an issue with it.

Wow, what a great phone.  My previous phone was a Droid X that I bought from Amazon Wireless 2 years ago for a penny.  I thought that was a great phone.  The Droid Razr HD is leaps and bounds better.The two most important things for me are Speed and Battery Life.  This thing is quick to load.  Most of the reviews say 30 seconds, it's a really quick 30 seconds.The battery life is great compared to my Droid X.  The phone was off the charger my first full day of use from 7:30 am to 11 pm and it still had 46% battery life, so 24 hours doesn't seem like a stretch at all.  I used the phone a good bit more than I usually would since I was still setting up the apps, re-arranging home screens, configuring Media Player, etc.  Played some games for about 35 minutes and did some reading.Most all reviews I have read and watched all complain about the camera.  First of all, it's a phone, who cares about the camera?  I think the camera is great when used with HDR (High Dynamic Range).  The camera takes better pictures than the 8MP camera on the Droid X.  If you want a high quality camera, get an actual camera.A lot of reviews that I have read also complained about the weight.  I guess people can't find anything to complain about, so they pick on its weight.  It's about the same weight as my Droid X.  It's actually less noticeable than the Droid X in my pocket because it is thinner than the Droid X.Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS) is definitely better than Froyo which was on the Droid X.  Motorola's Circles widget is cool, but unfortunately it uses AccuWeather as its weather source and AccuWeather stinks.  SmartActions is a really cool app.  I'm not a fan of Conversation View in Gmail and not being able to turn it off in the Gmail app is a bummer, but ICS's Gmail app is much improved.  Still can't turn it off in the App, but I can live with it. On the Droid X I used the Email app instead of the Gmail app for my Gmail account.The best thing about this phone was the price.  The few days before I puchased it Verizon had it for $149.99 w/ 2 year contract.  Amazon Wireless had it for $.01 w/ 2 year contract for new accounts and upgrades.  How could I pass it up.  Unfortunately it was on back order (I guess a lot of people couldn't pass it up).  Even though it was back ordered, I got it 1 week from the date of purchase.  About 2 days after I bought it, the price went back up to $99 for upgrading customers.I am very happy I went with the DROID RAZR HD.  The only thing I don't like about it is that the battery isn't removable.  I had to pull the battery to unstuck my Droid X at least once a month.  Hopefully, that won't be an issue with the RAZR HD.

Purchased as a gift for my girlfriend, while there is a learning curve for her as it is her first smart phone, she is enjoying the large screen and ease of use.

I accidentally got into the river with this phone in my pocket.  I soaked in the water for 5 minutes before realizing I had my phone in my pocket.  You cannot disassemble this phone like you can some others, so I just let it dry in the hot sun.  A few hours later & it was working fine.  I an not saying that this phone is water proof, but it is resilient.  I'll keep it!

I used to work for Verizon and we would get new phones every 3 months, so I've had at least 7 different smartphones in my life, and this one is my favorite.Pros--Beautiful Design and nice screen- Awesome Battery life, easily getting all day and if you want to set up Smartactions even longer.- Terrific reception, with a much smoother 3g/4g switch than previous LTE phones-Quality feel and durability with Gorilla Glass & Kevlar (and believe me I've tested out both of them)-Smoothness & overall quality and look- NFC works wellCons-The Camera is not great, unless you're in good lighting and use the HDR setting.-Personally, I think the phone should have more RAM on it. Not to say that it lags on me too often, however but I feel like it should have 2gb vs. the 1gb it currently has.No phone is ever perfect, but I'd 100% recommend this one to anybody, great phone

Phones nice ..as it should b for 600..battery life only 4 or 5 hours...which sucks..extra battery a must..or else it gets annoying

This is the crappiest phone I have ever had the misfortune of owning. How many stars do I give it? Zero. The speaker is worthless. The overall function of the device is not superior but inferior.

I have the RAZR Maxx and I couldn't be happier. Of course my daughter's delusions of Samsung & Apple being the only good things out there were quickly laid to rest. This phone really looks and feels durable, but what really surprised me was how zippy, the phone was and how the battery holds a good charge for not being a Maxx. All this hype with Iphones and Galaxy phones is just that, it's really due to really good marketing from Apple and Samsung that for whatever reason Motorola/Google hasn't matched. In my opinion these RAZR phones look like really sexy iphones not only do they have larger screens, metal edging, Gorilla glass and kevlar backing but the phones don't look cookie cutter shaped. As for the galaxy phones, they are just too loud for me, nothing interesting, but do have that glass feel if that's what your into. For the price, you can't beat this phone.

This thing shattered to pieces from the lap of my son as it fell to the floor. It's not all that sturdy. That's the bad news. The good news is that I had it replaced and now I can't send the broken phone back because the battery will not die. It's in the bag waiting to be sent and the little red low battery light has been on for more than a day now blinking on and off through the bag. If I send it out that way, the post office is going to think it's a bomb, lol.Way to go battery life! Just get a sturdy case right away and try not to drop it.

I've had a DROID RAZR HD for about a year.  Gave my wife my old one (DROID X) for her first smartphone.  When I saw Amazon had this deal ($0.01) I knew it was time to replace the old DROID X.  Now we both have the HD.  It's just a solid phone that runs the latest Android OS.  I'm not a heavy user, but my battery is seldom below 40% at the end of the day when I plug it in to charge, so I didn't need the more expensive MAXX. Slim, fits in my pocket and I hardly know it's there. Fast & 4G.  I like the Smartactions.  Just nothing to complain about it. She also gets more out of her smartphone now.
