
It's good, but it has some little gaps: the main screen does not rotates, only the applications. WiFi is not that strong, but is good. By the way, WiFi sucks the battery in one day or less, without it goes like for two days. Works pretty well with the PC. It happens that a phone call shuts down just when i'm answering, and it asks me to log the PIN of the SIM again, and then unlock the phone... it can be my SIM card, which is a little old, let's see when I get it working with the second chip. Photos are reasonably good, feels good in the hand, great sound, a little difficult to get the screen protector in the sreet (get it here better in one single purchase). I'll update it once I get my hands on all the apps and features.UPDATE: Not a month yet since I have the phone, and the screen is coming out from the frame in one corner. &iquest;How am I supposed to apply any guarantee in Peru, South America? It's a great little phone, decent speed, great sound, BUT IT'S COMING APPART IN PIECES!!!

Pros:- small, about the size of a dumb phone- light - might be lighter than a dumb phone- battery life nearly as good as for a dumb phone- two SIMs that can be separately set for voice/data services- OK GPS- Android 4.0.4- native email client that works fine w/MS Exchange 2010- OK sound- OK FM radio- decent Bluetooth- working tethering, both through USB and WiFi- truly unlocked - works with foreign SIMs- rooting w/o a glitch- significant on-line user communityCons:- cramped keyboard in portrait- little of screen left above keyboard in the landscape- no compass- no front-facing camera- no focus or optical zoom- tight memory- WiFi on the flaky side- sensitive to humidity- no Sony assistance outside of North America for st21a2If you waited for a smartphone until one became available where you would gain in functionality, beyond a dumb phone, without sacrificing in the phone's size and weight and not much in the battery life, this is the one for you.  It is about the size of my old dumb phone, a tad lighter and it retains 50-60% of battery life after 24h, even after stuffing it with plenty of apps.Like for many other products these days, a detailed User Guide in PDF may be pulled down from the manufacturer's site.  That Guide can also answer some questions you may have ahead of the considered purchase.  The box that my phone came in contained just a basic Startup Guide, besides a USB cable and a decent AC adapter.Note that a smartphone is a small computer, where the phone application (app) is just one among many apps running.  With more opportunities comes more responsibility.  Just like a PC, the smartphone needs to be maintained, with the prime responsibility falling onto the user, rather than Sony or Google. Bad updates can occur due to a poor connection or other incidents and the user needs to fix those.  Backups are advisable and the power button can be used for reboots.  If you are uncomfortable with computer maintenance, you should presumably stay away from a smartphone and stick with a dumb phone.The system allows for cut-and-paste, concurrent apps and for voice recognition.  The phone's GPS locator is in practice just a bit inferior than my separate state-of-the-art Bluetooth GPS unit.  The Bluetooth connection to that unit works pretty flawlessly, much better than for my netbook.  I have been successful using voice for communicating street destination.  Sound quality is reasonable.  Benefiting from the light weight, I commonly carry the phone around the house in my shirt pocket, or hanging from a lanyard, and working as an internet radio.  The WiFi connectivity is inferior relative to my netbook - when the WiFi signal deteriorates, the phone struggles keeping up.  At high humidity, such as after a rain, the screen can react capriciously to touch.  Wind can also be a factor.The memory on the phone is tight, but is alleviated by the relatively recent version of Android.  Still, you obviously need to get right away an external memory card, preferably at the 32GB maximum.  Not all memory is equal on the phone, but there is no point in occupying higher-level memory with stuff that can put into the lower level.  The Tipo comes with its internal space divided into the phone memory and sdcard. The external memory card slides somewhat inconveniently under the battery and is identified by the system as ext_card.  Getting the external card back out is cumbersome and is best done employing the end of a paper clip as a tool.  Rooting of the phone, yielding extra flexibility with the memory, went without a glitch.Auto Memory Managerapp allows to choose a more aggressive policy, than that the system's, of relieving system memory of the apps, producing a better compromise between the number of apps on the phone and the speed.  Installation of a couple of more apps, DirectoryBind (newer, better maintained app as of Sep '13 is FolderMount) and Link2SD (fat32/ext4 worked for me with the latter), both cumbersome to set up, allows to migrate to the external card, respectively, app data from the sdcard and apps themselves from the phone memory.  As a payback, the last effort in practice lifts any limit on the number of apps installed on the phone, without sacrificing speed.  The firmware seems to be more frequently updated for the international version of the phone, st21i2.  I eventually managed to flash the st21a2 phone with more up to date (11.0.A.6.5 instead of 11.0.A.1.12) st21i2 firmware, without any adverse effects, in particular without losing the US 3G service.  There is a significant on-line community of users providing advice on dealing with intricacies such as above.After you connect the phone to a PC, using a USB cable, the phone asks about installing software on the PC.  That software allows to synchronize contacts and transfer files.  For file transfer, the file manager apps exploiting WiFi are more convenient.  Tethering off the phone works fine for the data speeds characteristic for my location, both through USB and WiFi.The cramped keyboard makes it tight to type.  Entering of passwords can be particularly nightmarish.  To progress, you need to install theSwiftkey Keyboard.  The stylus ringstxtRng:)speeds up typing better than a simple stylus pen.  The keyboard in combination with the Android system does not make this phone much of a production device.  However, I managed fine to read PDF books in the landscape orientation.  For refinements regarding screen orientation, get an app named Set Orientation.  Over time, your typing adjusts to the space and errors become rare.The native email client is basic, but by relying on native server synchronization service it could communicate fine with the Microsoft Exchange system of my workplace.  The native calendar app also exploits that service and can synchronize fine with either MS Exchange or Google Calendar.  The phone comes with 5 homescreens that fill up quickly.  Unfortunately third-party launchers are unable to use most of the native widgets and some functionality gets lost w/o any substitution, such as an on-screen switch for Bluetooth.  Fortunately,Folder Organizersaved the day, sparing the need for a new launcher.As a headset, I recommend the Sony'sSmart Headset.  The smart controls pathetically do not work, at least with Xperia Tipo, but the sound is good.MH750headset is also a possibility, but its sound is on the mediocre side.  With a headset or headphones plugged in, the phone can function as an FM radio, with an average sensitivity.  Connecting an externally powered speaker, with virtually no connecting cable, surprising provides sufficient antenna function.  The camera on the phone cannot focus, in particular on smaller bar codes, so getting an add-on lens, such asmacro/wide-angleis practically a must.  There is no secondary camera facing to the front, nominally undermining Skype video calls.  The reality is though is that the phone lacks adequate processing power for handling the video calls.  They are likely to turn into hiccups if you attempt them.  Voice-only Skype calls work fine.The dual SIM design works.  You can receive phone calls and SMS-es on on phone numbers associated with both SIMs, but make calls and send SMS-es only on the SIM of your choice.  In my personal travel experience, the greatest benefit of the second SIM turned out to be in the fact that the foreign service providers often provide prepaid SIM cards with either the voice (basic phone) or data (tablet users) service emphasized, but not both.  When the latter turns out to be the case, I stick the cheap voice service card into one slot and the cheap data only card into the second.  Those prepaid cards tend to be valid for 1 month and the total cost unbelievably ends up usually being under $25.  On the internet, you can find info on the best deals for individual countries, ahead of any travel.When first time abroad, in China, and still lacking experience, I ran into a problem with the data service on the phone.  When I tried to consult the Sony Authorized Service about that issue, they refused to assist with the model (st21a2) marketed for North America.  In the end, the problem appeared to be tied to the APN setting imprinted (apparently on the first connection) and uneditable, from the US T-Mobile, there even for the SIM card from a Chinese provider.  As a warning, my attempt to edit the T-Mobile setting put the phone into some state where subsequent attempts to access the edited APN setting produced an error.  Rather than edit, you should add a new APN setting and best directly import one from the provider for the SIM card, under Settings>Xperia>Internet setting (Download setting for Internet and MMS).  I have since installed an app with a database of APN settings for all major providers around the world, that gets tapped automatically.Overall, this phone is a good compromise between size, weight and functionality.  We now have two of those phones in our household.

Wow, where do I begin.  The Sony interface is... well, it's lacking, big time.  It's confusing and hard to use.  Expect for frustration and long wait times moving between screens.  The keyboard is really, really tiny and very difficult to use.  I didn't anticipate it would be so difficult since it's not that much smaller than the iPhone I use as well.  Bought this as an international phone for my frequent travels and should have just spent more on a better phone (which I ended up doing).  On the pro's side - the build quality is fantastic, really rugged and has been dropped many times without issue.  Battery life is good and screen images are clear but certainly not retina type of quality.  Charge times are fast.  The only saving grace that made this phone bearable was putting on an iPhone style theme to replace the default Sony theme.  It's a cheap phone so if you just need an Android phone for software testing or that sort of things it's worth buying, for a phone you'll actually want to use though skip this one and go with something better.

I guess I should not have expected so much from this Sony since the price is so low, but I did. I've had this phone for 6 months and it has a number of issues.This phone has a serious problem with echo. When making phone calls, i hear my voice echoing in the background and the person on the other end complains about the same thing. I have researched a lot and it seems to be a hardware issue and therefore there is no solution for this problem. This is very very annoying.The other problem is that the touchscreen loses calibration often whcih makes typing very imprecise. I will frequently dial the wrong number on the numeric keyboard.The other day the phone started restarting indefinitely. It did this maybe ten times in a row and stopped when I decided to remove the battery.I definitely would have expected more from Sony even though this is a cheap phone. I've given this phone a chance but will buying a new one because I doubt I can get a refund after six months.

i buy this from amazon, shipping was pretty good but the product was not, i was excited when i open this box but after putting the head phone i can hear the echo of my voice clearly and the opposite person also has the same problem i dont know what is the problem with this item any way i returned and got money back. so beware of this.

Great phone but sometimes freezes when you are looking at data. Touch screen could be a little more sensitive. Great phone to text on.

First time look like ok, later, its slow for do a phone call, and in 3 months I see, nobody in my list contacts!!!!! erased or loose for this phone.

Sony Xperia Tipo Dual-SIM ST21A2 Unlocked Android Phone--U.S. Warranty...Sonyno to good no to baddddd gggg hhh kkkkk lkll

I rate so that the malfunctioning touch, calibrated wrong and the worst is that they buy from Venezuela and almost lost the warranty, I think the keyboard is too small or what is the same dual screen for no card is very I consider small sony is wrong in this model, I lost my money

This phone is good as described. Call quality, browsing, pictures, videos & sound are all great! Nothing to complain about. I would definitely recommend this phone.

The dual SIM feature of this phone has an 'auto-switch' option that makes both SIM cards practically works together at the same time. I used to have two phones. One for my US provider and the other for my international roaming SIM. Now, I only have this Tipo. I receive text messages from abroad through my int'l roaming SIM and I make replies through my US mobile service provider. How the two SIM cards works like having one sim card on a phone is awesome! I never had to use the switch located at the side of this phone to switch which SIM to use. It has a setting where it will automatically select what SIM to use for text, call, and data.This is the only phone that I will be using. If I will need a new phone, I will just wait or look for the latest version of this phone.

It is really very good to use a device and think that wow this is really smart programming. That is what I feel about the Sony Experia.  I opted to utilize the SIM#2 option and it was slightly unresponsive to the T-Mobile network, so I went into the APN settings and added my network. After I restarted the phone it worked beautifully. I made sure everything was set up and tested before adding the WIFI setting. This is key because you want to make sure that network is picking up correctly before introducing WIFI.The Walkman is a dream and I found that the charge is pretty decent because I played the radio most of the day and the battery life was decent. Well I have only had the phone for less than a day!My disappointment however comes from the size. I think it could have been at least another inch in length and a half of an inch in width.  It does not measure up when compared to other devices in the current market. The onscreen keyboard is so squeezed together that it makes it difficult to type anything. If I could have this kind of programming in the Sharp (Android) phone's body then it would be really impressive.I would not give this to anyone over 13 years old.Grossly overpriced now that I have seen it up close..looks really cheap!

This is my first Android Phone. I thought that I would be overwhelmed with all of the Tech-Stuff, but it is very workable, and easy to use. Men will really enjoy this phone because of it's size. It's small enough to put into your pocket, and large enough to read APPS. The quality sounds really is a plus. I love to receive calls because I have one of my favorite songs as a ringtone, and too many to choose from because of downloads from my music from my computer.

the phone is very touchy even when in a stand by mode i found once the screen had inverted itself backwards how and why it happend not a clue i have since bought another phone and will be switching as soon as possible

Sometimes it locks or reboots up when I'm using the GPS, thermal issue? The battery doesn't last me through the day unless I plug it into my PC at work to trickle charge it. It also gets a bit sluggish at times. I bought the Xperia because I can't get my hands on a Nexus 4 at a reasonable price and needed something in the interim as my old phone died.Some reviews talk about the phones' small size. Well it isn't very big, but I have fairly large hands and have never felt it was too small to use as a smart phone. And while the camera is absolutely terrible and it has no flash this is a $150 phone, I think this is a fair compromise to make to hit the desired price point. The speakerphone is surprisingly loud and clear; much better than any phone I've had to date.Unfortunately, when I plug headphones into this phone I mostly hear a lot of snaps and crackles and the voices I'm hoping to hear sound like they are coming from a speaker submerged in pool in the far distance. The higher the volume is turned up the less of a problem this is, so if you only use the phone in very loud environments (construction sites, rocket testing grounds, etc), or have significant hearing impairment, this might not be an issue. For me, this is the fatal flaw of this phone.

Until now it's OK. Let's see how it will goes 1 a a a a a a a a a.

If you like small form phone, this one you will love it. It's a Xperia, so it's great quality overall. Just one lil thing, you may have to buy a screen protection, this it's not Gorilla or enough scrach resistent, if it doesn't have any protection it will start to scrach for nothing. Little scrach, none visibility with the screen on, but anoying. Overall I'm really glad to buy this phone.

Why is there a lack of high end small smartphones? This phone has Ice Cream Sandwich Android, but only a 3 meg outward camera with no light. I really wish it had a compass and a slightly larger battery but I still love it anyway. I would consider it a middle-of-the-road between low end and high end. You'd be hard-pressed to find an equivalent size smartphone with the screen specs of this one and not everybody carries a purse for their giant pads. Some of us are men with tiny pockets! Tipo fits the bill and I got the dual sim version to boot (other countries always get the really cool smartphones from the same manufacturers). I am still winding down calls from my old prepaid TMobile-To-Go sim (full size sim) while giving people my new number on AT&T; (full size sim). It is neat to see which carrier has a better signal and some comfort in knowing I have access to two separate networks.It has passive dual sims. This means you manually select which sim you want to call out on. You can setup phone settings to only use network data on one sim or alternate sims or split between times of the day. The sim switch is right below the volume so I accidentally hit it at least once per day, then purposely hit it again to switch back to my main sim. The phone will receive calls on either sim at any time unless you are already on a phone call, in which case, it disables the other sim during that call.How's it run? I've had the phone almost a month and now run Apex Launcher and MagicLocker (very popular android apps) without any major issues. Only the home key has stopped responding as defined by Apex but that seems to be common with that launcher on other manufacturer phones too. I setup a gesture to open the same app as I defined for the home key, so no worries there (home key is not permanently broken). The proximity sensor works for on/off, it isn't high end enough to determine a more accurate distance. I usually end around 30% battery left at the end of the day using live wallpaper and an app that turns off wifi/data when the screen is off so it only updates when I'm actually using the phone. I don't talk much on it but have been trying different apps so I equate the cpu-battery usage about the same. For the given specs, this phone gets a 5 star rating for being a good mid-range smartphone.I would not hesitate to buy another phone off the web again from a good manufacturer. No place in town (one of the top 10 in the USA) do not even hardly carry Sony phones at all, maybe one store has one model, and it is not this model. And to manufacturers....there is a HUGE niche market in the USA for SMALL high-end smartphones!

This phone is a generic phone not original as described on Amazon site by vendor I bet Sony will be sad to see this product market under its name. While it is hard for Amazon to vet the quality of items the sellers should have more credibility and responsible on the items sold from their stores or outlet.  Very very discouraging to spend 100 plus USD for no service, please be aware of this fake Sony phone. Its not waterproof it has a light weak casing unlike really Sony Products.

Cons:the screen size is too small.Apps keep crashing very frequently.Buttons are not very evident, too difficult to use the power on-off buttonDisplay is average.No headphones in the box.Pros:Cost

My husband was looking for a smart phone that was compact, easy to use, and had features he wanted (gps, internet, messaging).  Great walkthrough for the setup, easy to personalize, and very good battery life.

Basic conclusions for the three phones discussed below, as well as some travel tips:Sony- nicest screen and camera, has dual SIMs.  If you need dual SIMs, this is by far the best phone for the money that I found.  The charger handles both US and European voltages for charging (like almost all phone/computer chargers), but it only came with US plug, so need a European plug adaptor (should be $5 or less).LG- Basic, reliable phone. about 1/3 cheaper than the Sony and Samsung models I looked at.  The LG phone was the only one that came with an adaptor for both US and European (not UK) electrical outlets.Samsung- No reason to buy this phone.  Similarly priced Sony phone was superior in every way. The charger handles both US and European voltages for charging, but it only came with US plug, so need a European plug adaptor (should be $5 or less).In a nutshell, these are small form factor smart phones (think palm of your hand) that use old (but inexpensive) technology to deliver very basic smartphone performance (not good for games). The main upside for the Sony phone turned out to be better screen resolution and brightness and a better camera than similar price/size phones.  The other advantage is that it is sold directly by Amazon, which means more reliable shipping times and very little chance of getting a knock-off, or used or refurb phone that wasn't properly disclosed.I purchased three different "smart phones" for a recent family trip to France (Paris and Nice, and some side trips), and I will compare them here.  They were the Sony Xperia Tipo Dual-SIM ST21A2 Phone (about $129), a Samsung Galaxy Y Duos S6102 ($127), and LG P350 Optimus Me ($89).All are unlocked GSM quad band phones, which is what you need for pre-paid service in Europe (LTE smart phones are still expensive, so not part of this discussion).  For a tourist, pre-paid service is the cheapest route, and you don't get any unexpected charges.  Using your US phone with an "international" plan is really expensive in my experience, especially for data.I wanted basic smartphone functionality, which included wifi, GPS, email, texting, and voice.  Didn't really care about the camera and wasn't willing to pay up for a phone to play games on (can use your US phone with Wifi for that anyway).  I have looked at the cheaper voice only or legacy feature phones, but they aren't that inexpensive (usually $30-$50) and seem to have reliability issues for the really cheap ones. Plus, if you think about how you are likely use a phone in a foreign country, being able to pull up a maps screen and pinpoint your location and find nearby food, medical, etc is a huge benefit. Also, for texting I wanted a keyboard, not a legacy phone keypad.All three phones performed their tasks reliably and competently.  The GPS is especially helpful when you are overseas and don't speak the langauge.  The GPS also efficiently integrated with Google Maps on all three phones, which meant I could use the full Google search engine to find restaurants or store places (useful if you switch phones and log in under your Google ID).One difference among the three phones was that the Sony and Samsung were dual SIM, while the LG was single SIM.  The SIM card is what lets you use a particular carrier's service and provides your phone's phone number, etc.  Having dual sim cards would let you switch between carriers without opening your phone, removing the battery, and also keeps you from losing the other sim card when you aren't using it.  I just used one sim card per phone on this trip, but if you were driving though different countries in Europe or wanted a separate data provider, you might want to have dual sim cards.If I didn't need dual SIM cards, I would just go with the LG phone b/c it had all the functionality I needed at the lowest cost.  The Sony phone is much nicer, though.  The Samsung phone was basically identical to the LG phone in terms of functionality, but it had an extra SIM slot.Also, battery life was great on all three phones.  When out and about, I typically turn WiFi off so the phone doesn't waste battery looking for wifi, so this helps.  But I run GPS pretty much the whole day.  I also set the screen to turn off on the shortest possible interval.  Doing this I got about two days of use (a lot of texting, emailing, moderate maps use, not a lot of voice usage) out of a single charge.  If you use a tone of battery, all three phones have a removable battery, so you could order an extra and keep it with you, but I don't see that as a huge problem.A note on signing up for service:I did try ordering a SIM from Orange from Amazon before I left.  This was a waste of time and much more expensive than doing it in France at an Orange store (I know b/c I went to the Orange store in Paris).  The Amazon SIM was $29.99 and included about five Euro of benefit- i.e. you are paying $25 for the physical SIM card, and then you have to go online and sign up for a calling plan.If you visit one of the many Orange (or another carrier's) stores in France, here is what I paid- For twenty Euro I got a SIM card with unlimited voice and texting for the month plus 150 mb of data and a five Euro credit.  I also paid ten Euro for an extra 500mb of data.  So for 30 Euro, I got unlimited voice and texting, plus a five Euro credit and 650mb of data during my stay.Also, rate for using your cell to call to the US was 0.09 Euro cents per minute, so the five Euro credit gave you almost an hour of calling back to the states.  The phone data plans do not allow you to use cellular data for skype, but you can use wifi to skype.To recap- buying a SIM card in the US- $29 and you get only a five Euro credit.buying the SIM card in France- 30 Euro and you get a five Euro credit plus unlimited voice, texting, and 650mb of data.If you must have a working phone when you land, you should order the SIM in the US and get it set up before you leave, but if you can wait until you check in to your hotel and then go to the Orange store it is a much better deal.  Also, I never found any SIM vending machines at the Paris airport (CDG), though I see them all the time at Heathrow.One more note- if you use an android phone, when you set it up, make sure you disable automatic and background refreshes (unless you really want them :-)  I went through 500mb of data in two weeks because of Android refreshes, and that was with WiFi on in my condo (I do self catering lodging in Europe).One more note- if you visit the Orange store in France, make sure you walk through the process of how to "recharge" your phone's plan in case you need to buy data.  You basically enter #123 on the phone, then follow some menus in French and enter your code.  But there are no English menus, so if you want to be self-sufficient, get them to show you at the store.

Very good phone, met all my expectations. was what I needed to stop using two phones all the time. thanks

It looks big but it is very tiny! I bought this phone to use in a different country, it works well but very small.

teniendo en cuenta las opciones que hay de smartphones de doble sim, este telefono es la mejor opcion  calidad precio

This item is very good for my expectations, I recommend it! It works fine... the manage is very easy! thank you

The data would not function no matter what I did, the phone is teeny for my huge hands (my fault for not checking dimensions), there is no flash that I can find for pictures so pics turn out horrible. No autofocus, focuses only on things very far away and nowhere near the lens. I would suggest finding something different. this wasn't worth the money as anything but an emergency call phone.

The screen does not respond most of the times i touch it, takes me forever to try and send an sms or even answer a call, i miss halve of them.Customer service was rude and not helpful, sent it in and they did not fix the problem.Dont waste your money.

It broke in few months. When you try  to have it fixed by Sony, it is impossible to talk to a representative. I hate it

I am very disappointed with this phone and with Sony. First, they take for granted that you are an android expert, because the manual leaves too many things not mentioned, beginning with the basics.Secondly, the keys are so small that more often than not you push the wrong key. Because of this, I wrongly introduced a password as a result of which now I cannot use the phone because it is blocked.I chatted on line with a Sony customer service guy who, although he sent me in writing the instructions to get the phone unlocked, I tried for three hours and it didn't work, Now I have to appeal to a cousin who is an expert who will help me with this mess.Worst tan useless.

Don't get me wrong, I do like the phone. It's lightweight and includes nice software&#8212;but the screen size was much smaller than expected...my biggest problem was that the touchscreen wouldn't properly recognize touch points, making it unusable. I'm happy to return the phone for an exchange of a working one, but other customers to be aware of these issues before making a purchase.

This phone has two serious problems: 1) touch screen is malfunctioning. If I try to dial a phone number, the digits turn out to be incorrect. I type 5 and it will show 8! 2) Dual sim is unstable. I lose the cell phone signal randomly, but the same sim card works fine in my Nokia windows phone, 3) the screen size is too small (but I knew that) for GPS use. Consider buying a different dual sim phone.

The product came with a defect sensitivity, maybe I was unlucky, than of more runs smoothly, I hope other people have better luck than me

I bought this phone as an affordable replacement for my dying Blackberry Pearl.  This model is very close in size to the Pearl, so it will fit in my pocket, meaning there is little chance I will lose it.Based on my initial experience I would have given it five stars.  Here are some of the high points:- It easily accepted the T-Mobile SIM from my Blackberry for voice calls, and the T-Mobile SIM from my wi-fi hotspot for data.- It's not 4G but I have clocked downloads at 200KB/s when using the 3G service. I believe it's using 3G when you see an H above the signal-strength bars.  This is undocumented, though.  The user manual only mentions E for EDGE and 3 for 3G, not H.- All apps I've downloaded from the Google Play store seem to work as advertised.  I'm particularly pleased with mapFactor, a free navigation program that uses downloadable maps, so you don't lose navigation when travelling through dead zones.  It's much better, for my purposes, than Google Maps.After a couple weeks though, I've had some problems with the phone.  Here are the major drawbacks:- Rebooting.  If you leave it sitting in one place where the signal strength is adequate, and it's hooked up to a charger, it will run forever.  But who buys a mobile to use it that way?  You take it with you, right?  I live in an area where cell service is hit-and-miss.  When the phone loses the cell signal, it reboots without warning.  Fortunately it comes back up in just about a minute (vis 3-5 minutes for my old Blackberry) and the audio player apps I use all remember where they left off so I can resume listening.  I've decided to put the phone in Airplane Mode whenever I might be driving through dead zones.  That seems to alleviate the problem, but I shouldn't have to do that.- Audio output.  With headphones it seems to work fine.  However, I also use a cassette adapter to listen to audio from the phone in my car.  When I plug the cable from the cassette adapter into the phone and try to play an audio file, it squeals like a teakettle on full boil.  The squealing stops a few seconds after I hit stop on the phone, so I know the phone is the problem.***UPDATE: I solved the squealing problem by soldering a couple 100 Ohm resistors across the audio leads to my cassette adapter.  Apparently the headphone output needs to see a 100 Ohm load for proper termination.Would I buy this phone again?  Yes, it is a good value for money.  If I had more money, though, I would have no problem bypassing this phone and getting something better.

The product was for my daughter and she feels comfortable with it. It was a good deal for the price paid

I wanted a good phone, nice and cheap, and of course you have to two sims, and sony hear my pleas and pulled this product, very good, it is something basic, but sufficient for my needs, I have another smartphone, sony xperia z , and that I use with a third sim for my greatest needs

Bought this phone in Jan. 2013. Worked great for three months and then started having problems hearing voice of caller. Now I have to put phone on speaker to hear caller. Phone has not been dropped or misused in any way.

Bought this phone because it was unlocked and its ability to have two sims. Dual SIM functionality would work if it was not for the other glitches.I do think that Sony hardware is a good quality for the price, has survived several drops on concrete surfaces.The software though is a disaster, had heard of the crappy quality of Android but now I have first hand experience and sadly paid approx $140 for it.a) The biggest problem is that it crashes intermittently when a call is received. A error message is displayed and all you can do is hit OK on it. There is no caller id nor any trace of the call just received. Very annoying!b) Android wants everything linked to Google and so most of the apps are useless.I would not recommend purchasing this phone.

The touchscreen doesn't work well, also I read in many forums that this problem is common with this kind of brand.

I like this phone. It has lots of features and a good compact size. The price is better than other phones with the same features.

This phone is of horrible quality. Sometimes it won't let me make a call. Other times it won't let me hang up a call. There are too many times when I have to power it down and then back up because it says I'm not connected to my network provider. Which causes the contacts to be unavailable for about 10 minutes. Then there are those precious times when during a phone call it will hang up on its own and then disconnect with my network. Just love that. NOT! Some days the touch screen won't scroll properly. The internet ability is almost non-existent. Most of the time it will try to load a page and it just stops half way through. I hate this phone. Don't buy one. This phone has totally turned me off of Sony products. I don't foresee ever buying another Sony product.

I bought the phone to change the annoying two phone carrying. For sure its useful read the whole user manual to the proper functioning before it becomes operational. Until now, the phone works fine. I hope it continue working that way (15 days use).

I love, filled my expectations and is functional! is recommended for users who want a simple and compact android phone

Living in the US I&#8217;ve had to buy all my multi sim phones (I&#8217;m guessing some were knock offs) from overseas and over the past years never been able to utilize the Smart Phone features that single Sims phones had here.  This Sony phone is being sold from Amazon and warrantee and serviced from an actual Sony repair or an authorized Sony Facility located in Texas.  One negative my phone when I received it wasn&#8217;t working with my US ATT service.  It kept dropping the ATT service.  I tried to update software over phone but ended up sending to Texas Sony repair facility where they update internal software and IT WORKS!!!!  It was a small inconvenience for having to send to get software update but well worth it to have a Useable Dual Sims Smart Phone, Usable in the US Market.WarmToTheBone

I will start by saying this phone is amazing. If one is concerned with monitoring the amount of minutes/text/data used this phone is perfect. It allows one to set a limit on these. The screen is excellent on scratch resistance. Signal pickup is exquisite. Earpiece sound quality is spot on crystal clear with no background interference. Battery life is long, that is with my use of talking, texting, and gaming the battery still has approx. 40% charge at the end of the day. Only using the phone for calls, the battery last 3 days. There is no lag in videos. The price is perfect. The phone is smaller in screen size but is perfect for any pocket with a clear detailed screen.

I needed a phone after dropping mine, should have invested in something a bit more business like...Fine for a teen

one of my best amazon buy, i bought to my wife and it is a awesome phone, works nice with all frequency here in Venezuela... i recomended it....

It's proving to be just what I wanted. Nice phone with quality. It is user friendly and has most of the features of the so-called top notched phone brands.

It works Great and had it less than a week...who can ask for anything more. Thank you very much guys

Great product for such a price. Perfect for people interested just in an easy and simple smartphone just with the basic features. Great design and default widgets too.

For the price it is an excellent telephone... It is not a GS3.. But if, me wanted a GS3 will buy me a GS3.... It is not also possible to compare against other telephones that double the price.... In this range of price it is the best.

The phone is more than I expected. The quality of Sony is ensured at the time I unboxed the phone. I can manage my calls and data easily, with the support of the android os. I recommend it.

The phone is amazing and so far I haven't had any issues with it! The only downside with this phone is that its very small in size.

Sony Xperia Tipo Dual-SIM ST21A2 Unlocked Android Phone--U.S. Warranty (Silver)First "smart phone".Screen defective and not seated well in the frame. Have to send for warranty work.Size nice small and light.Feels reasonably solid in spite of the plastic casing. Back cover a bit hard to pop off.SD card slot EXTREMELY hard to get card in and out of.SIM Card slot a bit hard to get SIM out of.Some "new features" of ICS seem missing.Would give 5 stars if the thing didn't need warranty---Update - other than having to pay outbound shipping, the warranty service resolved the screen. It was shipped back well packaged and in reasonable time.I am more than satisfied with the purchase and saves me money over buying a contract phone and data.I would give it 5 stars except for the lack of documentation and the fact that SONY Deadlined this phone for no updates. Still, it is nice looking, and even though the back is plastic, it has a reasonably solid feel.I have no need for the dual SIM at this time, but never know if I might travel and want to drop in another country's prepaid SIM.I might boost it up to 5 stars but really don't have much SmartPhone experience with which to compare this device.

I BOUGHT AN UNLOCKED PHONE FROM THIS SELLER, I EVEN PAID EXTRA SHIPPING FOR IT OF WHICH IT GOT HERE ON TIME. WHEN THE PHONE ARRIVED, IT WAS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH MY SIM CARD. I EMAILED THE SELLER FOR A REFUND, HE REFUSED  GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK AND ASKED ME TO CALL THE MANUFACTURER, ALSO CLAIMEDIT WAS NOT RETURNABLE. NOW I HAVE A PHONE THAT I CANNOT USE. IT WAS NOT  A GOOD BUY.  THEY WILL TELL YOU TO CALL THE MANUFACTURER.I DID NOT GET ANY REFUND.

I bought this phone for when I travel.  I have two US SIMs and don't like to carry two phones on the road.  I also travel to Germany frequently for business and one of my US and one German SIMs..The good:- Pretty good battery life with medium usage- Compact- Running Android ICS- Free tethering on ATT- Dual SIM- PriceThe bad:- Plasticy- Limited hardware means choose your apps carefully- Screen is small and low quality- not the smoothest execution of AndroidI set up the phone with key productivity apps only and a few games that run well with limited hardware resources so I can be productive and have some easily accessible time wasters when on the road .  I carry a 7&#34; tablet  for &#34;real&#34; entertainment.If you buy this phone and try to download lots of apps and the latest games it will be a disaster and a big disappointment.  If you think of it more of a Super Feature Phone than a low tier smartphone, it will be fine.  And the ability to tether means its a great complement to tablets and laptops.

Yesterday(Dec 4th) i received this mobile.First thing i faced the problem is SIM2 port was giving an error while dialing. (Connection error, invalid MMI code).I contacted the seller (TechUstore).Seller said contact Sony customer center.Today morning i contaced sony customer care, they provided the solution saying that Reset the mobile. Now its working fine. But first day i felt very bad.Second thing i noticed about touch screen, some times i am feeling that need to tap multiple times to open something.Remaining things are good up to now. I hope it will work.Finally the Brand name i am trusting and Customer care support is good.After one or two months i will comment more on this mobile.

I love the dual sim capability, as i travel a lot. Its processing power limits the power of android, but no high-end phones are available on dual sim, so this is probably the best choice if you really need the dual sim. I recommend to download some kind of memory optimizer ofrcleaner, as you may not notice that a lot of apps are runining  in the background. One should also be careful at installing new apps, you should try to put them on the internal memory, not the phone memory... I ran out of memory very quickly (google play has a lot of cool apps!). The dual sim seems to hurt battery life quite a lot, so I also keep recharging at every chance

Received unsealed phone. No warranty card in the phone. No head phones in the box.  Also in the box there was nothing to hold the phone. as it suppose to be. I don't thing i purchased this at tight price. It should have costed me 70$ without warranty earphones no wire to charge battery and loose packaging.Theres no provision to contact seller so writing in the review.

I have had the opportunity to test MANY ANDROID phones & I must say, this one WAS nice to play with & was wonderful WHEN IT WORKED. You can NOT use your own ringtones UNLESS you move them to internal storage & even then is IFFFY. Would suddenly reset itself every once in awhile (MAYBE at&t reprogramming) but also did it sometimes when installing a Google Play Store App. THEN, while listening to music, I unplugged the headphones & it reset but would NO LONGER boot. HANGS at SONY XPERIA logo. GREAT pocket sized phone, BUT, the first phone I ever had that broke down VERY SHORTLY after the 90 day warranty ran out. UUUMMMM INTERESTING,,,, UPDATE 3/24/13 - Had to use some EXTENSIVE programming help from SONY. But got phone reprogrammed & updated. WORKS AGAIN with same warnings above. HOWEVER, today I went to the store & had to use data. WOW!!!! Showed 3G & H(2.5G) on T-Mobile. SO YES !!!!! DOES 3G in select areas. NOT everywhere!! So there ya go.

This phone just broke after like 6 days of use... haha... the screen didnt turn on anymore so... I dont know if it was just mine, but i believe it is a disposable phone anyway.

I really wanted to love this phone: it was very small, was going to be very useful for traveling abroad and not having to remove the sim card. Unfortunately, the screen was not responsive, I had to touch some icons several times before anything would happen. It could have been a faulty screen, but I decided to return it.

I'm sad, I sold the product bad wine, served no screen and I have 1 week with the phone, I can use and I feel like I lost my money and my time

Interference heard during calls.  It's annoying when I'm talking about, because it is a shrill sound.  I do not want to spend more on shipping and more taxes, why not submit claim.

At the time of writing this review, Amazon shows two sizes for the phone: "6 x 4.5 x 3 inches ; 9.3 ounces" (that's the box) and "3.4 x 2.2 x 0.4 inches", which is incorrect (the error comes from the original Sony spec sheet).The actual size, shown correctly on some sites, is 103mm x 57mm x 13mm which converts to 4.06 x 2.24 x 0.51 inches.  It's still small, and nice and light.  Works well for those who want a phone-sized phone rather than a mini-tablet.Dual-sim is very handy, both sims on different networks are active to accept incoming calls and texts all the time (unless the other line is in use).  Outgoing network can  be selected for each call, but it's easier to change the default network with a quick press of the dedicated hardware button on the side (below the volume).  There's an indicator at the top of the screen showing the active network, and the signal strength of both networks.Either sim can access WCDMA (3G, UMTS), but only one at a time. If you activate 3G for one sim it'll make the other sim GSM only.  So not suitable if you need two 3G networks.Android 4.0.4 (can't be upgraded) works well on this phone, although due to the small screen size the text can be very fine on some apps. There's no compass, but the GPS gets a lock quickly and keeps it well, without using much battery power.The camera is, as I expected, very poor. No autofocus means it can't read bar codes which is a limitation (QR codes are OK).  This phone doesn't appear to be compatible with credit-card accepting devices from Square or Paypal, as far as I can tell from their sites.Battery life is good for a smartphone, a couple of days with wi-fi on and moderate use.  Removeable battery is a big plus.  There are some random reboots, for a reason I've haven't yet found, but they've been quite rare.This has replaced my Nokia E51, so I now have access to Android apps with a fairly similar size and weight to my old featurephone. The dual sims are a bonus.

This phone is excellent if you never leave a wifi area.  It does NOT receive data of any kind outside a wifi area.  Camera is nice but it is not able to send or receive picture messages at all, anytime, EVER.  It only allows blue tooth transfer of pictures.  It's more of a mobile home phone, just don't leave home with it.  The phone is small as described.  The screen is tiny as described.  The phone has wifi connection as described.  The phone does not work outside a wifi area... not as described.  It is a very pricey loud alarm clock.My suggestion... if you never get past your front door for any reason and have a strong wifi connection, this would be a great choice.  If you would like a loud alarm clock, this would be a great choice.  If you want a phone that receives data of any kind and you aren't located near wifi constantly, this would be a horrible choice.  It does hold two sim cards but I am not sure why.  Who wants two numbers on one phone if one doesn't even work to its full extent?  Buyer beware.

This was a very reasonably priced smartphone with dual SIM cards. I currently use it for my pay-go T-Mobile and later this month will try in the Philippines with a purchased SIM card there. I haven't explored all the features yet but have used Blue Tooth with my headphones and have installed the Audible app.The phone comes with many a number of apps already installed and GPS.

After extensive research and product comparisons, I decided to buy the Tipo.  Having owned the phone now for a year, I'm still very happy with my purchase.Dual-SIM Functionality: Thus far, I've experienced no problems switching between the my SIM cards.Portability: The Tipo is thin enough to slip into pant pockets easily and comfortably.  At about 9 oz., the Tipo is also fairly lightweight - great for those who don't like being bogged down with heavy objects when on the go.Battery Life: No complaints here - but YMMV.  I can usually go without a charge for at least three days as I don't use apps for long periods of time (less than a hour a day), and I tend to keep my Wi-Fi off unless I need it to browse the web.Price: For a mid-tier Dual-SIM phone, the Tipo is fairly priced, and strikes a good balance between its price and the features offered.Screen Issues: The Tipo's screen doesn't respond very well in cold weather, and it sometimes glitches and misinterprets the user's input - especially if you opt to use the Pattern Screen Lock feature.  This may sound worrisome, but I discovered a quick fix for these screen glitches - simply press the power button on top of the Tipo twice, and the screen issue should resolve itself immediately.Music Library Issues: The default music library takes an extremely long time to compile its internal memory after adding a song to the phone, regardless of whether the song is stored on the phone itself or stored on a memory card.  I'm surprised no other reviewers have mentioned this issue yet, as it could potentially be very troublesome or frustrating.  The compiling time could take upwards of 10 minutes (closer to 20 minutes when adding multiple songs).  While compiling, you cannot listen to any of your music!  As I mainly use the Tipo for apps and calls, a slow-compiling music library is a minor grievance I have come to accept.  That said, I can see this issue being a deal-breaker for consumers who expect quick load times for their devices.Durability: The Tipo has survived many drops and the screen is still relatively scratch free.  However, the top shell of the phone is  flaking and chipping away away with each drop, revealing a white plastic layer underneath - not the most attractive phenomenon.  Of course, if you never drop your phone, you don't have to worry about this happening.

Nor a bad dual sim phone for the money. The on/off switch failed after 7 months and is currently at the Sony/USA repair faciliy. I am surprised they took it back as Sony give one of the worse after sales service. Bad experience with my Vaio which I vowed never to buy Sony again. We shall see how this pans out.

the phone was nice but, die in less than a month, i never drop the phone i never wet the phone, i was making a call when the phone go of and never turn up again. dont buy this phone

I know Sony Eriksson since I used to have these brand in EU, and I never had a problem with them.But after so many years I am glad to see that they pulled out a really nice entry level device, at a very cheap price.The phone is really small; in the hand of a grown up adult you may probably have the feeling that it is just a toy, but it is more than a toy for sure. The screen is nice and bright, responsive, thanks to the quick processor and to the OS that is not the latest one (hence, does not demand too much resources). All the features are working great, and most of all, is unlocked. You can just get a pay as you go and enjoy a smartphone without having to drop 70 dollars a month for a subscription.Keep in mind that without a data plan you loose a lot of features, but if you just need a smart phone to make calls, and can send email and surf the web while on wifi, this is the device for you.Highly recommended for anyone that needs a lightweight device, to play games and run apps, without the hassle to get a new galaxy or iphone with a very expensive monthly bill.

This is my first smartphone and I don't push its capabilities or use it a lot. It's been fine for texting, voice calls, maps, and email. The camera is basic but that's fine for me. Battery life is pretty good. I charge it twice a week.

The ad for this indicated that the phone was 6 inches long - NOT!  It's about 4 inches long and the screen is 3 inches tall - too small for big hands!!!  As an android phone, it is very good!

good phone only a few problem i have with it and not so much the phone.Pros1.nice size2.could take a good fall3.dual sim4.Touch screen responsive5.sound is really good6. Battery lifeCons1.Wish it was dual active sim2.cant set audio codec for internet calling (that a problem with Android itself u can always download a app instead)3.Crappy head phone that come with it.4. most likely u will have to buy the protective screen and case online also5. the phone comes with 1GB space on phone for apps 2.3GB on phone shows up as "sdcard" for storage and then your external SD card show up as "eXt_card". Creating a small problem for me sometimes. When i want to store programs or games to my external 32GB sdcard. But their are apps for that

Touchscreen loses calibration, difficulty answering the phone and dialing a number due to touchscreen issue (screen will freeze and then will dial the wrong number.

I've just received my Sony Xperia Tipo Dual Sim today...Finished setting it up. It's working well with two different GSM Network providers(SIMs) of mine in my country(Nigeria)...I'm quite comfortable with that. Very innovative and handy, perfect fit for the pocket. It's pretty fast. I hope the pre-installed NeoReader app would be able to scan and read barcodes with or without camera 'auto focus.' Exploring...

good phone thanks you,goood price,it fast ,you can use skipe, and many aplications for android phones,i love it, really thanks you.

Great phone for the price.Lots of features and good battery duration, even with WiFi or GPS active, my previous phone couldn't last half day with WIFI always on (it was an old phone so I dont know what is the expected battery life for a current model)Though the size is not the smallest it is very light.The dual sim works better than expected, can receive calls in any of the SIMs (one at a time) without switching.The only negative points are related to performance, but again: Its a very low price for a good device with dual SIM support and ICS.

I say affordable, not cheap, there is a difference, I was looking to replace my old phone but i didn't wanted to pay my mobile company for a new phone, so this was a better alternative.It is unlocked so it works for me (T-Mobile user) just make sure to check if it is totally compatible with your bandwidth as I'm only able to get 2G, I don't mind since it's not a big thing for me.Overall is a responsive phone, I wish it had a bit more of internal memory as sometimes lacks space to add apps.

I bought this phone mainly because it can hold two SIM cards and uses Ice Cream Sandwich Android OS. I tried out two different SIM cards, H2o wireless SIM card and T-Mobile prepaid SIM card, both worked well with the phone. I am very happy about that. Sony Xperia website provides a very useful software (Sony PC Companion) for transfering contacts both from PC to new phone and old phone to new phone. I used the software to transfer over 200 contacts from my PC to the phone, the whole process only took few minutes, save me lots of hassle!

this was advertised as having a front facing camera which one could use facial unlocking to unlock the phone. this product has only one camera.I cannot access my contacts stored on my sim cards. it it not reading any contacts  from my sim. not what I bargained for. can any assist

This phone has everything you need. Enough memory of 2.5GB are in the internal memory which is pretty good for a variety of apps and some music. It is light and small enough to not really feel awkward in your pocket. Overall I am very happy with the Sony Xperia Tipo

Very good cell, Very comfortable and easy to handle,  long battery life compared to other cellular, good camera and very attractive design

I got the phone its really nice for me, i think whoever buyz this will have fun with it. I can use it outside US and its amazing

I have for 2 months no complains, its a good little phone for a good price, i bought for my son and he really likes.

It's not a terrible smart phone; especially for the price and features.  However after 4 months the display started to have issues.  Now there is a dime sized area that is far brighter than the surrounding areas.

Most phone connect to facebook messaging e - mails without having to be close to wi -ti this phone doesn't. do much except calls.

This was a very reasonably priced smartphone with dual SIM cards. I currently use it for my pay-go T-Mobile and later this month will try in the Philippines with a purchased SIM card there. I haven't explored all the features yet but have used Blue Tooth with my headphones and have installed the Audible app.The phone comes with many a number of apps already installed and GPS.

I got this for my kid. He is pretty rough with things and for this price I wasn't too worried he would break my wallet when I have to replace it. So far so good though. He has no complaints with it except the battery doesn't last as long as he thinks it should.

great phone,i have 2 simcards in one phone.no problems at all.arrived in great condition.packaging was great too!will buy a few units again

I've got this phone for my dad. After searching a lot I figured, this is the best android unlock smart phone available in market.Pros:Reasonable unlock phone priceUnlockExpandable memoryAndroid 4.0.3 one of the latest oneDual simInbuilt radioCons:Little bulky & weight approx 100 gm3.15 MP single camera
