
When I first got my HTC 8X I loved it. The phone is sleak, easy to use and works well for everything except one GIANT flaw. It randomly stops receiving text messages. You can send them and receive calls, but you won't receive text messages. Look at any of the numerous threads online by searching "HTC 8X text messaging". This is a basic feature and a huge issue. At present there is no fix for this - thus the one star. If they fix this, then I would gladly give the phone five stars. This is a universal issue with these phones and is not limited to just one carrier.

I looked long and hard for a new phone once my Verizon contract was up for renewal.  I've had an android phone and an iphone but found too many limitations with both (android is unpolished and the iphone lacks customization).  In addition, I needed a good calendar app that was sorely lacking in the iphone.I've had the HTC 8x for 2 weeks and it's been great.  The calendar app is a thousand times better than the calendar app in the iphone.  I use google calendar and it syncs fine (small work around required).  It connects to my car bluetooth (Subaru headunit) without issue and I've been able to put my iTunes collection on the phone with the music sync app.Overall, I'm very pleased with this phone.  It's fast, slim, and great for business and entertainment needs.  You can't go wrong with most smartphones these days but this one seems to do everything well.  I hope app makers continue to make new apps and support the windows platform!

best pone i have ever had. quick. all the basics for work. integrates well with our Windows server. office included..

I had the phone for a couple weeks and it stopped booting up.  I liked the phone - form factor, screen clarity and speed were good.  I could have received a lemon, but it does have me wondering - what happened to HTC?

If you're new to the smartphone game or if you just want to change up your experience a bit, you need to look no further than the Windows Phone 8X by HTC. With Windows Phone OS navigating the user experience, users who work with or own a PC at home will feel, well, right at home. Android, iPhone and BlackBerry users will find this refreshing, while first-time smartphone users will find this very welcoming.One aspect of Android that keeps so many users close to its heart is the ability to customize. As HTC also produces Android phones, they kept that in mind and offered a main customization right out of the box: colored handsets. If you want to keep it basic, they offer black. But for those who want to set their phones apart from the crowd, you can choose from a deep blue, a vibrant red and an electrifying yellow. Once you've picked the right device color for your life, you can change the color of the Live Tiles on the home screen as often as you would like.What are Live Tiles, you ask? I'm glad you asked! Your "Start" screen (the screen that is "Home" on your phone) contains tiles. It can hold as many or as few as you would like. You can pin people to your Start screen and even your favorite games. Practically everything on the phone can be shown on your Start screen.Other commonly featured tiles are a time/date/weather tile, messaging, mail and phone. But you're not common, are you? If you don't use your phone for that whole talking thing very often, then you don't have to display it. Leave room for what matters most in your life, like your photos.So why are they called "Live Tiles?" Live Tiles are "live" because they update. Of course the time, date and weather will keep you up-to-date, but so will the messaging tile to tell you if you have unread messages. Miss a call? Your phone tile (should you choose to display it) will let you know about that, as well.Want more innovation? There's more innovation with the Windows Phone 8X! If you like to take pictures, then the 8X is definitely a phone to consider. The front-facing camera is equipped with a wide-angle lens that helps you get more in frame. Don't worry about dim rooms either. With a fast lens on board, the 8X is great in low-light situations, as well.To bring all of the camera features together, HTC provided its users with an external camera button. Press it once to enter camera mode, press it again to take a picture. With so many people relying on their phones to be their cameras, why not make it something simple?However, if you'd like more control of the picture, feel free to dive into the vast array of settings available. I personally couldn't find a situation where the camera didn't take a great photo.For those who rely on their phones as a music source, HTC had you in mind, as well. Beats Audio is a wonderful and welcome addition to any and all devices in my mind. Plug in any pair of headphones and quickly notice the difference. I constantly find myself hearing new tones and aspects of songs that I've been listening to for YEARS. And if you watch a movie on the 8X, you'll find that Beats Audio brings you about as close to a theater experience as you're going to get when paired with a 4.3&#8243; screen.In short: If you're looking for a great new phone, then get thee to a Verizon store and pick up an 8X! I definitely recommend it.

This phone along with Windows Phone 8 OS is a must have. It outperforms every other phone I have ever owned by at least 100%. There are no other OS's on the market today that can out-perform this OS nor can they be personalized like this one can be. Everyone I show it to is absolutely amazed!

Great phone, but having problems with TMobile service. Can't txt people with Verizon and for an unlocked phone, should have come with directions, and explained what unlocked phone limitations were.

The design of the phone with its curved back and somewhat rounded front glass makes it feel really nice in the hand.  The dedicated buttons on the bottom of the phone are easily accessible and easy to understand.My first impression when I opened the box was "Wow" I like the color.  I received a California Blue model, reminds me of Lakers Purple - a plus in my opinion.  The other colors of the 8x look impressive as well, would have been difficult to choose if the choice wasn't made for me.Picking up the phone for the first time I was pleasantly surprised.  It felt solid, nice weight and the soft touch back keeps the phone in your hand nicely.  The buttons on the phone are raised just enough to find them without looking.  The volume rocker and the dedicated camera button on the right side of the phone and the power button on the top right are just where I am used to looking.The back of the phone has the speaker and camera and flash.  The speaker is loud and pretty clear when streaming music.  The rear camera is good and almost on par with the EVO LTE (which is amazing).  Front facing camera with wide angle lens produces nice quality shots while getting the "big" picture.My phone is not activated on a network so I cannot speak to the call quality.  One of my relatives reports to me that call quality on T-Mobile is outstanding.  Using my beats headphones with the 8x gave great audio.Bottom line is that HTC has followed its tradition of producing innovative, high quality phones with the HTC 8x.  It is definitely a solid phone with great feel in your hand and eye catching looks.  You will be happy if you make the choice to get one.

Previously I've owned a HTC G1 and a Samsung Nexus S.In my opinion the OS is pretty good.  It definitely feels better than Android, at least initially.  After you setup your accounts and get whatever apps you need, it feels pretty good to use.  The internet browser is pretty solid, and there is a decent reddit app available.  I especially like the automatic photo sync that happens with SkyDrive.  So I'll be out taking pictures, and the photos will automatically get uploaded to my PC.  I like not having to bother with cables anymore.One thing I don't like is there is no built in turn by turn directions.  You may have to buy an app for that if this is a must have feature for you :-/As for hardware, this device feels very solid.  One complaint I have is the unlock button at the top could be easier to press.  The screen is bright and vibrant and the glass of the screen feels great.  The resolution of the screen seems very high,  I can't see any pixels!I think WP8, android, and iOS all accomplish more or less the same thing nowadays.  So if you like the style of this OS, I can easily recommend this phone.

Find other, more thorough reviews elsewhere-- but for the money, I find this to fulfill all my needs quite well, and for 1/3 of the cost of the HTC One that I sold to buy it.4G coverage, etc.Also-- this is a GSM/CDMA phone. It WILL work on TMobile and ATT as is, unlocked, but you will NOT be able to send or receive MMS messages. Keep that in mind when making your purchases.

After owning an iPhone and an Android, I must say, I am rather pleased with HTC and Windows. The beats audio is fantastic, and the operating system is responsive and dependable.

Love Windows Phone, came from Android and work with iOS all the time.  Windows Phone is stable, but is still missing a few different apps.  Ecosystem is a little behind, but Windows 8 / Windows Phone 8 / XBox is a nice combination.  Feels good in my hand and love the screen size.  Quick smooth and easy transition.It was exactly what I was expecting.  Jumped right on Straight Talk in the U.S..  Phone was from the UK, so I had to download a few language packs, and a new keyboard, but took less than 15 minutes.I would say it was perfect, except the charger is made for U/K power outlets.  Don't know why I wasn't expecting that. Did come with a converter though, so I will survive.  Micro-USB isn't hard to come by anyways.

All of my family is a Windows Phone lover.. 4 Lumia 620's + 1 HTC 8X.I liked HTC 8x for better resolution, larger screen,  better camera, and slim profile - so I thought of upgrading one of the last remaining "Blackberry" with this one. I love the WP8 OS, and I've been using it since over a year and have had no trouble on any of my devices with Microsoft Updates/Manufacturer updates, etc.This phone arrived just on time, but I immediately noticed the box was not an HTC box. It was a generic box. With self-printed sticker on the box indicating it's an HTC phone. The box contained charger, phone, the sim-card-insert-pin/clip, headphones. No manuals.Also noticed that the screen-protector was not original -- it seemed someone may have removed the original and placed a new phone without much care - and left many streaks/air-bubbles etc.Nonetheless, I turned on the phone, activated it and setup using Outlook account. And phone restarted suddenly -- there was no windows update or anything. I thought may be I did something. I checked through Setup also, and it showed there were no update available. Phone remained on for couple of hours and then it would continue restarting every 2-3 minutes, to a point where it completely died. I could not power it ON.I returned the phone and received the full refund.My opinion of this *particular shipment*: This phone either was not an original HTC, or it was a refurb. Either way, HTC / 8x / WP8 are have never given me trouble until this phone. So again, the problem must be with this particular inventory item.Here is my review of Lumia 620: http://www.amazon.com/review/R22ZF0XAEUDTLL/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN;=B00FP2PE22&linkCode;=&nodeID;=&tag;=

I have to admit I fell for this phone's looks. It is undeniably the best looking phone I've ever held. Sleek, light, really great screen. I had been curious to try WP for a while, and I'm really glad I waited until the 8X came along. Coming from Android, I wanted something that was fresh, reliable and a little out of the ordinary, and I'm very happy with my choice. I had the choice of spending hundreds less for a Samsung GSIII or the Nokia 920 but I just don't like huge phones (not to mention the 920 was heavy as a brick).Pros:- Great look and feel, both physically and UI-wise, can't emphasize enough- Super light and right-sized for people who don't have huge hands- Has never crashed, but there have been instances where apps encounter an error and you have to exit- Smart enough to wait for wifi for large downloads- Super easy set up with Outlook and Gmail- Google contacts transferred over automatically- Outlook calendar syncs great, calendar notifications work flawlessly- Office attachments look better than on other phones - but don't expect to do any real "work"- LiveTiles are convenient, and you can "pin" almost anything to the start screen- Able to "hide" a set of contacts (such as fb) in your address book but still able to search through all of them- Option to view emails in threads or individually, as well as linking inboxes- Video capability is pretty good, but I don't use muchCons:- No good Google maps, chat, etc. since Google announced that they aren't going to develop any WP apps (sigh Goog, gone the way of conceited fruit company - they can go .... themselves) - there are some unofficial apps, but they are just ok- Lack of true notification center - LiveTiles are supposed to replace the need for one, but still wish there was a go-to place with summary of notifications- Inboxes take longer to sync - if I read an email on my phone, it will still show as unread on my computer for a while, and vice versa. No idea why they can't fix this, though new mail gets pushed instantaneously- Occasionally on calls I will accidentally hit 'Hold' or hang up - not sure why this happens, but I've never turned on the camera like some people have mentioned- Bing search is hard-wired into the third button, and will launch any where any how if you hit it. I'm lukewarm on Bing, it still doesn't give me good local search results- Lack of apps - this a big one if you really can't live with the apps that you know and love. I would suggest checking out the store to see which ones have WP8 versions. Even if some are official, they may not be as good as  Android or iOS apps. Hopefully this will improve as more people adopt WP, but I'm not holding my breath- For a while my phone was rebooting randomly, even after the so-called update fix. It wasn't enough to really bother me though, and start-up is pretty fast- Camera is terrible in low-light. Sigh.I haven't utilized the SkyDrive, XBox, or Rooms features yet, so can't speak to those. Day-to-day, battery life is decent and I can get >24 hrs with light use. I can't tell what the difference is with Beats audio, I think it's a sham (UPDATE 2 - see below). The things I miss the most about Android would be Google Maps and the confidence of knowing that there's probably an Android version available of any app out there. I'm a minimalist when it comes to phones though, so the 8X fits my needs. All in all, it's a solid device that will only get better as the ecosystem improves, and the OS is truly up there with the best. I hope that more and more people will adopt WP, and consequently companies and developers will take notice and start catering more to this OS.Update: Nokia Drive (voice assisted GPS) has been released in beta mode, also Google Maps is back. Haven't tried out Nokia Drive yet, but this is a good sign that things are finally moving along.Update 2: Pandora is now available (ad-free for the rest of the year!), and I have finally been able to test out the "Beats Enhanced" audio via headphone jack - I have to say, the audio sounds GREAT, appreciably better than when I plug my headphones into my computer.

I upgraded to this phone from the Samsung Focus I got 2 years earlier. In general I'm liking the phone, the battery life is great, Windows Phone 8 is a very good upgrade from 7.5. The case of the phone feels nice to hold. However, there are many small things which annoyed me with this phone:The power button is hard to reach! It would be even more annoying if my hands were any smaller than average, as it is I can just reach.The touch screen is not calibrated right for where the screen edges are. It detects my fingers as on screen when I'm sure they should be off, and often doesn't respond to me touching the start+back buttons because I touch it a smidgen too low down.The buttons on the side are hard to feel with fingers, it's hard to manipulate them without looking.The camera is hard to use, it is hard to focus + aim at the same time, and in my experience so far does not take such good quality photos in normal to dim light. (On the plus side the shutter response time is less confusing than it was with the Focus.)

I have had my HTC 8x for a few months now and I have to say it is a head turner.  It has the screen, processing power and camera you want in phone. It also has a great build quality.  I don't worry about dropping this phone as I did with my android or iphone. It feels right in the hand.  I would buy this phone if you are interested in a new OS or have to access Outlook/SAP/VPN.

I have been using a California Blue HTC 8X for nearly a month now and I must admit that while I was ecstatic by the design, I also had a lot of apprehension due to its fineness. The 8X is my first device from HTC that's so beautifully crafted, so light that I find myself very often weirdly caressing the smooth polycarbonate material. My other HTC devices that I've owned look incredibly bulky and rude next to the 8X. This is most obvious with the grey Titan II sitting next to the lively California Blue device. HTC, through the design of the 8X, clearly wanted to re-invent itself and they have succeeded.However, the HTC 8X is not perfect despite its eye-catching, flashy design. For a device that has a 4.3" screen, it is unusually tall. This is particularly noticeable when compared to the 4.7" Titan II. That's kind of weird when I have to reach the soft buttons at the bottom of the screen or the power button at the top. It requires much finger twist and a bit of Fantastic 4 Reed Richards elastic superpowers to use the soft buttons with just one hand. HTC should have gone with at least a 4.5" screen to make the device more usable. That's the price to pay to give the HTC 8X a gorgeous 1280x720 screen with pixel density of 342ppi. The Titan II is no match at this level. Photos are crisp; browsing the web is a pleasure.The front camera is amazing with its ability to capture more in one photo than any other phones can handle. It's just great to fit in my daughters and myself when doing video calls with Skype, but not so in terms of photo quality. But the pictures are still better than any other phones I've used though. The 8MP back camera offers good quality photos during day use and requires a little fiddling with the settings in low light conditions. That's not a real problem for me as I don't usually take photos after dark. Strangely, I find the picture quality on the 8X to be better than on the 16MP camera of the Titan II.The HTC 8X is definitely the most fashionable device I've used so far. Every time I take it out, it manages to catch the attention of all those around me with an incessant emission of WOWs. Well done HTC.

I got rong HTC 8x , my order was HTC 8x 16GB unlocked Black, i got HTC 8x 8gb Lime unlocked from At&AT, Whow can it be?

I love it. I feel the price is underestimated by $200, probably due to the lack of APP base for Windows Phone system. The screen is very responsive even when it's placed in the wallet phone case (therefore there's a thin film between my hand and screen). Using micro USB interface. Compatible with Huawei Prism headphone and charger. Nice! I'm a Traditional Chinese user, and I found it very useful to type in Traditional Chinese either thru Zhuyin Fuhao keyboard or handwriting approach to input the words.Even though the phone I got is Verizon phone, but it is AT&T; and T-mobile compatible. Note that it takes Mini Sim card.

My husband knows nothing about computers, but, he absolutely loved this phone.  Everything is large enough for him to see along with easy to surf around.  The best feature for him is always getting back to the main page.  It's a remarkable phone for those that are computer lacking but want a phone that easy to use and easy to learn on.

Previous Phone: HTC EVOPROS:-Feels very sturdy for its slim design.-Screen is large and really crisp.-The camera is incredible.-The OS is just...cool. The tiles, the smoothness, the general Windows experience is, in my opinion, better than Android(can't comment on iPhone)- and I LOVED my EVO.-I use Skydrive all the time for work and life, having items upload automatically is a nice feature. All apps work very good.-The button placement was strange at first, but I'm easily a pro now.CONS:-Will not remain turned off when you charge it which is just weird.-The Nav app is sub par compared to Google maps.-Sturdy feel, but! One fall from a distance and it's over. The screen is impossible to replace. Had a friend break his screen a week after he got his and I just broke mine after a couple months of use.-Very little support material such as cases, running carriers, etc. Definitely none in stores.-THE APP STORE. Maybe Android spoiled me, but there are cobwebs in the Windows Store. Going from iPhone and an Android device, you will cry if APPS are your big thing. You can't Instagram(I don't really care about that, but I did like looking at my friends' pictures). You want to track your Weight Watchers points? Good luck. Have a favorite running app? Sorry. Those are just a few examples, there's a ton more. It's abysmal.****TL:DR VERSION****: I have nothing bad to say about the phone. It's a fabulous phone, truly a great experience and well made. I've never had one real complaint about HTC, I love them. But buy a case/insurance ASAP. And if you want a phone that has an APP store with more than 5 things, you're out of luck. Right now the Windows Experience is like being the only person that listens to a hip band, but that band charges you $300 for a 10 second show. Since mine is broke, I don't think I'll be getting another one to replace it. But when Windows gets an APP market that rivals Android, I will return with excess speed.

Many messages are not sent, even when it says delivered not sure if its carrier or the phone itself. Googled it and many other people are having the same problem. Other than that the phone is reallllllly nice, always liked the htc 8x until this problem

incredible thin and with an amazing performance, great product. The SO is also excelent, great job Microsoft with WP 8

I ordered this phone very quickly when a seller offered it for 180. However, I forgot to check if it is actually 8G or 16G. Although he listed teh phone as 16G, it is actually 8G. I felt like s***. However, the seller was nice and we made a deal, so I kept the phone. HTC designed this phone very well. I like the shape, the screen and the speaker of the phone very much. However 8G memory is too tiny to use. 16G may be acceptable. However, think carefully if you want to store images, videos, some heavy games. I also realize There will be temporary files will generate as you have used the phone for a while.Hope my comment helps!

great phone! it works pretty smooth, is light and the OS is great. haven't miss any apps at the moment

I totally loved my phone for its short lived two weeks. The lock screen button got stuck now I can't turn it off, on or do anything. It is such a beautiful waste of 200.00. I am so disappointed. This was my first HTC phone. I am never buying another HTC again. I can't risk that much money for a two week phone.

I had a HTC Radar for year and half, Yesterday I just dropped it on a hard wood floor. My best buddy is gone. I went to T Mobile store if they help me fix this. They said no because warranty passed. I missed one of the best windows phone. I was so upset. Then I asked for the same phone but they said Radar is no more available in the market. So I started looking up for other windows phone.The guy there showed me Nokia Lumia 810 and convinced me to buy it. I bought the Nokia Lumia and spend the whole night with it. Man I was not even I was satisfied with 30% after using HTC. So I then today I have decided to return this back to T Mobile even though I will be charged for re stocking fee of $50. As Radar is not available I have to buy HTC 8X. Stunningly this phone is amazing. I started listening to music oh my goodness I am using a rocketfish 10$ headset. Amazing Sound Quality. Screen Quality is beautiful. Worth for every penny.My friends used to tell me about HTC. Now I am able to experience it.Note : This phone is very fragile and brittle, so need to be little more careful.Well done HTC.

Phone was an HTC 8X but it was blue the phone was also equipped with only 8gb of storage not 16gb. It works but not at all the phone they advertised.

Windows phone very good, but the battery life is not at the par with the phone.With a better battery life it would be a 5 star.

This is a review of the "Global" version of the HTC 8X.Performance gets 4 out of 5 stars. I would have given the performance a full five stars however the phone takes a while to boot up, other than that the performance is great.The material used for the back of the phone has a nice texture with good grip, it should be used on all phones.The sound is very good; especially with the HTC blue took stereo headphones. My one complaint is a lack of a graphic equalizer, however that is not a big deal due to the improvement of the built in audio. I personally prefer having an EQ to adjust so that is one area lacking from the WP 7/WP 7.5.The screen images are crystal clear and sharp, and the size of the screen is good.There is still a limit on the availability of apps, such as I Heart Radio does not have an WP8 app yet. The ESPN, Weather Channel, Facebook, and Twitter apps are very good, better than the Android apps. (with the exception of Facebook)I am pleased that this phone has integrated Windows Live messenger and Facebook Chat into the messaging feature as did the WP 7 and WP7.5, Android phones need that feature.As with the WP 7 and WP 7.5 contact sync is simple and quick by with signing into Windows Live, Facebook, and Twitter. (Duplicates are linked together and appear as a single contact on the phone)The back facing camera takes wonderful photos. I have not yet used the front facing camera.Having office on the phone has come in handy in the past as a college student.I do highly recommend this phone.

The phone is good. I bought the unlocked phone instead of a carrier locked phone because it was cheaper. I ended up getting a European phone with British English on it instead of US Englsh. I wasn't expecting that, but it only shows in a few places, so it doesn't matter that much.

I've had the HTC 8x for 5 months and have found it to be excellent. This is one of the best cell phones I've owned and is an improvement over my previous Android phone (with the 2.3 operating system). I love the clarity and responsiveness of the screen. I also like how thin it is. Battery life has been good. The back is rounded with a rubberized coating that makes it easy to hold. The operating system is easy to use. I have an iPad, so I'm not looking for an extensive app selection on the phone. I use it to scan documents (which are saved to Onedrive), send emails, text (using both the native text app and Whatsapp), update facebook, take photos, read the news and ... as a phone! It works well for all of those. As for playing games or reading a book, I generally use my iPad for that, though I have the capacity to do so on the phone. The phone's photos are very good when the light it good. In low light settings, it's easy to take a blurry shot. Nonetheless, the placement of the dedicated camera button is convenient. One small mark against the phone would be the placement of the microphone. I keep placing my pinky over the hole. Obviously, I just have to change the way I hold the phone, which is not difficult. But, I'm unaware of it until someone says, &#34;Why do you sound so far away?&#34; Then I move my finger and everything improves. This ranks as one of my two favorite cell phones. The previous favorite was a Nokia e71--which, after 6 years of use, still works! I don't know how long the HTC will last, but so far it's been excellent.

I was a little skeptical going into this after hearing about the lack of apps on WP8. I must say, though, that this is (in my opinion) the best mobile OS out there!WP8 integrates so easily and seamlessly into Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Skype that I still find myself in awe of the things they have done sometimes! Sharing pictures to social networks has never been easier, and everything backs up to your skydrive account automatically.As for the HTC 8x, the phone is absolutely beautiful, especially with the WP8 Live Tile screen up! I am still getting compliments on this phone. It's fast and fluid, and it just works. Everything is tied into a great package! It feels great in the hand, has wonderful call clarity, and a bright and vivid screen. The dedicated camera button works great!The only things I found annoying with the phone (at first) were the hardware buttons. They're flush with the device, so they're a little hard to hit at first. But after a while your fingers learn where everything is in relation to the phone, and I don't find it to be an issue at all anymore.In all, I came from the Samsung Galaxy Nexus and I can honestly say I don't miss that phone, or android for that matter, at all.

I was a faithful Blackberry user (and I still admit it) for a long time because productivity is super-important to me. Despite this, all the nice new devices kept tempting me, so I tried the iPhone 4S but took it back after 30 minutes when it choked on Exchange sync. Next I tried the Galaxy SII and I kept that for a whole weekend, but took it back when I got frustrated with not being able to move between apps easily. I just don't have time to peck into and out of apps like that. I was waiting for the SIII to come out as I thought that might be an improvement, but bought an HTC Trophy to test out Windows Phone 7.5 in the meantime, and I was immediately hooked due to how WP syncs my Exchange folders so effortlessly. I was able to move emails around on my phone and those moves would replicate on my work and home computers immediately. This saved me a good four hours per month in email processing, and was surprisingly far more powerful than a Blackberry in this regard. I didn't bother with the SIII and eagerly awaited the WP8 on Verizon as I enjoyed my Trophy.I was able to test out both the HTC 8X and the Lumia 822 in-store. The 8X is incredibly slim and it just looks beautiful, but the screen was slightly larger than I wanted so was seriously considering the Lumia. Then I took a photo of my kids with both devices while I was inside the store and with no flash. Honestly, the 8X photo and screen just blew the Lumia away. I pre-ordered the 8X then and there. I've now had the device for a little less than a week and I absolutely, 100% LOVE THIS PHONE!!! I got a silicon case when I bought it, but the phone itself is just so beautifully designed that I tossed the case after a couple of days. I love to just look at this device and its gorgeous screen. The screen is fantastic - you can't see pixels at all and the glass feels frictionless. I put a screen protector on though, and there was absolutely no loss in accuracy (my Trophy suffered a little and my daughter's LG Android doesn't do well with a screen protector at all). WP8 ROCKS. Live Tiles bring all my data to the surface on one screen, and People Hub sucks all my social media updates and organizes them the way *I* want them (no more facebook timeline - yay!). And really, that's the whole point. I don't have to go digging into apps - it's all right there. It's SOOOO much more efficient than Android or iOS. I can have seven apps open at a time and nine browser windows (maybe more, I haven't tried). That's real processing power in your hands.Skydrive effortlessly keeps all changes between my WP8, work and home computers sync'd, so I'm never without my current data. Switching from my Trophy to my 8X was simply a matter of logging into my new device - everything was there within minutes. I have plenty of excellent games to choose from. The device has a 'Kid's Corner', which means I can put all the games/apps/files I want into that location and keep their sticky fingers away from accidentally emailing or calling my business contacts. So useful!The phone is 4GLTE - blazing fast. I download 3M files in moments. No waiting for mobile web pages at all, and even slow/heavy graphics sites load within a second or two. There are many more features but I'll end by saying that this is hands down the most powerful productivity device I've seen yet, it's totally fun to use, and it's just beautiful to look at. I have the blue one, and after me waxing lyrical about it for three days, my wife is now getting the red one. I highly, highly recommend this phone :)

as for the platform, its not as gd as ios and android but this phone is really great in sound and camera. it can be used to push headphones directly which normally requiring amplifiers and the front camera can easily shoot 5 people in 1 arm length. loved it a lot

Amazing phone! Love the live tiles :). Android and iPhone seem so boring once you start using a Windows Phone!

4 stars because do not have a metal finish. Never less for the price is the best smartphone with windows phone 8, very thin and the display size is perfect 4.3 inches.

I love this device, just flat out love it. The form factor is perfect for one hand and two hand holding. The screen is fantastic for viewing videos. I have been missing the camera shutter button and so glad HTC brought it back with the 8X. The camera alone is a huge WOW for me. The quality of the images are amazing. I am talking crystal clear photos and videos. The front facing camera with the wide angle lens allows me to take brilliant self shots and I can have all my friends and family in one shot. I like to vlog and the clear video that the front camera can record is a huge plus for me. The audio quality is top of the line in my opinion. I haven't had any issues with hearing someone in noisy places and they can hear me very clearly. I also love the Beats integration that HTC did. I don't own Beats headphones but you don't need them to hear the difference. The high notes are clearer and the bass is ear bursting. I would recommend getting Beats headphones just to enjoy the full experience. I have not had any lag while using the device and I am what they call a power user. My phone is with me 24/7 and I am always on it. Having a dependable device at all times with awesome battery life is a must for me. Speaking of the battery life, I can make 2-3 days with light usage and 1-2 days with heavy usage. To me heavy usage is YouTube, Music, emails, phone calls, texts, etc.. I use the 8X for everything.

Came in a refurbished box WITH A DISCLAIMER saying its refurbished.I contacted the seller and they gave me the run around. Until I just gave up. These people are dishonest and are are misrepresenting this product.I was so excited to get this phone and when I got it and contacted them, they kept giving me the run around then told me to claim from Amazon as it covered. Now I'm stuck with it because its cost to send it back is more than the cost of the dambed thing.

The phone itself is great but the one I bought (Refurbished) was bad. I could not text to anyone. Phone worked with all the other features, but texting. I could get texts from people but could not send it. Troubleshot with the service provider and swapped the SIM card but same thing. My SIM worked just fine with other phones.

Apparently, this phone comes from the UK. So that means, as an American, I don't get 4g and a bunch of other s*** is different.

I bought mine a year ago. At first I thought it was great. The operating system is very cool. But then I started having all these issues with the sound. If I plug in earphones, for example, and then unplug them, the regular phone speaker stops working. This makes for very awkward situations - people call me and I have to fumble around for my earphones, otherwise I can't hear anything. I think it has something to do with Beats Audio, but apparently it's impossible to uninstall the app. When I called the lab (it's under warranty), they just told me to do a factory reset, and the email support keeps sending me canned responses. Their customer service is pretty bad. Now I'm stuck with this lousy phone (resale value is almost nil) when all I want to do is get rid of it and get an Android.

This cell phone is refurbished, associate a verizon. A other thing is the battery not hold by 1/2 day. the cellphone has nice looking but the battery is not extraible and is a waste of battery not hold the charge by 1/2 day.

I had been using a Samsung Focus (WP7) since it was released. When switching to Verizon this appeared to be a solid replacement, and while there was a lot new to like in WP8 I ended up exchanging the phone for a RAZR M.The main issue was that roughly 10/15 of the people I talked with had issues hearing me, and there was often static and/or echoing heard from my end. This was not an issue with either my Focus or my RAZR. All reviews I read mentioned excellent call quality so I may have had a defective unit, however as I already did not like having to exchange the phone I did not want to try another.Also WP7 had turn by turn built into the maps app, which was especially useful outside of the country as data could be downloaded over WiFi and stored for full maps/nav on a route without a data plan. For whatever reason they decided to remove this in WP8.One last thing is that if you were used to the Zune wireless syncing that worked so well with WP7, this has been removed as well. Most people will probably prefer the Xbox music and WP8 setup where everything is done in the cloud, however if you have a large music collection (~20 GB for me) the old sync method was far superior.Otherwise there was a lot to like about the phone. Hardware was great, with solid build quality, good sound output and a great screen. WP is far ahead of IOS or Android as far as UI is concerned, and its nice that the experience is fairly consistent across devices (vs the different launcher, slight app changes and bloatware on my RAZR). Everything works smoothly and while WP is missing a few of the key apps (Pandora and Mint for me), it also has some unique apps as well, and with so many quality apps integrated into the OS very few additional apps are necessary.The maps and syncing issues will likely be fixed with software updates in the near future. I'm unsure if the call quality was specific to my unit or not, however I did not want 2 years of having to talk loudly into my phone.

I bought this phone 3 months ago and today it stopped working. It was a new item and It was working perfectly but today it doesn't turn on and when I connect it to the charger it keeps rebooting every 6 seconds, and the seller doesn't take any responsibility either!

I had an HTC Titan II and this was a perfect upgrade.  I'm a little disappointed with the camera quality.  It performs poorly in low light and the flash won't work if the battery is below a certain point.  Oh well, all-in-all, I am very happy with this phone.

Phone wasn't even 4 months old before the screen turned black and stopped working completely.  Apparently when &#34;they&#34; unlock a phone, it messes with all kinds of electronic subsystems, creating a variety problems . Never was able to receive data on this one either!

It didn't last a year!!!! my phone was dead after 8 months of use!!! I installed the last wp8 update and my phone didn't work anymore!!!

Sometimes it restarts in unpredictable moments... I could not figure out why. But instead of this I must tell you that I love the design, the touch and the windows system as well.

This phone is game changer for me.  I have moved away from Droid (mainly cause I was just tired of using the same old OS).  This phone is fast, super responsive, fun to use, easy to sync to my computer.  I'm so happy I purchased.

I would of given it 4 stars but the seller BLUTEKUSA didn't send me the phone with its original packaging, instead it came in a generic box, with no manual. I purchased this phone as new so I expect it to come in its original conditions and sealed. No problems with the phone, everything seems okay so far.

NOKIA LUMIA 920The jewel in the crown of the Windows Phone. The Nokia phone has become her own merits in the most desired by users of the platform, which makes the Lumia 920 so unique from the competition?For starters, its spectacular display PureMotion IPS technology, which ensures a much higher response rate than that of its rivals, plus a high brightness even under sunlight and an incredible touch sensitivity. Its density of pixels falls below the HTC 8X, but instead offers a slightly larger screen coming up to 4.5 inches. On the performance side, processor and RAM shared with rivals, and stays at an intermediate point on the capacity of the battery, below the Samsung ATIV S.But if there is another feature that is special about the Lumia 920 is its main camera. Beyond its 8.7 megapixel, the largest of the three phones compared, which has led to more comments PureView technology is used by Nokia that offers quality in the photographs as had never before seen on a mobile. His system allows high quality photos in low light conditions and image stabilizer, polemics aside, substance ensures improved video recording from the competition.The dimensions of Nokia smartphone loses out, being the thickest of the three little heavy and quite unlike most of its 6.53 oz. In return we have a more compact look great all the design "unibody" inaugurated with Nokia N9. Care adds details, such as wireless charging sold separately.HTC 8XThe headliner HTC is all a sample of expertise and stand out very well against its rivals, with several points in which the lead.The screen is not one of the sections which emerged victorious. The HTC 8X offers the smallest screen of the three devices with its 4.3 inches, but it does maintain a great resolution of 1280x720 which give it the highest density of pixels from the comparison. Its Super LCD technology maybe stay a little behind the rest but offers more than enough quality. In their guts have the same processor dual-core Snapdragon S4 of ATIV S and 1GB of RAM, although in this case with less battery of three in competition. Storage also remains somewhat behind, with 16GB internal and lack of microSD card slot.Paragraph photographic eye, because, without hogging all attention wing that has taken the Lumia 920 in this issue, the 8X offers an 8-megapixel camera more than satisfactory, equipped with technology similar to what HTC has offered in its latest Android devices . And to complete the multimedia section, nothing better than to take their work with Beats Audio for great sound provide the terminal. Not to mention LTE and NFC connectivity it shares with its other two rivals.Despite seeming to be left behind by its smaller battery, less internal storage and lack of microSD slot, the explanation is found faster when we take a look at its small size. The 8X is the smallest of the three high-end WP8, but still thicker than the ATIV S, leaving its weight in a mere 4.59 oz. To this we attach a very attractive design that has received very good reviews from those who have had their hands in appearance and comfort.SAMSUNG ATIV SProbably the most enigmatic of high-end phones with Windows Phone 8. Samsung is superior in several sections.The ATIV S boasts the largest screen size with 4.8 inches they leave behind its competitors. Also, this comes with HD Super AMOLED technology so successful that the company has made on other devices. Instead maintains the same resolution 1280x720, leaving a lower pixel density than its rivals, although still at very high levels. Again we have a dual-core processor at 1.5 GHz and the same 1 GB of RAM, although in this case is supported by a battery of 2300 mAh, significantly better than their opponents. As for storage, the Samsung is the most flexible, allowing internal choose a size 16 or 32 GB and appending its possible expansion with microSD cards.The camera is perhaps where worst comes stopped ATIV S compared to the other two competitors in the high range. While maintaining the type with its 8 megapixel, lack of promotion by Samsung of the same rule we can think of as technological added special in this case advertise their rivals. The rest of the features is on par with its rivals, including the maximum connectivity LTE and NFC.That if, as a work of engineering the Samsung smartphone stands out from the rest thanks to its spectacular screen size in the body content thinnest of the three, with just 0.34 in. thick. To that we can add their meager 4.76 oz, almost on par with the HTC 8X, and you have a real beast of a body very content. Surely its design is the least attractive of the three, but that can be a strength that will help convince users who prefer a more sober style on their phones.I hope to help you in your decision with this modest analysis.

The HTC Windows Phone 8X is a sleek and catchy device. Has the perfect size for one handed use and a perfect soft touch unibody design to hold the phone with a firm grip. The phone feels really good in hand and the display is really crisp and high resolution one. Texting, Watching videos and playing games on the screen looks really good. The audio quality on the phone is really good as it has a built in separate dedicated chip for audio amplifying and has beats audio built in. The camera on the back takes really good photos and the front camera has a wide angle lens for fitting more people on the screen and can take HD videos as well. Perfect for video calling.Pros: Great for texting, Great web browsing, Long battery life, Great camera, 4G, Large screen, Touch screen, Music, Volume levelCons: none
