
this phone was awesome however it breaks easily but other than that it arrived on time i enjoyed playing around with it it is very easy to learn not hard to work at all i will recommend this.

Out of the box I liked the phone. It felt sturdy, Android offered plenty of customizable options, the graphics were crystal clear, and the Play Store had plenty of apps to choose from. But at least in the phone I had, the power hog apps kept crashing despite trying battery saver and task killing apps. I ended up returning it & got a full refund. If you decide this is still something you want to dive into, I ordered from Lightahead, a US shipper who treated me just fine, and handled the return great.

It's was fast for me to receive it and it was exactly le kind of phone I wanted. It has all futures of a smartphone. It can also take two sims cards which make me happy the most.

At first it worked really well and then it just did not work at all. People call e and the screen goes blank and a red light starts flashing.  I cal not make a call but can receive a call but it is not worth it if I can not see who calls me.  I can not get the internet that I pay for on it either and I have learned to write the seller and see if it takes 2G 3G or 4G before you buy it

I purchased this device because my success with another unlocked phones. First off the phone is not 3G which it says in the description of the device, but I decided to take the chance with purchasing this device since people said they were able to get 3G. I can not send/ receive picture messages. There is more than one type of i9220 being sold so if you want a 3G capable phone make it says that it carries the 2100 mhz frequency band. The phone itself is very sturdy and it is a verry nice sized phone. With these types of phones it can be either hit or miss. I am not agaisnt getting phones like this, but just to be on the safe side I recommend ordering the device through fulfilled by Amazon just in case you run into any issues within 30 days of receiving the device you cancel return it.

I use a straight talk and it was a little difficult to get the network set up but once i did it was good. The head phones jack doesn't work with other head phones but I don't use them anyway. The company agreed to replace it but I didn't think I was worth the time. I would recommend this company 100% and the Phone 80%.

This phone sucks. I've had it for less than a 2 months and already it keeps freezing, the touch screen goes crazy and it's harder and harder to make a simple phone call. To think that I paid almost $200 for it. I should have just brought a galaxy S3. It would certainly last longer. I'm very disapointed.

The phone language switches back and forth to chinese it also removes apps from the screen. Sadly the screen on the phone screen cracked!! and Im unsure if the screen can be fixed?!

I love the phone. It works Great I've Had it for a Year now and no problems! I've dropped the phone out of my hand,car, ect.. finally on the 4th drop it cracked now trying to find a new screen..  The phone itself is a portable hotspot so I don't have to pay for wifi at home I Just connect my laptop wii, kindle ect.. to the wifi on my phone:) I have and Will continue to reccomend this phone!!!

The  phone has too many issues, ear port doesn't work correctly, camera flash weak, screen freezes up and phone shuts off and  on by it self , volume low for media but rings loud. Sim card is hard to install.  Phone and accessories looks good and  expensive just not up to par. Will be returning. Only had the phone 3 daysI9220(N9000) 5.0" Capacitive Android 4.2 Dual SIM Smart Phone With 8GB ROMtoo many problems. Also hybrid phone case suggested with this phone does not fit. Ear port hole on the wrong side of the case. And volume button not in the correct spot.

This is a beautiful phone.  It's like a fake Samsung Galaxy Note (it's actually called, according to the box, "android note").  I ordered it because I refuse to pay the high $ for the real Galaxy Note or get stuck in another 2-yr contract.  Anyway, as I noted, this phone is gorgeous.  The problem is, I could not get it to work.  It comes with two batteries and an extra battery cover with a plastic case attached to it to shield the screen.  The little case is a bit flimsy, but the phone itself is pretty solid and feels good in your hand.  I took it out the box, charged it up, popped in my t-mobile sim card and wow, very impressed, it booted right up.  An hour later, the screen went black and never came back on.  Needless to say, I returned it and got a full refund.  My advice, to anyone interested in buying this, after market, phone, chose a seller that use Amazon as his/her shipper and not directly from the seller (which, most of them are in China and outside of the US).  That way, if it's an issue, period, Amazon stands behind it.  I have heard horror stories.  When I ordered it, I received it in about three days.  When I had a problem with it, Amazon provided a UPS return label that I was able to print and ship back, free of charge, right away.  My refund was issued immediately.

Perfect size, easy to set up, fast.  Everything about this phone works for me.  Just make sure you do a factory reset before loading on your apps.  No complaints.

The phone works as advertised. I did have trouble setting up internet access but I called AT&T and they walked me though the settings. Overall, I'm glad I bought this phone.

This is the best cell phone that I have ever owned. I have straight talk services and haven't had a problem with this phone since I had it.  Everyone that has seen my phone has wanted one just like it.

Excellent G Note clone. Super copy. Probably made with the same components as brand. If you are a geek like me you will spend extensive time figuring out operation. Cool challenge. Downloading manual for original helps but they vary due to trademark patents. If you cannot handle this issue, buy original from T- M for $400 or sign contract. I like it. Lolbuy provides very good customer service by personal messaging through Amazon. Remember this is parcel post from China. Remenber they make all US smartphones. Can not beat price! Thanks Amazo.

Very frustrating product.  I was hopeful that the huge savings would be worth it.  I guess you get what you pay for.  Chinese to English conversion problems.  Just did not work well at all.

So I got this phone thinking it would work fine but I was in for a rude awakening. The phone looks good not broken or anything it came with two batteries, headphones, a clear case, and the charger. The play store works fine but my problem was after I downloaded a few apps more and more app just began to appear onto my home screen so I got a antivirus app that didn't help so its just the phone. Also when I place a call the screen goes black and a red light comes on in the top middle circle at the head the phone and you have to take the battery out just to end a call and that's what did it for me that's not something I was willing to deal with so I'm in the process of making a return ill try and keep you updated any questions just ask.P.S It doesn't have a lot of setting options. . . like the display one you can only change the brightness and wallpaper.

I thought that the phone was cool until i played with it for like 10-15 min and then it started to freeze up and you would have to take the battery out just to make the phone unfreeze, if i were looking for a phone, i might try looking for another, unless i knew why it kept freezing up.

this is a great option for those how dont want to spend a lot a money on a phone, work really great come with 2 simcard andy gsm carrier and the best is 2 batteries, 1 flip cover, headphones, and Android os is awsome

First off, the delivery was awesome.  Got my phone in two days, The packaging was perfect, just as advertised.  In the box were two batteries, cord and wall plug, owner's manual (not very helpful, but none of them are), and a surprise.  I ordered the I9220, but a newer version came in.  It looks the same, but has more memory.  Great deal!  Also, there was a screen protector installed, and a cheesy plastic case that won't protect anything.  The phone isn't the fastest, but for the price it can't be beat.  This is a great phone if you don't have to have the newest, greatest thing.  It is also a great phone for a teenager or older kid.  I really love the dual sim feature; I travel a lot and it will be perfect for using outside the US.  There are a few cons; no cases available for it and no screen protectors are available.  Other than that, I am 100% satisfied with the phone.EDIT:  Ensure you make to our purchase through an Amazon verified seller; that is the only way to make sure you get a good product. Newisland is the seller I used. n

This Phone Looks Nothing Like The Picture And Its Huge. Does Not Fit In Any Cases And Will Not Charge. We Sent It Back 14 Days Ago And Its Still Not Been Replaced Because The Company Is In China And It Takes For Ever To Get Stuff.

I ordered 2 of these. They arrived on time they were not packaged well I pull the phone out and there were finger prints already on them. They are so slow. It won't let me download apps very easily. It takes about 10 seconds for the screen to unlock itself. Its awful. I will never buy a non brand name phone. The internet service is edge which is the slowest internet out there for a mobile phone.

Everything works.After getting it online with T-MOBILE it was ready to go. It's an ANDROID not a knock-off.People that are really into phones(I'm not) admire the hell out of it. I do know a good thing when I see it.Mine came with a nice case, AND AN EXTRA BATTERY, WOW.The features are many and I haven't used half of them.

Despite what T-Mobile will tell you, you need a FULL-SIZED SIM, not a micro-SIM.  Well-intentioned but incompetent customer service from T-Mobile on several occasions on what should have been the simplest of orders.Got the phone yesterday.  Very slick, beautiful, high-quality packaging.  When people review packaging, I always say "Who cares about the packaging?", but in this case, before laying eyes on the product, the quality of the packaging alone spoke volumes already.Still waiting for a SIM card to arrive from T-Mobile, but based upon reviews of others here, I have no doubt that it will work fine.  $50 plan from T Mobile prepaid will be unlimited talk, text, and data.I've asked a lot of carriers about tethering.  Even those that have "unlimited data" (which in most cases is a bait and switch) have a cap on tethering.  NOT T MOBILE.  Prepaid unlimited data, and unlimited tethering.  With this device, that's exactly what I was looking for.  I am a happy camper.REALLY nice machine.There's NOTHING about the quality of this device that says "knock-off."  Do not hesitate to buy it.Bought it here on Amazon from ProntoTec.  No problems whatsoever there.  Definitely would buy from them again.

Thank you for giving my money back. It was not the phone I wanted but at least I was able to send it back.

How can u see videos on the phone I go on facebook try to look at a video and it just loads and loads but dosent show any thing

The product has good features in her favor and some againstpro:1 - Two 2180 mAh batteries (not 2800 mAh as does the box) Made in Japan2 - An excellent and customized plastic protector, I think better than any of an S33 - Acceptable Processor speed despite being Unicore4 - Good reception and hearingagainst:1 - poor quality Headphones2 - The data cable that goes with the charger fell off the edge initially going to usb and had to solve with instant hits3 - low quality Camara4 - The android keyboard is really pesimo made&#8203;&#8203;, I had to install the switkey from play store to avoid throwing the computer out the window after installing all change significantly5 - Lose switkey keyboard settings when you reboot you have to reconfigureIn short, an acceptable phone for those who have patience to solve their faults and want to have an android phone samsung note size 4 but lower price and of course less progress and characteristicsRecommend improving the above mentioned details

The product was supposed to be like new. But the one I received had scratches on it and clear signs of long time use and wear. 6 mb app installation took me more than half an hour to download, even with wi-fi. My wi-fi connection is excellent, but if I move this device approximately 10 feet away from modem, the device connection weakens. Farther distance results in total connection loss. It has many more trivial issues that will make the use of this product all the more inconvenient. I recommend not to purchase this product.

pros:build quality : good. I don't see much difference with my samsung phone.call : very good quality.screen : good. very clear. the resolution is not excellent, but is acceptable at this price.battery life : excellent. it is better than my samsung phone. i installed - advanced task killer.wifi : works fine.Cons:this is a 2G phone! T mobile told me clearly that this phone is 2G. the internet is very very slow.GPS : it is just a joke. it takes over 10minutes to find satellite... but after it finds the satellites, it is accurate.update: i open the A-GPS function and now it could start navigating within one minute. will test more to confirm it works well.

Well, I thought it was going to be white and it is black, but that's ok because it came with two backs and it also came with two batteries. This phone does everything I wanted it to do and I am very pleased with my purchase.

I don't have all negative feelings about this phone or the seller I purchased from.  But I have to say- more bad than good all things considered.First off: there seems to be a lack of consistency from phone to phone (more to the extent that people seem to be getting 2-3(+) different phones which are quite similar (seemingly clones), and have the same basic features on paper- but which are not identical (not the same model).  At least that seems to be the most logical explanation to the various discrepancies between various other &#34;reviewers&#34;.BUT, I would have to say that MOST importantly (for my phone at least): the phone does NOT have an 8GB ROM!!!The actual internal storage (for the ROM- operating system) is ridiculously small causing ALL sorts of problems for me.  What it does have (or rather: what it did come with) is an 8GB microSD card.\A microSD card is NOT a/the ROM!!!My phone has no internal/built-in storage space/memory besides the tiny chip that the ROM/OS is installed on.  I haven't been able to figure out exactly how big it is for sure- but according to the info in the settings: 76MB are being used and there's 80MB available- of internal storage space.  So, if we just round that up to the nearest 10MBs...My phone only has 140MB of internal storage?!?!?!  Are you kidding me?!  I wonder how much RAM it's got?!Anyway, I'll add to this review at some point.  But for now I just wanted to let people know not to actually expect 8GB of internal storage space (besides the fact that the microSD card does technically go &#34;inside the phone&#34;.(That's one of the lines that the seller was trying to tell me to answer my question about the 8GB ROM.  I'm no expert, but I do have a good working knowledge of the Android platform & devices.No matter who anyone tries to twist things all around- the microSD card is NOT the ROM.  And one of the consequences of having to store everything on the microSD card (since the 80MB of free space left on the internal storage device is vastly insufficient) is that any defaults of any apps you've downloaded are reset every reboot.  Any IMEs (keyboards) have to be re-enabled and then chosen again each time you reboot (or the battery dies- which often happens within several hours of being on STANDBY mode- NO usage of the phone at all!!!!)

I got a brand new phone in a timely manner and it works very good, but pictures are misleading. Some of the pictures show two cases for the phone, none of which are included.After getting the phone I ask the vendor about these items and this is the response I got:&#62;The case is not free. you can check in the description:&#62;Package Included  1* Cell Phone  2* Li-ion Standard Batteries(3200mAh)  1* Stereo Earphones  1* USB data Cable  1* &#62;Charger.&#62;The case is not included.

I just love this phone is perfect you dont have to pay like 600 hundred dollars for a galaxy note .

The phone will not work in america at all. All its worth is calling and texting. No picture messaging and no data! I ordered this phone because it said that 4g and 3g worked. it should be stated clearly that if your in america that it will not work. i want all my money back and i cant get any of it back! A huge rip off!!! I'm so pissed!

It's a great phone, well worth the money if you're aware of what you're getting, a Chinese clone of a galaxy note. I love it.There are two issues though. First, it's got no 3g reception (at least for t mobile frequencies), but I think they state that in the description. Not a problem, I skinny have 3g anyhow. The other issue is GPS. This phone is manufactured by star electronics, I believe, and this is the second star phone I've had (previously had the iPhone clone, wasn't as good as this), and both phones have had a complete inability to get a GPS lock, ever. Very inconvenient of you're driving and need to find your way. Hopefully there's a fix out there for this problem, but I haven't found it yet.Those two things aside, like I said, it's great

i love this phone it is a god phone and i recumend it to everyone it doeverthig i need it to do

I was so excited to gt my phone it even arrived earlier than the estimated date much bigger than my other phone told all my friends about it such a good phone and you definitely can't beat the price

Would this phone work with straight talk? I dont know much about phones. but it looks amazing! straight talk has sim cards and stuff but i dont know much about it. I know that u can use at &t phones just want to know if this would work! any help????

This phone sucks! I thought I was purchasing a Galaxy III. This is an immitation. When I try to log onto any web sight the language is in Japanese. And I went to the settings I couldn't change it to English. Now I'm stuck with a product that was shipped to me from Hong Kong and the instructions on how to use the phone were written in German. And that's really jacked up.

I received this phone is a decent time frame considering where it shipped from. It is a great phone and have not experienced any issues...straight talk works in this phone and everything on the phone works android perfect. I am really pleased. The only issue that I had was it was all in chinese but was easy to change far as the internet. I would recommend this seller and would by from them again...as long as the phone continues to work like it is!!!!!!

the screen is pretty. very nice 5 inch display. the digitizer sucks. there was a strip of my touchscreen that didn't work out of the box. memory leaves much to be desired. with only 512mb it crashes and some apps (like snapchat,skype) wont work at all. all in all its an unlocked smartphone thats cheap. if you're in a jam and you need something nice looking without killing your wallet, this is an okay option.

Not for somebody looking for an easy to use phone, very slow internet. Won't connect to google contacts. I tried everything. May be good for somebody that has a lot of time to kill.

Before purchasing this phone, I had a Huawei Ascend two. I really disliked the android system, but this phone changed my whole perspective. There are a few things I don't approve of with the phone in general, though. 1.) The aux port isn't compatible with the normal ones. Therefore, I have to buy the Bluetooth device to listen to it in my car. 2.) It's only compatible with At&t or T-mobile. However, it is considered a basic phone when it comes to At&t service, so instead of paying $65 for 2GB of data, I pay $50 a month for unlimited talk, text, and web. Other than all of that, I love the phone. The front camera isn't the highest quality, but it's still good. I recommend it, just beware of how big it is. There's a huge difference.

this phone is great. I've heard so many nice comments about it. I heard that it is just like the galaxy note, and those thing are the best. I am getting mine on august 12th and I really cant wait. I've searched for cases for this phone but it's not many girl cases for it, but otherwise the phone looks good without a case. And for it to be a 3G phone it looks good and I know it works good.

I have yet to use the calling features, but I have been able to use wi fi and download apps it was pretty fast.  It has a big screen and it came with a flip cover case, charger and two batteries.  The phone didn't take long to charge either.  The only downside I found was that volume isn't very loud.  But then I listen to everything at full volume so it could just be me.  All and all good deal.

I was hesitant to buy this phone...the first one I purchased and had refunded(from another seller)  was straight from China...took a month and a half to get here and did not even power on...  This one came in 7 days as promised...powered up...and its beautiful! I am very pleased with this phone.  I cannot understand why someone would pay 500-600.00 for a similar phone.  This has beautiful graphics...apps work perfectly.  This is a awesome phone for the price.  I love it and the seller was spot on... I have Straight Talk and all I had to buy was a sim card.. no big deal.  I would recommend this phone.Update:  I bought my phone from PCTVSHOP  excellent seller...I put the straight talk sim card in tonight and slot one did not work...I was a little worried (this could be my fault)... I slipped it into slot 2  VOILA!  Perfection! the only negative is the camera...takes a ok pic but the flash is lame... but no biggie I have a real camera for pics...other than that...this phone ROCKS!  It keeps amazing me the more I use it.***Update*** ok I have been using this phone for awhile.... the camera sucks eggs...truly.... other than that its all good.  I have dropped it many times... it is a great phone for the price.  If you are a photo bug like me you will have a real camera handy anyways.... oh and I cant receive MMS pics ... I have tried to resolve it...not happening.  If someone sends a lengthy novella text...well that wont come through either.  But for surfing the net ... emails ... phone calls...all good

just got our phones on friday soo happy it only took 2 days to get to us! plus free shipping was awesome! had some trouble getting the sim cards in the phones, had to try several times and then finally got it in there~ had trouble getting them to connect to our network but called tmobile and they helped us out. so far the phones have been great! very happy about them~

Ok for the price. I used it for three months and that was it. I think I wasted my money.

It continuously delete my old contact automatically and could not connect with my google account, as a result all my google contact could not be accessed and couldn't synchronize the new contact to my google account as well. More so whenever make a call it's always showing out of 3G coverage, even in my house. I have been looking for a means to replace it.

Very nice looking phone. But that's about it. It was like buying a brand new BMW and come to find out it has a go cart engine. It could not perform the simplest of tasks. No memory and poor connection on calls and wifi. Took a chance even after reading all the bad reviews because I knew Amazon would stand behind me if the product was no good.

phones not as good as you think its speed not good make sure you have a 16 GB memory stick  if you purchase this phone

can someone take a picture of the phone side by side whit another phone thanks :)my dad want to see it

Pros*The phone arrived before expected A++++*The packaging was great to insure phone wasn't damaged. A++++*the problem adding it to my phone service, very easy to activate*came with all the extras as described*cameras are goodCons*the phone is actually 5.08inches instead of 5inches*the phone was black instead of white*can't really hear the other person during a voice call*can't find a case for this phone

i recieved my phone yesterday (aug22) with all the content it said came with and i must say i'm totally impressed!!! everything work as stated the web faster than what i antisipated i downloaded google play store and got all my apps i previously had on my old pantech very satisfied take it from me this is the real deal!!!!

This is a copy of Samsung Note but , the manufacturers didn't keep in mind about the software. This is a good looking phone outside, that's all.The problems include:1. The response time is slow, it takes few seconds to see the address book2. The screen is not stable, sometime you feel like its kinda flickering3. After it functioned for about two weeks, it started shutting down. Then it was working fine, but I didn't want to take any chanceSolution:Charge little bit more money to the customers and use more RAM and better screenI gave two stars because the return process was hassle free. I wouldn't recommend if someone is looking for a fast and 100% functional smart phone for cheap price.

Its a nice phone. Picture quality is not the best. Phone set up was difficult and instructions booklet was vague. Once it was set, I did enjoy the phone and thought It was a good product for the price. I would recommend this phone if taking pictures is not your main priority.

the phone worked. I DONT UNDERSTAND THE DUAL SIM CARD WHICH WAS A TRUE PAIN.i was trying to use straight talk. the screen when i typed looked liked it was cracked ujnderneath though you couldn't see the crack. touch was aweful. shipping was fast and here in two days. the phone is huge. it's like holding a tablet to your face to talk on it. i mean really? I was very dissapoinjted with this. and the bad thing is i didn't mean to order it! lol..... but i was excited to have a new phone. just save your time and money and go with a real samsung this is a knock off. and not labeled.

Phone worked well at first.but then later it started acting up.when ever I received or placed a call.it always sounded like a trainwas passing by.voice qquality wasn't that good.but hey what do you expect for the price

I bought this phone for travel through europe and russia , its is a piece of crap I used it a total of 5 times and it just doesn't work right it randomly calls china and half the time doesn't not stay in the language I selected it is horrible you couldn't get a worse phone for free!!!!!!!!!!!!!DO NOT BY THIS KNOCK OFF...JUST GET A REAL SAMSUNG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! please dont make my mistakes.......horrible phone ........SO UNSATISFIED AND THEY WOULD NOT LET ME RETURN IT TO GET A PROPER WORKING MODEL!!!!!!!!!ME AN MY HUSBAND WERE LOST AND TRIED TO USED THE GPS AND IT WAS GIVING US DIRECTION FOR A DIFFERENT LOCATION! i LEARNED MY LESSON NAME BRAND ONLY

Looks great .. but basic & has issues...people can barely hear you...u cant screenshot... the camera quality sucks...the internet is so slow...u can only download 5 apps then your memory  space is full

I thought this phone comes with built in GPS - If so why is it tryin gto use sim GPSwhat happened to the SD card it was supposed to come withHow can you make the applications right to the SD card instead of the limited RAM on device

Wasn't even close to what I was expecting. Service wasn't that good, some of the features won't work. Finally gave it to one of the kids to wifi on.

The phone meets my expectations and is actually the third N9000 I have purchased. I would purchase another one if needed.

I love this phone just wished it ws compatabile with verizon .. But I did find out that straight talk will work and they have great plans..the phone comes with everything as said .. still trying to figure out everything on it but its been fun exploring with New Play Toythanks sharon

I bought this phone trying to avoid the cost of purchasing the phone I really wanted which was the Note 2. Right of the bat the phone looks very nice and its pretty fast. The screen size is really nice, camera takes so so pictures it just depends on what mood the camera is in. I already noticed some of the features that are not available and thats the google search bar and google talk.CONSHeres the problems i had with the phone running on 3g1. I couldnt really hear people very well while driving and the voices of the people have high treble but no bass2. The phones dial pad doesnt go away even when you are talking on the phone the light remains on.3. Battery life off a full charge doesnt last past 5 to six hours.4. Gps was never found, it would say searching for gps satellite like forever.5. internet was so so, it would connect when it wanted to.6. No google talk at all and no google search bar, no gmail but you can always download Gmail but you cannot DOWNLOAD a legit google search bar or google talk, I know because I tried.7. When you text you will always see either SIM 1 or SIM 2 because of the dual sim card mode on this phone you have to select what sim you have selected on the phone, not a problem really but its just a little lame.8. ending a call is a little difficult because you have to turn the phone on before you can end a call.9. NO groups for your contacts list, it just doesnt exist.Pros.1. the phone functions fast apart from the internet2. texting is very good3. wifi works well4. the resolution is very clear5. the price is a lot better than buying the note 2and thats about it folks, all in all I rather just get my money back. The phone looks hopeful out of the package but once you get the chance to use it its really not what you thought it would be.

This phone looked ok for a few days but, within 2 weeks of using it, the touch screen doesn't work 100% in the middle of screen I can't use some characters. I can't type some characters, screen is useless, it doesn't recognize finger or stylus in the middle of the screen. That's what we get for getting a cheap phone.

This phone is more than I expected. it has all the features of a iPod and a tablet. I downloaded kindle and is able to purchase my text book and novels and get to read it right on my phone. is this cool or what!

I can't access the internet from this phone. I can't make or receive calls. I really was disappointed. I had to go back to my old phone.

my phone is excellent, i just love it. it does so many things im so excited.thanks so much.the technology is superb.

Order this phone from china, took 3 to 4 week to receive it.  Open it put T-Mobile Sim card and it fire up.  First the look of the phone is outstanding. I use my house or work wifi to connect to internet since my Tmoble plan does not provide internet. Internet is great from YouTube,  Skype, news outlet to bill pay. Great hd photo and video shot as well.It my first week of using this device  and I notice something  abnormal. After rebooting the phone, I notice the display was upside down ( like image of a word shown in the mirror). After rebooting a second time, the abnormal display went off. I notice this twice and every time, a second reboot fixe the problem.I don't know what cause the display  problem but overall , for the price I like this phone. I don't really envy anyone using the real Apple iPhone  or other expensive android because this phone does the same job but cost 5 times less .I will keep updating this review as days go by.

This phone is no good. should not be sold on the market. It has too many issues a new phone should have

I like the phone it works with prepaid net10.The camera doesn't take good night pictures even with the flash,but that's not the main reason I bought it.The screen is big which I can see better on it.

All was good at first.  I only wish I had noticed that this is a 3G phone and not a 4G which I have had for the past 2 years.  That said I was dealing with the phone quite well at first.For the first 6 days all was good.  Then on the 7th day it rested (DIED).  There was no reviving the phone.I had to send it back.  I am now waiting to see if a refund will be made.My next phone will be a real Galaxy Note II, 4G LTE.  Even though I will have to spend a lot more money I cannot contend withbeing without a good phone and take a chance on losing my data.These phones simply are not of the same quality as Samsung in any way.  And waiting on 3G speed makes me completely crazy.

But I love it and it performs beautifully....I have to hunt hard other items for it because they usually fit the note 2.The large screen is wonderful.

i just got this phone today and thought it was going to be such a awesome phone but no! its slow the internet doesnt work at all i tried everything and nope doesnt work! doesnt send or receive pics video and picture quality is horrifyingly terrible, overall terrible i do not think this phone should of been made!

i did alot of research and thinking for the phone but after two months of usage by a teenager the phone i great in quality of all aspect just what you would expect from a high end retailer

First off the phone is very nice, sleek, big and meets all the imaged mentions. The downfall is the phone wont connect to wifi, i cannot use my data and go on the web, there aren't many options to change things and customize the phone. Very disappointed, i bought this phone as a knockoff of the galaxy s3 and i got what i paid for. it runs nice and looks good it just has some problems and internet is the main reason for a smartphone! i would give it a higher rating if wifi worked and internet!

Great costumer service, the seller kept in contact throughout the whole delivery process and made sure to answer all of my questions. I would definitely buy from this seller again.The phone itself is pretty amazing. The biggest phone I've ever had. Screen is big, screen quality is nice. I might buy another one for a friend soon.

ive had my phone for almost a year now.. love it no problems at all. i do have a question tho. i dropped mine and need a new screen can someone help? thanks

I GOT THIS PHONE FOR MY SELF AND IT SUCKS JUST LIKE THE ONE MENTIONED IN THE TITTLE OF THIS REVIEW.HERE IN AMAZON SAYS IT IS 4G,BUT IT REALLY IS 3G,AND EVEN WORSE,WITH THE SIM CARD OF T-MOBILE ONLY WORKS IN 2G,MAKING EVERYTHING REALLY SLOW AND NOT ABLE TO MAKE VIDEO CHAT CALLS.THE RECEPTION 4G,IS NOT AS DESCRIBED  IN AMAZON OR IN THE BOX.IT HAS TWO BATTERIES BECAUSE THIS TYPE OF PHONE DRAINS THE BATTERY REALLY QUICK EVEN WITH ALL THE APPLICATIONS STOPPED.FOR SOMEONE THAT ENJOY MUSIC,USE IT LIKE GPS AND USE APPLICATIONS,IS NO GOOD BECAUSE IT DRAIN THE BATTERY RIGHT AWAY,

I purchased from keydroper on Friday, January 11th. it shipped on the 15th and I received it on the 28th. wayyyyy before the estimated dates of Feb 7th -26th. that, alone, made me pretty happy. I'm writing this review on Wed. January 31st . when I got it, it was packaged very tightly in bubble wrap and tape (this is a good thing) it included 2 batteries, set of headphones, a clear case, another case with protective flap for front of phone. and also a charger, however , the one included in my package stopped working the very first day. luckily, I have others to use.I honestly love the phone. I was nervous about it, not being sure it would work properly. I put my at&t; sim and my T-Mobile sim in, didn't have to change a single setting for them to work perfectly . it really is a pretty big phone. I'm not into all the exact schematics and whatnot but my sister has the galaxy 3 and my screen is slightly larger than hers.the camera is without a doubt.....horrible LOL but I can overlook that. overall, I'm very pleased so far. it's only been a few days....UPDATE: this phone does not support adobe flash player????? I was surprised by that. but maybe not really lol. LED light? non-existent... battery life? so-so...I'm still trying to be able to watch movies and TV shows on it...

Bought phone for my daughter and she loves it,  does everything she wanted and more , thanks awesome phone for my teenage daughter

The phone I got is not the one pictured (black) but it works fine. Processor runs a little slow but it's a nice find. Thanks

It is not like the Samsung note but ok for the money. Small memory and also too slow. a little...

i have done research on this phone....I was very discourage.. but the phone is a great phone but sadly by the 3rd day I cracked my screen...still worked fine but now I'm here again ordering a second phone... hopefully my case will finally come in the mail

This phone is great, but battery drains really fast, unable to send or receive picture text, phone takes forever to fully charge.

It's slow and it lights up without me touching it. It has good memory and it has slow internet access

Ok, So I have been reading the reviews on this phone and it seems like a great product for a great price.  I have straightalk and on one of the reviews I read that you could use this phone with Straightalk.  I sent a message to the seller with a few questions and he simply responded with telling me this phone and the others I had questions on was not for me.  No reason or explanation and not one answer to any of my questions.  I have heard great reviews about the seller but I was very disappointed with his lack of knowledge in helping me.  SO please someone tell me CAN I USE THIS PHONE WITH STRAIGTALK AND IS IT TRULY AS GOOD AS EVERYONE SAYS?????  Thank you!!UPDATE, Yes I have changed my review.  I received my phone yesterday and it is up and running.  It is a bit slow but I am hoping that improves.  It came with everything and it is beautiful.  I am still learning some things and I am hoping that it continues to run so smoothly.  It is not perfect but pretty darn close for the wonderful price.  I look forward to learning more and more about it.

I want a nother order thast was fast love the phones I need a referance number I have a discout referal

this  phone has not work right from the begging ,drop call,receltion bad, this is not a good phone !!!!!!not a good phone

I don't like that fact that you can't reply all on a text message. You have to input every name/number you want to send the message to when replying. I also don't like the fact that you can't link peoples name and numbers with their facebook accounts. I had that ability with previous phones. I also don't like that it doesn't have the swype feature for texting. However I do like the size of the phone. I'm considering returning the phone because I feel like I downgraded instead of upgrading. The only positive to the phone is the size.

The delivery was sooner than I was originally led to believe so that was good.I'm enjoying the phone and have no problems with it. I was not familiar with dual-SIM phones but it sure makes it easier to port from one carrier to another as long as the SIM cards work in the new phone. In this case, the AT&T; SIM and the StraightTalk SIM both worked fine.My only small issue is that there's no S-Pen. Also, the device size is slightly different than a Samsung Note III so cases and such can be a little challenging.  It is bigger than my flip phone was, so sometimes I feel a little weird holding it to my ear (not strictly an issue with this phone as any phablet would be similarly sized). However, the bluetooth headset works perfectly.Maybe someone that needs tech support should make other arrangements as this clone is made in China and I have no idea how to contact or speak with any technical folks affiliated with the manufacturer.

Hi everyone. I received my phone about three weeks faster than I had expected. I have now had it for about 10 days and it is wonderful. The screen is 5 inches like the ad says, touch screen works great, I have by now put a number of apps on it and am able to access them easily. My kids also have their apps on it and also games and they use it often to play their games. I even had a question about the phone and emailed the seller- NEWISLAND and they responded to my question in less than 12 hours. Also when I first ordered the phone, I wanted a black instead of white one and all I did was email the seller after I had paid for the phone and again they emailed me back within a few hours to tell me that they will send me a Black phone. The phone is unlocked and works great with my Family Mobile- Walmart Plan. Overall I am very satisfied with the phone and will be buying one or two more as gifts for my family members. For the price that I paid- $140, I got the best of deals ever. I am also very impressed with the rapid response from the seller when I email him with questions or concerns. Thank you NEWISLAND

Good phone for what it is. Was not Android 4.0 as described but rather 2.3.5 (Gingerbread). Does not come with SD card. If you just need a phone, this phone works. But if you really want android 4.0 and other features look else where.

Beautiful phone ,works great. My friends are so jealous of the great deal I had gotten. I'm telling everyone about this phone.

It works as a phone but will not display pictures in mms, and is very difficult to use google play store. Also having issues locating this 8 gig, no memory shows without using a card.

Update (April 2013)Both phones that my wife and I are using are still working somewhat OK. We are learning to live with it. 3 months into it.Cons:Shuts off without warning. This has been happening on a daily basis for my wife and perhaps once a week for me.We sync our contacts with Outlook. Microsoft always has to 'help' us out by putting parenthesis around the area code. This phone comes to a grinding halt when you try to send a Text message to a phone number that has a parenthesis in it! MAJOR PAIN. This is a pathetic drawback for a "Smartphone".Finding a Contact on the phone and dialing it is not so intuitive. My HTC was better. Again, for a "Smartphone" it is still in the dumb category.Gets a little over zealous in letting you know that there is no SIM card in Slot 2 etc. Gee... thanks!Have used it in 3 countries in 3 continents so far and working OK.I ended up getting 2 of these (1 for my wife and myself)I travel internationally a lot and live out of 2 countriesStrangely enough the first one I ordered, from the color of the model on the screen I thought I was ordering a Black unit and ended up receiving a White one. I had to send a note to the Seller on the 2nd one requesting a Black one. Received a very prompt response to this and the order was filled correctly. The phone was shipped from Hong Kong and took about 10 days to arrive in Michigan. They did beat the estimated Shipping time by a couple of weeks which I was grateful for.Comes with dual SIM. One says WCDMA and GSM, the other is just GSM. I assumed that I could use a CDMA service on the one. I was with T-Mobile in the US which had lousy to no coverage in the place where I live in Michigan. I wanted to get a Verizon (CDMA) SIM and port my number. I went over to the Verizon store and got the following response...Verizon - They first asked for the IMEI number of the phone. When I shared that, they said that Verizon does not support that IMEI # and therefore I could not have Verizon service. This came as a rude shock.Not to be outdone, I thought I would go over to Sprint and try my luck there.Sprint - I stopped at a Sprint store and asked for a SIM. I am not making this up. The lady at the Sprint store said that I must contact their Phone customer service to request an International SIM. I explained to the lady that I wanted a SIM to use domestically in the US. To this, her response was...'All our phones come with built in SIM's, we dont sell individual SIM's'Translation: "Why cant you just sign a 2 year contract and buy a phone from us like everybody else?"So............struck out big time with Verizon and Sprint - 2 major carriers in the USAWent to AT&T; and they sorted me out, no questions asked in 15 minutes. Walked out of the store with a working Phone and number ported.This so called SMART phone has a major flaw. If I have a number saved that has the format like (734)xxx xxxx and try to send a text message to it, the phone just gives up and cant cope. Cant send the text message. Take out the brackets and send it to 734xxx xxxx and it works fine! This is pathetic. Had to find this out the hard way. I really have better things to do with my time than go in and edit phone numbers to remove brackets in them.There is quite a bit of Chinese (web pages) in it that I had to go in and delete. Bit painful.The 3.5mm jack is dodgy at best. At first I tried a jack with a straight pin with questionable results. I then tried the 90 degree 3.5mm jack that comes with the phone and experienced slightly better results.Battery life is so-so. I guess if I use both SIMs at a time, this will go down further. With medium usage (1 hour or so per day) I have to charge it every evening.The choices of RingTones the phone comes with are quite mediocre. Thankfully there are a plethora of choices on the Android side to complement this.Getting the phone to recognize the SD card was a bit tricky. Switched the SD card from my old phone to this. However, had to transfer the data from the card and have this phone reformat the SD card before it would recognize it. Still have not figured out how to have most of the Apps install on the SD card so they dont take up the main memory.Have not tried the Bluetooth with a headset yet. The phone paired quickly with the Rental car that I had in Michigan and worked fine.Using it in India with AirTel, a local GSM provider and it works fine. The data plan works too without any glitches.The display is a bit difficult to see in bright sunlight outdoors.Cant really speak for Games and other stuff that are Processor intensive. Most I do is play Sudoku on it!Have not had an unexplainable freeze so far. It has been solid.But, for $200 compared to near $600 for a Samsung Galaxy Note, this is a steal. If it lasts a year or longer, I would say it is value for the money.

Considering the price the phone is a good deal. If you want all the features and performance of the galaxy note then the star will not work out for you.

OK PEOPLE, HERE IT ISI ordered this phone, because my phone fell out of my holster and smashed the screen. shipping was not problem, but I payed extra to get it a couple of days. Ok. right out the box, I cut my hand on the back of the phone, because the android badging on the back was not glued down correctly. not good, second the picture quality sucks, not good, third the sound on the mp3 player was very poor, not good, the phone did come with an extra battery, but without external charger what good is that. Now on to the good part, both batteries came with 1/2 a charge,  so I put the phone on the charger, and filled one of them up, then switched to the other. the 1/2 charged  battery lasted all day, so when I got home I switch them, to my surprise the fill charged battery was dead, I tried all night to charge both and they would not charge. I return this phone and got my money back. good luck everybody hope this phone works better for you.

If not for the cameras you'd never know this wasn't a Note 2. First I love the phone camera is good not 8mp but still good. Second it's unlocked all I did was put in my tmobile SIM card and it detected it right away. I didn't even have to mess with Apn settings or anything. I did have to put it into Airplane mode and then back to regular mode to get signal. Third no need to Root to get cracked apps just turn on allow from unknown sources and ready to go. I use Blackmart kinda like Installous if your familiar with cracked iPhone apps. Fourth thing is the screen is very responsive better then other phones I've had from Samsung, hupai and LG. the colors are vibrant I expected less since some reviews said colors were dull. Could be why it seems good had low expectations. For the bad the battery seems to die pretty quickly if running games or videos you can literally watch the percentage meter drop. Holds good charge using phone and in standby mode all day. The wifi blows can't be more then 10ft or I loose signal not a big deal since the 3G is pretty decent. I have the unlimited web from tmobile so it switches over when I loose signal from my wifi.The seller Lolbuy has great customer service. Emailed them to make sure it came with what was pictured and they replied quickly and said it came with 2 batteries, 2 cases, and a mini stylus. I also had an issue when making phone calls screen would go black and phone would lock up had to pull the battery out. Again emailed and they replied quickly with the solution. Apparently it was the proximity sensor ( like when you put the phone to our ear it detects that and shuts off display) I needed to reset by going to setting and calibrating the al_ps sensor. Now works great. The phone got to me here in California in a week amazing since anything from China usually takes like a month. Highly recommend buying from Lolbuy since other sellers seem to be getting bad reviews. Looks like they are restocking I plan on getting another one when they do.***Update after a month of heavy using I'm sad to say I switched to a actual Note due to the phone not supporting tmobiles 1700 radio band. I was only getting Edge network. Slow slow Internet so for anyone who buys this phone and Internet speed is important I recommend you use AT&T; or a AT&T; compatible company like straight talk. Make sure it is compatible with the 1900 band so you can get 3G. I do hear tmobile is starting to support the 3G in some markets. Good luck to you all*****

After receiving unit I had a hard time trying to get unit to activate. Phone started to drop calls and would not easily recognize command functions. Had to buy a new cell phone locally for $90.00 more, a &#34;Blu&#34; 5.5 that works properly without any problems to this date. gds...

I purchased the phone 2 months ago from keydroper and they said the service works with t-mobile and att. First of all, it does not work with t-mobile. Second of all, there is no gps and the seller wanted me to send back the phone to China for a replacement or a refund. The price to return it is $36.90 with USPS and it takes 6-10 days to reach. It isn't worth it. This phone is so much aggravation and a head ache to me. Don't buy this piece of junk. Save your money.

I liked this product and it arrived earlier than expected time. The rating was due to the service i enjoyed so far by the phone and because of that i arranged for a leather purse to protect.The phone is good and it was beyond my expectation!Thank you!

I ALWAYS order from amazon, from electronics to milkshakes. When I decided to upgrade phones, I wanted to go with a prepaid plan. I actually went to a widely known electronic store and said I wanted the Note...saw the priced and quickly ran out of the store to catch my breath. So on a phone quest I went! I found this knock off, and read ALL the reviews, from bad to good. People....if you read a bit, you can be guided in the way to go. At the time, lolbuy was not selling so I ordered from another company in Hon Kong. When I e-mailed the company about what color I wanted, they returned my e-mail within 4 hours and perfect English the colors available. I picked my color and got my phone in a week and a half. When the phone came in, I was excited that they sent TWO batteries. So I set-up my phone with Straight Talk and had it working in a day. One problem I'm still having is picture messaging and cases. I have ordered  a case for the Note, it's just the matter of me cutting holes on the opposite side for the volume and power button.I do recommend this phone, but PLEASSSEEEE read reviews on BOTH the product and SELLER. It will save you from heart break! Just because it's &#34;cheaper&#34; doesn't mean rush to get it. When you are buying &#34;knock-offs&#34; take the time to do your research!

I WAITED FOR OVER 3 WEEKS FOR THIS PHONE. I WENT OUT AND BOUGHT ANOTHER ONE. SINCE IT CANE ALL THE WAY FROM CHINA I COULD NOT AFFORD THE RETURN POSTAGE. THEY SHOULD LET CUSTOMERS KNOW THAT ITS COMING FROM CHINA

Just as described in the ad.  Very nice quality and style, I would recommend to everyone that needs a duel sim phone.

I got this for my husband an he really loved this phone now I can't get him off it, but I thought it was goin to look like the phone n the picture but it didn't that's the only thing I'm mad about

it is very good phone dispite the camera is unclear i do not know why.company should do more about the camera

update:06/29T-mobile tech support helped to fix the issue for better signal now.It does not catch any signal inside my work place , may not be due to phone though. I would say, Phone works fine now. Updating to 4 star.Thanks.Previous:Based on hyped reviews, I purchased this phone. I have Tmobile $30 plan with unlimited data(4G), However, device unable to get signals. Mostly it shows only 1 to 2 bars, and browsing is bad performance. Inside my work place, NO signal at all. For me its a waste of money. It works with Wi-Fi, little better.I am not sure, if this is due to compatibility with 4G/3G/2G in different places offered by Tmobile is not fitting with Phone configurations. But one thing is - its not working for me as I expected.Thanks,

used straight talk service from Walmart. it worked well before i broke the screen. internet worked but not pic messaging like with most unlocked phones.

It has been over a month since I haven't had this phone. I sent it back to the sellers and they told me after I sent it back that I had to ship the package back through ups. Long story short the phone didn't work I'm out the money, plus an extra $23 for shipping, and not to mention the timegh. I purchased this phone through bbq buy! Hope this was helpful!

My son chose diz phone 4 his Christmas present diz past year . Since he has it . He has really been enjoying his phone. I believe he made a great choice .

Tmobile customers ... if you are not in a LTE area with tmobile you will get edge reception at best ....Metalic guard on the edges has chipped...Other than that i love the phone it is still fast and still works well. People think i have the Gallaxy note 2 and i dont correct them :)

Its hard to set it up the first time since everything is defaulted to Chinese or Korean, I can't even tell what language its in. Reception or signal strength became weaker on this phone compared to my last phone. I permanently lost 2 bars in areas where I used to get 4 or 5 bars. I ended up returning this phone to the seller for a refund. Positives- the phone is sleek and nice! Big screen, which was great for browsing internet! Good price!

At first it worked ok but after like a month it started freezing restarting by itself, and the camera is terrible I don't recommend it.

This phone is replacing my HTC Sense (which I loved).  Its a sturdy, good looking phone.  Has clear. sharp display. Sound is awesome and the voice features are amazingly precise.  Picture quality is pretty good...it's getting better because Im learning the adjustments and such. The only reason that I'm not rating this phone 5 stars is because Im still getting used to it....slowly personalizing it to my liking (I've had it for about two weeks).  This phone comes with minimal apps, ring tones... but I'm okay with that.  It came with two batteries, a nice flip cover, ear buds and standard charger. The only thing that I'll say sets me aback it that its size is ok alone, but when adding a case, its a bit too big.  Also it's signal quality is not great....just somewhere in the range of ok to good. With that said, I'd still recommend this phone.UPDATE: 5 Feb 2013A couple days after writing this review, I started noticing the sharpness of the screen display slowly fading.  Initially I thought maybe I had changed a setting or something, but by the end of the second day of noticing this the left side of the display was white. It was as if eventually the screen would be completely white. So I contacted the seller and they exchanged the phone for another of the same make and model.  I'm crossing my fingers because this time I've notice a slight fading around the corners of the display right away(maybe I'm being paranoid).Also, I'm having the hardest time figuring out how to set a different ringtone for individual contacts. So if anyone knows how to do this, please share details on what I should do.I will leave the rating as is on this unless I experience some major problems with this one.

For some reason I was expecting it to be bigger but Thank God it wasn't!!! Easy setup, just installed my sim and immediately I was up and running!!! Came with case, headphones, two batteries, and charger!!!!! Fast shipping. I'm impressed!!! Awesome phone!!!! Getting my wife one!!!

i BOUGHT THIS PHONE IN JANUARY, AS DID 3 OF MY FRIENDS , HERE IT IS IN AUGUST AND NOT ONE OF THEM IS STILL FUNCTIONING. BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK.

I have had this phone for a couple of months now. I have dropped it 200 times, got a small scratch on the corner nothing more. Recently well on my way home from work I had to run across the street and I dropped my phone! It got ran over by 5 cars, when I could finally get to it, I picked it up and it had no scratches and no cracked screen. Put the battery back in and it works perfectly still. I love the fact that this phone is so cheap and that it's very durable! Still might buy another due to the fact on how much of a clutz I am lol.. I haven't had any problems with this phone at all.

they are nice looking phone the powers on does the basic options that's the positive. the downfall have fun getting cell service is to activate this phone in the US I tried to sell this phone on Craigslist but nobody wants an aftermarket look alike.

a great phonesometimes it shuts off and restarts by itselfi thought that i could just go to store and buy a phone case, but they have to be specially madenice hd screennice soundno 3gwifi is okayoverall for the price I paid its a great phone and woul buy another just because of the price

I have had this phone for two days so far and I love it. Only cons is the headphone jack is at a slant so a regular headphone plug would not seat properly. A case is a must, I prefer one that can hook to my belt because of the size of the phone it doesn't fit easily in my shirt pocket and the pants pocket wouldn't be too safe in my opinion. Another con is that there is no strap holder so if I wanted to tie it to a leash I don't see how that's possible, but overall I love this phone. I took this phone out at work and my co-workers praised me and wanted to check out my Samsung Note. I did not correct them.

Great phone so far.  Larger touch screen than I expected and came with a case.  Bought it to travel overseas but haven't done that yet.  Will try to update in a couple of months.

Waste of time a waste of money and it just didn't work at all. if the company is able to fix the glitches in the phone it will be a popular item.

The phone met all expectations and its features rival the more expensive Galaxy 4s but the slot for the micro SIM memory is wrong.

I won't go into tech details, but this phone is great,  I've tested the phone before posting this review, all I have to say is this phone is up to standard with the Samsung Note, is very fast , has Google Play it comes loaded with very little Apps so you have room to download more apps, you can add a 32 gig mini sd card. The camera and video works just fine ( but I didn't buy for that, I got my own camera ) I recommend a case for it, the Slim desing makes somewhat slippery if you have small hands, it comes with a screen protector already installed. I recommend buying it from ( LOLBUY ) this Seller is in China and it will take sometime for you to get it, but it's worth the wait. I have T-Mobile, all you have to do is charge it ( it comes with 2 batteries ), install the sim and mini sd card and that's itso far mine is working just fine, I hope you'll enjoy this phone.If you want more Tech Info you can find it at You Tube just search STAR I9220 (n9000)UPDATE..I was asked if you can use "Page Plus Services" with this phone. After doing some research Page Plus uses Verizon's Technology which is "CDMA" and this Phone uses the "GSM" Technology ( ATT & T-Mobile ) You'll need a SIM Card to use this phone. Hope this was helpful...

Dissatisfied that I purchased two phones and neither one of them are working. I loved them and now feel like I was robbed and have to shop for two more phones ... :( UGH

Ordered on April 24th arrived on 29th bought from &#34;lolbuy&#34; even before the order is shipped emailed the seller and he respond promptly which tells me what kind of merchant he is. My wife loves it and its her first huge smartphone/tablet.Came with charger with usb output and cable,ear buds and the male jack is longer than the regular 3.5mm although the diameter is the same i measured it with a caliper, 2 batteries 3200mAh each and date stamp 03-05-2013 and It took 3 hrs to fully charge. Connected to wifi with no problem.Heres my APN setup for data from this link and big thank you to them:[...]Name: Consumer CellularApn: Att.mvnoApn type:defaultProxy: 66.209.11.32Port: 80User name: not setPassword: not setServer: not setMmsc: not setMms proxy: 66.209.11.32Mmc: 310Mnc: 410Authentication type: PAPApn protocol: Ipv4Apn enable/dissable : enableBearer: unspecifiedAlthough i have use it for 4 hours lets hope that this phone will last long. I have problem sending text and i found out to add 1 before the area code here in California and also since i only use one sim card i keep getting a notification no SIM card detected (slot1) and i haven't found the work around yet maybe its on the manual, don't like to read manual lol. I'll update if there's a problem arise if not we'll buy from &#34;lolbuy&#34; again.

i ordered my phone on the Feb 11 and received it on March 21. it kind of took a long time. when i received the phone, i was missing a stylus and a flip case cover plus the hard cover. For those who are looking for flip case covers and the hard covers for this phone, just go to amazon.com and under search type:  FLIP CASE FOR STAR N9000. THEN CLICK ON GO. Choose your color

This has been a fabulous experience. I am still amazed by all the features of this phone. It works and performs beautifully. I  recommend this phone to everyone.

Model: GT-I9500 (sprdroid_base)Manufacturer: Samsung (Not True)Board: 9500_fwvgaTOTAL RAM: 222MB NOT 512 as stated.Internal Storage: 0.15GBRoot Access says yes but there is none.You can not get into Download mode or Developer mode using Volume Up/Power/Home Combo or Volume Down/Home/Power comboI have fought with this phone for 4 months now and couldn't return it because I had it shipped to me in the States and then went back to my traveling where the SIM chips do not work. This is not an internationally unlocked phone.THere are Core Apps installed that are all in Chinese. They can not be removed.The phone will not run SKype or resource heavy apps as I expected and crashed regularly.I get more FORCE CLOSE/WAIT messages than I can keep track of.Yes, I am very much a tech and have been for 20 years. I know my way around the phone and this is a piece of crap. I wish I could return it but that seems to be impossible.

No good dont buy phone sucks waiting on ups to come now and it get so hot like it will catch a fire on your face the phone can't download apps no space on the phone and you can't hear people when they call and they can't hear me a waste of money

its stopped working in no time it does not stay charged this is stupid I tell everyone DON NOT BUY

I received this phone and was really amazed at how pretty it was, I popped my sim card and battery in and it worked right away. the internet was ok, not as good when not connected to wifi, but it was decent.one thing I didn't like was that I never got 3g service much, it mainly said edge. the other issue I had was that I couldn't receive txt or calls from my daughter, that was a major issue for me. I was disappointed that there were no cases for this ph. the only ones were the flip open ones and only like 2 colors of hard back cases. I tried cases for the galaxy note and they didn't fit. one good thing is that this phone comes with a regular battery back and a flip battery back, and it comes with a screen protector installed.  overall the phone functions ok and it will do the job, but I personally didn't feel like it was good enough. if you want a pretty looking phone with basic features than this will probly be ok for you.

I fell in love with the &#34;image&#34; of this phone so I thought I would research the reviews. After two days of intense research and reading your reviews I have decided not to waste my time or money with this product and I will be looking for another phone for purchase.

The phone came with a small defect in the sensor, but can be corrected with an application, then the sensor is working again normally.Otherwise the phone is great, meets all needs and works very well. It was worth buying.

The phone over all is nice..I love the size of the phone however, I didn't realize the phone was on a 3g network until I recieved the package. And that really sucks when I'm use to having 4g network. My web searching has become horrible since I switched to this phone.

OMG I freaking love my phone.  The screen size is just how I like it Big and wide. The battery life is awesome . I also use a T-mobile Sim card since my phone is unlocked and I love their service. I haven't had a problem yet with my phone.  There customer service is awesome,  they help you in any kind of way you need it. I received my phone super fast I couldn't believe my eyes.  WOULD I RECOMMEND THIS PHONE? YES TO ANYONE WHO WANT AN HUGE PHONE FOR A WORTHY PRICE. THIS IS THE BEST ANDROID PHONE I EVER MET.

Is there a warranty? After a month and a half the two phones that I purchased for me and my husband were basically defect phones. Using the phone was great but all of the sudden the phones would not charge. I had a phone retailer look at it for me and they told me that it was not a battery problem, it was a problem in the phone. The phones cost too much money to take a risk for. There need to be a warranty issued for these phones. It is best to go to a retailer or a business that is known.

You get what you pay for. This is not what you see in the picture.  You can't even see it outdoor.  I returned it after 3 days.

The phone is fantastic for who ever need to use more then one phone carrier and be connected. I got few of this model.

I bought this phone from the seller LIGHTAHEAD. It arrived on-time (Amazon Prime) within the two-day period. It's a big phone, but incredible. I'm very impressed. The seller even put a screen protector on the phone and I'm thankful for this because it's very difficult to do so without having many bubbles arise. The phone is FAST. I was using a phone with Android 2.2.1 system. This is a great update.Buying from this seller will get you: The phone, a charger, two batteries, back cover, back cover with attached front face cover (consider it a "case"), the earphone piece, and a manual.I have only had one real issue with this phone. The night I first had it, I plugged it into its new charger and went to sleep. I woke up, unplugged the phone, and the phone said 1% battery remaining. I'm not sure if the charger is faulty. I plugged it into my car charger from a previous phone and it STILL wasn't charging. It shut down soon after and I was without a phone for awhile. Thank goodness the seller sent another battery. I put it in, and the phone had about 70% power. I found a Samsung charger from years ago and that is doing the trick.One other thing - when I was exploring my new phone the day I received it, I noticed that a call had been made before it came to me. 664701 is the number that was shown as an outgoing call. I don't know why this happened, maybe the seller was checking the functionality of the phone? It doesn't bother me.I use T-Mobile, and the phone works perfectly. I can send and receive pictures just fine and my Wi-Fi works. One big issue is FINDING THE RIGHT CASE for the phone. It is NOT a Samsung Galaxy Note. It is a KNOCKOFF. The buttons and camera are not exactly like the Note. It's difficult finding a case. What's interesting is that the Samsung Galaxy S4 has the exact button and camera placement as this phone. However, S4 cases DO NOT fit this phone. I have tried. The camera is centered on the back of the phone, and the flash is UNDERNEATH the camera. The Note's flash is to the right of the camera. Hence, finding a case for this phone is difficult.All in all, I am very pleased with this Knockoff phone. I've had it for a week and it's just great. Highly recommended from the seller LIGHTAHEAD. It is worth the extra ten dollars or what-not to buy from this seller. Perhaps, just buy a different Samsung charger. That's my advice.UPDATEI have been using this phone for well over a month and I have had ZERO problems. I have downloaded several apps, browsed the web many times, personalized the phone to my liking, and it is still up to par. It hasn't slowed down. It hasn't gliched. It's a great purchase and I am a very happy customer. I recommend this phone to anyone and everyone. Yes, it is very big. However, I recently held an iPhone 4, and I quickly became annoyed with how small it was. In the case of choosing a new cell phone, I have to honestly say - Bigger IS Better.UPDATEI have been using this phone for almost six months. I have had very minor problems with it. The main issue is - if my phone gets below 15% battery and I plug it into the charger, my phone will glitch. However, this may be my own fault for using an older, longer charger. My phone does not glitch at any other time. Browsing the web, installing numerous apps, using up my SD Card - this phone has withstood it all. It still takes incredible pictures and is not lagging with speed. I stand by my recommendation.FOR THOSE WHO HAVE LEFT QUESTIONSStraight Talk:  it is my understanding that this is a pre-paid service available at WalMart. Many have asked if this phone is compatible with the service. I truly do not know. I suggest talking to someone who works in the cellular department at the store. He or she will give you thee most accurate advice.I use T-Mobile. For those of you asking about AT&T;, I feel as though this phone IS compatible with that service. If your service requires a SIM card, this phone will most likely work for you.Will this phone work in other countries outside of America? Why not? It is, afterall, an UNLOCKED cell phone. Just be certain to check this phone's return policy before-hand.This cell phone was 300% worth my money. I am not concerned with "brand names" and I am always happy to tell people that I have an excellent Note Knockoff. The ONE AND ONLY DOWNFALL - people's jaws will drop when you whip out your "laptop" and hold it to your ear. If you own this phone, I'm certain you have heard this joke countless times. Thank you for reading my very thorough review. I hope you found it helpful.

This item operates fine as a phone that makes calls and sends texts. I wasn't able to receive or send (MMS) pictures. However I think that I just needed to change some settings.  I tried to get 4G using my ATT sim card but was never able to. I couldn't get 3G either. It operated on "edge" but perhaps that could have improved with APN changes or something but while surfing on the internet it really wasn't that much slower than my Galaxy Note.  Audio is a little too low even at highest setting. Truth is the camera on the phone was so bad that I didn't spend too much time checking out many of the phone's other features.  The picture quality is the worst I have seen long time. If you want a phone with a camera that you can take decent pictures with...THEN DON'T BUY THIS PHONE!!!!.  Actually this review can be given lower rating simply because of the camera...that's if having one thing to carry to make calls and occasionally take decent pictures is important to you...............................UPDATE.......................................................  RETURNED THIS PHONE  ........PURCHASED THE BLU LIFE PLAY!!!!!!!!!  LOVE IT....HAD IT FOR MORE THAN A WEEK....ENJOY IT MORE EVERYDAY.......IT'S WORTH CHECKING OUT.  CHECK OUT THE REVIEWS NOT JUST HERE....ALL OVER THE INTERNET.

Ok, I titled this the way I did because while I ordered the I9220 the model I received is the GT-N7100. I do have to say that I am VERY happy with this phone so it is not a big deal to me. I have had this phone for a few days now... it was supposed to be her between the 17th of Oct. and the 4th of Nov. and I received it on the 15 of Oct. I ordered it on the 21st of Oct. so all in all not bad. I LOVE how big this screen is and it is bright and clear. The camera is not the greatest but it is something I can live with because it isn't too bad really and I have a camera for when I want to take really good pics. The speaker is not bad either when you need it. It came with its own case, blue tooth and a second battery, although you can't charge it separately. The battery I am sure would last a lot longer if I could put it down for a few minutes and it does take a while to charge and I have to learn patients when charging it :) I am using the sim card from Walmart's Family Mobile (T-Mobile) and it is working just fine, did not keep all my numbers though but that is because I did not save them to the card in my old phone, but putting those few in isn't a big deal either. I would have to say that for $102 (incl. shipping) I got the best phone ever and would do this all over again! I have not found anything that makes me not like this phone. I bought it through the seller Bestselling and found this transaction to be very good. Thanks for reading and I hope it helps one way or the other. I will update if I start to notice anything wrong with it.

I've had time to write a review since I've had this phone 2 weeks. THIS PHONE IS BIG!! IT'S A TRUE 5.3 screen. The delivery was ON TIME. I am VERY VERY satisfied with this phone. It has done everything the descriptions says PLUS! The Sim card I received from e-bay and Straight Talk is my carrier. Make sure you purchase a Sim card in advance if you are not going to use a current one.  BECAUSE OF MY LOCATION my service switches from Straight Talk to AT&T. NOT A PROBLEM for me.  The apps from Google Play are easy to download and so forth. My ONLY DRAW BACKS with this phone s the battery life. It sucks. Im attempting to find ways to get better longer battery life AND I am having an issue finding a hard case cover ie Otterbox, Toughwear etc. Ive had it for two weeks and so fay,so good.  4 1/2 stars,worth the money.

SECOND UPDATE:  NO I NEVER GOT 4G on this phone for those who asked.  I had some hairy issues returning this and if I don't get the credit, I will post those details here.  We will see.UPDATE:  I've had it less just under three months.  already I have to send it back and ask for a refund which I better get.  The phone simply will not turn on.  One minute it was working fine and the next minute NOTHING.  I charged it, of course - nothing.  I put in the extra battery, charged it - NOTHING.  I knew it was too good to be true.I will come back and let you know the return that the company will give me, I don't want a replacement.  Already getting a phone directly from T-Mobile.  If they don't, I will file a claim with Amazon.I wonder if anyone else who wrote a glowing review will come back and let us know how long this phone worked for them.  It would be helpful to others.First Android.Easy to Set upT Mobile SIM/Account worked.  (I did call TMobile to switch my # to my Son's #, son has the data plan, I wanted it on my phone.  At first she said she couldn't do it, then I argued, so she did...hit #686# on phone to switch numbers on accounts).FAST Internet when WIFI is on.  Easily hooked up to WIFI.Came in good condition with all parts.  The headphones worked no problem (I read here that they didn't for some).ENGLISH INSTALLED.  I didn't have to do anything.SIZE IS PERFECT.  I wanted a bigger screen for ease on the eyes.  Also my arthritic thumbs have trouble texting sometimes, no problems here.  It came with that stuid pen thing but I prefer to use the screen.  I've tried to text on other androids.  This one is by far the easiest.It's going to take years to really get to know this phone, but I'm happy so far.  I'll update if problems arise.

I bought this phone from Citrus llc and used prime,  received it the next day.  It came with 2 batteries,  cover, headphones and instruction manual.  I took my time researching this phone before I bought it.  I had even ordered it once and canceled due to some of the bad reviews here but then decided it was worth the risk. The phone powered up perfectly,  display is beautiful,  and everything seems to be working as it should.  Really,  you can't tell much difference between this phone and the galaxy.  The only thing I'm not impressed with,  is that the back cover is a little flimsy.  The wifi works wonderfully,  after you figure out to get it on.  I had to turn it on and then bring up a page before it would connect. This phone does work with straight talk (att)  sim.  If you buy this phone I suggest you make sure it's through a amazon prime vendor.  I can't believe I almost passed this up due to some of the reviews.  I've only had it two days,  but if any issues arise I will be sure to update. Btw it's very fast and runs games perfectly.****UPDATE**** This phone does not have 3g service. Currently I am using both a t-mobile and att sim with full  bars with 3g active and neither pick up 3g, only 2g. I assume the 3g only works in the overseas market. I guess my beautiful phone will be returned :(

Haven't spent too much time with it but biggest drawback is data rate...forgot how sloooow edge technology was and so far haven't been able to coax it up to 3G speed which some reviewers have claimed to be able to acheive.  Feels somewhat cheap but not bad for the price. Display and the dual sim capability are the the best features. Wireless reception and sound quality are actually pretty good.Overall a pretty good deal unless you gotta have 3G or 4G speed

This phone is awesome, can hardly put it down!!! Compared to the Galaxy Note II it basically has the same features at a far cheaper price. Works great with my Straight Talk and data is lightening fast, just about as fast as wifi.  My wife was a little jealous so I had to buy one for her; she will get to share this amazing experience in just a few days!! If there was any negative I would say that you cannot add or delete home screens and if there is a way I don't know how, the manual is pretty vague and only explains the basics!!

It's everything I needed in a phone. I've recommended it to a lot of people. Its a very useful phone.

I ordered the phone Monday, got it on Thursday so first props to the seller. I would use them again. I was leary about using a seller out of china. However, prior to playing my order I sent them a msg about the color, to which they responded promptly and in clear, understandable language.With that out of the way. I received the phone, two batteries, charger, semi hard case, and instruction booklet.  I was expecting the screen to be slow to respond to touch and not to be able to scroll up/down quickly. I was surprised to see that neither was true. There are moments when both are true, but far less than I thought there would be. I phone does take getting used to because the size. After only an hour or two of playing with the phone my old phone felt tiny and weird. You should not buy this phone expecting it to be a Galaxy Note. You should expect the size and Android operating system at 1/3 the price. I was a disappointed that I didn't get the back-case\cover that others have received. I ordered http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006YJCPU4/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_2 at the same time. Even though that is shipping from the US, I have not received it yet.  Overall I am pleased so far with day 1. My apps are loading and running fine so far. I will update this review and add the pics I took when I received the phone at some later point in time. Going to enjoy my phone now.Day 2-3I'm noticing the phone has slowed down a little since i've begun installing software on the machine. The touchscreen is a bit slow responding, but overall still pleased considering the cost.1 week laterAt this point I have loaded all of my apps onto my phone that I had on my previous phone. Doing I have noticed a tremendous lag in response time when i am launching apps and going thru normal phone functions. I restored the phone to factory defaults and tried it again, same results. I then reset the phone a 2nd time and just used it like a phone, no apps. worked like a charm. As soon as I popped my sim card in I was able to make/receive calls no problem. The phone did want me to specify which sim I want to send text msgs from which I thought was weird since I only used one of the two sim slots. My pics on my sd card didn't all show up on my phone even thou I unmounted it from my previous phone. The is no way to unmount on this phone. The camera SUCKS BIG, GIANT COW BALLS, no way this thing is 8 mega pixels. My galaxy blaze (lower end of the galaxy line) took better pics, by far, and the pics on the blaze leave something to be desired.***If you only want a phone with a big surface area to make reading and web surfing easier, then this phone is fine. otherwise stay away this is a complete waste of time. If you still want to try the phone then msg me on this review and I will sell you mine for $175.

Can you buy regular note 2 cases with this phone? I am truly concerned in wanting to know because I would like a nice case for my phone.

I bought this phone two months ago. I signed it up with Straight Talk &#34;AT&T; regular size sim card&#34; (don't get the micro sim, it's too small). At first I had several issues out of this phone. The apps would not work, never had a great phone signal, and GPS issues. I use my navigation constantly for work and trips so GPS not working is not an option for me. After about two weeks, everything begin to work more efficiently. I could never get TeleNav, now Scout, to work well with the phone so I downloaded NavLauncher app. It works with Google Maps. I am able to obtain my signal in the deep back woods/mountains of Georgia (Hiawassee, Blue Ridge, etc. There are a few dead spots where I live and the phone goes out at times (my Sprint phone never dropped calls in the same areas), but recently the phone has not been dropping calls as bad. I do live in a rural area so maybe that's why the phone drops calls at times. AT&T; service is not better than Sprint's and Verizon's in my area so I can't expect much.P.S. I'm still learning different things about this phone. But I like it so far.

Ordered this phone 2 weeks before Christmas for my son, whose iPhone had been stolen. Earlier reviews led us to believe that this phone could be used on the Verizon network.. Just came back from the Verizon store and  absolutely struck out. Cannot be used, GSM phone!Otherwise a very cool phone. I have an iPhone and am lusting after this new device!

I got my phone yesterday, it came on the day they estimated which was okay since it was only a week. I had hoped it came sooner sometimes when i ordee from amazon it comes before the estimated date, anyways so i opened my package and sa this hudge fone lol . im not use to touch screen since i always ever had a sidekick and even with that i used the keyboard mostly. i instantly loved the size bc i love watching netflix. i put a battery in.which sucked because it was dead so i had to charge it for about 20mins before it turned on. then i was more happy bc it was on yay. i downloaded netflix.yahoo messanger.skype.a few more apps instantly through my wifi at home. oh one thing my cord for the charger kepy coming out which really got me annoyed bc i was trying to use the phone n it kept coming out. so i just switched with my husband and his charger worked better. the one they sent seemed loose on my phone. anyways i bought a straight talk sim card i havent activated it yet i plan on it today. i choose straight talk using tmobiles network.im excited to have everthing up and running. oh one cool feature that my husband is jealous of is it has a face lock so only ur face can unlock it. overall so far i like it but its only been one day. if any issuses come up ill post them.

After purchasing it the first day I received it it only worked for 3 hours until the initial battery died the charger wasn't working so I used a different standard charger and realise the usb port on this phone was defective the same day I encountered all these problems, Its a really nice phone but I have to return this product not worth the problems.

I needed a dual Sim phone for my personal and business lines and decided to get a big screen while I was at it. This phone arrived only 7 days after ordering it and was super easy to set up the two sims with very easy and clear setup to divide the tasks between the two. So far I am very impressed with the quality and the fact that it comes with a very nice screen protector already installed! The phone is bright and fast and the resolution is as good as my previous Galaxy S-2 with a much bigger screen on this one! I am very happy with the initial inspection and testing and especially happy with the included cover, extra battery, and easy to follow instructions. It is also cool that you can use GPS or Glonass (Russian version of GPS) with the phone although I have not tested that functionality out yet. All-in-all, it is a great phone if you want a large screen phone/internet device at a very nice price and without the contract!

i absolutely love this phone! i had been wanting the original note because of the large screen! i like to read books on my kindle and watch netflix in between class and this phone is perfect for that! I have downloaded all of my fave apps, gmail, instagram, facebook and the essential apps for law students, barbri, westlaw, and fastcase! Seriously, i haven't found any problems with this phone and everyone keeps asking where I got it! love love love it!

A piece of trash with a I I could not do anythiing but make one call and received one call  Could not add any music files either

This is an awesome phone, I really like it. It is more than I really expected from a low price phone. The LG i have for myself is not near a good as this phone I ordered for my wife. I like it so much that I will be replacing my LG with the 6&#34; version of this phone. i will have no limit, as to what I can put on the phone nor will I have to worry about the carrier putting stupid programs on the phone that I cannot remove. I have not been able to get the data to work on it yet. But I am hopping in time I will get that up and running. The WiFi works like a champ.

It is new and showed up in a timely manner.But no instruction book.And tried to activate it and that has been a problem since it is from china.It isn't recognised here in the US.I haven't found a carrier for it yet and I ordered it last year.I wont be buying from them again.

Don't pay a single penny for this item. Defective from the time I open the box as soon I received. screen goes bright on blank, but not app show. Save your money... don't waste your time.

So far so good its ok. I bought this phone because one of the review said its easy to root. I couldnt believe when I confirmed that by myself without going crazy on the internet. I just installed my 32Gb and its working great. This phone is great. People see it, they give me second look thinking I'm holding Samsung Note. The screen is awesome, that fascinate me alot. The camera is clear, I mean clear. The only thing about it for now is that its so responsive when I try to scrool, but that I will get use to and fix it. Again, the phone get hot easily during a call. I have to buy a bluetooth for that. The audio is awesome. Overall, they made this phone good for somebody like me.

I received this phone  2 business days. It came well packaged. Inside: phone, 2 cases, 2 batteries, headphones, USB, charger, instruction manual, and an extra screen protector. I was elated!! I bought through BestSeller.

The phone is good for the price, it does not stack up to the premiums though.  People on the other end of phone calls can barely hear me, but the battery lasts for days.  It has good reception on my end though.  I would like to see it be able to update to Jelly Bean.  I think the phone is great for what it is but don't expect a Galaxy or HTC quality, but it is a serviceable phone.

I give this phone 3 only because of the place it came from..the phone only worked a week then froze and wouldn't do anything..so then I emailed the company and they had me send thE phone back ,then I emailed again to see if they got it and they had and I told them I wanted a new one and they recommend a better model so that's what I got.the phone is very nice and works great its just like the galaxy s4 very nice its the h9503,they fix what was wrong

very very very slow! will not download apps, freezes up all the time I have to turn it off and remove the battery. wait a few mins and turn back on. If I don't I will go days with out any notifications, missed text messages.....so much for cheap price you get what you pay for.....

Do not buy. Piece of junk. Does not work half of the time and internet does NOT work even with wifi. Headphone jack does not fit headphones and its all in Chinese when you first get it and if you live in USA does not have anywhere here to view weather. Overall WORST phone ever bought. Waste of money.

This pone was a disappointment. I was happy when I first got it but after awhile it started falling apart. I like the big screen and I expanded the memory for cheap. But the internet is slow (Not even 3g) and the color started peeling. I can't even use headphones anymore because the headphone jack no longer works. Although better than paying $700 on a galaxy, I wouldn't buy it again.

I am an Android girl and I love this phone. I for one like how big it is, but I have had several comments about carrying around a &#34;mini tablet&#34;! Fine by me! Maybe I won't lose this one!The phone operates great and I get better signal than I did with my old HTC.I love that it came with two batteries too!

I just received my phone a week ago..,& to get it all set up to find out that I can't send or receive picture messages I feel that I wasted my money!!!

The phone is Good phone . I am very happy with this phone. Yes it a big phone but I love it. I have t-mobile and this phone works great with my company. I bought my daughter one and she loves her phone.

very cheap with very good quality!big screen, fast processor, newest android, two batteries, a lot of accesories for,fine made. excellent!

Better then the phones offered by the cell providers, just placed my sim card into one of the sim ports provided, turned it on, and wahoo, works under our steel roof.  I can place a sim card from a different country (Canada) into the extra sim slot giving you two lines in one phone, it works great.  Placed a 64gb card in giving all kinds of storage. You have:*  Internet*  email ( several emails if you want)*  gmail*  large rolodex*  documents to go*  radio*  gps (maps)*  play store*  music*  downloads*  sound recorder*  talkthe list is long, all I can say, the phone works great, looks great, sounds great and is less expensive than a cell store, now the price is less than I paid. I get coverage everwhere through the US and Canada, (depending upon your carrier).Good Luck

I finially received my phone on yesterday although i paid for express shipping it still took forever to come in. I love the phone its nice and big, i am with net 10 and everything works great cant find any cases to go on my phone though.I brought my phone through cutter edge they did refund my money for the shipping taking so long which i thought was really nice! I cant put this phone down and all of my family and friends are jealous of my new phone! but i think i am done buying things off line unless i cant find a phone case.Thanks i would def tell ppl to buy from this company!

its a pretty well put together phone considering it was the first one made of its kind. without wifi the phone wouldnt have good internet or navigation accessability.

I got the phone friday the only complaint i have is the slow access to apps and internet speed,witch i plan ti talk to my provider im only getting G instead of 3G if any one can help on that please respond

i wana order this phone so bad I'm just a lil worried that I wont get the color I want. How do you choose what color you want cause I want the black one

I ordered this phone for my dad but I am going to have to hijack it from him.  I haven't even put my sim card in yet and I am in love.  This phone is beautiful and fast.  It comes with 2 cases, 2 batteries and a stylus.  It takes great pics as well.  I must also say it came way sooner than expected.  I got it delivered to my job within 8 days of placing the order.  This seller will get more orders from me.  I am so far very pleased with this order.  I will update once I put in my sim card and get it going.

So I have had this phone for 4 months now. The only problem with it was the headphone jack didn't work right (gave me a reason to update to bluetooth headset). Love the size the feel and the speed. The ram was kind of lacking but not really a problem with the Clean Master app. The phone even got run over by 2 cars and a public bus while it was in a case I got the eForCity-Leather-Wallet-Compatible-Samsung-Note. The only thing that happened to the phone was a small crack in the bottom right corner, but phone still works like it did. All and all I love this phone

I really like the product. I've had it for more than a month now. It works great. I use TMobile services. I recommend.

Does this phone work with an at&t go phone sim card? i really hoipe it does. Even if it doesn't i wont be upset.

I couldn't activate this phone because it had a defect in it.  It was a waste of my money I could have used that money on something else

I used it for one whole day and then it shut off on me. Will not turn back on at all. Even after trying to charge and switching batteries.

This is a single core phone. Even if you root it(has anyone rooted this?), you cannot overclock it. The front camera is really horrible. You cannot use it for Skype if you are in a regular light room or there is not enough white light. The front camera is only 0.3 Mega Pixels and the rear camera is 7.62 Mega Pixels. Chinese are not capable in making sensitive lenses yet. The speaker phone is bad too. Also, you cannot play 1080p only 720p HD. If you decide to return it you have to pay $35 shipping to Hong Kong and three weeks after they receive the phone you'll get your money back. Remember you will not have any warranty whatsoever except the first two weeks of trying the phone.Now the good things:It boots very fast, Wifi is great, the phone is good in every country. I have tested it in three different countries. You have to know how to set it up in other countries but for ATT just insert the simcard.If you want to spend this much money and want only to use only one simcard you can buy LG optimus L7(unlocked), a much better phone and the genuine phone not a Chinse knockoff. Search for it on Amazon.

It never worked. I opened the box put in the sim card and turned on the phone. It worked for five seconds and turned off automatically. I tried to charged bit nothing happen. STAY AWAY.

The phone was wonderful its bi beautiful strikes up an interestin con vo between friends and strangers but one day when i weant to the park i set the phone done with the case on and in 10-25min i pick it up its hot i try to turn it on it wont turn on i email the seller he doesnt get back to me almost to weeks saying something about a warranty that i had no idea exsisisted my thoughts are dont bye the phone plenty and trusted ones out there on amazon dont get a chinese phone et nd unlocked lg samsung motorola ect!

I received my phone on the date promised.  When I opened the box, it was apparent that the phone didn't fix in the box.  There were no instructions, no USB cord, and the battery was wrapped in a torn off piece of a brown paper bag. It said the phone was compatible with T-Mobile.  That was untrue.  Bad experience!

Great service with T-M and great service on receiving the phone. no problems.The night I received it I did not wish to move my sims card till I powered up and saw thepixs and speed of this phone. awesome job,  Hooked right into my wi-fi and have worked the phone like my tablet.Great asset even if you never plug in a phone card it is a great price and can run off WI-FI and hot spots for the Kids,Grand Kids.  My 3 Y/O grandson loves the U-Tube he can watch on it. great value within this phone .Thank you for offering a phone within reach and easy to understand.

I like the size but i am unable to set a lock on my phone ..why is this? Also it doesn't read my sd card. Why? Who can i contact for support??

Just recevied bought thru prime got it in 2days, which i was suprised since everyone else said it took almost two weeks. It came with two batteries, headphones, nice charger, and two cases very nice. Just open the back pop in your SIM (mine is tmobile) add one of the already charged batteries put the back back on  and turn it on and I was in bussiness.  everything works great able to call email text surf the web NO issues. The only one thing that i am having an issue and I know its just me is putting in my micro sd card, probably just my card, BUT that is the only issue. My husband is already planning on stealing it or so he says. It is worth it. awesomeSo now I've had this phone since the second of august and today is the 19th, working great, just took a family vaction, the picture quality is better then my moms iphone:) the best phone I ever had, it picks up cell and wifi great, no issues with data what so ever, wifi is faster for downloads but I think that is true for all cell phones.Very happy with this.

I understood &#34;8GB ROM&#34; as having 8GB of internal storage. I was wrong, I looked more closely after I received them and found out the phones only have 127MB of internal storage. My wife and I did move all the apps we could to our 32GB sd cards but there still wasn't enough room on the internal memory for the app shortcuts. Both phones would freeze up randomly. Could barely play plants vs zombies 2. You must use the headphones that come with it because others won't fit. That was unacceptable for me because I am very active and must use a certain kind of headphones. We won't bother returning the phones though. We sold them on craigslist and we bought some much nicer quad core Blu phones from another seller on Amazon.Setting up the APN for straight talk was easy. My GoPhone sim went right and worked with out any configuring. My wife did like the mechanical home button between the two &#34;soft&#34; buttons. The extra batteries were a pleasant surprise. And the phones have pre-installed screen protectors.

Basically u get what u pay for. Dont get me wrong the screen is awesome and it looks the part. It does not perform the part, i compared it next to my step dads note II and it's really laggy,everything is  so slow. The cameras flash doesnt work well, i couldnt get my netflix, hbo go, or cinemax go to work even on wifi!! The battery says it's a 3200mAh which should last from morning to evening even if u r cellular multitasking, and it only last me halfway throughout my day b4 i have to charge again. Like i said earlier u get wat u pay for.

Love the Huge Screen!!! Takes Great Photos & Videos. Only had for a few days but I love it so far!

IM SO GLAD I TOOK THE CHANCE AND RESEARCHED THIS PHONE FIRST ON AMAZON.COM BECAUSE IT HAS MADE ME THE HAPPIEST PERSON LIKE OMG ITS SO BIG SO THATS ALREADY A PLUS :) IT WORKS AMAZINGLY THE ONLY THING I HAD TO DO WAS GO TO AT&T AND GET ANOTHER SIM CARD THAT FITS :) SO AGAIN I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYONE!!!!!

After breaking my Motorola, I decide to go with this cell, and for the price.....it's a no brainer.It read my SIM right away w/o any issues, connect to hot spot &#34;trouble free&#34;.I can break down the N9000 like this.Performance 9.5/10 (rx signal jumps in dB by two bars were I use to have one bar)Ergonomics 7/10 (big unit almost entire hand)Accessibility 8/10 (big screen nice/easy to use)Managing 8/10 (sorts out files & transfer troubleshooting free)User friendly 10/10 (widget easy access)Wi-Fi 3/10 (shuts down my other wi-fi connect devices)Appeal 8/10 (eye catchy, white very difficult to miss)Platform 7/10 (cannot handle very task [+5] at the time, ram have a tendency freeze up)Voice call 6/10 (low tone, wont increase)Internet 6.5/10 (keeps shutting down intermittently after several minutes)Bottom line!I recommend this item according to user's needs.

....they should have full coverage for the phone, I dropped it on carpet cuz someone bumped me and they won't do nothing about it, sounds dumb to me.

Nice phone and good value for the price. Just a couple of things, The headphone jack is too long, so you have to use the headphones provided by the seller. I attempted to use an audio cord to play music in my car and it was a no go. I eventually had to strip the end of the cord down to make the plug longer. Also, beware of shipping times from overseas. The phone took almost a month to arrive, even though that was stated before purchasing. All in all, a good phone and a good purchase so far.

I ordered this phone for my sister and she loves it. She has T-mobile and she just had to switch the sim card to this phone and the phone was working right away. Its been over a month now and everything is working. It came with 2 batteries (don't know why, one battery last long enough for her), battery charger, screen cover and phone cover.

These phones just keep freezing up all the time. Not reading memory card.Not holding internet connection. will not recommend it to anyone.

The phone came with the wrong version of Android. They advertised 4.x but the phone had an earlier version. They asked me to take pics and send to them. I got back my refund but it was a waste of my time.

Its basicly the same as a note 2Big phoneWorks well with straighttalkMy data isn't working how do I fix that??

The phone is a great price but im frustrated with it now. The internet is very slow i cant send or receive pictures and cant get ringtones how i want to. If these problems can be fix this would be a great phone for me.

Great screen and very good product. Runs all needed Android applications. Love the 2 batteries. Camera sucks and you won't be able to find a good case, but other than that, it's a great working phone that supports 2 SIM cards.

I just ordered this phone from Alanstore and I'm excited to get it! Can anyone tell me how long it took them to get their phone? I ordered it on the 3rd and its not estimated to come in till June 27 through July 16 will it really take that long?!

I purchased this phone maybe about a month ago and it has been nothing but trouble for me.  Someone else had ordered it for me so I was not aware of the reviews until now :-/  I can't send or receive picture messages, it has constant glitches, I have to soft reset it all the time, majority of the time I can't connect to my network to even access the internet or anything else.  All I'm ever able to do is sent text and calls. I can't seem to find out anything about any possible software updates in hopes that may help.  Any helpful tips.... anyone?

I wasn't satisfied with the product. It came in Japanese and then you had to figure out how to convert it. Then when I was finally able to connect to my home wifi, the internet was in a Japanese as well. Never recognized my sim card. Then when I returned it, I never got a refund. DO NOT ORDER THIS CELL PHONE

It was a mistake purchasing this phone.  It starting having problems within the first week of purchase.  You can not turn the volume up and down and it locks frequently.  I would not recommend this phone to anyone.  I have already had to replace it, and I have only had it for a couple of weeks.

It is an unmatched replica of the Samsung product in character, and firmly built to last. I recommend it to anyone in place of another brand model.

I RECEIVED A BROKEN ITEM, I BOUGHT TWO PHONES AND NONE OF THEM CHARGE WITH THEIR CHARGERS, PLUS THEY DO NOT WORK PROPERLY AND DO NOT WORK WITH MY CARRIER.

Beautiful phone works great. I bought this phone for my boyfriend and he fell in love with it. Would recommend it to others

The phone broke no good cheap phone but pay $142 need money back don't need to sell this phone ty

Just receicved phone setup in ten minutes with straight talk having issues with mms working on apn seting, set a pin during setup you will have to use pin to unlock phone to escape the emergency only screen

This phone suck don't waste your money my phone shut down atleast 10 times a dayIt look nice but that's about it .tried to get money back the guy told me I had to pay 20 bucks for shippingI should have known not to order something from china. Again do not order this phone.

this phone works horrible and will not sync my contacts connect to the internet or make calls or send texts I want a refund and my money back asap

quality beats the price.....this is simply getting more for lessjust like the galaxy note2...happy with what i paidwill reccommendnow i see more with this fone....love it more than i thot

So far this is an excellent phone. This my 2nd purchase for unlocked phones from Amazon and they're pretty good! All features work great. 2 batteries, spare case, working charger and new phone straight out the box. Put my T-mobile sim and input sum of my passwords and it all came along....just like a Galaxy Note but a few differences but not really noticable. I will say be careful finding accessories for Foreign phones becuz they aren't many available. My only issues is that i have have to get another memory card becuz none of my GooglePlay downloads will come thru becuz my current Memory card has a few items on it. But other than that, this was a GREAT purchase!!!!

I received this phone and when I got it activated I starting getting hot and the battery does not stay charged.....I am usually pleased with my products from Amazon but I must stay I am very disappointed with this one.

(Using for 4 months)At such a relatively low price, this is a very nice product. My main concerns were:wifi connectivitynavigationbattery lifecamera qualityThis product is very good in above aspects other than battery life. However, I'LL HIGHLY RECOMMEND GETTING ANDROID APP &#34;EASY BATTERY SAVER&#34; as this app increases battery life to great extent and all battery related issues just go away.One issue is that I cannot navigate mobile while being charged. It becomes crazy and it has issues with identifying what key is pressed. But this is not an issue for me as I wont use it while being charged.Highly recommended product.

Do not use T Mobile with this phone if you want the 3G you will need to use AT&T;, If you use T Mobile you will only get 2g service.The phone its self is very nice for the price.

The phone I received was an upgrade.  It is a 5.5 Galaxy Note 2 clone.  After 3 weeks, it is still working great.  The volume is just right, there is no need to hold the phone close to my ear. The only detail is the low memory for apps.  I have downloaded apps to my SD card due to the fact, that the phone apps will not work properly if the internal memory is full.  I would rather have more internal memory.  Otherwise the phone works great for my purpose.

Speakers/mic went out and its Chinese phone nobody has parts to repair and they don't wanna give me my money back don't buy it

I have had my phone for about a month now running off straight talk. I absolutely love it! I get signal pretty much anywhere I go. The phone itself is just as fast as any other top named brand phone out there today. I have played memory intensive games on it along with multitasking and have not ran into the problem of it "lacking" or slowing down one bit. It's running on Android jelly bean 4.1.9 and runs any app offered in the Google Play Store. Facebook, instagram, twitter, etc. runs great. It doesn't have as many settings to the galaxy note but for a $400 difference im not complaining one bit. The GPS works flawlessly and very very accurate I have used it many times and it always came through with flying colors. Texting on the phone is a breeze just like any other smartphone. The headphone jack is a 3.5mm BUT it is a longer jack than most 3.5mm headjacks so if you want to hook it up to anything via 3.5mm cable you will need to buy one at Wal-Mart or Radio Shack etc. If you take the headphones that you recieved with your order, you should be able to find a cable for it.Pros:When using an app and you recieve a phone call it takes the call and once done with call it goes right back where you left off.Setting up with straight talk was very simple and very easy.It connected to all the bluetooth enabled devices I tried such as headset, speakers, car, etc. without a problem.LOVE the big 5.1" screen I don't think I would ever go back to something smaller than 5".Camera on back is great with good lighting I have seen better but it does what it needs to and does it well. Camera on the front is OK not bad and not good just in between.Call quality is great no buzz or humming when making a phone call long distance or local.Touchscreen is very responsive although on some occasions I have had to hit it twice to recognize the touch.Easy to root if you are wanting to get more out of your phone.WiFi is EXCELLENT very fast and never loses signal.Cons:Battery life is OK but from a 100% charge in the morning by 5-6 at night the battery is down to 30% BUT i did find and ordered a upgraded battery on ebay for about $10.I can't update the firmware as of now (might be just me) but it is already running jelly bean so really no big deal.The LED flash on back is not really good at all. As i said before you have to have decent lighting to really capture something.I was also reading a review and wanted to say that you CAN use this phone without a SIM card BUT you can't use the phone part of it. I just wanted to clear that part up.If anybody has any questions I'll be more than happy to help as best as possible.Overall I would DEFINITELY buy this phone again or recommend to anyone wanting to upgrade.

I just received my phone and I am in absolute love with this device, however can someone tell me how to get the chinese language out of the messaging area....Pleaseeeeeeee

First off, i received the phone and the box had damage to it. When i first turned on the phone after putting in the battery it turned on fine and then when i went to enter the messaging menu the screen glitched for a second and then returned to normal. Ever since then the phone has been getting worse and worse. I figured at first it was just then phone initial thing for being turned on for the first time. As the time went on though the glitches have been lasting longer and happening more frequently. I now cannot even use the phone hardly because the screen just glitches and freezes. I cannot even turn it off when this happens. I have to remove my battery and turn it back on and not even that works anymore. Now when i remove the battery and turn it back on the screen is just white, and stays that way. I have to repeat the process several times before it will even turn on properly and when it does power on again i have about 2-3 minutes before it glitches again. I am VERY unsatisfied with this phone. I spent $190.97 on this phone and expect to have a phone that is nice and works properly for that price. This is completely outrageous! I do not want a replacement i just want my money back for the product. I will never buy a product from this seller again and i do not recommend anyone else does either. Not only that but when i received the cell phone there were already scratches on the screen and blemishes around the sides of it as well as a few scratches on the inside where the battery goes. Please do not waste your money on this product.

how do i send an email just purchase the phone and i need to let them know i want the white color of the phone

Half the touch screen on this item has already failed. Get what you pay for. The hardware itself is decent but the touch screen is crap.

Phone works great for 168 dollars, my sprint bill was always around 150 dollars a month I let my contract expire purchased the n900 and run it on simpledata for 40 bucks a month unlimited data. love this phone a little hard to setup internet with simple but i figured it out well worth the money saving over 110 bucks a month I feel great you will not be sorry if you buy this phone one important thing if you want the phone in black you must send email to the sender or they will send you a white phone.

this smart phone was on the market befor you ever seen a smart phone like it and if you,v seen one then this is it .

I would love to purchase this phone but,I'm really concerned. I Would like too know if it works with att sim cards?

I really like this phone for the price . It has slightly less signal than the galaxy nexus but makes and receives calls fine. Wifi ,email and apps work fine.The main problem I had with this phone was getting picture messages to work. It took me a week to figure it out. You have to set up a separate Apn for the mms. If you go to wirevalley.com they will give instructions how how to set up 2 Apn's one for talk text and data and the other Apn for mms (picture messaging)

Value for money... Awesome product... You will find all that you want in your phone.... Similar to Galaxy NoteBattery life superbDown side is other Ear phone jack is not fitting in 3.5 port.I will Redmond to all

I was so excited when I got this phone and then the shoe dropped.  I went to tmobile to get it activated and couldn't get more than 2g on this phone.  I didn't even know there was such a thing as 2g!!!  When I was able to get a call it was a surprise and it would drop the calls.  It is a good camera and video recorder.  BUT THE POINT IN GETTING THIS WAS TO MAKE CALLS.!!!!  I ended up having to get a cheapo phone from Tmobile just so I could make and receive calls.  Someone else said the same thing about this phone on the comments and I didn't heed the warning!!!  IF YOU ARE WANTING TO TALK ON THIS PHONE YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO DO SO!!!!!  IF YOU WANT TO MAKE VIDEOS AND TAKE PICS,  GO FOR IT BY ALL MEANS.

I bought this phone for my sister and it took about a month to get to our house which was ok, disappointing, but ok. Once we received the phone it took us a week to get AT&T to set it up as their phone, and then the messaging (picture and text) did not work at all we had to shut the phone off numerous times and reset it and yet still nothing. This phone is not worth the price we paid. It's seriously a piece of junk!

Awesome phone, just as described. Works perfectly with TELCEL (Mexican carrier) sim card. All functions and commands as all android phones, fast and great display. Would recommend to anyone.

I have purchased this phone and after waiting for a month the stupid phone is jacked up. I am so upset about this because it is a cool phone. Will not purchase another phone on line AGAIN. This has been a horrible experience.

First of all, amazing phone for $150, that being said the GPS never worked and takes forever to search for location. The most ANNOYING thing is that now my screen blinks on and off during phone calls which is fine if some one on the other end hangs up otherwise you would have to take the battery out. There is ABSOLUTELY NO WAY you can listen to your voice mails or make any automated phone calls.My return window expired two weeks ago and now i am stuck with a phone that i cannot use to make phone calls.UPDATEThis phone is basically an S4, therefore one can get help from S4 forums. Found out the proximity sensor and the GPS is a huge problem with the S4's.For a solution i downloaded an app called "keep light on" which took care of the blinking problem. Next i downloaded "mapquest" which works much better than google maps.Now my phone is running like nothing ever happened

I bought this phone a month or two ago, and I really enjoy it except for the fact that I can not find a case anywhere that fits it. Anyone know of any kind of case that will work?? Thanks.

I really enjoy this phone the screen is wide. Great for the internet and watching videos and movies. The internet is a little slow can't wait for the 4G verison to came out. My only problem is i'm in US and i speak English and the phone has some chinese writing on it in my recent calls and contacts also it doesn't seem to be reading my music on my SD card other than that the phone is pretty cool.

This phone does not function properly at all... Most of the options that should be available in settings and other options menus do not exist on this phone! For example, the Navigation is useless as there is no way to enable the gps for the phone... Absolutely no memory. When the phone contains approximately 17-20 text mesages a warning comes up saying the memory is full.... JUNK!

I thought at first I was Happy with my purchase With this big beautiful till it started acting up? Flashing screen? Sensitive to touch? Then Finally you Cannot see screen to make or get calls???as soon as you find a contact and push call the screen turns blank? So you can't tell what to o if prompted to push numbers or simple hang up or Reject a call????

When I bought this phone I was told that it would work with T-mobile without any problems. Once I popped in my sim I realized the internet was extremely slow, but texting, MMS, and voice worked fine. After a couple of hours trying to get the internet to work I gave up and went on some online forums to seek help. It turns out this phone will work great with ATT, but will only work at 2G/EDGE speeds when used on the T-mobile network. If you need this phone only to make calls or text people then this is a steal! But if you're like me who needs to use their phone to check emails on the go then you might want to look somewhere else. The phone is big, and the screen is decent. Obviously the screen isn't equipped with the latest technology and doesn't do too well in direct sunlight but it is responsive.

I ordered this phone at the end of January and received it quickly. Everything worked fine right out of the box, but problems came quickly afterwards. Most noticeably, the mini-usb port broke internally, taking down the home button's functioning as well. It was less than a couple weeks!I toughed it out anyway, using an external charger to charge the batteries, and the batteries won't charge anymore, either, one breaking a couple months ago, and the other battery and charger dying now, five months after originally purchasing the phone, rendering the whole kit'n'kaboodle worthless without extra purchases.I'll gladly admit that the phone's software worked fine (though call quality was poor, no matter where I called from,) and the device did its job well otherwise, but the fickle hardware just isn't worth risking. I got what I paid for. You may, too, so beware!

I got the phone at a good price. it worked great for a bit then (BIG SURPRISE) just after the return time was up the screen started shutting off when i would try to make calls... then when ever it felt like it. Then it stopped getting a signal. So i tried to return it and that was a hassle and now its been a week or so and i still have not received my &#34;partial return&#34; and amazon does not have the tracking for me to find where the phone is currently... I'm upset about this whole processes. It makes me want to cancel my amazon account all together

I cannot use it because my sim cards do not fit in the phone!I would have to cut the sim card to fit the phone.

I LOved the size and the camera quality was amazing! But I couldnt add new contacts and it ddnt work well with tmobile network.

SLOW INTERNET BUT ITS SPEEDING UP. OTHER THEN THAT I LIKE IT. BUT IM GOING TO GO BIGGER NEXT TIME

excellent product: fast internet, good document system, excellent Apps and wonderfull picture. There is nothing to complain if you compare it  price with other phone.

I'm pretty sure this is a Note without the name on the phone. It has a gorgeous screen and is very quick. It is running on Straight Talk and no problems to report there. Service is reliable and unlimited. Full access to android apps and the phone has an option to automatically store apps to sd card if allowed.It comes with a flip open cover and also a colored back plate. Also included is a second battery and stubby stylus.Has flash and dual cameras. Have not tried video chat yet. Pictures or ok, not outstanding.Follow Up 10/5/13:We had to discontinue using this phone because the voice input stopped working. People could not hear what was being said. It was a good phone while it lasted.

Excellent Phone....its nothing less than the original Note except that it doesn't have the stylus.Price is very resonableHas dual SIMTested it in India and worked great.

I gave 5 start because this cellphone is massive...it is a great. work great. Everywhere I go people ask is that the Samsung note...

I got this phone 2 months ago and its still working perfectly.  I was a bit reluctant to buy this as its a clone phone, but I don't regret it at all.  Some people don't like the size of it, but you get used to it.  The OS runs smoothly, the battery life is fair for a smart phone, and the only thing I can really complain about is the headphone jack.  It seems that people have found earbuds that work with it though.  The little silver border has also started to peel off too.  I bought mine from abc800 and requested white. The shipping took about two weeks and it came in the color i asked for.  I do not use a data plan on my carrier so I can't really review the data capabilities and speed, but the wifi is pretty quick.  With quite a bit of usage, bluetooth, wifi, and data not on, i have to charge it maybe once every two to three days.  I've dropped it twice, one being particularly bad, with only damage to the screen protector.  I've yet to find a case that fits on it, but i haven't really been looking. The camera on the back is fair, the flash is useless, and the front camera is also fair. The box came with a flip case, a hard case, the charger, and two batteries. I haven't really had any problems with call quality, though when looking at videos without earbuds the speaker volume may seem low.  That probably depends on the video though because I've also watched videos on my phone that I was able to hear just fine.

I have this now for almost two months and I like it I got from hot-global fulfill with amazon. First the 3G was not working so I emailed the seller and they work me through they are very helpful and the phone is fast the screen is perfect My only problem is the quality of the picture of its camera it is poor. Other than that it is perfect. My husband thinks this phone is too big so if you don't like big phones not the right one for you.

I had the phone a week and I like it and then I realized I couldn't get my picture mail then i realize I couldn't listen to my music.  I was find with that because i found a way around that but my phone started  going crazy. and I loose all my phone contacts.  I had to set it back to factory settings about 5 times already. I would advise you to think twice before buying this phone

the phone  it not even  8gb  very slow but the price good  so I learn my mistake no more again

OS 5 starsScreen:  4 stars (sensitivity is variable across the surface area, defect in the middle that causes warpage)WiFi: 2 stars (weak antenna, I have to contantly move to another location in my house to get a reasonable signal)Battery:  3 stars (about two days of charge under normal use)Camera:  2 stars (no need for 8 megapixels for a smartphone, 5 is enough.  flash is terrible.  terrible in low light and action shots)Phone: 3 stars (sound quality and reception average)Overall:  3 stars- phone is too big to operate with one hand (I am 6'4&#34;)- Android OS is excellentWould not recommend.

great phone

update: signal on this phone screwed up my whole weekend..i have a bad signal where i live and this thing made it worse....phone is trash and i want my money back asap....phone is not entirely compatible with at&t dont waist your money, go to an at&t store and haggle...

I used my phone for a week and am now returning it due to a number of problems.  There are good and bad about the phone, but overall, avoid it.The good:Easy to rootFastICSThe bad:Battery life sucks.Manufacturing shortcuts:  glass is curved at the edges, not flush with bezel.  Back cover is very fragile when removing.Constant warning message when not using SIM 2.GPS connects inconsistently.Many GAPPS missing, but claim they're installed.A SIM management program is installed but not properly working.VERY low WIFI reception.Occasionally, Chinese pops through when everything should be English.Camera is lousy.Does not come with pictured accessories (to be fair, they're not listed in the description either, and this did not influence the number of stars I gave it).For all the good reviews, I expected the phone to be much better.  It does feel sturdy, and it is definitely fast, but not worth keeping at the price.  The Motorola Atrix is a similar price, and has custom ROMS to take it to ICS or JB.  If you're willing to root and reflash, that is a much better option.

Glitches in software, I guess. Screen will sometimes jitter around. Screen not registering touches. The entire 7 row of keys unresponsive. All of this didn't start to happen until had it for couple of months, so can't return it. I took a chance on this phone and unfortunately I lost on this one. Fortunately only out $140 rather than a much larger amount.

i ordered two of  this product from lolbuy!!.....they are really good dealers. my phone came after ONE week of ordering it.when i saw it i knew it was what i wanted and my money was not a waste. the phone is absolutely gorgeous. lolbuy added three phone cases, a battery,earphone and a charger. the only problem right now is my internet is not working but am sure everything will be fine SOON!! this phone is compatible with T-mobile!!!!!!i will recomend this phone and the dealer(lolbuy) to anyone who wants it!!!!

This item is great. I love it. It has all the right features and better than any other phone I've ever purchased. Thank You

I bought this phone and am very pleased to say that it's not only a nice looking phone, it is fully functional. Since it was already unlocked, I had no problem popping in a sim card and using whatever carrier I wanted. The price kinda had me skeptical, but it really turned out to be a great phone.

I live in Japan and bought the phone for my wife in February. Shipping was fast to be overseas (FPO) and we just popped in the SIM from Softbank and it works great. All the apps and touchscreen are really responsive and I cannot find any real faults. Still working like new, if it last more than a year i'd call it a bargain.

I have to admit that I waited too long before I finally decide to buy a new phone to replace mine with a broken screen, I made the right choice when opting for this one. I read all the reviews for hours and finally decided to go for it. Item arrived before the expected time and is exactly as it was described. Would I recommend it? Absolutely yes!!!

If I could give this phone a negative 5 stars, I would. I have been unable to send or receive picture messages since the day I FINALLY received it. Shortly thereafter, the phone stopped ringing and now it doesn't even vibrate. I do not want anyone to get a bad phone like I did, so I would not recommend this phone to ANYONE. I am sending mine back but the post office has already told me that it will be over $20 (of my hard earned money) to send it back. I think that is so unfair and the seller said he would refund my money AFTER he gets the phone back. If it takes it as long to get to him as it did for the phone to get to me, that is going to be a whole month. So, trust me this phone is not worth all of the hassle :-(

I ordered from keydroper and got my phone in about 14 days(I live in Hawaii). The seller was very nice, answered every email promptly! I received my phone through usps, and it was very well packaged! I fell in love with it the moment i opened the box!! I love how huge the phone is! It worked perfectly out of the box, I received everything shown in the picture, including both the cases, for free!! It is a great deal for 183$. Im using it on tmobile,and it is working just fine. I don't regret this purchase at all and would recommend it to everyone! Very much worth it.

I just got this yesterday from seller Citus through Amazon Prime.  First of all, my sim card from TMobile did not fit at all. I had to go to T-Mobile and they inserted the right sim card. This phone is decent. Everything works. I live in Chicago, so this works in the USA. The phone is big, u can make calls, text and get texting back. The edge from t mobile is slow but still works. I usually use wifi at work and at home so this doesn't bother me at all.The things I dislike are:1. The back case is not very durable.2. I feel like the screen is so bright even when adjusted to the lowest setting, not sure if this is good for the eyes. The colors are washed out and super bright. It is not clear as my Samsung S2.3. I was able to get apps such as Netflix, Hulu Plus, HBO GO, Kindle, Google Play books etc. I noticed the Netflix is slow to load.4. Home Button is very flimsy and cheap5. Camera is mediocre-be warned it only works bets in very bright lighting6. The volume is ok a bit muffled, not great7. The keyboard is mostly good. Only thing when I hit the o it sometimes hit the i and my fingers are tiny and still hit the wrong key.I gave this a 3.5 stars. I clicked 3.5 but would only have me clicked 4. So  overall 3.5Overall it is a decent phone that works. I do feel this is not the same size as a Samsung note though. I even compared the Note from Tmobile store to this. The Samsung Note is bigger. This is comparable to the S4 in size. I feel like it is misleading when people say this is the same size as the Note.For 130-140 dollars this is a good phone for a cheap price really.EDITING MY REVIEW CHANGING TO A 2 STAR: On my 4th day of using this while I was trying to dial to an important phone call the phone froze up and it would not even show the dial pad. It took me 2-3 minutes in order for the dial pad to show up. This is not a good phone if there is an emergency. Sorry I am returning this phone thank god for Amazon Prime. This phone is not stable, it works in the beginning then suddenly stops working. BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK. Maybe there is a reason why these phones are very cheap.

I really like this phone a lot! But.... how the hell do you screen shot!?!? Can any one tell me plz I kno it can be done because my 2year old did it couple days ago but I can seem to figuer it out and its not like my two year old can explain to me how she did it.... HELP!!!

I LOVE MY PHONE , I have had  it for about 6 months now ,and I am still learning new things about it ,the things the phone will do is endless.

I got my phone yesterday and so far so good no problem at all will update review later stay posted but I'm enjoying it so far

I was very suprised when I received my new phone to find 2 cases included in the box.  A screen protector was already nicely placed on the screen, two batteries, and a usb wall charger.  My only disappointments are that the phone does not have a stylus slot, and the headphone port does not fit any of my headphones or my aux cable... if they fix that at least, then I would be very pleased.  Overall, still really impressed with the quality for the price!

I has a big screen, good quality but I can find a rubber case for the protection samsung galaxy note is very similar but the camera and flash are in different place, please check before you buy it.

Ok. I might run out of room to type. Any way this is the best phone deal I have ever come across. I'm from New Jersey and I have seen all the deals when it comes to phones . This is one of the hottest phone ever. I can do everything you people with Samsung galaxies can do on yours!! And best part it i pay 30 dollars per month with no contract because my phone is equipped for a SIM card through boost mobile!! @lolbuy you deserve this rating because you shipped my phone in one week. I didn't wait long like amazon said. You surpassed my expectations. Stay in contact with me:) @amazon if you are reviewing this feedback this is a great dealer to buy from.

Pro.: Good Performance, excellent lcd brightness, nice secundary camera for video call and video chat.Con.: Poor flash primary camera. Light so high from capacitive buttons

For the price I couldn't believe how great this phone was.  Dual sim slots to fit any sim card type or carrier.  CDMA or GSM.  The back cover with the fold over screen protector was very neat but was a hassle when using the rear camera.  I love this phone for the price.  THe only issue I ever had was with certain apps not working properly mainly the Chromecast plugin for Netflix. Ultimately this was a deal breaker for me and I ended up getting a new phone.  Passed it on as a hand me down to my little brother and he loves it.Phone was used for Straight Talk.

I want to ask a question: I'm I getting the white phone or the black and which of the pictures is the exact product that I am getting?

This phone was nice for a few months all features worked, but the battery wouldn't hold a charge.  Now I know why they sent with 2 batteries.  The factory reset does Not work.  The phone somehow became corrupt either the operating system an app became corrupt and now it has many error msgs.The factory reset will not work, now its a paperweight.This made in China is like all other items made in China cheap and doesn't last that long.Don't but it ...spend a little more a get anything but made in China.not even worth 1 star

I rarely write reviews but feel a need to share some things I see here. This phone seems pretty decent so far, it is responsive, decent screen resolution. It is advertised to seem to have a 5 inch screen, this is not true, the screen is actually 4.25 inches by about 2 and 9/16 inches, it is actually same size as Galaxy s3 screen. Other than that it is pretty good for price range. It comes with 2 batteries but one of them was defective (Amazon was good about this and made it right)one reason I shop Amazon. BUT the need to have 2 batteries is becoming apparent as with little use after being on for about 3 hours battery has dropped to 60% with wireless and blue tooth both off and no calls just sitting,so maybe not so hot in that area,and will be a deal killer for me, have to see how this goes.More later(not much later) home button will not bring it out of sleep mode most of the time seems defective I think I will return it, too much wrong to have any confidence in it.Have had it called to my attention that I am wrong here, my measurements were up and down and straight across,phones are measured same as tv's diagonally so upon re measuring I find that it is still not 5 inches, it measures 4.7 inches diagonally.Close but still not 5 inches.

I bought this phone and activated at AT&T; store.internet speed was so slow with AT&T; data plan. So, I cancelled my data plan.  I cannot use 3G.  It use E.internet speed using Wifi is ok.

OK if you're comaparing this phone with an 800.00 note don't.This phone is a awesome phone for the price screen is vibrant with pretty nice viewing angles its fast responsive.Quality of the phone feels really good.I have T-Mobile and net10 both Sims work simultaneously T-Mobile only gets Edge but net10 gets 3g and H in San Diego.I think T-Mobile will soon complete the refarming of there 1900mhz so maybe soon we will get 3g on unlocked phones

Its not what they say it is, it says 8gb but its not,the camera is very low grade, it won't  let me watch any youtube video's. It keep say phone memory is full after serfing the net. NOT AT ALL WHAT I PAID FOR! and no respond from the seller at all.

.N9770 (U920) - 5.08 inch MTK6577 1.2GHz dual core CPU android 4.0.4 ICE CREAM SANDWICH 3G smartphone dual sim 8MP camera WIFI GPS, new google play store and flash player supportedI love this phone. It has excellant memory, the camera take good pictures, and good speakers. However the backing keep falling off and customers cannot order a hard cover. The one recommended for it does fit on the phone: the camera holes and the front sensors does not match on the cover that was recommended by amazon.amazon  recommend the cover for the galaxy and when I got it; it was all wrongrevised (august 1 2013 )*I never found the correct cover.*the face of phone is made of glass and is very fragile and shattered at the top. when it tunbled down off one shelf to another.*sometimes the apps will not boot but can be restared and then it  starts* the speaker does not work as loud any more.here it is 9-24-13 and no hardcover that has the right holes and side buttons.  DOES ANYONE HAVE THIS COVER.  I WOULD LOVE IT IF SOMEONE WOULD LET ME KNOW

It sucks the sim card slot was missing parts the screen was crack and the charging port was to loose and also the camera for infront kept force closing and also the screen setting was too hate it dont buy it

it gets here soon. looks like an ok phone. hope it has a really big screen and is fast phone.

this is a very nice phone for that price. I actually ended up getting 2 one for me one for my sister. The only downfall that  have is that I ordered it black and I got both white!

will this work with a straight talk(walmart cell phones) sim card ? since it's like the Galaxy notes... ?? or no??

I really liked the phone. this is my first non-branded dual SIM phone and I really loved the look the feel and the usablity of the unit. It was BIG screen and the OS was smooth and the processer was fast. I still had to send it back as the external Micro SD card reader was defective. The security clip was broken and one of the contacts were missing. I shall re-order one more time and hopefully it shall come with no defects. Was bummed out that I had to pat $1 more that what i was charged for shipping when I sent it back.

when i first got the phone, it was great. After a few hours, the power button completely stop working. Then when i tried to return it, it cost almost 100 dollars to ship it! waste of my time and money. I advise you to not get it

I have used this phone for over one year and I have never regretted. I hesitated since it was not one of the usual brands but I have found it reliable, robust and has very useful features. I gave it to my son recently and he  says it as the best phone he has had so far.

I have had the phone for a few months now and I really can't complain about it. The biggest negative that I have about the phone is that the internet is a tad bit slower than I am used to. But at the price, it is definitely bearable. I get great reception and everything about the phone works as it should. I would definitely buy this product again

Not what I was looking for plus was the total opposite of what I read. Do not buy a china phone unless your in china .

i like it but its not theone i order it works when it wont to not to happy about that cant order a case for it so im not happy @ all

Like most purchasers of this phone it was kind of a risk. However, I took the plunge, well a few months later I find the phone to be just that ...ok. I think the biggest issue is the low internal memory as such various issues arise such as intermittent freezes. In general though, the phone does work and would be good for a non-techie.

the phone is very good but i cant get a case to fit the phone one of the best phones i have ever had in a long time

the phone is just brand new, with new attractive features. It's like a newer model to the old one, the only thing was that it took forever for it to get to me, other than that, it is very nice. Also, the battery dies so fast unlike the former one that last for a while, but it is still adorable.

I ordered this phone from ProntoTec using Amazon prime.  The phone arrived with a screen cover full of bubbles, a battery already in it (no second battery), a case that was a flip case but at least an inch smaller than the phone.  The home button didn't work.  The cord was missing (although the charger was in the box). And that's just a few of the problems.  I am waiting for the phone to become available from another supplier before I reorder it.  I'm not sure if this was an issue with the seller and since I was unable to contact them, I would not take a chance and order anything else from the company.

great phone! and the company i bought it from on here is planet tek worlwide! they were very honest and nice! answered all questions! and the phone is better than the galaxy note! i love it and would recommend the company and phone to everyone! uses both sims! i have an at&t sim and a straighttalk sim in it and it works great!

My phone carrier is verizon wireless, and I was wondering if i can use my verizon sim on this phone?

Got this phone to replace a att go phone, that replaced a lost 4s, for $200 bucks shipped can't beat it, works fine 95% of the time so far. There are negatives, it has no real available cases, the headphone jack is a little quirky, and it can be a little slow at times over cellular data and with the gps but you get your moneys worth,it beats paying $200-$250 for a used phone and that's how much you'd have to spend to get something comparable in a major name brand like Samsung or HTC, scored 4399 on AnTuTu benchmark.

I love this phone, it is huge so I had to give it to my husband. I bought another phone from, he same vendor and Its already here. Super fast delivery. I bought from new island, their awesome!

I use my Note 2 as an MP3 player (I do a one man band show and need backing tracks) and needed a backup MP3 player in case the Samsung should fail.  After searching in the $100.00 or so price range I decided to take a chance with the I9220.  For the price of a decent dedicated MP3 player I like the extra goodies that comes with a smartphone.  I knew it wouldn't be a match for the Note 2, but since I really won't be using it as a phone I wasn't interested in it's 3G and 4G limitations.All I can say is that I'm impressed.  I loaded many of my Note 2 apps from the Google Play Store, which went without a hitch.  So far, no complaints on the headphone jack either, as others have commented on.  For people having a problem I suggest getting an iPhone adapter.  Early iPhones had recessed headphone jacks, and this phone likely requires such a jack.  I modified my jacks when I had an iPhone, so they work well with this phone.  Concerning sound quality out of the headphone jack, my preliminary tests show it has better sound than the Note 2.  I didn't expect that.  I need to do further testing, so don't hold me to this.  The onboard speaker lacks bass, but the volume is good enough.  The onboard camera is pretty bad, but I'm comparing it to the Note 2.Considering I paid over 5x's the price for the Note 2, I am very happy with this phone.  Time will tell if it will hold up, but for me it's just a backup device, so unless it goes bad while stored in a suitcase, it will likely last a very long time.BTW, whoever installed the screen protector did an excellent job.  Better than any I have ever installed.  I really didn't know it was on until I used a pair of strong reading glasses.UPDATE:  I just checked the "about phone" section on the phone and see that I got the GT-I9500.  No where does it mention the I9220.  Also, the baseband is MTK6515.  Android version is 4.2.2.  Whatever they call it, it's working great so far.  Lightahead was the seller, fullfilled through Amazon.For a good video describing this phone check: [...] or do a YouTube search for: N9000 DEMO1  My phone (black color) matches the phone shown with the on-off on the right side.  Also, mine didn't come with the "comprehensive Android manual" he mentions in the video.Update 10/30/13:  I took off one star for the viewing angle.  When viewing from the front of the camera, which is how I use it as an MP3 player, it's pretty bad.  My Samsung Note 2 kills in this respect, and you can see the difference in screen quality big time in this respect.  After extensive testing I can say for sure the audio chip in this phone is better than my in my "real" Note 2.  This has become my primary MP3 player, with the Note 2 being used as a backup.Sorry for not reviewing the phone call capabilities, and all I can say is it does work as a phone, since I tried it with my Note 2 sim card.  In all other respects it continues to work as a dependable device.  Maybe I just got lucky and got one of the "good ones".

Great phone for the price. It has all the necessary bells and whistle s....I have nothing to complain about except the internal memory of the phone.

I have a confession I used to be soooooo ashamed of pulling out my throwback flip phone now thanks to alanstore I am no longer ashamed to whip out my big face smartphone lol!!!! My phone arrived packaged with wrapping paper made a girl feel special!!Shipping was fast and so far so good with my device. Thanks so much for the customer care on the customization of my phone :)\

So I bought this phone last month and I must say I love it! it has everything I need and just having the big screen is very nice. I must say the case that it was sold with was pretty cheap, it snapped right off so I just decided not to use it, I was having a hard time finding for one since none of the sellers sell any accessories, but I found a case (Black) that is absoultely GREAT! I read a lot of reviews of people who were trying to find some cases and were not findin any. This case makes my phone look a lot fancier and it grips on firmly. if you own this phone this is a must buy product. Also for some of you that have a cracked screen but dont want to have to buy a new phone you all you gotta do is type in  "Star n900 replacement screen". you can find it on Amazon, Ebay or if you just google it you can also find them. Amazon and Ebay sell them cheaper though...I hope this helped you all.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00BHXKY8C/ref=oh_details_o01_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1

I'm with Tmobile and I needed a new phone without paying to much for it. I order the I9220 and I could not tell the difference between the I9220 and the Samsung galaxly note or Galaxy S4. I order the phone on Monday and received it on Thursday. I would order from this company again. Everything that they said would some with it did, no complaints from me. A very happy customer.

Does it have a stylus just like the note and are the note cases compatable with this.. So please answer

the phone came faster then expected, i received the phone with everytthing in it. I put my h20 card into it and it work perfectly. the only thing im tryin to figure out is why my internet not working with this phone tho, once i put the sim card in

So far this phone works fine. It was a gift and is well enjoyed at this time. The phone was received on time. I think the extra battery is a +. So far the phone has met expectations. Another review possibly at a later date, as we have just begun to use (Christmas gift).

Yes the phone is great but it sucks when it turns off all of a sudden & won't turn back on.. i don't know why..

I purchased this phone as a replacement of my old Galaxy Note 2, expecting very little. With my low expectations, I was quite surprised.This phone works better than similarly priced brand named phones on the market. That is, any Android phone running less than 4.0 was SUPER slow. This phone however had a large screen and was not too slow.My only complaints are these:- The earphone jack is too loose and my headphones slip out of the phone like it's oiled.- I had phone numbers already, and I had A LOT OF TROUBLE getting around the text messaging error. I figured out if you directly type in their contact information as a stream of numbers, i.e. xxxxxxxxx rather than xxx-xxx-xxxx, (xxx) xxx-xxxx, etc, it works just fine. I'm still trying to figure out how to fix that problem.- charger slips out too easily- it gets really hot sometimesOtherwise, things I love:- it came with 2 batteries!!!- one of the two cases the phone came with has a cover. It makes it easy for me to protect the phone screen. That said, I wouldn't risk dropping it.- smooth- still a knock-off; when people ask what brand/model it is, I tell them with humor that it's a good knock-off phoneAgain, I've previously had 3 "cheap" Android 2.x phones around the $100-$120 range, and they don't even compare to this phone.UPDATE 10/12, I am lowering my rating.. 3.5 stars really:Okay, so I've had this phone for much longer so I've got some chance to complain about it more. The longer you have it, I feel the longer you really get that it's a knock-off.Here are some more TRICKS AND FIXES:- download another browser; there's something about the built-in one that just really works terribly with this phone- the sound quality is DOWNRIGHT AWFUL; I have to push the phone's speakers directly into my ear to really hear someone sometimes- microphone quality is EVER WORSE; this is NOT the phone to do business with, I've received many many many complaints from custom service reps, friends, and colleagues that they have a hard time hearing me -- once they start saying I sound faint or far away, I cup the phone's microphone hole at the bottom of the phone so the sound bounces from my hand back to the microphone- find another charger if you can; funnily enough, the Kindle charger I had is tight enough that the phone won't fall outSome good notes:- this phone can take a beating, I've dropped it a lot of times. There's now a faint crack near the bottom of the screen, but I will deal with it. Also, it's super cheap so I don't get buyer's remorse like I would with a $700 phone.

I'm very happy with this product, it took a while to arrive but I finally got it, it's just great! Maybe more internal memory would be perfect but according to the price is fine

This phone worked for only one month and stop functioning. All the buttons stop to work LI mean all the functionality stay frozen. It very bad to allow these junks in the market.

This phone has the worst software ever. It could be the first Android software ever made.  Two weeks of half use; then it caught on fire. The End.

Not compatable with verizon. I was specifically searching for verizon phones on amazon and selected this one. Lots of time invested trying to get this working. Returning phone:(

THIS FONE LOOKXS GOOD BUT HAS A VERY SLOW INTERNET. ALSO THE STORAGE CAPACITY FILLS UP QUICK . I DONT RECOMEND THIS FONE. IT IS CHEAP IN PRICE AND QUALITY

I love this phone it has some issues like the screen freezes but other than that its nice to have a good phone

The camera on the phone displayed in a &#34;negative&#34; view while taking photos. If you flip the lens to take a photo of yourself, the view was perfect. Returned phone 2-28-14. Waiting on a refund, so I can order another phone from Amazon.

This phone is crap! Cannot get it to work!!! Waste of money :( want my money back! Instructions no good to program it. No phone number to call either.

I've only had phone for 3 weeks....... Phone volume stop working on phone and ran slow.  I would suggest alternative phone.

I like this phone but had some issues with the port inside the phone.  Hoping that I can get somewhere with this issue.

Out of all the products I ever purchased on AMAZON this was by far the worst.  I'm usually pretty satisfied with the electronics I buy here, but not this time.  The phone apps keep crashing.  It took 1 hr to 2 hrs to download one app at a time.  I couldn't receive picture messages. The screen would be unresponsive at times. I had it one day, and it was on its way back to the seller the next.

from the reviews i have read i see that everyone pretty much enjoys this phone. I just want to know if anyone has connected it with verizon. please get in contact with me ASAP.. I would love to purchase this phone  Thank you.

my phone was delievered on time and brand new as described but it was not very clear to me that this phone was like a mini computer. I think they should include in the description that this is a tablet phone and it is HUGE. Some people would love it and when I had it out around old folks they seemed to like it. It was WAYYYYY too big for me so i ended up sending it back. It was a pretty decent phone besides the fact that i felt like i was talking on my laptop.

I bought this phone for my husband. He loves it. We put it on the straight talk network and it gets wonderful signal and data runs at 3g and 4g speed. Processing speed picks up as you use the phone as well. Call quality is great whether on speaker phone or talking normal. This phone came with a case two batteries a charger block and usb adaptable cord. Does not come with a micro sd card for storage.

The phone just always randomly cuts off or just goes to a white screen. People has a hard time hearing me now and i cant get 3g on it.

I pondered over a few clones before finalizingwith this onei've had it about 4 days and fairly satisfied exceptfor the fact that it takes forever to charge 4-5 hours and i have trouble sending texthence the 4 star review.other than those two things it came fairly quickpakaged well i ordered from yorky roomtwo batteries one flip caseearphones and usb charger.i got the hd amoled one and truthfully its not but still very prettyhuge i mean huge screen!!!! like stated in other reviews camera low qualitybut ALL IN ALL IM HAPPPPPYYYYYi would order from this seller again

I bought this I9220 several days ago. All I can say about it is that the screen size is HUGE! Its the perfect size for my husband. We were very hesitant at first because its a replica of the Galaxy Note not the original. But when we got it we were surprise to find out this phone is actually really good. Don't get me wrong some of the features is not the same as the Galaxy Note but if you don't really care too much about the resolution being &#34;perfect&#34; then this is a great phone for $127.99. We used straight talk as the carrier and it works just fine. It came with 2 batteries, Charger, head phones/ear piece, screen protector, and a flip cover case. Now that's what you call a deal! I would defiantly recommend this product.

This is a good phone..screen is just touchy and slow sometimes to react to touch..So i bought another tablet instead for my purpose..9/5/13 Follow up review...I have this phone for a few months but i rarely use it...I ordered one for my brother but UNFORTUNATELY the seller is not a good one...It came from China and it took so long to come...And when it came it was defective..The screen will only light on when the earphone is attached...The screen had a lot of scratches which indicates that it was not a brand new one..The problem was not fixed so my brother had to send it back..And still doesn't know if he got his money back after 3 months...So it was a waste of time and money...You have to pay USPS with your own money to send it back...My only advice is make sure you order it from a reliable company since a lot of company in China are not trustworthy..Mine came from Hongkong...

Still no texting or picture sending. Internet spotty. Multiple APN settings tried through straight talk with no luck. If you text and enjoy sending photos this is not a phone for you. Currently looking for a new phone. Big disappointing experience.

This phone was the worst phone I have ever had I couldn't get pictures and it moved super slow my gps didn't work and the screen scratches very easily

Got the phone today and found out the OS has no Chinese language installed.  Very disappointed and have to return!

I bought this phone to use with a tmobile plan, but it didn't work for me. I have returned the item, and I am will be getting my money soon.

Great service, It came like three weeks earlier than what I expected! Recommending this phone to everyone I know! Its fast and reliable.

I was very pleased with the phone when I got it.  Packaged well, looked just like the picture, extra battery... Overall solid presentation and good value for the money.  I am an old android user, first gen G1 from tmobile... So I understand the software, ins and outs and all.  So functionally fairly happy with the hardware... A few glitches in the software but not bad.  I gave the phone as a present on 12/17/2012... She was happy.  Last night (1/29/2013) the phone just shut down and now will not reboot past the android screen.  Just loops and loops over and over.  I have cleared the data in the factory mode and also attempted a reboot.  Nothing, I emailed the seller and they did respond with the information of the hard reset...which I had already done but nothing will kick start this thing.  I am hoping that a remedy will be made and I am not stuck with a brick... I will update if anything changes.

I love my phone everything came as listed I'm satisfied with my purchase this is a must buy! You can't go wrong

AWESOMETHE BEST UNLOCKED DOUBLE SIM CARD PHONE.I'M REALLY HAPPY WITH THIS PHONE, 100% RECOMMENDED.RIGHT NOW I USE THIS DEVICE IN MY COUNTRY WITH TWO DIFERENT OPERATORS (DIGITEL/MOVILNET), IT WORKS  EXCELLENTTHE SCREEN IS VERY HUGE, THE PHOTO AND VIDEOS LOOKS GREATIS A EXACT REPLICA OF SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTEGOOGLE PLAY WORKS EXCELLENTMULTILANGUAGEICE CREAM SANDWICH ANDROID 4.0.4THE FULL PACKAGE INCLUDE:2 COVERS (LEATHER AND PLASTIC)2 BATTERIESSTYLUSDATA WIRECHARGERSCREEN SHIELDUNLOCKED DOUBLE SIM CARD PHONEOWNER MANUALIMPRESIONANTEMEJOR TEL&Eacute;FONO DESBLOQUEADO DOBLE SIM.Estoy muy contento con este tel&eacute;fono, el 100% RECOMENDADO.AHORA USO ESTE DISPOSITIVO EN MI PA&Iacute;S CON DOS OPERADORES DIFERENTES (Digitel / Movilnet), FUNCIONA PERFECTOLa pantalla es muy grande, las fotos y v&iacute;deos LUCEN INCRE&Iacute;BLESES UNA REPLICA EXACTA DE SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTEGOOGLE PLAY FUNCIONA EXCELENTEMULTILENGUAJEICE CREAM SANDWICH ANDROID 4.0.4EL PAQUETE COMPLETO INCLUYE:2 FORROS (1 cuero y 1 pl&aacute;stico)2 PILASSTYLUSCable de DatosCARGADORProtecci&oacute;n de pantallaABIERTO DOBLE SIM Card PhoneMANUAL DEL PROPIETARIO

UPDATE 2: There is no way to update the Android operating system. What Android version comes with the phone is all you will ever have. As new versions come out there is no way to update. Maybe if you Jailbreak the phone you could apply updates. Amazon was kind and refunded the price of the phone upon it's return. They are unable to contact the manufacturer and the seller only sells products from China and has no technical support.UPDATE: I started out really liking this phone, but several apps with Chinese characters have installed themselves on my phone. I think I have removed them, but I fear there is a back door to the phone. I do not feel safe accessing sites with personal information. I would not buy this phone again.UPDATE: This IS NOT a Galaxy Note, and Galaxy Note screen protectors or cases will not work with the phone. At this point I have not been able to find a screen protector that will fit the phone., and wish I would have bought another phone.The phone is great! However, there is no technical support. Amazon does not have a contact number for the seller. AT&T; call support went out of their way NOT to support because the phone was not sold by AT&T.; I finally resolved the issue by placing a 3G, not 4G, SIM card in the #2 SIM slot, and modifying the settings to turn on data access. I would not recommend this phone for the communications novice.

The keyboard did not come up every time. I need to turn the phone off and on to get it to come back.

Well I received my phone earlier today and started by putting the battery in it and plugging in in. It responded quickly and lit right up but after a couple minutes of playing around and checking things out the screen froze. It would not allow me to do anything but click the side button to bring up the power off menu but I couldn't click anything. I took the battery out several times and it would power back on but I could not unlock the screen. Like it did not even know I was touching it. I let it charge for awhile and started to activate it on the computer but it still wasn't registering responding. It managed to activate and I received a message that I couldn't get to.Finally when I went to write an email to the seller it decided to work perfectly and have not had so much as a glitch since and it is running beautifully. It has great sound, great pic resolution, though the camera is a bit weird indoors sometimes. I haven't figured out how to get the internet working with the APN settings but I'm calling straight talk tomorrow to see exactly what they need to be. Will update later but right now I am totally satisfied and would recommend both the seller and the phone.

The phone is great quality and works with straight talk.  I had issues setting up the MMS messages but the seller was very helpful!!!!  Here is a tip: when setting up the apn settings where it says apn type make sure you go in and check every box.Seller was great when ever I contacted always got right back to me and also helped me with the set up..The phone is fast and the screen size is great for doing work and watching movies.Very happy with purchase and would recommend.

Android phone looks just like the galaxy, works excellent. Camera takes great pictures, it arrives with screen protector and cover, also comes with two batteries and headset

I purchased this phone on Amazon.  The phone is big, bright and responsive to the touch  I then purchased a ATT SIM card for Straight Talk on Amazon.  I inserted the SIM and the phone recognized it.  I then contacted Straight Talk to set up service and port my current phone number from my old Verizon phone to this new phone and SIM card.  According to Straight Talk and the SIM seller, the SIM is active with my phone number, however, the phone is not picking up any cell service at all.  I have been emailing and talking with Straight Talk and the SIM provider for a few days with no luck.  I don't know if it is the phone or SIM.  I think I would love the phone if I could get the cellular service to work.  Has anyone had this issue?  If so, how did you resolve it?

I've had this phone over a year with no major issues! Most of my other phones barely lasted me a few months before either breaking or otherwise becoming unusable but this phone except for a small nick on the edge from a drop on pavement is still in near new condition! It does occasionally get knocked offline from a hard bump but always starts right back up, I still have no regrets about buying this phone.I've had this phone for five days and i can honestly say i have absolutely zero regrets buying this phone! It arrived packed with great care the phone's box was wrapped in several layers of bubble wrap packing tape and cardboard even the phone's box seems like it could take a pounding in fact it did one corner had minor damage.Prosbattery life: 9 hours 42 minutes to 10% battery power very heavy use lots of data screen on very bright.Display is crisp with vivid colors great response time, very easy to see in bright light.System is blazingly fast, stable and strong.The phone is very well built seems like it can take some moderate abuse and shrug it off.Camera is respectable but at the end of the day its a cell phone its unrealistic to expect the quality of picture from this as you would get from a $200 digital camera but at 8 megapixels is fine plus being able to take 34,000+ pics on a 32gb card is a bonus.Ringtones and speaker are both great i'm very hard of hearing and have no issues hearing this phone. Have a favorite mp3? Set it as a ringtone this phone does not have the tiny 300kb ringtone size limit as some phones do.Call quality: signal strength is great i have yet to find a deadzone and i live in a remote area (think dirt roads and farms.) No clicks or pops, no can you hear me now?Cons: finding a belt holster, yeah its too wide and long for most extra large cases.May slide around some on smooth surfaces, easy fix though i took the soft side of self stick velcro cut off three small pieces and applied it to the snap on cover that came with the phone.Sorry to be long winded but if you buy this phone you should have no regrets and compared to certain phones that look very similar your bank account will thank you!

Don'y buy this phone its's junk first the screen started freaking out, now my charger port will not work and I've only had it for 5 months.

This is a totally inferior phone which I liken to a buying a fake watch. It looks great but it doesn't work. Poor  phone volume, no ability to connect to phone carrier. Decent Wi Fi functions on apps.  Amazon should stop selling it. Let the buyer beware this is a total rip off

This is an amazing phone. I've been doing some research because I really wanted a new phone with straight talk and the latest smartphones with straight talk are expensive, I was reading reviews and I seen where people were buying bad phones and was not satisfied. So I was kind of skechy about the whole situation. But I can say, as one of those risk taking buyers. I bought it and I love it.When I bought it the seller told me it doesn't work with straight talk but I took the risk anyway and when I got it I just popped in my sim and it worked well I could make a call and send/receive text. But the internet did not work. Did a little research and a little tweaking and got internet to work:-) . So overall customer was great and all went well. 5 STARS!! I delt with the seller (WEIZE)Oh yeah

My question is can you use a simple mobile sim with this phone? please someone answer me soon... i been without a phone for 2 months already :(

Love it and it work real good , know I have another one and almost all my family got one and they never compleing  :)

I am strongly considering sending this phone back, not really any better than the ancient Galaxy Precedent I had, actually somewhat worse. I kind of feel like I got a downgrade instead of an upgraded phone.  Does not save messages as a draft if you have to take a call while making a text, sometimes I see my pictures in my gallery, sometimes not. It is herky jerky no matter what you are trying to do, whether it's typing a text, loading an app, or simply answering the phone.  Since I have had it, people I speak to on the phone are complaining that it sounds like there is a monk chanting on the line while we are trying to converse, making it difficult for the person trying to hear me, although I never do hear the sound myself.  I often have trouble connecting whether I make a call or receive a call, where there is just silence on the other end and neither of us can hear each other.  My husband tried to call me the other day while I was at the store, and he told me it rang twice, there was silence, then more ringing, and then some guy answered. I also get 3G very spottily, very occasionally I will get it, usually it is just edge, ONCE in a great while, 3g will pop thru for no apparent reason, and then disappear just as inexplicably.  The worst problem I have had so far is not being able to send or receive pictures in a message, which it seems I was able to fix by downloading an app off of Google Play. The app is called Tweakker, it changes your APN settings to the correct configuration for the network you are using.  I had been playing around with the APN settings, trying to get MMS to work to no avail, but finally seem to have found success with this app, and that is about the only truly positive thing I can say about this phone so far.Update, I have also discovered that the phone does not have any GPS.  There are many apps I have tried which also use the phone's magnetic sensors and GPS that don't work on this phone.  I mean, for a cheap phone, it  looks nice, is heavy and appears well put together in a durable case, but dayam, it don't do shit, it doesn't even do half what my old galaxy did.  All I can really say about it is that you can make and receive calls and texts.  If you are only looking for a phone that has a certain look to it, and you don't care about what it does or how well it works, you'll like this phone, otherwise DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.

The phone arrived very fast. I like the window interface. It's huge. I can read everything on the screen. I was able to get it set up on the Straighttalk network and I am loving it! I saved on the phone and I save on my phone bill. What more could you ask for? Best purchase I have made in a year.

shoddy phone, the camera does not work well, is slow, the battery does not last and nothing is too heavy.

Case to big for android note i9000, the holes for camera and head set does not line up! The phone shakes arround inside the case.

bought phn for 12 yr old daughter n when it came i wanted it. kept my word n gave it to her. so far no problems. straight talk said they didnt except ebay n amazon phns...oh well called tmobile n gave them the imei # and was compatible. ordered $10 sims(by the way straight talk cost $14.88 n have to b ordered cause our walmart dont carry them in store where im located) card n once it was activated they transported her phn #. i love alot of the features, but hey we simple people n needed a new gadget to replace her droid 2 that was drpped out of a roller coaster..it still works just sm pcs broke off but screen wasnt broken.

The service is awful! Would not recommend anyone to purchase this phone. i was very unsatisfied with this phone purchase.

I just got it yesterday and dude It is a real phone. even if it is a knock off You wouldn't know and I don't even care because of how great it is and its cheap!

The phone looks great, but, the internal memory is to low, i have to keep moving apps to the memory, the flash of the camera dont do nothing, the pictures quality is bad. Dont have gps, and if you download one from google store, you cant use it because dont have location. The launcher crash a lot, i have to stop the launcher from the settings all time, because the icons disapair from the screen and menu. The speaker volume is quite low too. And im still dont find a case that fit.

Had the cell for a week now, only problem it is slow on the internet but if you use your home wireless it goes really fast, As long as the cell rings and don,t fall apart Im happy no problems with sim card or text, It does text really fast, No real problems so far and for 166.00 not bad can alway use it as an iPad. LOL.. Oh everything came that was in the photo.. and I got another cover from Five and below if you have one in your city.

i bought phone for my mate for Christmas,it took a month and half to arrive.not only that the screen protectors where for another phone ,as well as the protection shell.so basically i payed for the extras which was just that "extra" not useable for the phone. I'M also having a difficult time finding a screen protector and protector shell for this phone.Other than that nice phone ...

This phone is way to big to what I was expecting and very heavy, I had to just put it up for sale to one of my friends.

i brought this phone like months ago and let me say i love it,it does everything i need it top do,but i cant find any cases that fit this phone!  and thats a really disappointment, if any knows how i can get a case for this phone it would be helpful.

Ordered the phone from Edge Cutter late on Friday 2/1, shipped on Monday, delivered Wednesday. Package was fairly well wrapped, the box was a little bent on one corner but overall- fine. I was happily surprised upon opening the box, it contained:phone, 2 batteries, headphones, very nice flip case, complimentary laser pointer, and manual. Note- there is a screen protector already on the phone.-The phone itself- looks much better than I had hoped for. I kind of assumed it would be at least little cheap looking, but it isn't! There is really no way to tell it from a 600 dollar Samsung!-speed-very quick. No lag whatsoever on any app or menu I've gone throughWifi- So-so. Noticeably slow connection at some points, very quick at others. Kinda random.GPS- You DO need a data network to use the GPS function...which I do not have yet so cannot comment on it.Charging-I'm not the best person to comment on this, but it seemed as if it takes a very long time. But again, I just upgraded from my 5 year long ownership of a Samsung intensity...which fully charged in about 30 minutes. Also, I haven't noticed any of the weird touch reactionsCamera-Pretty crappy compared to pretty much any other smartphone. Quality was pretty similar to my 1.3 mp, 7 year old intensity.Screen-Not terrible, but definitely noticeably worse than most other newer smartphones.Edge Cutter-Didn't have much interaction, but I emailed him, requesting a white phone, and he responded very quickly, and I received a white phone as requested.Overall-Very,very impressed with the phone considering the price. When you think about it, you could pay 4-500 more for a Samsung, but you get so few benefits from that extra cost it seems almost ridiculous to go that route.

I love this phone it is so much better than an Iphone. It has 2 batteries and it big just like i like them

The delivery was quick but the gsm card has to be with AT&T. The Tmobile card is horrible if you dont live in the city.

I love how big this phone is. I haven't really gotten the chance to use the phone like that .

The phone over all seems awesome I would and about to buy this but I was wondering does anybody know if this phone fits galaxy note cases ?

Great phone but could be set up better for the united states. Takes a while to download even using wifi, and dictionary does not recognize many common English words. Other wise its  great phone with many great features and it runs apps well.

Well, I just received this phone yesterday (bought it from a seller on eBay for $169.99) and it's OK. I have never bought a "budget" phone before, so I'm trying to get used to the generic feel of it. Please do not expect Galaxy S4/iPhone 5 features in a $140.00 phone. The iPhone 5/Galaxy S4 it is not. But for the price, it is what it is. I like the fact that you can use TWO SIM cards. I have been a T-Mobile Pay As You Go prepaid customer since '06 (I have over 800 minutes that do not expire until 3/28/14). I inserted my SIM card into one of the slots and the phone worked with T-Mo's PAYG service right out of the box. I just signed up for T-Mo's $30 a month unlimited data/text with 100 minutes plan. I inserted my SECOND SIM card into the phone's second SIM slot, went to "SIM Management," turned on "data" and it worked too. Texts, pictures, data --- EVERYTHING works (I hope I didn't just jinx myself). I use the minutes I have on T-Mo's PAYG plan to talk and use the $30 unlimited monthly plan for pics, texts and data. The internet is REALLY slow, though. I read Marie's review and she said internet speed improved after a while, so I'm hoping the same will happen for me. So far, the phone is working as advertised. That's all I can say about it. Good luck.

THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY IN THE USA. I HAVE USED THIS THIS PHONE WITH T-MOBILE IT HAS VERY SLOW INTERNET CONNECTION, PHONE FRIZZING  AND OTHER ISSUES. I HAVE ASKED FOR A REFUND BACK AND I WAS EMAILED A RETURNED LABEL. I HAVE SENT THE PHONE BACK TO SELLER AND AFTER ONE MONTH I CALLED AMAZON TO CK ON MY REFUND. I HAVE E-MAILED THE SHIPPING RECEIPT TO AMAZON WITH TRACKING NUMBER ON IT. SELLER CLAIMS THEY HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE PHONE, MY CLAIM WAS DENIED BY AMAZON AND I LOST $126 PLUS THE $19 THAT I HAVE PAID TO RETURN THE PHONE. SCAM!!

So I was super excited to get this phone.. I got it the next day and was on my door step when I woke up.. but guess what!? it wont even turn on. I guess this is what I get for buying something like this. HUGE let down.

I bought this phone and within few weeks I started having problem with it. Once I make a call the phone wouldn't turn off even if I press the off button. To end a call I have to wait for the person on the other line to end their call before I can end my call. The other problem is when I am dialing a number, the number &#34;o&#34; will not function. It is so anoying. Sometimes the screen will just start blinking and recently all my photos got deleted mysteriously after several minutes of the screen blinking.I contacted the seller to report the problem but they didn't even have the courtesy to respond to my email. Very bad customer relation. I will not encourage anyone to buy this phone because of the issues associated with it. I also know several people who have similar or other issues with the phone. Please don't buy this phone, especially from &#34;Newsland&#34;, they will not even respond to your inquiry

Love it but I already cracked the screen goingto ask it  if I can get a replacement screen I am heart broken it is broken love my phone

I recieved the phone four days after I ordered. The phone has 5" in. clear screen monitor, has a wi-fi, and the camera. The camera is okay for the price, but they need to develop this camera for a better result pictures, overall, it is a good picture. There are lots of apps to choose to download. One time I dropped this phone on the concrete ground at school and it bounced back I thought I broke it, luckily its running smoothly. I dropped because it slipped on my hand, the cover is little bit slippery, so I bought a cover and its perfectly fine. This phone have 2 batteries included and the battery it last for 2 days if you don't use for video and games. The battery charging takes few hour to charge. I love this phone big nice screen and pretty looks. The touch screen works well I don't have probelem with it. I'm an apple person but since my Iphone stopped working after 2 years, I choose to buy a lower price phone and prepaid sim card to save money. I chose this phone and I am very happy about this gadget. The phone is only a week since I opened the box. I'll see and watch for the quality of this phone, so far the QUALITY is very good. Overall, this is nice phone for people wants a better screen and fancy looks android phone.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!! They sent me a different phone than what i ordered, the service is awful, no apps work, not android 4.0 like it says. NEVER EVER BUY THIS

1st off, this thing is huge!!, same size & features as the note 2....a little complicated, take some time to familarize yourself with this phone...screen is beautiful & clear...didn't come with screen protectors or case...headphones suck!!!, it doesn't take regular headphones..it took forever to be shipped, you r going to wait about a month!!!, if you r looking for cases, just type in star i9220 phone cases or just go to any store & show them the phone, same thing for headphones too...didn't come with a stylus either!!!...charger is very cheap!!!, mines broke in 3 days!!!!, quick responsive touch screen...front camera is terrible compared to back camera (very clear)...minor issues but still a great phone!!, it IS the note 2!!!, worth the $ & wait!!

I wanted a Galaxy Note, but settled for a Star. It was a good choice for me and even has features I was not expecting. The sound could be louder and the internet is not always at 3G speed, but hey, it's one Star, not a Galaxy:)

This is a knockoff made by downgrading certain parts of the phone, mainly the camera, the memory and the chip.I think some of the reviews on here are based on people wanted the real thing for a bargain price.The camera is only 2mp which in my opinion is the biggest downside of buying this phone.But considering I am saving several hundred dollars over the actual Note, I can live with that.Mine came with an extra back, screen protector, two batteries, charger, headphones and stylus. The phone looks great and so far has had no issues.  For the price I am very pleased with the phone.I have shown it to several people and they are all amazed that it isn't an actual Samsung Note.This is a great phone for this price.

I have straight talk and I have changed the settings in the APN with the help of straight talk I.T asistance I still can't send or recieve  mms pictures messaging but i can psot picture to facebook, but that is really not that  important to me, beside the internet being slow at times i still lke the phone i can make calls,  play my games,download &  listen to my music, play my playlist form Youtube while traveling, watch my church on live stream when I am unable to get there, watch movies thru netflx, Text ,Tango and get on facebook being a women over 50 that works for me. I will keep it till I can afford to buy the real Galaxy Note 3, hoepfully for  christmas. All in all the pro's out wieght the cons'.  Would I recommend it?, Yes if your on a budget and picture text and slow internet doesn't matter then I would say go for it!!! It works for me with what all I can do with this phone. Hope this helps someone!!!!!!!!!! God Bless

It is great product to be a Chinese one, it looks the same as the original one, Great great great product

Well first off, I would like to say that this is a very cool phone! I received it sooner than the expected delivery date, I believe I waited for 2 weeks. I am currently with T-Mobile prepaid and I use the $50 unlimited plan. I put my sim card into the phone and it instantly worked. This phone is huge and everyone is always asking is that the Samsung Note because they look just alike. I am able to do everything that any other phone can do. I like that the app store is Google Play because I can download any app I want. I do like the rear camera cause it is crystal clear, but the front facing camera is waste of time. It is too dark and spotty even when you are in bright lighting. The buttons are quickly responsive. The only thing I do not like is when I play Pandora or any music player on the phone and then the phones back lighting times out after a while, it turns the phone off completely and restarts it. I don't know what that's about but I can live with that. Also I ordered about 5 Galaxy Note 1 cases for this phone and they do fit! This phone is for a great price and I would totally recommend it to anyone young and old. Oh yeah and by the way I bought my mother this phone also, and she loves it! Have any questions just let me know.Update 9/7/23:So I emailed the seller about how to fix the music / Pandora listening issue I told you guys about previously. They told me to reset the phone.... So I did just that and to my surprise the phone was fixed! So now I am able to listen to my music and the phone does not turn off.  So I would like to let everyone know that this phone is truly a good investment!

phone arrived two days ago  was even better than expected  screen clear and bright  easy to operate  phone ia well made even if price is not considered love this phone

The seller was emailing me back and forth concerning questions that i had...He helped me out and was not tired of replying back to my questions. My friends are jealous of the phone and I love it soo much..I cant keep it down! Its just BEAUTIFUL!! cant get tired of touching it! but it takes forever to charge! (cuz i been touching it) lol But Overall...I would buy something else from his seller because it came before i could even imagine! It was sealed properly to prevent damages!...Its everything i could ask for at this moment..My Christmas Gift..From Me to ME!

This phone is ok for the fact that you can stick your Tmobile sim card in and it Immediately starts working.  I didnt have to call Tmobile or anything because of it being an unlocked phone.  However, the GPS didnt work at all! The voice to text and the internet were very touchy!  Those 3 features are the best features of the phone, and they only worked when they felt like it.  The size of phone is awesome, but again, if the internet doesnt work, who cares.  I returned it which was a headache because it came from LOLBUY and its somewhere in China or something.  Expensive shipping ($20), but I better get it back because the phone didnt work good.  The Amazon rep was awesome in helping me with the return but I havent got the refund yet.  She said Amazon always stands behind their customers and there is nothing to worry about...I hope thats true.  The guy emailing me back and forth from LOLBUY was friendly, but I havent recieved the refund yet.  It may take 2-3 weeks.  I will come back and update a very positive message if I get the refund soon....and will try another phone from them because it got to me quick, maybe 8 days or so.  Pretty good considering the shipping said 2-3 weeks.

Never could get it to work with straight talk and it dies in thirty minutes it never would get signal

The operating system is very similar to the Samsung Note, and for the price it is a good value. But the phone is heavier and is built much cheaper.

The phone delivered by HD Design is a I9220 with a 2500 mAh battery not the Star I 9220 with a 3200 mAh battery.I like the phone, it has some differences from the Star I 9220 such as different sim card slots and a smaller battery.I asked HD Design is this a Star I9220 phone and they avoided answering the question. They have been responsive to questions but not always answered all questions.The reason I selected this phone besides the 5 inch display was thetwo 3200 mAh batteries and all the good reviews about the Star I9220 phone.I am not sure how many other customers received a phone such as the one I received.

Hey fellow amazon consumers, I don't typically write reviews but this absolutely had to be done. After reading a few of your reviews I absolutely had to experience this Galaxy knock off for myself. So after patiently waiting even after purchasing next day delivery and receiving my order 5 days later...I opened the box with a glowing smile as soon as I got home from college classes for the week. To my suprise the box was very sturdy so I had no worries of a shattered screen(wait for it), I scuffled through the box all the way to the bottem expecting to find my phone. In the end all I came across was headphones, a charger, and an extra battery to match the phone that never came. I can't actually give you guys a product review, but I have placed another order after Amazon quickly refunded me in less then 72 hours. I'll follow up with this review within the next week thank you.

Nice product @ a nice price. I was highly recommend this product as it truly an innovative device to own.

I wanted to check to see if anyone has used with phone with Straight Talk and are their any accessories for this phone - as in a cover to protect it?  Thanks for your help

I got my phone within 7 days of ordering it and after reading some of the bad reviews I was praying that I didn't get a defective phone. Had it for 2 wks no problems at all bought another for a back up phone thanx

How Do I Find A Case For This Phone What Should I Search To Find A Case  Someone Please Help Because If I drop My Phone Ill Die Overall I think Its A Good Phone Better That The Galaxy S2 Or 3

this is a great phone for normal usages. the only con is that the front camera is bad also the back camera has a bad quality.everything else is perfect

This was awful from weize. Nothing worked on phone. Within one week it was toast. Paid 126. 26 to ship to me n I had to pay to ship back 50.00 so I am out 76 dollars n no phone. They would not cover any shipping. Phone would not text, had to pull bettery to hang up, no pictures could b sent, phone froze several times in the week.ect. if u order this beware. Looks great but thats all. Not a good deal at all. I learned

First you should know it's the Chines remake of it. It's hard to find cases or screen protectors or anything it's a knock off! It's 3G and it's really slow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hated it and wish I never would have bought it

The phone is nice but it has some issue with the charger. The charger constantly switches between plugged in to unplugged the whole time it is being charged. It also doesn't want to hold my email account information. It keeps resetting my email account. The color is poor, not crisp as some other phones. It works well so far but not sure how long it will last. I think it's a good phone but would rather have the Galaxy Note.

i tht this phone would be the dogs nutz, i was wrong, it seemed ok at first, but after a while, the touch screen became less responsive, couldn`t access text,  calls f b , was pulling my hair out, software is good, but once the screen starts to fail, forget it, wouldn`t get one again, wish i`d got another huawi, much better, oh, the camera on the star is no good at night, the flash is very poor, and no flashing led light to let you know you`ve missed a call or recieved a text message, in my opinion, its about 50 quid to much, hope this helps, advice is free, it`s up to you if you use it,

I had never bought anything like this before and now I will never go back to buying full price American.In the two months I have had this phone it has never had any problems and always worked as expected and better.  It is much more impressive than past phones I have had and everyone asks me about it and thinks it is the real thing.  Since I have gotten this phone my tablet has become pretty much obsolete.  I will deffinately look to buy from this and other similar sellers when ordering my next tech item.ConThe flash on this phone is in a different location though and will be covered if you put on cases for the origional

I received my phone today and love it. It was not scheduled to arrive for a week but i got it in 3 days from ordered. A great tablet/phone.

I have had the phone for 4 months and already decided to get a different phone. It is very slow, cuts off when it wants to, severe storage problems. If you have an SD card for additional storage it will tell you that it is damaged. You can't always access your pictures, sometime you can't get to it for 24 hours. Has trouble downloading apps and the phone jack doesn't work properly. Also, sometimes the language will randomly turn into Chinese. The picture and the description are misleading.Unfortunately, this is only the stuff I remember off the top of my head.

I did quite a bit of research on this phone b4 buying, and to be honest with you I kinda leary about it because of a lot of the reviews, but decided to go ahead and get it, what the heck if I didn't like it I would just send it back because amazon is the best with cust. svc ect. So I got the phone from seller &#34;ProntoTech&#34;  it was the (N9000)in a reasonable amount of time, came with, charger, earphones, 2 batteries, and a cover flip type not very good one but will do till other cover arrives also came with a screen protector already installed on it which was great I hate putting those things on !I have service thru consumer celluar which runs off the att network, I just put in my sim and BOOM! it read it and started up right away no problems well not many couldn't get pic msgs.& data plan to connect at first but thru some very simple settings to the APN it was all fixed right away, and I'm loving this phone! it is only 3g and runs a bit slower on data plan but wi fi is excellent runs fast on wifi and the 3g isn't that slow, maybe I'm lucky and just got a good one but I've had no problems with gps(works fine),or the headphones tried 5 different  sets all but one worked fine, bluetooth works great also, to be honest I think this phone is great so far,and it didn't come pre loaded with a bunch of &#34;Bloteware&#34; that Samsung includes with there phones all that unesecary crap, one thing I do like is when  you put it to &#34;sleep&#34; it turns off everything wi fi ect and all comes back on when you hit wake/power button saves the battery which by the way is great with min.- to med use lasts day & 1/2 with heavy use about 8-10 hrs  so no issues there, front camera i'snt all that but who really uses the front camera that much? back camera is good not great but good enough, all in all its a great phone for the price ! and just a tip when your setting it up or making a call when first using and the screen goes blank or black just power off and take battery out reinsert and power up again and do a factory reset in settings you should actually do this any way b4 you get all your contacts ect. on phone and you shouldn't have any issues after that if you not phone savvy and not sure about  APN settings ect. call your carrier and have them walk you thru it. I say go for it and get it thru pronto tec (seller) auto ships out in white if you want black you must contact seller @ time of order

Ok so I normally never review products and I was thinking I was going to hate this phone but OMG! Was I wrong. First I got the phone 8 days after I ordered it. I was going out of town for the weekend and I REALLY needed this phone on the Thursday before I left town. I got it!!! So when I opened it it was HUGE! So amazingly big! So I ordered a case for it before I got the phone. I was nervous because since the phone is different from the S3 and Note it wouldn't fit. But it did!!! Ok so I turned it on and it was SUPER fast. I plugged my sim card in and bam it worked instantly. I went into settings to set up the 3G and it worked but was so slow it might as well had not worked at all. So I connected it to wifi and it worked super fast. So I downloaded all my apps!!! In fact since this is the newer android operating system the apps I had on my old phone worked so much better on this one!!!The picture clarity is great the video quality is even better! I don't know who says it isn't! I went to a concert last night and recorded some clips. They were pretty legit for as far as I was. The sound wasn't to bad and overall the quality was good! Better then my friend who recorded on her iPhone. My phone is bigger then those who have the newest 5inch samsung device!!! I know how jealous do you think they are when they see my massive phone!!!Back to the internet. So over the weekend I was connected to my boyfriends portable wifi device so even when I was out I was still connected. Today when I came back home I didn't connect to my wifi device right away. It connected its self to 3G. I could upload videos and post on facebook and read on Huffington Post or just do basic web/app stuff but when I tried to load a video on to facebook it took forever until I reconnected it to wifi and then BAM it loaded instantly. So is the 3G the best. Well another customer said day after day the 3G speed started well speeding up. So after 3 days it went from not working to working. I could dock it a star BUT this phone is just so amazing and for the price I feel like its almost a steal!!!! My friends paid twice as much for an equally good phone! \Oh make sure you have a SD card. The phone memory is low and I think people fail to realize so are most phones except for like the iphone because it has all its memory in the phone but when you go to most carriers and buy a phone it comes with a SD slot and without it you use the internal phone memory pretty quick so please don't assume because its from another country thats why it sucks on memory. Most phones do thats why they come equipped with SD cards. This phone does not come with one so I advice you to get one!Thanks again seller for an amazing phone!!!

It was brought as a gift for father and son and so far they have no real complains about it I found it to be a little hard to operate.  It would have been nice to have a better manual to setup and understand the phone but again they are not complaining so it's good.

I only gave it 2 stars because I just received the phone today so I don't know how well it works yet. Just trying to figure out where can I get cases for this phone? The one it came with doesn't fit. It actually almost fits my S4 but not quite. Any suggestions would be appreciated......oh and I have cases for the Galaxy note2 which I tried also still no luck the power button is covered by the case:( Thank You.

I loved the size of the phone and would have kept it but but I could not get 4G on it

I ordered my phone and got it in 7 days. When u got it, I was DELIGHTED! I added the battery and my sim and I was good to go. Overall service was exceptional, the product is waaay beyond my expectation. I am in LOVE with my new phone. I've had no issues and I am happy. This is definitely worth the money. If you are looking for a stylish phone at good price, THIS IS IT! Samsung wouldn't even though the difference.  Thank you @ LOLBUY.... you guys are the Best .

JUNK!  We ordered two, and both were defective out of the box.  One would worked perfectly, but was missing the glass protective piece that covers the camera.  The other could not send and receive MMS messages, even with correct APN settings (verified working on the first phone).  The phones were fast and looked as though they would have been very good, but there are serious quality control issues that need to be addressed.

retty good the fact the head phone peice sucks a** most head phones don't work for the phone and when they play it play in the ear peice and out loud....stupid but other than that no complaints......yet

This Phone is a imitation and completely sucks. I always read the reviews before i make purchases but I ignored the reviews for this device. The presentation was great and looked awesome i thought i had something great. First my Sim card  locked( i use AT&T), so i got that fixed then i realized that i cant receive text but can send them, the camera sucks, the security features for the device I received was non-existent. I tried another Sim from( t-mobile) which the phone couldn't read. I returned within 24hrs....what a waste of time and money!!

NO!! HORRIBLE! ERROR MESSAGES WONT CONNECT TO INTERNET, COULD NOT EVEN USE FOR A DAY DO NOT BUY!!!!! Dishonest marketing.

I have never been more pleased with a cell phone like the Android. It is my friend and I see these people with their fancy $500 phones and they have no more than me. Thanks again and I want another for a friend.

This phone has a bad volume control and limited battery like. The manufacturer in China ( coolpanda) does not stand by the five years warranty provided with purchase of the phone. My crash in less than six months and they did nothing. They even denied that it was sold with warranty. I had to send the a proof from the online lisiting.

Could not receive text messages.  At & t store could not get phone to receive as it was unlocked and what they called a &#34;foreign&#34; phone (doesn't seem to be compatiable). I am trying to get approval for a return, so far, have not been able to return it. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Highly disappointed !!!! Will not purchase from this seller again!

I'm going to try to be as honest as possible with this review. I was scared to purchase this....but so far, my riskiness has paid off. Overall, the phone is extremely good for the price I paid. The seller (WEIZE) was extremely nice and helpful with all of my questions. I ordered the phone on the 10th and got it on the 17th with expedited shipping. My seller was also nice enough to provide me with my tracking information from DHL and I was able to track my package up until the day I got it.The phone is beautiful. It is very solid and sleek. Does not look cheap at all. It's big, but not too big. My hands are pretty small, but it fits into my hand comfortably. It came with 2 batteries, headphones/mic, usb cord and charger adapter, cover, and a screen protector. So far, there are no glitches. It runs smoothly and its fast. I've seen people have problems with the space on the phone, but I haven't had that problem yet and I've downloaded a total of 6 pretty large apps. The headphones that came with it are great!! I love them because they have this bass-boost affect when I listen to my music .. but the earphone port is a little weird when it comes to American store bought headphones. But ive heard they can be found at radio shack. Set up was easy for the most part. I used a Straight Talk SIM from Walmart..the one on the T-mobile network. Activating it was easy and so far, my talk, text and internet (without wifi) works, but i'm having trouble with the picture messaging. I'm still messing around with the apn settings.The camera is not that good, but it's okay. With good lighting, it can take really beautiful pictures. Dark lighting, not soo much.Call clarity is great. It is loud and there's no static.The speaker is really loud. I can hear my phone from the other side of the house.I'd definitely recommend this phone, but I do understand that this phone could stop working on me at any time (according to the reviews), so I'll try to do an update.****UPDATE****It's been a week since I started using the phone and I finally found out the complete APN Settings for STRAIGHT TALK'S T-MOBILE SIM. I used the settings that came with the card, but I was unable to use MMS messaging. After days of tweaking and messing with it, I finally found some that work.The main issue is that the default APN that is on the phone has to be altered, and a new one has to be added.On the existing APN (the one that is ALREADY in the phone after inserting SIM, edit it to this (REMOVE ANY SPACES):Name: T-Mobile USAPN: wap.tracfoneAPN type: -leave blank-Proxy: -leave blank-Port: -leave blank-Username: -leave blank-Password: -leave blank-Server: *MMSC: http: // mms.sg.eng.t-mobile. com/mms/wapencMMS proxy: -leave blank-MMS port: -leave blank-MCC: 310MNC: 260Authentication type:-leave blank-APN protocol: IPv4APN roaming protocol: IPv4APN enable/disable: check for APN enabledBearer: UnspecifiedSave that APN, now create a NEW APN (AGAIN, REMOVE ANY SPACES):Name: T-Mobile US (same name as the previous)APN: wap.tracfoneAPN type: defaultProxy: -leave blank-Port: 8080Username: -leave blank-Password: -leave blank-Server: -leave blank-MMSC: http: // mms. tracfone. comMMS proxy: -leave blank-MMS proxy: 8080MCC: 310MNC: 260Authentication type: -leave blank-APN protocol: IPv4APN roaming protocol: IPv4APN enable/disable: check for APN enabledBearer: UnspecifiedSave this APN and Data, receiving/sending MMS should work.

It is a nice phone. It picked up my T Mobile card right away with no problem. The internet does work a little slow which can be a little frustrating, but its because it works off of 2g. Picks up my WiFi pretty good so I use that when I am at home when I want to surf the web. When texting, you need to include area code for it to send the message which is no biggie. The camera is good. As far as phone calls, works great.My only issue would be the fact of only being 2g. Other than that, great phone. Did not want to spend so much on a phone when they always come out with another one almost every year and ask for so much to have it. I am fine with this one.

i love this phone i received it yesterday but it was supposed to come on the 24th or 10 may big screen looks like the Samsung note lol received good earphone works perfectly . Would recommend anyone to buy it

I would definitely buy another phone like this as long as it continues to work as it's been working.  nothing beats staying out of a contract and/or paying high dollar for a phone. The size is good. its large, but not too large.  I do wish it had a better camera/flash. You need to be in bright light to get a good quality picture.  It was delivered in less than two weeks. That itsElf was pretty amazing considering it came all the way from China.  Many people I know do not know about this way to purchase a phone and the ones who know are afraid to deal with an international vendor. i was a little scared, but now I'm glad I took the risk.  My husband has made the decision to order his next phone from this vendor. as long as I get good life from this phone, I will go back and order from them again.  The main down side to it is that the phone runs on 3G. I pay for 4g with my company.

The phone is a nice phone but sometimes you can hardly hear the person you are talking to. It kick you out of some apps. Other than that good phone.

Received this phone quickly and was excited with the ease of installing SIM and SD card.  The screen was nice, big and clear until the 2nd day.  The screen began to flicker and look fuzzy, it went to a digital looking one and then nothing.  Turned it off and back on several times, removed battery, tried charging for several hours, nothing.  Too bad, really liked the phone and features.  Amazon was very good about letting us return it.  We could have just gotten a bad one.

This phone was a rip off, looked nice but could not make any calls. Tried several times to get the pass code to unlock it, but to no avail. Had to return it .

I love this phone to be honest but I can't charge it there is no insurance for it so I have to take my battery out to charge it and charge it that made I had to spend $60 on a universal battery charger

I bought this phone because I needed some because my phone that I had just blacked out. The n9000 was delivered promptly within hours. The phone is very basic, its not as good as i thought it would be, i keep losing network, reactivity is slow and it takes forever to connet to the internet. Battery life is horrible it does not last. My phone did not have a manaul with it.

HONESTLY, YOU ARE GETTING A GREAT DEAL FOR THE PRICE. THE PHONE IS LIKE HAVING THE SAMSUNG NOTE WITHOUT PAYING FOR 1. BeWARNED THOUGH, THE HEADPHONE JACK DOESNT WORK WITH MOST HEADPHONES (ADAPTER NEEDED). NOT HAVING 4G IS NOT REALLY AN ISSUE BECAUSE I KEEP MY WIFI RUNNINH AND EVEN ON 3G THE SPEED IS NOT THAT BAD. I PROMISE IT HAS ALL THE FEATURES OF THE NOTE THOUGH. I GAVE IT A 4 STAR INSTEAD OF 5 BECAUSE OF THE HEADPHONE ISSUE AND MY VENDOR I ORDERED THROUGH ADVERTISED THEY WERE IN CALIFORNIA AND MY PHONE WOULD TAKE APPROX 1 WEEK TO ARRIVE. INSTEAD THEY GAVE ME SUM BS ABOUT THEIR SHIPPING MERCHANT AND THE PHONE GOT HERE IN ABOUT 3.5 WEEKS FROM A HONG KONG ADDRESS. I WOULD HAVE GLADLY PAID FOR EXPRESS SHIPPING. THE DISHONESTY COULD HAVE BEEN AVOIDED.......OTHER THAN THAT, I GOT MY PHONE AND I LOVE IT

This phone is not perfect, and I wish it were easier to find cases, or otterboxes for it. It hangs up quite a bit, and I dont have any games on it at all. Just facebook, and pandora, and it is super slow. BUT, it works. Its held up for a few years.

This is a great phone, i have had it since Christmas and i have had no problem so for... except for finding a hard case for it.... if anyone know anything please email me @ deonteb26@gmail.com ...... be serious.

May the the less hardware configuration but good price and we can gift it for a indian friend because the technology is not required in india because no Wify available in all the places.

I ordered this phone expecting it to be the Note 2 and i was unaware it was a knockoff [phone.  It is slow and doesn't work well at all.  I would not purchase this phone

Bad reception, low volume, and not enough space, all I added to the phone was Facebook, Candy Crush and my email account, tryed to add Words with friends but low and behold no more space,should have kept my Samsung Galaxy note 2

the is big and looks like an i phone,the  price was right,i can check my e-mail and on on facebook

I received my phone a couple of weeks ago and was not sure what to expect. So far I like the phone.  I have Straight Talk and used an APN that I found on YouTube to have the data run faster.  The only problem that I have not worked out yet is spell check.  As I txt and have emails sent to my phone from work I unfortunately need the spell check for my day to day function.  Does anyone know how to turn this on or an app that will work in the place of this?  That is the part of the phone that is driving me crazy....

k is anyone else havin problems with their picturemil? I was able to receive pictures but nt send them not its giving me problems receiving them. can anyone help me????

Was very disappointed that it would not work on our carrier. I emailed before and was assured it would work and it did not so it went back. no problem with return and I really wish it would have worked.

I was excited to get this phone, as my best friend as one very similar. After a month or so of having the phone, it became increasingly difficult to type anything (from text messages to simple Facebook posts) and it randomly started opening applications I had not selected. Be weary of this phone.

Worst phone I ever bought. Does not get good reception. Every other phone I've had has always gotten good reception where I live. Extremly poor download speeds. Will not load videos or pictures from texts or facebook. The phone that was delivered to me also has a spot on the screen that will not go away. If I  could afford a real galaxy phone I  would purchase one but being a single grandmother raising 3 grandchildren well that isn't  an opption. Signed a truely dissapointed customer.

Hate this phone total waste of money. All its good for is making calls and that not all the time. People can almost never hear me. Phone loose signal almost every where. It doesn't hold storage At all. My picture on my card don't even show anymore. N i cant take pictures cause it says storage too fulll. The camra sucks when it does work, i must say this is really a pieace of junk. I cnt get my picture message. Save your Money n yourself the heada

I got this phone on february 12 and by march 3 the phone was not working. I tried to cute it on and it would NOT come on. It had completely shut down. I even took it to a few cell phone places to see if they could fix it or find out what was wrong with it and they couldnt fix it either. All they could tell me was that the phone was defected. Prior to the phone not working it would get stuck or wouldnt come on. This was a really bad phone for hte price that i paid for it. I wouldnt recommend anyone to buy this phone. Sorry but its the truth. Only thing that was good was that we did recieve it on the delivery date they said that it would be there.

I loved this phone. just could not get it going. The large screen . the camera took great pictures. it just would not read a syms card. I am going to reorder this phone.

so i love my phone except  the icons dont always load, wifi doesnt automatically connect like its suposed to, text msg will show on notification bar but when i go to my msgs that text is no where to be found, and when im in a call ppl tell me that its cutting in and out.....if i could fix these problems it would be perfect!

Great phone for a good price, i was surprise when i reviced the phone its big and it works greats. love it, love it

I love this smart phone. The size is just right. Good for view things on Line. It works just as any other expensive smart phone.Everyone love my phone. My husband love his also. We both two (2)

the phone`s dont work, they wont take a charge, the screen was broke on one of them contacted the company that i bought the phones from. they told me that it was my fault that i had problems with the phones and that i can return the phones and it would take up to 10 weeks and that i would be taken chance on getting a refund and still have no phones.

I paid $150 for the UNLOCKED/WORLD PHONE model. But when I travel to Asia; The phone did not recognize the SIM CARD..... I came back to the USA, I inserted Tmobile Sim, AT&T Sim and Simple Mobile Sim as well. THE PHONE DID NOT RECOGNIZE ANY SIM. THEY SOLD ME THE LOCKED PHONE.  BAD SELLER ON AMAZON.

I got my phone and it works great! Internets good calls are good apps are good I just asked for my phone to be white not Black.

I just received my phone yesterday and I love it only thing is its hard to find cases its so easy to set up I have prepaid tmobile plan all I did was put my sim card in and it started working one thing though I had to go to the sim card settings to put my web on tmobile 3g this is an unlocked phone and it feels so much like a  tmobile phone because I see tmobile everywhere lol I would recommend this phone if there was a 10 star button I surly would give the seller (keydroper) a 10 star ! Another thing is my phone came with one hard case a book looking case a stylus 2 batteries earphones and a charger (I can use in the wall and usb)

i know my stuff when it comes to phones. not what you think had it for one month wish i could get my money back

This phone has several major problems. First of all it's headset, and headset socket. Headset cable is very short, not comfortable to use, so first thing i tried to do is to get adapter and try to use different phones. No way. Headset socket is so deep inside, that no adapter can work with is properly, so I'm stick with ugly short headset, and I have very good headphones which' I cannot use with it.  Another problem, i noticed, GPS doesn't work. I wrote to store, they immediately answered and suggested to root phone and to change config. When I buy phone I expect it to work out of the box. Another problem with Skype - loud speaker during Skype session cannot be turned on so if you use camera, you are stick with headphones. Not comfortable. "Back" button sometimes is not reacting, I have to press it several times. I'll never buy such phone again.Update:  I rooted this phone, tried to fix GPS, installed FasterFix, other software, it became a little better, but still, it takes very long to fix. Replacement headset which works with this phone - is available from Aliexpress site, there are 2 versions: red headset, which is horrible, and black headset which is more or less OK. I was unable to find headset adapter compatible with this phone, so, connecting other headphones with standard connector is out of question.

I I'm thrilled about the phone. It's just what I was looking for, a large screen smart phone that rivals the Samsung Note II but for much less money. The only draw back I have is that the camera doesn't take as very good quality pictures. The conditions have to be right for the picture to look decent. But other than that the phone is very functional and smart. And I like that it has access to the Google Play Store. I haven't taken advantage of the duel SIM function but its nice to know that its there if I want to use it.Also you really need to spend some time with initial set up. Things I took for granted like it would just receive calls after joining the network. Sure but I had to actually set the phone to ring. Not quite power on and go but I'm having fun figuring out the settings. I hope this helps. I you buy it you'll enjoy a good phone for a lot less money than the big's (iPhone or Samsung) offerings.

Not wasting time with jib-jab about this phone and going straight to the point.So here goes.1:Phone arrived earlier than expected2:Phone is absolutely great. Good product, nice look and exactly what is says it is on the advertisement;3:Inserted sim card and no drama. Works like a charm.$:Big phone and gives a far greater impression that what it is sold for.5:I like this phone and here's five big claps to the seller and especially the manufacturer.6:Who needs Samsung Galaxy S4 at $600 when you can get a phone like this.7:Access to internet - no worries. Overall I am extremely happy with this phone.8:Recommend this to anyone who likes BIG PHONES that really work  for the money you pay for it.

It is a great price for a samsung note alike phone.  It is probably not as fast as note, and phone call quality is slightly not as good as samsung.  But, you have a big beautiful screen phone tablet in your hand for less than $200.  How can you beat that?By the way, who wants to take a phone and a tablet and charger all over places? Apple still did not figure out this by today!  No wonder everyone is going for samsung now!  I forgot to mention that I hate apple iphone.  All those limitations they put on how I use my phone!  It is my phone, I use it anyway I want.  I hate the effort that I spent to unlock that dam phone with ATNT, and unjaw, all that.  Android/Tmobile give people freedom and choice!  This is american, hope Apple figure out how much their old customers resent their control till today!Samsung note II rocks for $650, but this phones rocks for $185!  Great choice!

This phone is the worst phone I ever buy. When i got the phone i was happy for the presentation but the truth is the phone is always over hot i could test and get and internet service  i received the phone not even a month ago and now the battery is licking. I wished i never spent my money in something like that. I am very disappointed and remember if you still curious and go a head but you will say i told soTHIS PHONE IS A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.

Just like the Samsung  note 2. Great phone  The hubby loved it. Great screen. Really big  Nice color. Will buy agin

It worked for a couple of days After that I could not make phone calls or if I did i could not hang up (volume very low)

i bought this cel for my boyfriend and he love it! is big and works great! we using tmobile and it was faster than mines (galaxy s2) comes with 2 batteries and a nice case to cover the screen, will recocement EVERYONE to use a screen cover on it so it doesnt broke like his...*****the bad news is that one day it STOP WORKING!! it turn off and when we try to turn it on the galasy screen never change, it was stuck there =( so i return it to the seller and is been like 2 months, they already RECEIVED IT BUT i still waititng for my $$ refound!! Im so mad... i already let amazon know about this 2 times and im still waiting for my money....so is up to you to decide to buy it or NOT!

I had this phone for 5 days...There were a few glitches but I figured that's what you get for getting a knock-off. One day I took my phone out of my bag and the screen was white. Naturally I took the battery out thinking that was the problem...put it back in and it was still white. I repeated the step several times over a period of hours and still white. Had the phone for less than 5 days ....not awesome!

its ok I like the fact that the phone enlarges videos. I like the price for the phone, there reallly isn;t anything to perfect.

This phone is horrible i got it and i looked at it its cheap, doesnt work at all i sent it back! i looked at the comments and some were bad and some were okay the best thing to do is not to BUY this phone im telling you!! YOU WILL REGRET IT BIG TIME

First and foremost I would like to thank Amazon. I was able to track my package up until the time the phone was delivered to my mailbox. THANK YOU THANK YOU AND THANK YOU again for that amazing feature. Now lets talk about the phone I received my phone 3 1/2 weeks before the arrival date. The Star phone is huge,fast and I'm so glad its all mine. It is a wonderful phone. It does exactly what I need for it to do. Once I placed my AT&T Sim card in it immediately began to work with no problems. It came with two cases two batteries a stylus pen and a charger. It is a such a great phone. I ordered the Samsung Galaxy note screen protector but it does not fit. But the wallet case that comes with the phone protects the phone and it looks so fancy and stylish. Thank you so much LOLBUY (the company that I receive the phone from) I am glad that companies like you exists for people that are on a budget and love wonderful and extremely great electronics. I really believe that I will continue to buy unlock phones from these outstanding companies. THANKS AGAIN TO AMAZON AND LOL BUY!!!

I bought it almost two months ago and is working great, lets be real, is not a galaxy s3 but it works fine, I can watch videos and navigate the web with no problen as long as I'm on wifi, when there ie not wifi available is real slow, but still works

Bought from Lolbuy, this product was a success. I really love it and can't put it down. Please remember I was not paid to give this review. It was worth the buy.

I had this phone 3 months now and quite like it. It functions like my friend's note. Be aware that it is no note however. It is noticeably slower. and my back button (not really a button) works sometimes. The speaker is average. Other than that the phone preforms for more than its price.

I ordered my android phone last week and it came in 7 days. Everything works really great except for one problem and I hope someone tech smart can help me here. I am now trying to use ooVoo and my camera is not showing anything. I had set the camera setting to use front camera while using video call and the setting on the camera setting itself and somehow its just not showing anything. the other person can see themselves and I can see them, but I cannot see myself and so is the other person cannot see me. I then took it to my service provider hoping they can figure it out, yes, my phone and my service is compatible but it still not working. PLEASE HELP ME!!!!!I tried video call on Skype thinking maybe it'll work then, but nothing. Can somebody help me figure this out? PLEASE?????!!!!! I really love my phone and I do not want to return it. I am hoping I can get some help. thank you for reading and helping hopefully. Have a wonderful day.

This is the best phone I bought on here so far..doesn't give me any problems an works great comes with everything u will need an the two battery part is the best....very pleased

When you consider purchasing this phone do not because the feature do not work well. Then all the known apps that suppose to come with the phone does not. The phone freezing up and the led light for you to hang up the phone does not come on. Have to calibrate to often in order for it to work properly. Then the light on the outside is not bright enough. The camera have poor quality like taking pictures at night with the flash on it will still be dark verse the Samsung galaxy 2 or 3 night pictures see light its day time. I do not recommend this phone to know. I guess that why it was 148 you get what you pay for. Looking for a phone as we I type this.

The only way this phone could access the internet is through wi-fi.  When on regular cell service I could only text and make calls.  Great price but I am sending it back.

Not recommended at all to buy this equipment. Consistency in quality is questionable, which made &#8203;&#8203;me lose money with them. I purchased a few ones to sell. The last one I bought came locked. The penultimate arrived with defects in the horn, not listened to the conversations, so I had to send it to a dealer for repair to avoid shipping costs. I would not waste money this way, so reconsider pay money for this piece of junk. I would go for another type of cell with better brand endorsement.

I loved this phone when I first got it.  A month has passed and since then the headphone jack went out.  If I struggle with the placement of the headphone input enough I can get sound out of the headphones but it still plays audio out of the phone simultaneously.  The screen cracked all across the bottom while it was charging because it got to hot.  I've called a few places and no one wants to touch it because it's a knock off brand and they don't want to be responsible for it not working afterwards.  The memory is horrible and I'm constantly going through my apps having to delete the ones I don't use constantly.  This phone sucks.  Don't waste your money.

This phone is great. It is cheap and does everything any expensive smart phones does.I would recommend this phone to every oneThank you.

After about 3 weeks of use the charging port got pushed up into the phone rendering the phone useless. We tried multiple exterior battery charging systems and none worked. So now we have an expensive piece of junk.

Phone does not work properly. Apps freeze. Very very disappointed!! I will never purchase another phone online ever again. You never know how it will work.

I love everything about this phone.  The only disappointment is it doesn't support wma music files.  Otherwise an excellent phone.

This phone does not work with any service. I purchaed. It for my granddaughter and it is a phone that is not completet. I will be returning it and expecting  full refund.

this phone will break on you within one week of having it the company will not let get your money back on this even if send it back to them because that is what they told me when i need to send it back to to have it replaced or a refund for the item and there forth i tell you not buy this phone the screen will also mess up you as well.

Waste of money. Do not buy it. To the gullible out there like me, this is a vain faux phone.

Hey I got this phone within 4 days.... very fast shipping. Nice 5 inch screen and good battery life. I had tmobile service with this phone but due to 2g internet speed I switch to net 10(at&t) and get 3g-4g speed. The camera ok for the price. Other than that its a pretty descent DEAL!!! And yes Straight talk will work with this phone but make sure you get at&t sim card.

I purchased this item last Jan 2013! And it has worked in top condition .. I love the size 5.3 and the functions. The camera is amazing. So what it not a Samsung . It is a fantastic bargain and its a great large phone..

I gave this phone as a gift to my fiance and he loves it. If I ever need to purchase another phone i would. Great product.

I really want to buy this phone, but i want to know: does the menu look like the one on the box? Is it possible to change it?

I got this Smartphone so I could accept credit cards in my business (Square) and when I got it I found out that it does not run Google apps for android.  If I had known that, I would not have gotten it.  I am going to try to return it.  It was a waste of time and money. It seems to work well with the T-Mobil network.  Had not trouble connecting.  Seems like a nice phone, but I don't want a phone.

The phone looks great!...but mine was defective. The larger of the two sim card slots does not work and so I had to cut my sim card down to fit into the smaller slot. Once the phone actually recognized my sim my service connection only worked in very few places. Theres no point having a phone that no one can reach you on. I was planning to return it but since it came from China it will cost me way more than it is worth. Overall I saw good reviews so I took a chance, just didn't work out in my case. It is a risk.

We really love the functions of this phone with the given price.  It meets our expectation. Actually several of my friends are ordering this phone after they see it.

I like it. Still learning it though. Give me a couple of weeks and I'll let you know how it performed. So far so good though.

I galled T-Mobile 10 times trying to get the phone to work. I almost sent it back to seller, but found out to TURN 3G CONNECTION OFF. Then the data worked on T-Mobile!  I am not a huge phone geek, and have had the Star about 2 weeks now. Its great so far!

THIS PHONE SUCCEDED MY EXPECTATION I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYONE YOU CANT GO WRONG.  THE SELLER WAS GREAT PHONE WAS SECURED AN SHIPPED WELL. I LOVE MY NEW PHONE/ HAVE STRAIGHT TALK AND IT WORKS WELL/ ALL I DID WAS SWITCH MY SIMS CARD AND IT STARTED RIGHT UP

If you plan to purchase this phone, I suggest using NEWISLAND &#34;satisfactory&#34; customer service, as far as overseas customer service is involved. Please don't expect to be catered to as if you are dealing with 5-star hotel chain, its just not possible when dealing with a foreign shipper and manufacturer. So you have been cautioned. Be open minded, non-hostile if a problem arises, and you should be fine.Now to the Phone:This is the second Clone Note that I have bought in the past 2 months. The first model was the (n8000), it ran on the newer Jelly Bean Os. As far as performance is concerned to the average smart phone user it was great. One draw back to the phone however was the speaker quality. Even with the volume turned up, it was a challenge to hear. The back of the phone is a very flimsy plastic, most sellers will send it with a back cover to compensate. It is adequate for a &#34;short&#34; period of time.I did end up returning the phone because of one HUGE problem. I used Straight talk as my provider, and when I inserted the sim it worked in a matter of minutes. When I placed my second call though, the screen BLACKED OUT! Not only did it black out but I wasn't able to end the call, press anything on the screen, or even turn the phone off! Why did it happen? Your guess is as good as mine, but for that reason the phone went back. ( I did not purchase it from NEWISLAND)I was not willing to give up that easy so I tried it again only this time with a different model, the Star I9220.This phone runs on Icecream Sandwich, and Straight Talk DOES NOT OFFER a Android update as of now. The phone had very similar features to the N8000 model, both run smoothly and are built pretty much the same in terms of quality. The screen is smaller than the SAMSUNG NOTE II, and the buttons are also in different places, so don't think you can buy Samsung products for this phone, no Samsung case will fit it. This phone was almost about to meet the same fate as the N8000 model because the SAME SCREEN problem existed after the second call!!!!!'I was so disappointed, but I thought &#34; let me play with it for awhile maybe the problem is with me&#34;. Well after trying to place 20 more calls the same issue kept occuring. I allowed the phone to charge the entire night and woke up the next day to play with it some more not expecting any change. The same thing kept happening the screen would now flicker to where it was normal and then off again. After some negotioation with the seller, who later agreed to refund my money, the phone miraculously began working properly!The point is that nothing works out perfectly the first time, and generric phones are No exception. You will hear some horror stories about them, but then again don't we hear bad experiences from just about any and everything?Phone Specs:The front camera...well it has a 0.3 resolution meaning its bad...really bad. You definitely need a room flooded with lights to get any type of use out of it.The back camera is decent, picture quality is as good as any comparable  smart phone out there. The flash is a bit weak, but again with the right lighting it is a good camera.The call quality... is very good. I used my blackberry 9850 to phone a friend, (yes blackberry) and then called on the STAR, he said he couldn't tell the difference. The speaker quality is fair, not as good as higher end phones, but definitely not the worst either.The fluidness of the phone is GREAT! Google Play is already installed and there isn't a lot of other junk that is pre-installed on phones from big providers. In this department you won't miss a beat. Don't worry about compatibility issues as if American apps need special formatting to work with a Chinese phone, remember software is universal so in this case ANDROID apps, Java, HTML, or whatever program you're concerned about is covered. If not root your phone and work it out.It uses CDMA and GSM sims and is capable of 3G speed. It doesn't support 4G so if your provider is charging you for 4G, get a phone that can support it because THIS ONE DOES NOT SUPPORT 4G.Ear phone plug is weird, it doesn't fit regular male ends that are like 3.5mm I think. This one is definitely does not receive a 3.5mm plug. So beware of that especially if you are like me and need/want your phone to play music in the car!T-moblie, Straight Talk, Cricket, and Boost work with this phone. T-mobile doesn't function that well with the phone. The sim I have it in from T-mobile doesn't support video chat, why? I don't know that one either. But all other calling features are seamless.I hope this review helps, for the price and features this phone is a good buy. Don't expect 5-star customer service from any manufacturer overseas, they are doing the best they can...I think. And be prepared to wait to get your phone. You may be able to track it once it leaves China, but you probably won't be able to track it again until its state side.Love the phone hopefully you will to.Cheers!

I just received my phone on Saturday, and sadly, after inserting my AT&T; SIM card from Straight Talk, the phone will recognize that a SIM is in, but will not get service.  When I went to change the APN Settings for the phone as per Straight Talk directions, the "APN SETTINGS" option was grayed out and wouldn't let me change anything.  Straight Talk suggested my phone is not unlocked.  Has anyone else had this problem and hopefully know what to do about it?  I purchased from Seller_pro2011.  Thank you.UPDATE: BayKilla415, I think you may have been right, thank you for your comment.  I went ahead and ordered a new AT&T; SIM from straight talk and that did the trick.  Three things of note after having the phone for a week+: 1).  The home button rarely wakes the phone from sleep anymore (rather annoying since putting a galaxy note case on this phone requires also using one of the cases that came with this phone to fit properly and that makes it impossible to adjust the volume and wake the phone from sleep without taking it out of the cases (since these buttons are too recessed with two cases on) - a major annoyance when the home button to wake from sleeps stops functioning).  2). There is a buzz during calls even at low volumes that is constant in the background.  3). The phone often loses service and one must turn on airplane mode on then off again to bring it back (maybe there are other workarounds?)Also, for those setting up with AT&T; SIM (I'm using Straight Talk), here are the complete settings as I only found them piecemeal through reading various reviews from amazon and other sites:Name: (anything you want to identify SIM)APN: (not set)APN type: (not set)Proxy: proxy.mvno.tracfone.comPort: 80Username: (not set)Password: (not set)Server: (not set)MMSC: [...]MMS Proxy: 66.209.11.33MMS port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410Authentication type: PAPAPN protocol: IPv4APN enable/disable: APN enabled (check box)Bearer: UnspecifiedHope this helps, as is a little different from the straight talk instructions.

The battery doesnt charge,The apps dont get downlaoded.The processor works like a snail.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.It is a waste of money ,time and energy.It is a piece of junk.

For those that dont know, AT&T; GO PHONE WORKS WELL WITH THIS PHONE. Fast and easy set up.Delivery was fast 8-10 days. Seller responded always fast. Phone is great CAMERA IS WONDERFUL. All features appear good for me happy with my purchase.I dont really like the keyboard or calendar, but I will find away to fix it.I have been watching this phone since September 2012 and reading reviews. Happy I have it now can cancel my verizon, at last freedom.Not easy to find cases or covers for this phone 9770. I wanted white listed when I ordered stated they only have white, but I got black. Searched and finally found what I was looking for as a cover.All and all I am happy with the phone, I havent had problems and most solutions r in the settings and easy to fix.I gave a 4 star rating only because I didnt get the color which was stated in listing (only white) at the time I ordered.and I odered 9220 and got 9770, happy with it but now I must pay shipping to return the two cases I ordered for 9220 which are not compatible with 9770.

I bought this phone about 2 months ago, and when I first received it I have to admit I was very impressed, My T- Mobile chip worked great in this phone, the camera had a very good picture and video quality, the screen moved on command to my touch and the screen size was amazing. On another note  the internet speed was slow, which wasn't a big deal for me because I don't really hang on the web like that anyway. The deal breaker for me was after a week of using this phone problem free, the phone began to act up, for example a small headset icon appeared at the top of the home screen and since then I could only talk to people on speaker phone. I tried everything I could to fix the problem including resetting the phone twice, but to no avail. Till this day the icon is still there. On top of that while talking to people via speaker phone the reception would fade in and out and people would complain of hearing static sometimes. This issue has become so frustrating for me that I am now using an older model phone that I had previously owned. I recently purchased the knock off version of the galaxy S4 in which I am awaiting to arrive in the mail, hopefully it will not have the same flaws as this phone. Overall this phone is ok in my opinion, BUT I think the manufacturer should work out the kinks or at least have a customer service number to call for assistance in cases like mine.

ok phone not for me ,wouldnt read my sd card and alot of other reasons ,but in all an ok find

So far for the price that i paid I can't complain... This phone was a replacement for my HTC ONE that i shattered the screen on.  So yes I can complain about some of the features like its not 4G only 3G but hey price wise ok... If you want to look like you up in game and need to replace a phone then this Note 2 look alike is your best bet until you decide to pay mega bucks for a phone. so for me unless something goes wrong I LIKE THE PHONE

L LOVE THIS PRODUCT, THE ONLY PROBLEM L BEEN HAVING IS THAT THE PRODUCT HADCHANGE TO OTHER RINGTUNE, KEEP MAKING ME TO STAY ON ONE RINGTUNE.OTHER THAN THAT THE PRODUCT IS OKAY.

It started off as a great phone. I loved the big size and what it could do. First the headphones went out after a couple of months and you aren't able to buy a replacement set anywhere. Then after 8 months of having the phone the screen just went completely out. just be careful with making this purchase. I just knew that it would be a lasting phone.

Phone is awesome only thing is you need a sims card from straight talk before you can use it and the volume is not loud at all. Looks and acts just like a note. Love it!

The phone didn/t work ATALL&#62; Even when I took it out of box.  Had to have speaker on the hear onversation

Receive product faster than estimate delivery date. At the begining I was hesitating about this, but I decided to buy it as the product was increasing its price.Pros:Neat, responsive touchscreen, Google Playstore, 2 batteries (doesnt keep the charge for a very long time), 2 rear covers, excelent speaker sound, fast wifi connection, can use two GSM SIM cards at the same time and you can call and pick calls with no hasles whatsoever.Cons: baterry is drained very fast,

I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PHONE!!!!!! The screen is large and if youre a android lover this is the phone for you. I would recommend this phone for anyone looking for a large screen android phone. THANKS LOLBUY!!!!

I bought this phone for my sister as a guift. After one phone call it shut down. What a shame!

It didn't meet my expectation and it not worth it so if I plan to buy this phone don't buy it its no worth way I paid for I would pay no more then $50 for this phone

I like it , it work very will. i have tried it a couple weeks already, it is good. you will like it too

Ok.. I read a LOT of reviews before I purchased this phone and decided to see it for myself.  Well I received it and first of all it was USED even though I paid for a NEW one, so that's the main reason I sent it back.  Overall, the wifi was wonderful, I got 9-10mbps download on wifi, however on my tmobile data I got 2-3kbps which is basically useless.The screen size was VERY nice for watching netflix, but only on wifi. So I was basically paying $169.99 for a large screen and no data outside of wifi and I couldn't justify that.

First of all the good:It looks like a Samsung Galaxy S4,The screen is big and bright,It looks good,Wifi signal is acceptableNew Android 4.2.2 OSHas auto brightnessThe bad:Internal memory is NOT 8GB, but !!!!!!80MB!!!!!CAN NOT INSTALL MORE THAN 2 APPS,PHONE RUNS OUT OF MEMORY!!!!HAS ONLY 256MB of RAM, where of !!!!&#60;50MB!!!! available on Android 4.2.2All the above problems make the phone totally useless, for anything other than just calling.When loading apps, the keyboard crashes, or the app freezes, even the stock apps that come with the phone like facebook.never had this happen with any other smartphone but this one!The phone also regularly freezes randomly, sometimes after pressing a button, making the user press the button several times before responding.Scrolling is not 100% fluid.The start page comes with a ridiculous line I haven't yet found how to remove, saying &#34;Life Companion&#34;,The screen protector flap is not magneticThe back protection came without logo (just glue) on my phone, they forgot to put the company name on there...The cellphone does not have a GPS, but google maps shows a good approximation of your location via cellphone or wifi signalThe battery only slow charges, and gets empty REALLY fast! Within 1 hour, upto 20% can be used, when just lightly browsing!The camera is of low qualityThe sound sounds sharp, and not very niceall these are minor annoyances I could live with, but the sales deception of saying this phone has 8GB of internal space, while in reality you can't even install more than 2 apps on the phone, because it has less than 80MB left; makes this phone completely and utterly useless as a smart phone.

Ordered this phone because I wanted an upgrade from my IPhone and wanted soomething affordable especially since I'm not a contract customer so there are no $.99 deals for me.  The first thing I was pleased abouut the most was the delivery.  When I received the e-mail saying my product had shipped it estimated delivery time to be between March 25-April 4.  So just imagine my delight at receiving it on Wednesday March 5th?!!!  A whole 2-3 weeks early. Okay so I open the box and inside is this pretty little decorated box.  Opened that pretty box and inside was my phone:)))))))  OMG!!!  I am so loving this phone.  Some of the comments I read said that I would have to change the language setting to English since this phone originated from China, but I didn't.  I was also kinda worried if it would have American apps and features or if majority of the things were going to be apps I've never heard of and couldn't pronounce. Soooooo not the case!!  It had Facebook, Twitter, Chase Mobile banking, Bank of America, and much more, but all things i recognized and was familiar with.  Long story short; so far great phone and will be purchasing from this company in the future.  Nah that's wzup!!!

goes to airport mode every couple of minutes cut off calls, when hooked up through headset for speaker it makes really loud buzzing noise.Camara is very blurry, and the reverse cam stops working have to restart phone which makes the awful battery life worse. Great screen, great for texting, or searching the internet! This is my second one, first one had the speaker problem, but didnt go to airport mode.Second was a gift Im thankful I didnt waist my money on the second, it makes me want to go back to a flip phone, its dumb for a smart phone!! lol The Gallaxy 2 is worth the extra money

The phone goes to different apps in my phone by its self and the battery only stays charged for 1hr no matter if its fully charged or not. It deletes my contacts frequently and I have to either bluetooth the contacts back into my phone or put them in one by one

Internet not good , hear piece not clear, hands free that came with it was old and broken. I can't hear without the hands free kilt. Can't even watch a full clip on YouTube.

I had this phone about 6 months now and I waited to do the review because I wanted to be legit but I absolutely love it. It's like the galaxy note and people can't tell the difference. Even though the opening for headphones don't work 100% properly ( you have to keep the phone from movement) but it kind of works I still gave it a 5 star because its great quality and its HUGE lol!!! I'm still amazed 6 months later. I definitely recommend this phone!

love the phone...no issues till now and works very well. not sure what i'm going to do if it is not there because it's truly a personal assistant rather than a phone. seller "alanstore" is truly amazing and responds in no time. wish more sellers could be like this. very happy with this purchase!

After an exhaustive search for an Android 4 phone, I decided to order the Star I 9220 from China. The customer reviews and the $ convinced me to give this item a try. If everything is OK, I'll  order one more for my wife. I want to drop the contract phone carriers.I welcome the technological advance of China manufacturers to stop the greed of Apple and Samsung and give the main street citizen an opportunity.

Everything was excellent the delivery  was fast  & packed very good love the phone the gadgets are awesome got alot of technology love everything  about it the color

If your just looking for a between phone until your upgrade this is perfect. It doesn't take screen shots most of the apps you attempt to download want download. Its difficult to find a case. The earphone aux isn't compatible with any American earphones so be prepared to buy Bluetooth earphones if you want to listen to music. Other than that its a great phone and no one will know its a knock off.

Very good phone works great, just really hard to find a case and screen protectors if anyone knows where to get these let me know

Great price,I does what I need,The included or other capacitive touch pen's do not work as well as on a Galaxy S3,The camera does not have as many options or resolution of an S3.In conclusion it's way, way less costly than an S3, so you are getting way more bang for your buck.Might not be the ticket for a techno-hound, but for someone who is looking for a workhorse, it's the ticket to ride.antiguajohn

The phone started off great, but if you are looking for a long term phone (one lasting a year or two) you might want to consider a different phone. This might just be my phone, I don't know.Like I said, it started off great, but within 2 months the headphone jack just stopped working, also the cameras cover started getting dirt in it and coming off and I had to glue it back on.Then one of the little pieces inside of the charger part broke off, so I have to charge the batteries separately with a battery charger.Then the screen started turning on and off on its own, which drains the battery, and now I go through both batteries within a day and a half.It also freezes up now when I go to unlock the screen, so I have to wait on it or restart the phone.All in all it was a cool phone, once I am using it, it's fine. I just wouldn't have purchased it if I knew how long it would (or wouldn't) last.

When I first received my phone I was elated. A note tablet for less thann $200. Too good to be true.  received my phone in April. It stopped working around August 25th. And now its September 10th and the phone wont even come on unless I plug it to the charger and keep it in. And even with that, the phone shows an all white screen. I cant see ANYTHING! When I unplug the charger Its a black and white screen sort of like an old TV without an Antenna and I can barely see what im doing. and then it cuts off.. SMH this is the worst company ever. Don't waste your time or money. At first everything wll be good and you'll feel like you've gotten the best deal ever... NOT... Bad company. CHeap product. If your looking for a phone that will last only 6 months or less then this it the one for you. other thAN THAT, stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I just received the phone after reading the reviews and I'm happy for the result. Here's what made me happy:1) 3200mAH battery2) Two SIM Card Slots (You can give custom name for each SIM and all outgoing/incoming calls/messages carry the SIM name)3) Android 4.044) 2 Batteries5) Multiple cases (I received 3 cases with the phone)Does pretty much everything that my Samsung Galaxy S2 does (Difference between $600 and $180 is huge).Here are some points that I'd like to overlook but they are still minor negatives:1) Signing into Google is very slow2) No swype

I love my phone. Perfect for me. Easy to use , convenient. Only thing i would like would be more accessories

The phone works great, as it was described. I have it more than a month now and have never had an issue with it. I definitely recommend this phone to everybody.

This was the wrong color returned to Amazon. Not much else to say about it. It did look nice though.

took longer to get here then we thought. the ear peice volume isnt very loud other then that i love it. would deal with them again

Hi, I received this N9000 Android phone 2 days ago. I tried to plug in my Bose headphone to this N9000 to listen music. But the N9000's headphone jack (earphone port) is recessed deeply and causes the headphone connection loose. I have tried my Sony headphone and got the same connection problem.  I cannot use any headphone with this N9000. I am very disappointed with this faulty design. I have searched the web and found that there was no adapter available for this kind of recessed headphone jack. Another problem of this N9000 is that its Bluetooth sound quality is terrible and bad for some old Bluetooth stereo headsets (e.g. 2007 made). This means you need to upgrade your Bluetooth headset too if you have old Bluetooth headsets. Buyers should be aware about this problem before buying.

I BEEN OUT OF TOWN AND JUST OPEN THIS PHONE, AND THERE IS NO SIMS CARD. NEED THE SIMS CARD

it is a great phone as described it does everything. No problem connecting to wifi and it downloads  apps at a fast seed. This phone is actually a great value for the money.

Is there a case for this phonePlease i cant find oneIve lookef all over and all are for galaxy note

I have only had my phone for 6 months and my SD port does not work. I'm not sure if it is something i've done or what but i am contacting the seller now to see if they will fix it for me. Other than that this phone is really great!! I love it. once i get the SD port to work it will be the best phone ive ever had.

Bought this phone for my husband and when it came, it seemed like it was going to be a great phone. He really loved it and it worked great. However, after only 3DAYS, the phone completely crashed. The screen froze, went to black, and then the phone completely shut down. It would not turn on, charge, nothing. We tried removing the battery, changing the battery, putting it on the charger,still nothing. It doesn't come with any kind of instructions for use or even a real owners manual to troubleshoot. There is no reset button( that we were able to find), and it was never dropped, abused,etc. Thank goodness for the  Amazon return policy. I would not recommend it. Spend the extra on a real Galaxy Note if it is what you want.

I was really hoping to write a nice review because i really like the look and the feel of the phone. I have only had it for 2 weeks and guess what the screen has gone black. It only reboot to the ndroid signal and then freezes up. There is no replacement just refund of my money. I guess my review will be please please dont buy this

Great phone considering its niche as a sub $200 phablet.  My 3G never seemed to work with ATT but fine on T-Mobile. Faster in some places than others. Main complains are poor screen dimming app and really weak sound driver. I can only hear it ring if I'm near it. Luckily, I don't get many calls anyway. Both may be software issues and I haven't tried updating OS. Memory seems problematic too as it insists on using native memory for Apps. Apparently, the SD card is only for data like music and pictures and such.

I have to admit that when i first got this phone, i loved it.  But the downfalls outweigh the benefits.  it is a good phone for the price, but if you are like me, you are going to drop your phone at least once (but with me, many times) with that said there is no case anywhere out there like otterbox or even a silicone rubber case to protect from drops.  well needless to say, my screen is now cracked and no one can repair it unless i try the manufacturer lol buy in china which i am not even going to try because i will not go without a phone for shipping time to and from hong kong.  the front camera sucks and the outer camera is listed at 8.0 but is 5.0.  if you look at a galaxy notes camera, you will see the difference in picture.  freezes up now that i have had it almost six months and another thing i hate, you arent able to set separate ringtones for different callers and i have also not been able to set pictures for contacts.  JUST SPEND THE EXTRA MONEY AND GET A NAME BRAND PHONE.  this is good for the price, but the hassle is just not worth it.  i have to have a case on any phone i use.

thank you they where shipped with care and your sealer was very help full to me the sealer helped me fine every thing very good I appreciate every thing that you all have done for me on every thing that I've had ordered from you all

Not alot of apps. Speaker doesnt work well when listening to music or try to hear a i coming call.

The phone is hard to see in the sun.  Needs to have a clearer screen for better viewing. The earplugs  that came with the phone are to big and uncomfortable and does not fit my ears.  I have tried to find another type, but it does not take the adverage 3.5mm earplugs, it is a little longer and wider, therefore, I am having a hard time finding earplugs.  I recieved two batteries, but only one will keeps the charge and the other one only charge to 60%.Will someone who has this phone tell me the size of the earplug and where to purchase one.Thank you.

I have had this phone for a couple of weeks now and overall I am pleased. It is everything that the seller described it as. From what I can tell the phone seems to be of good quality too. Initially I was hesitant about making this purchase, it just seemed to good to be true. Knowing what I now know, I would not hesitate to purchase this phone. I highly recommend this product to others.

i would really recomend this item . it is really good the only thing is the coverage and it doesnt get gps other than that the phone is awsome the screen size perfect and really nice phone.

I actually liked this phone at first. Everything was working really fine than all of a sudden this morning the phone said it couldnt read my sim card. Wtf ? If this could be fix than I will be really happy but if not I want my money back asap

Bought this phone for my dad oversease, he loves it! Light weight  and big screen! My dad doesn't need to wear his glasses anymore while using the phone!

it's a good phone the kids can't put it down long enough to charge an for the price I spend it was worth it

This phone can definitely compete with other smart phones.  But its much much cheaper.  Matter of fact I just sold my iphone 4s and iphone 3GS and bought a second one for my wife.  This is how I love this phone.  I emailed the seller for information and they gave me all the answers that I needed.  Great support.  I would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a phone that I feel has more features than the more expensive smart phone out there.  Do not be fooled by brand names.  And to the seller, keep up the fast delivery and great support.

Never again. This phone hahahaha.... I have no idea why people even buy these piece of crap... OMG!!!! Bad battery. Aweful... awful...

I have owned this phone for 3 months.The GOOD and the BAD of it:I like the size and the looks. Its sturdy and solid in construction.  My bluetooth headsets (LG Tone HBS730 and Plantronics Pro) worked great on the phone, for voice calls.  However, using the bluetooth headset, the voice activated call feature does not work.  Also, the only way to listen to music is through the handset speakers.  Earphone plug works but music plays in both places at the same time.  Also, when on a call, the bluetooth will play music from the handset but then when you disconnect from the call, the music goes back to the handset speakers rather than staying on the bluetooth.  The battery cover comes off kind of easy.  There is absolutely zero support for the phone, with exception to a couple cushy videos on YouTube.  There are no accessories available for this phone.  There are some suggestions on Amazon for phone covers that fit the Samsung Galaxy Note.  The actual cases fit but none of the ports match up, ie., on/off switch, volume control, front camera, rear camera flash, or headphone jack.Overall, I am stuck with this phone till I can afford a "non" generic one. It works for my main purpose which is to make and receive calls.  Otherwise, its mediocre at best.BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!!

I realize that I was a bit upset on my previous review on this product , because it took so long to reach me , however I did get it recently , it took 2 weeks but it reach,. That's the only down part to it, apart from that , the phone is amazing ,its a great quality phone ,better that the more expensive so call iphone. My family is jealous of my phone, my phone is huge and sleek with a loads of memory . They send me two case , one note that's like a business case and a clear hard case an a beautiful stylus. Sorry I gave you such a hard time in those emails we exchange. You carry an excellent product.thank you starI will buy again

Its everything I ever wanted in a phone.because its so big and its all that a phone should be.love it.

big screen other than that i did not use 24 hours it was not usable wuld not even sync face book

It's a nice phone but I have one issue with it, not sute if it's the phones fault or the the service provider.1.I'm having trouble with trying to get the internet data on my AT&T; compatable simcard to work with Net10, I did purchased the compatable AT&T; simcard through Net10. So far no apn settings will work to fix the data problem. The only way im able to connect to the internet is through home wifi only, I use gps and google maps regularly in regards to my job, both of these aps require a service data to use. The fact that I can not solve the data issue has virtually become a big inconvenience, otherwise its a nice phone for the price B&G; International had it listed for.I will post back later for future reference if I ever find a solution

This is AN AMAZING PRODUCT. .Phone  -  works great. All features/ functions work without any glitch since i bought it 30 days ago.i use T-mobil prepaid plan.WiFi  -  Works great,  i use it to surf internet. The unit is fast.Skype  -  Tested it and used it, no probem.FM  radio  -  works well.E-reader  -  i download kindall app and have been enjoying reading on the subway when commuting to work.Bluetooth  -  works very well, i pair it with sony bluetooth headphone. pairing is simple.Hand Writing - i download app to imput by Writhing /scripting on the screen, Works wonderful.it came with 2 battery and aditional cover.i received the product about 10 days despite it was shipped out from China, much faster than expected, Very thrilled.VERY HAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT.

This phone is terrible it drops calls it goes white all the time... Now we know not to order them online

Nice phone..works well and the price was a good one.my boyfriend was very pleased with this one here..takes nice pictures

I totally love my phone.  It's easy to maneuver, comes with a special close case. Still working the Skype issue.

screen is brighter on the top and dim on down and battery drain quick and rest  the product is ok for first time user and if you have never used any other Samsung product  then you might accept this quality but i don't

I received the phone quickly,everything works perfectly.battery holds out great,came packed with everything it said it would come with,will buy again!

so what I liked about this phone is that I looks similar to the Samsung note and its at a great price. I spent a month looking for this phone at a price within my budget and I found it . I also liked that the seller was able to help me and was very polite unlike other sellers I tried before this one. based on the price and customer service alone I would buy another one for myself and my mom I cant speak on the function of the phone as of yet but once it comes in the mail I will do an update the only thing I wish the seller put in the description box was what colors the phone was aviliable in but that was no biggie if you contact the seller they will tell you.... very excited for this to come in the mail

I purchased this phone a couple months and I love it!! It looks just like the Samsung Note, but at a waaay cheaper price. It's worth it. I get so many compliments on how big the screen is and how nice it looks. And when I tell them how cheap it was, they really get interested and want to know where did I get it. My phone service is through T-mobile. All I did was pop my sim card in, and it worked fine. The only complaint I had about this phone was the headphone jack. The jack on the phone will not hold a standard auxillary cord. The headphones that comes with it fit, but you will not find an auxillary cord that will fit, no matter what they tell you. I like to listen to the music that's downloaded on my phone through my car radio. I was going to send the phone back just because the jack wouldn't hold an auxillary cord.  But someone on Amazon suggested that I use a bluetooth music adapter, that plugs into my auxillary slot in my car and listen to my music like that. So, I ordered that bluetooth through amazon, and it worked!! Now I am able to listen to my music that is downloaded to my phone, via bluetooth, through my car radio. And I ordered the phone from the United States, not China.  If you order through China expect to wait almost a month. My phone arrived within 3 days when I ordered from the United States and they responded to every question, every concern that I had after receiving the phone, promptly and with good attitude. I definitely recommend buying this phone instead of spending $500-$600 for the Samsung Note. It does the same things as the note. You're still able to download apps from the google store, But the price is cheaper than the note.

this product is awesome for the price... I would recommend it; has some glitches but nothing u can't fix.... loved it.

It stop working for hours at a time , had to purchase a other phone . This phone was a total wast of my moneyDON'T BUY

Got a whole 5 minutes of use out of it. Which most likely is a power circuit problem. which unless you know how to fix yourself your just wasting your time. seller does not respond to negative messages so no use in trying that to. i think paying the full price for the real thing would be so much better then the hassle with this garbage.

This product is working really well and I am enjoying it. I even recommended it to one of my friends who also just bought one from the same seller. Great product for the price!!

The amount of space you say you on the phone is the wrong. There is only 512 mg on the phone. you adverted that the phone has 4GB. That is not true that lie.Keith Maynard Sr

Miss advertised the item took it to radio shack and its worthless it needs a sim card which is not specifed in ad

Took a bit to get but great customer service. Am happy with phone screen is huge. Wish it was 4g or late but great price good product. Need more info on all capabilities of phone and would like to update software. Also would like to know where to get more accessories for it. Over all researched getting new phone affordable and what I needed in a phone for a year! Amazon Rocks!

I needed a cheap dual-sim phone that worked great and decided to get this thing. So far, it's working pretty damn great! The system is fairly smooth and this thing is huge! I was a little unsure of the size at first because its gigantic, but it will be fine.One thing that drove me nuts was shipping. I placed my order on December 27, 2012 and received the phone on January 18, 2013. That's 22 days!!! I contacted the seller and continuously was promised the phone would be there in 5-7 business days from the ship date. Clearly this was false. I'm fine if it's going to take a while to ship and they TELL YOU THAT. Guess I'm just sick of empty promises all the time.Another thing I am bummed on is what came inside the box was NOT what I expected. I got the phone, headphones, two batteries and usb power connector which is white not the same as in the photo. No plastic case. No wallet flap cover thingy.All this is whatever... considering the phone works pretty good. Overall I am pretty happy with the purchase. Now I have to track down a case that will work with this thing which I did not want to have to deal with.*** UPDATE (April 2013) ***So, someone thought this was a galaxy s3 and broke into my car and stole it. Glad I had only paid this much for a replica. Over time the phone started to get more and more flaky. There's just too many issues going on with this thing. I wanted to love it, but it was just always something holding me back. I started realizing I was messing with this thing more than actually using it... Well, I almost went ahead and bought another one, but this time I oped to spend 100 more bucks and get theSamsung Galaxy S3 Mini. I know it's not DUAL SIM, but the whole experience with the S3 Mini is 100 times better. Do yourself a favor, if you don't exclusively NEED DUAL SIM, skip this thing and get something a little more reliable.

This phone  was a present for my girlfriend and I wanted something nice but didn't break the bank. This looked like my solution. So I dove in. I receive the phone faster than I thought which was the only positive thing about this order but i did pay for faster shipping. The day of the birthday the gift was opened. It was very impressive looking. Looked similar to the Galaxy Note 2. It came with two batteries, a charger, a memory chip for the phone, head phones, ect basically everything that it said was gone come with it. Which gave the impression I paid way more. After turning on the phone and playing on it I started to notice a few problem.Apps that came with the phone crash. I tried to install a few things like facebook and candy crush and they both would go to the load screen and crash as well. Facebook would only run after like 8 attempts. I figured the phone just needed to be rested and so i tried that. Nothing changed expect the fact that I couldnt get facebook to run at all now.The batteries after being charged fully would only give me 3-4 hours of usage out of them at mid power on the phone and not at constant use either.Compatability with service providers sucked. I tried family mobile (tmobile generic brand), tmobile, and at&t.; I would only get the G network and barely any signal.Internet wifi and without- Ok without wifi the internet was so slow that it would literally take minutes to load a single webpage. With wifi I was lucky with 10 second load times. It average at 10-15 seconds and my wifi supports speeds up to 24mbps.I tried going to trya few places to get service and I was told that with it being a foreign phone they couldn't help me. I took this time to write this review so others wouldn't have the same experience and waste they time and money. The phone looks cool but is essentially worthless. Unless ur sole purpose is to have a phone that has iffy call quality and to look cool doing it then this isn't a good choice at all.AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!

I replaced my old Motorola Krazer with this smart phone, so I went from very small to huge.  I have been using it for several months now and have no problems with the phone.  I just popped in the standard size T-Mobil pay-as-you-go SIM and it worked.  I also inserted a travel SIM when I went out of the country for vacation.  I don't have a data plan, so I used the Wi-Fi a lot in hotels and other hot spots.  I was able to retrieve email and surf the web with no problem.  No more carrying the laptop.  The only complaint I have is that the screen is impossible to see in bright sunlight

I wish there was a way for me to not even give this any stars for the rating. HORRIBLE PRODUCT!! The phone NEVER worked for me...first, the battery was bad...so the seller sent me another battery and a cheap-o battery tester; which did not solve the problem. So, I never got to use the phone, the seller seemed very nice and simply told me to return it for a full refund or another phone. I sent it back, for my full-refund, but never got it. I have since tried to contact the seller with non response and according to the carrier, they tried to deliver the package on July 3, 2013 with no response. So, I am without a phone and the money!! (Not including the $50 it took to send the piece of crap back to CHINA!!

It was a great phone until I pulled it out my pocket and the screen was broke. I didn't sit on it, or dropped it just placed it there to grab a pen and pulled it back out and my screen was shattered. These are cheap phones so you get what you buy I guess :(

I got my phone yesterday everything it's working perfectly love this phone I'm recommend it to everyone...the phone it's gorgeous, sensitive screen it's really good plus the price it great...

I can't send or receive pics with this phone.. That's the only problem I have with this phone so far

I received my phone 2 weeks ahead of the scheduled delivery. I was able to use my Straight Talk sim card just had to change the LPN settings in order for my internet to work.

This phone came to me within 9 business days which was faster than I expected. The phone looks nice, it has a huge screen and its very appealing. The only cons are that the camera SUCKS! Also the internet is only 2g which makes it really SLOW! So if you love to watch videos on the internet I do not recommend this phone..unless u have wifi.. but overall the phone is ok..hey..u get what you pay for right? Lol

So after ordering the knockoff, everyone said it wouldnt work. Once i received the phone i was estactic. Until i realized the gps didnt work. I contacted the seller, who was great. Told ne some steps and if it sidnt work send it back. I had to reset my already "tailored" phone and it still didnt work. So while i held on to this phone, i ordered a second one from another seller. Same problem. But i couldnt even make a call from that phone. My phone was black with white headphones and white usb cord, black european charge port lol -_-. So i sent that phone rightback and held on to the first one for a while debating whether i wanted to keep it. I never tailored the phone again since i have done a couple resets. The phone does get hot if you use it too long. Gps worked sometimes and not for very long. Hard getting decent data. Phone would start closing apps on itsown, waaaaaay too soon for that. Although i liked the phone, since i am directionally challenged i need an easy way to use thephone. It would suck to keep it and not be able to use every aspect of it. If i onlypaid $100 id keep it. Im going to order the galaxy note 1.

the item was delivered after 10 days of ordering it.the phone is quite ok considering its price.the scree is crisp ad clear,the touch screen sensor is great,a light touch will do the work,very sensitive.Whe it comes to the camera,the rear camera gives a decent pictures,frot camera is disgusting.i am not yet sure if straight talk 45 dollar unlimitted data will work on this phone,i am still waiting for the sim card i order.

my  phone  did  not work i  have  to  sent  my  phone  back  to china  i  have  pay  $44.55  to  sent  it  back  to  china.  is  amazon  going  pay  for  that  someone  need  to pay  me  for  that

For the monye this phone works awesome....the only issue I had was that the bottom part of the touch screen stop responding....

Just got my phone today! I ordered mine from Lightahead and recieved it 2 days after ordering.I am pretty satisfied with this phone. You can't expect it to be as good as the Galaxy Note but consider you're paying more than half the price off plus its unlocked you can use it with any provider that uses GSM sim cards.You can't compare this phone to the Galaxy Note, the only similarity it has to the Note is... nothing really. its a bit smaller than the Galaxy Note a bit larger than the S3. It does not have any special functions like the Note does. This phone is basically and Android power phone with a large screen (;i have ATT and my phone worked great right out of the box. It turns on very quick compared to my old Samsung Captivate.It is very responsive and the internet works pretty fast also.As far as the hardware goes, the cameras aren't the best. Back camera is 5mp and the front camera is 2mp. The description says different but this is what the box says, and can be seen in the quality of images taken. Don't expect much from the cameras, they're not so great.One thing i really did like about this phone is its speaker. This phone is LOUD. As other reviews say the 3.5mm jack is to deep for normal earphones, i'm still wondering what i'm gunna do about that.BATTERY: this phone lasts me all day till about 9 or 10pm been charged in the morning with decent use..call here and there. texting surfing the web. and other apps runningOverall i'm satisfied with this phone.UPDATE: i started noticing particles inside my phone's screen..idk how this happened..but there's little dots inside that seem to travel through the screen..

I love this phone.  I took a big chance on it because I really needed all the functions while I was visiting the US.  I'm an Expat living over seas so when I order it's either I'm making a trip home or someone is coming my way...no chance for returns etc.  A few minor glitches, but may have been my fault.  Anyway I still love it.  P.S. worked great with ATT sim while I was stateside.

love my phone!!!! can't trade in for anything better than this...it is a wonderful phone work great with my T-mobile SIM.Love it

The phone worked for 3 weeks after opening then the touch mechanism failed.  I have no way to contact seller to inquire about replacement and phone repair shops will not touch it given that it is a generic product.  This is now a 150.00 paper weight.  I am very disappointed with this purchase!!!!

Actually from the viewpoint of duality sim this dramatic, ie to have two cellular telephony in one practical and comfortable. however there are details that need to be corrected to mobile: one of these is that at first turned off the screen when performing a call. I had to research a lot on the internet for finding the fault, and is a screw on the sensor to be loosened approach to stop doing this. Another headache is the battery runs less than an hour, but use the WI-fi or internet surfing. Words has flaws to be corrected

This Star 19220(n9000) 5.0&#34; Capacitive Android smart phone is wonderful, I am still learning how to use it.  The problem I encountered was the operating manual, it is entirely too small. And the font size of the instructions inside the manual is even worse.  It would also be nice if the phone had a ring tone volume lock. My size of my  hand  causes the volume to go down, and I am not even aware of it, until later.If anyone has the same manual in a much larger size, and easier to read, please send it to me.Thanks in advanceSincerelyecpu@prodigy.netEddie L. Thomas1109 E. 168th PlaceSouth Holland, Illinois 60473

The phone itself was ok but the memory they claimed it had was false I downloaded 3 apps and it started saying that the memory was getting low but because i ordered it directly from amazon they allowed me to return it and refunded me my money.

Hey I am actually excited and happy with this phone so far, I ordered it on the 16th of May, it was shipped on the 20th and I received it at 3:00 PM today the 25th I am actually very surprised and excited by the phone, still playing with it, but again, I am overly excited. I bought the phone from keydropper

I'm not a tech savvy guy, but I'm fairly pleased with the product. The only issue I have is that the wireless is not as powerful as my old iphone, but overall, I gave it a two thumbs up! :)

Phone was neatly and appropriately packaged!! Good condition...as soon as I inserted my tmobile sim card the phone was up and running. NO problems. Only had to download facebook and instagram!! Would highly recommend this product.

looking for a smart phone phone cheap this is it dose all most as much as most smart phones easy to use big screen easy to see cant say enough about this phone if there was one thing that was wrong with this was the instruction print was very small but if u really have to see how to do something do what i did get the instruction off the internet.

The memory in this cellphone is so low the I downlow 5 small app and the memowy was full. The memory in this phone is like 500 MB. I bouhgt a MD sin card and the phone coundn't read it. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!!!!

The phone works great now can you find me a rubber case for it I ordered a Samsung note case but it doesn't fit any suggestions would be great

Bundled purchase w/ suggested add ons the case, screen protectors are not compatible.  Who'sjob is it to get this stuff right.  Lost some trust in Amazon w/ this purchase

I ordered this phone for its large screen size. I was surprise to receive it in a "Samsung Note 2" box, complete with a small piece of document printed in 5 languages. The familiar bold Samsung logo is displayed on the back plate. It looks gorgeous, the screen is bright and feels like the real thing - but that's where the similarity ends. I put in the battery and it quickly charged "full", a bad sign of short battery life which later proven to be true. (I left it charged overnight anyway.) I thought I might have better luck with the second battery. (It came with two batteries.) It was later proven not much better than the first one. After merely 4 hours of standing by, the juice ran out. Unbelievable.If the poor battery life is not enough, I quickly find out the phone doesn't even perform its basic functions, that is, to make and receive phone calls. I'm a veteran Android user and have several Android devices so I have no problem to give it a good test with my T-Mobile SIM card in place. The wifi part works fine, however, its handling of the cellular signal is incredibly poor. I only managed to get perhaps one of ten calls through. The number of signal bar fluctuate between 0 and 2. (Most of the time it stays at 0.) We live in a densely populated residential area, where practically tens of cell phones are being used all the time, so it can't be the phone company. (My other Android phone works perfectly and consistently shows 3 or more bars.) I conclude the phone is defective and I have to return it (to Hong Kong).With the Samsung name plate, the legality of this phone is highly questionable. I guess it meant to be a knock off of Samsung Note 2. The manufacturer (whose name is unknown)did a good job on superficial features, but alas, it doesn't perform the basic function of a cell phone. Don't buy this phone.

I have T-Mobile as my provider.  I use the no data &#8220;pay as you go&#8221; plan, and purchase a $100 card annually.  I don&#8217;t have the need for a phone growing out of my ear and only use it periodically and always have minutes left over at the end of a year.  This amounts to $8/month for phone service.  Can&#8217;t beat the deal.  My old tiny smart phone was too small for my hand.  I was always inadvertently pressing the volume or power button.  When I used the WiFi, I needed a microscope to see URLs or, various stories/videos.  Texting was a chore.We purchased a tablet last year and I was hooked on the convenience of WiFi and ease of use of the device.  My wife decided she liked it also, sooo, I was out in left field.  I decided to buy a larger smart phone or a phablet.  The Galaxy Note was the perfect solution.  The Note was around $520 and the Note 2 was $670.  No way would I pay that kind of money for a phone, while I paid $8/month for the service.I looked around on Amazon and saw this Note &#8220;knockoff&#8221; for $176.  The Star N9000.  I thought; &#8220;How could they make a device that compares to the Galaxy for under $200?&#8221;  I looked at other large phones but always came back to the N9000.  I decided to buy one.I ordered with &#8220;Keydroper&#8221; from Hong Kong via Amazon on January 18, 2013.  After I ordered, I emailed Keydroper and requested a black phone.  Keydroper emailed back and said he would ship black.  To my amazement, on January 28 the phone arrived from Hong Kong to New Jersey in 10 days.  Yes black.  The phone was packed to perfection.  The carton was wrapped in bubble wrap in a tight cardboard box which was taped with, it seems, yards and yards of tape.The phone comes with an instruction manual which is basically useless.  The print is too small to read and it doesn&#8217;t say anything anyway.  I placed my old T-Mobile SIM card in the GSM slot, put in the battery and made a call.  Works great.  I charged up both batteries and began loading the phone with my favorite Apps.  The phone is big compared to my old phone but it took my 2 seconds to get used to it.  The large size is a plus.  Easier to text, easier to see, and it is not difficult to hold.  I have a size 10 hand, so maybe someone with a smaller hand may have a problem?  My wife, who is small, said the phone seems hard to hold for her.  But she keeps looking at it my phone and I hope I don&#8217;t lose the phone to her.The speaker is adequate, but sounds a bit tinny.  The volume is fine.  The 5MP rear camera is decent if there is ample light.  The LED flash is a bust.  The video camera is decent in ample light.  Don&#8217;t expect to be Ansell Adams.My old phone ran on Honeycomb, my (her) tablet runs on Gingerbread and this new phone is Ice Cream Sandwich, so it&#8217;s an improvement.For $176, I don&#8217;t expect a well built sturdy phone, even though this phone does not appear to be flimsy.  In fact, it seems solid.  I read various forums and I understand that the screen is tempered glass, not gorilla glass.  I would be afraid to drop the phone for fear of it disintegrating.  Maybe I&#8217;m wrong, but don&#8217;t want to find out.  It seems that the phone came with a screen protector on it, so this is a plus.I only had the phone for three days and already, I felt I like I make a wise choice.  $176 for a large phone and $100 for a one year service plan.  Seems like a deal to me.After I use the phone for a while, I may make an update.Pros &#8211; Size, decent resolution, price.Cons &#8211; So-so camera.  Nothing else, so far.

We're is my package or phone because it is not here at my house yet and it is late so were is it

you get what you pay for. as i buyers and sales person. i have a lot of contacts with Chinese suppliers. every time i want to order electronics from them, they first thing they tell me is " my friend we have been doing business for a long time. we do not recommend electronics from china, they are knock offs, and very bad. they look awesome on the outside but inside they are not assembled well". my main point is careful what you buy, do some research and from the reviews i see here i would be very effy about buying this. now don't forget amazon protects the buyer! but not after the 30 days of sale

The phone is beautiful but my straight talk sim card is not working properly at least that's what i think. Because i can get phone calls and text messages but not picture messages and i cannot get on the internet if i'm away from the WiFi. And the phone kicks my sim card out at least 10 times a day and tells me i have no sim card in my phone. So i am returning this phone.

I love the size and functionality of the phone. It arrived way before I expected it to, and the packaging was very thorough. Everything is amazing about this phone. :]

Yes i know that this phone is a knockoff of the actual note. The only issue i had was that after 5 1/2 months it completely stopped working. I kept it in excellent condition then one day it just refused to charge completely and then after the batteries were fully charged externally it refused to turn on.. Best thing i say DO NOT GET THIS PHONE!!!!!

CONS:came loaded with android 2.3.5 instead of 4.0.you cant use 3.5mm headphonesinternal memory is only enough for 5-10 big apps. This is a problem because some Apps cant be installed on sd cards.terrible cameraPROS:works greatscreen is clear and brightruns smoothIf it wasn't for the wrong version of android, I would have kept it.

Got my phone before the date they said I get it. And I like it  its a big phone and I'm enjoying it

Fantastic price and good performance. I needed a dual SIM smart phone and I got a very good product. I recommend it.

I bought this for a friend that didn't want to do another contract with T-Mobile once he put his sim card in , it worked perfect he says he loves the big screen the cover that comes with it everything works on it. This is a great phone if you buy you won't be disappointed...

update 10/12/13 Important--Duhh my dumb self miss this important Key fact about this Ad and the specs--#1 the header reads 8GB ROM #2 "Technical Details" reads 2gb,512 RAM, Lastly the "Product Description" reads ROM: 2GB /RAM: 512MB, For 1 if your a slightly phone/data user for web and games 512 ram is not enuff space for you at best you will need 1gig or 1gb of (RAM) which mean 512mb x 512mb= 1gig &lt;this would be good, easy to miss this for those thats not pc savy, Good thing I ran into problem with this phone less than a week of having it.Now I see the ad clearly say 8gb but of what?.. Please becarful of these ads. And altho I brought from B&G; this new name above is the same people.brought this phone 10/1/13 (white)from "B&G; International" it was in my mailbox bin 10/3/13 I would give it 5 stars for delivery time,This phone came package as stated looks great, lite in weight so I give it 5 stars for that and it also looks like a good knock off galaxy :). I give 0 stars for no customer support serviceProblem I had when open up the box and install my Family Mobile/Walmart card. The phone booted up fast most things was set for china, But it was not hard to change to US eastern Time Zone.I had to call my provider 3 times about network issues I wanted to make sure it wasnt my service that was causing slow downloads and network errors, first they reset my signal, that seem to help for 1 or 2 downloads lol oh and Google Play store/Market Place would hardly ever load, Second call they had me set the APN, well ok that seem to work for a hot second. Next call they put a 73 hr work order in to check my network in the area. Well after spending 4.5 days on network issues the phone went dead before the 73 hr work order, Oh I forgot mention poor space on the phone I added 3 games 1 took an hr to dl I walk away came back it was still downloading. When I got this phone I had a 2g storage card I used in this phone i moved everything that was movable to my card, still had low storage issues so 10/7/13 I brought a 8g and this phone was still telling me low on space (SMFH)You will not be able to customize your themes/wall paper,icons, etc.. there's not enough space for that, Soon as I dl something I would have to move it to my card to free up space, Trust I freed up as much as I could it was a pain in the "%" when that low storage space popups. I tried to make contact with B&G; International, Not for a refund @ this point but tech support, I really did not want to give up on this phone. All I got was amazon CSR advising me to place a return ticket because they do not offer support or exchanges for another phone ( only refunds),But I was holding out to see if it was a network problem.I return this phone this morning 10/9/2013 I was pretty much fed up after the phone frozed up last night I waiting 10 mins for it to unfreeze I had no other choice but to powered it off by removing the battery, I waited 2 mins and put the battery in it would not turn on(BTW) the phone frozen up a few times before this. After I drop the phone off at UPS this morn a few hrs later I have this msg in my amazon acctRefund date: October 9, 2013 Status: completed  Refund Amount: $126.42. If something about this refund should change I will update this postingWould I buy this phone again Maybe long as I get a refund if it fails. Would I recommend this phone Not at this time.. I think they have more work to do on this phone or phones Meaning the Makers not B&G; International because they or the sellers of this product, And not the creators, I would buy from B&G; International long as they make good on the refund.

We got the phone quickly. We put the sim card from simple mobile and battery and 5 seconds later my daughter received a phone call.. She loves the phone so far and envied by her classmates.  ONLY DOWNFALL SO FAR...The case that was recommended and I purchased with the order IS TOO BIG for the phone.  I can not find one ANYWHERE!  CAN ANYONE HELP PLEASE!!??

i just got my phone today and i put my sims in and everything is working as it should for the money you cant go wrong i had a dell streak i love the big phones and this one is working great so far i will up date next week ps i use I wirless great phone

First let me say Amazon is Awesome!! I bought this phone from USA Wholesalers. But it was fulfilled by Amazon so I got it delivered to me in two days!! The color I got was white and I love it. I was kind of scared because there were so many good reviews on it. So, in the back of my mind I was like this all cant be real. But guys I did my research. I looked up reviews, watched youtube videos and all. After about a week of research I went ahead and bought this phone. I am sooooo happy I did. I took out my SIM card from my At&t; &#34;unsmartphone&#34; and popped it into the STAR in about a minute it saw that it was an At&t; SIM and BOOM!! Everything was working!!! And I mean everything So now I have a &#34;Note&#34;(guys it look just like it and that's what EVERYONE thinks it is) Smartphone. All prepaid for 50.00 a month(plus tax depending on where u live). And everyone else I know who wasn't as smart as all of us(that is if you buy the phone) is paying 100.00 or more for a Smartphone plan. And under contract, worrying about going over minutes, texts, and data. I don't have to worry about any of that, pay way less than them, AND my phone is the COOLEST ever!!! Lol. Just a little of what it does:In minutes I downloaded Skype, Facebook, Mp3 music downloaded, about 10 songs. ALL OF IT WORKS!When my teenage niece and nephew saw my phone (15 & 16, u know teenagers know about phones) they thought it was a &#34;Note&#34; and loved the screen and size. While I was visiting they had my phone the entire time. Taking pictures with the front and back camera. Downloading cool games for me, like fruit ninja(love that Geico commercial..lol) and temple run,etc. They didn't want me to go Bc they loved my phone..lol(and they both have Driod phone by Verizon).The only small &#34;con&#34; I can say right now is the battery doesn't last as long as a non smartphone. But it does last pretty good taking in consideration I've been playing with it all day on and off.Listening to music, downloading songs, on facebook, texting, making calls,etc. After all that its just a little below half full. I started using it this morning full force so its been about 10hours. So u can be the judge on that. Its pretty cool with me. I'm going to go buy a car charger so when I use turn-by-turn navigation, I won't have to worry about my battery dying.  And it comes with two batteries anyway. So I am good!! So good luck guys I hope my review helps you in your journey for an Awesome phone!! Do your research, don't rush if you're not sure. But if you're like me after you're research you will be back, and buy this phone!! I don't think you will regret it. I know I am loving it right now!! It's a very good choice!!! Happy Hunting!!!

So far after using for few months, the phone is good. the screen is big and nice. thanks for the great product. you are super!!!

Met and exceeded my expectations!  Easy to use!  The screen is so big!!! swallows the Galaxy 3, but for less than half the price!

My n9000 arrived today, three weeks after I placed my order with lolbuy. The seller replied quickly to questions, but he did not send the phone in the color that I requested. Along with the phone I received two cases (one front-and-back flip case, one back-only), two batteries, a USB charger, USB cable, headphones, and a small stylus. So far the phone is great overall: speedy and responsive, with a camera that's better than I had expected. As others have mentioned, the headphone jack is wonky. The headphones that shipped with the phone fit perfectly, but other headphones do not work properly (the jack on standard headphones isn't quite long enough for this phone). The phone also lacks an LED notification light.The phone immediately recognized my Straight Talk SIM card (I'm using Straight Talk on AT&T;'s network).If you want to use Straight Talk for data, you will need to update the phone's APN settings. You'll also need to update these settings in order to create a mobile hot-spot by tethering your phone. This worked for me:Navigate to Settings --> Wireless and Networks --> More... --> Mobile Networks --> Access Point NamesClick the left button on the phone. Select "New APN." Enter the following information:Name: ST (or whatever name you want)APN: att.mvnoProxy: proxy.mvno.tracfone.comPort: 80Username: Not setPassword: Not setServer: Not setMMSC: [...] (**no spaces and no"//"**)MMSC proxy: 66.209.11.33MMS port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410Authentication Type: Not setAPN type: default,supl,mmsAPN protocol: IPv4Bearer: Not specifiedClick the left button again and select "Save." Restart the phone. You should now see an H next to the reception bars, which indicates that your data connection is working.For more info, see [...]Hope this saves you some time!

I love this phone.  Unfortunately within the first week of purchasing my daughter dropped it and destroyed the screen, but it still works perfectly.  I would definitely recommend this.  As a matter of fact my husband is now thinking of purchasing one for himself.  I

Phone was a terrible phone you could not hear on it. It was just a bad phone, I purchased it for my wife she complained the entire time as she tried to use it. I returned it within a few days. Would not advise any one to purchase this phone.

This phone is very nice! It looks, feels, and maneuvers like a high performing phone would. All I need are the basic functions, and now i can perform my calls, texts, messages, emails, and scheduling in style! The phone arrived WAY BEFORE ESTIMATED SHIPPING DATE which I loved, and everything from the concise packing to the quality of product was superb. I have had the phone for 2 week (approx.) now and i have very little issue with anything. Solid product from a solid seller.dfree

THE GPS CAN'T FIND THE PHONE TIMELY, SO WHEN ON A TRIP, IT IS STARTING WITH THE FIRST DIRECTIONS WHEN YOU ARE HALF WAY TO YOUR DESTINATION, AND IT SEEMS TO NEVER CATCH UP. ALSO, AFTER I MAKE A PHONE CALL, THE SCREEN DIES SO YOU CAN FORGET ABOUT &#34;PRESSING &#34;1&#34; FOR MORE OPTIONS, &#34;2&#34; TO HEAR THE .....&#34;  THIS IS NOT GOOD IN THE AUTOMATED WORLD WE LIVE IN.

This is very nice phone and I will recommend to friends, It is nice and the price seems to be ok. Great

So far this phone lives up to our expectations. The we ordered the  recommended case but it didn't fit. However, the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 case fits, the only problem is the earphone jack is slightly of but this is not a problem for us as we won't be using it anyway. My daughter has the Samsung GN2 and this phone is almost as good as hers for less than half the price. The only problem I have with this phone vs the Note 2 is the camera is no quite as good, but that is not a deal breaker. I would have given 5 stars if the camera was better. I recommend it for anyone that wants a good phone but doesn't' t want to pay a house payment for it.

the phone is great the only problem im having is i cant receive my picture messges, what is up with that and im straight talk

Works exactly as expected. Price was within what I expected to spend for the quality I received. Wish the on board memory was greater but it has a slot for up to 32 gigs of a flash chip.

Great product!!! Love the cases fit really well. Arrived really quick. I love the phone.Great product!! No issues afterb8 months.

I just got the phone yesterday, was persuaded by the reviews and research I did on the phone. Cant say all good and bad about the phone bc am having some trouble with my SIM card being accepted. I am with Straigh Talk so am trying to see if this phone will accept my card, though I did read others with ST and they said they hd no trouble.Now the phone isnt reading my memory card, why is that do you think ?! Didnt have these problems with my old phone Samsung Galaxy 2.I like that the screen is big so I can see bc I have eye sight problems, it seems cool Im just having trouble working it.Can you answer this question for me, my web language is in chinese like google etc, how and what all do I do in detail to change it to english, been googling and youtubing all night with no success. =(Other than that I like the phone.CC...

originally ,i received phone without 8gig micro sd card, but lighthead sent me one in the mail =)now thats service!anywho... this is a pretty decent cell.plenty of resources on board {good cpu and ram ,and a solid graphics chip as well}. this is a fast phone with good reception.also this phone DOES HAVE GPS =) [thought i would mention it since i didnt see it listed in the description]and it works quite well[i installed IGo gps.apk and downloaded the maps for the u.s.a. and it works great}works great with AT@T and T-Mobile [i tried with both and worked fine]has built in wifi hotspot [works if you actually have a data plan} ,and the battery life was pretty good for a phone this size: i got 6 1\2 hrs with data on-heavy use surfing web -using the gps -and playing games on it before i got a low battery warning.[so this should get ya through an entire day of regular usage =) keep in mind this is a pretty big phone=)comes with a really nice xtra back shell with leather flap-over to cover the front,as well as just the regular back shell.its definitely worth the money,and if you are looking for a big powerful phone,this is the one to get.p.s. yes,the browser has a bunch of links for chinese sites and home page,but they are easily deleted buy going under settings in the browser,and then save your own favorite links instead. easy cheesey =)

did not work was not worth the money nice pictures but still not worth the money the ordering process was very good but waste of time beacause it didn't work

We have been looking at different options to save money and thought to go with an unlocked phone.  It is a VERY nice phone and we enjoy using it.  The customer service is GREAT!

The seller told me this phone will work with T-Mobile, it did not, this is a smart phone and I can not get picture text, video, and the internet does not work. I am looking to get my money back.

This phone works very well the 1st couple of months. Then down hill from there. 1st the right side of touch screen quit working and he screen wouldn't rotate. I e mailed them they said they were sending a reboot disc....I never got it. There is barely any memory on the phone. And now im not even getting calls only voice mails. Phone comes with year warranty but since they didn't do nothing to fix it the first time they prb won't do nothing now....

It`s a nice phone, have android 4.0.4 installed.  Easy Root, install 16gb sd and configured to move apps.  After that is posible to install a lot of apps, but the internal 512mb Storage is limited.Screen looks sharp and very good, only negative is have some bright backlight, so black is not really black.Phone is fast, very responisive, memory is enough for normal use, big screen is very nice and easy to read.  Also install an app to change DPI to 210 and looks even better, just browse google for info.So far 4 days usign phone, battery last all day with normal use (email, whatsapp, apps update, some games, gps, music, screen 30-40%, wifi all day on, 3g all day on.3G/HSPA network speed it`s fine, on par of i9100 S2 on same network.  Have not test 2nd simm card, detect network fine and easy, only have to set access point manually, but after that all fine.

This has been a great phone. I use it with Tmobile and have never had an issue in over a year. It could have more memory, but for the money, if you don't live in 4G territory anyway, you don't need to spend 5 or 6 hundred for the &#34;real&#34; thing. This does everything i need it to do and lots more. Amazing battery life and I still have the second one in the box. Strong wi-fi reception and the OS is seamless. You just can't download too many apps that you don't really need.

Product is awful!! I was excited when first saw it and what it came with but quickly regretted the purchase. It is very very slow, drops calls constantly, won't recieve picture messages, very low space, hard to move things to SD card, the double sim slots show up on home screen and you can't turn that display off, volume and camera quality are low. Overall very disappointing and not worth money.

VIDEO N9000 REVIEW LiNK( [...]) , This smartphone is pretty much perfect, it has Standard android 4 which is always great. You can put your own video's as live wallpapers which to me is Just pure Kill off. everything about this phone from the HUGE screen down to the OK camera 5mp i think, i love it. It's light in the hand The batteries take forever to kill, COmes with 2 by the way. I actually received this item in two weeks which was Great considering the estimated delivery Date. I stay in the USA and this came from CHina, guess what i don't careThis phone has alot going for it GALAXy Note TWin : ) ps. This phone has alot of internal ram for use of multitask atleast 512 MB free use of random access memory ,it has 4 gigs f ROM which also makes this device even faster. UPDATE , I've been using this device everyday with no type of Lag , Just butter smooth I have a video review of this device so go check it out my youtube channel younghotboy91@gmail.com.  .  . [...]

Absolutely smooth, fast, sleek, phone! Why pay $600 for a Note when this does exactly the same thing?? Popped my Straight Talk sim in and that's all she wrote!! I was skeptical in the beginning, but I'm VERY VERY PLEASED!!

Maybe the only issue is that am still waiting for you to send to me the missing external storage which did not come with the pack.

GREAT PHONE. It functions flawlessly. The price is great. I recommend this phone any one, any day and any time. You won't regret it.

I contacted amazon and the sellar he offered to give me a discount on this phone which I did not get I also informed him that he as a misleading add and he seemed to be aware of already.  The phone I received is not the phone I ordered and this phone i was sent is a replica he stated of the S3. The phone does not ring most of the time, it does not keep a signal and it as numerous problems. Phone will be returned today I gave it week do not by this phone and I strongly DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS SELLAR.

I want a big phone but also need to save money so I tried this product and that was a lovely decision to buy this phone from Booming. It arrived way earlier than I had expected and the customer service is very prompt & take good care of customers. They sent me a white phone as I requested and answered my concern very quickly.The phone is awesome, I'm surely will by one for my sister and I recommend this phone to anyone who wants to save my money and want a great phone.

Android 4 features are amazing. Speed is good. But GPS does not work. The LCD back lighting is not even from one edge. You can see a few bright spots.Seller shipped the product very quick. It arrived in the US two days later but it took over 10 days from west coast to east coast and the first delivery was sent to wrong address.So far (2 weeks use) I like the phone very much. Hope it can last long.

Im giving the over rating a 4. Its a great phone. Comes with Two batteries, phone case, screen protector, and a charger. It could be at a 5 if, the phone case wasn't cheesy, the phone camera can be more clear, (you have to play around with it) and the charger base worked. Everything is in good condition.THANKS GUYS!!!!

After reading all the reviews here, checking you-tube videos, reading everything I could find on this phone, I finally took the plunge and bought one. My husband was very skeptical and said, one: "it won't arrive from China", two: "if you do get it, its a clone so it won't work!"Ive had it for three days, it took about ten days to come - not too shabby (apology number one received from the husband). the phone worked straight out of the box. I put in my Simple Mobile sim card and I could make calls and texts straight away. I had to follow the company's instructions to configure the internet and MMS messages, after 15 minutes it all worked fine.Its huge, seriously big! but just what I wanted. It came with two batteries, USB cable, European and American adaptor and basic earphones. Its sturdy, picture quality is sharp, and the touch screen works very well. I've downloaded a ton of apps from Google Play, it hasn't slowed down the phone in anyway. Ive downloaded photos, videos and music from my PC, no problems here. My headphones fit the jack perfectly. Picture and video quality all more than adequate.The battery lasts for about 30 hours, again not too bad considering how I haven't been able to put the phone down since I received it.My friend has the Samsung Galaxy Note II with Verizon. She paid $299 for it and $100/month for talk, text and data, and tied in with them for two years. I paid $173 for this phone (from HD Design) and $40/month with Simple pay as you go. Comparing the phones, there really isn't much difference. The quality and capability is the same, just the buttons on the side arein slightly different places, and no stylus, but we both agree, I definitely have the better deal.Cons: it doesn't have the stylus, but I knew that when I bought it. It has the handwriting capability so I will probably buy one later.I bought the pink and black hybrid case suggested by Amazon, it comes in two parts, the pink hard plastic case then the black rubber cover. the pink section is about 1mm too small! However, when you put the black rubber over the hard case it seems to hold the phone securely. I will keep it for now and will change once there's more choices on cases.The husband has not only had to apologize, but he says he wants one too!!Im giving four stars, but will come back and give it five stars after one month, if it is still working well.I would definitely recommend this phone!!

It worked for a week then it started saying no service i bought a new sim card and it did the same so i got rid of it

I like the phone. I can't find a lot of cases for it but overall I enjoy having the phone.

Crappy phone 3g doesn't even work. Wish I could get a refund. Wish it worked right. Already had to buy a new phone.

This phone worked well for a month, then welcome to difficulties. The SIM slots do not hold the SIM card and the phones looses connection. Very poor battery. Unfortunately, I can't return it as it was over 30 days................My advice, Don't buy this.

This phone is alright. I've seen a lot better. I still cant receive pictures but I can send them which doesn't make any sense. Everything works but the pictures. I would recommend this phone depending on the use for it. I am not planning to buy another phone like this one...

This phone was a risk/faith buy.  I scoured reviews to try and make a best guess on this order.  I made the leap and about 2 and a half weeks later found out if there was a pay off.  Phone worked fine.  Very little set up.  It works fine with ATT and I have read it will work with any &#34;sim card&#34; carrier.  I have owned this phone for over three months and put it through some test.The cover it comes with is very useful and I prefer it over any case.  Samsung cases do not fit because the buttons are slightly different and do not align.  I use mine mostly for talking some texting and a lot of apps.  I tend to play one game at a time so I haven't really tested the capacity of its memory.  I don't use it as an MP3 player so I cannot comment on its music playback.What it does do is work.  It works fine as a phone.  Works fine as a text device.  Works fine playing apps.  I have had it lock up on me four or five times loading an app.  A simple restart worked fine.  I have found that powering down once in a while keeps its speed up.  I might add that my old Samsung phone locked up a lot more frequently under less stress.  Speaking of reboot, it will load up from a restart very quickly compared to my old smart phone.YouTube works fine, as does Netflix.  The camera works good in well lit situations.  The flash is pointless as it is weak and low light photos will not turn out good.  Spring for a real camera if you want to take a lot of pics worth printing.  If your just into facebook selfies and occasional snapshots with no editing this will work fine.  The front facing camera works as expected for a 1.3mp, grainy low quality.  But that's to be expected.  Video recording works same as the camera and it picks up audio well.  The speaker is good also, as long as there isn't too much background noise.The headphone jack is an odd size so you'll have to pick up a spare at Radio Shack or special order it here.  It has a longer plug.  The phones that came with it are adequate.  If your considering this phone you likely don't own &#34;Beats&#34;.  Besides watching a movie on a 5&#34; screen doesn't require the highest sound quality.  The screen display works fine.  Video playback is smooth and works well.  The clarity is better than I expected and on par with with my Samsung.  I haven't had any screen issues.The phone feels very solid, it has good weight and no part really feels &#34;cheap&#34; or &#34;poorly made&#34; with the exception of the cover I'm using.  It is a combination:  back and flip over cover.  It seems cheap, but has lasted three months with no damage.  So despite the &#34;feel&#34; it is holding up better than expected.Overall I am extremely pleased with this purchase.  There are some odd quirks to it.  Spell check in texting says everything is wrong.  I haven't cared enough to see if there is a way to fix it.  I have added most words to the dictionary over time, so I only occasionally get a red line now.  Further it comes with two batteries, but no way to charge the second one or store it.  So i'm not really sure of the purpose.  I'll hang on to it in case the first battery fails it is nice to know it's there.  Also the GPS on this thing is pretty lousy.  It doesn't pick up my location unless I'm outside.  And by outside I mean with nothing over my head, trees, car roof, porch, clouds...  I don't use it for driving though.  I'd recommend purchasing a real GPS for driving putting it on the dash gives it a spotty signal.  WIFI signal detection is good.  It picks up my signal throughout my house.  Although my house is small I have brick walls between rooms and signal strength is fine throughout.*** SD card slot works fine I forgot to mention that.  Also this phone has a feature I've not noticed on any phone I have had before.  You can record phone conversations by pushing the menu button during a connected call.  It gives you the option to start and stop recording.  People also comment on the size of it, a lot. . .  That always makes me smile.  I plan on buying my son one also.This is not a name brand phone, but works better than I thought it would and meets my needs beyond my expectations.  Its performance suits my needs and after three months continues to perform as well as the day I opened it.  There are a lot of negative reviews, perhaps they got a dud, or were expecting an iphone mistakenly shipped to them.  I have seen some tech heads spout off some of this phones short comings, but I use it for four things, A phone, Texting, a few apps and occasional browsing.  For these things it works fine.

The appearance is great and thats about it. I used straight talk as my service provider and i purchased my phone from lightahead. My phone freezes constantly. I can hardly hear the people i call and i cannot receive mms. The apps i downloaded always crash ( Facebook, Candy Crush, etc.). The cameras are very dark. This phone is useless.

So far so good. I LOVE it very much because it is doing what I wanted it to do. People even begin to go for it when they see me with this phone.

The price was right &#34; affordable&#34;I like the camera and video recordingOf course I would recomand friend to buy

I ordered it on the 18 and it arrived 12 days later, not a bad job for shipment from Hong Kong, Asia to Louisiana.My first impression with the product was great, came with 2 batteries, covers and earplugs.  They all were so beautifully built.  The only minor thing to complain about is the manual.  It's about 2 by 2 the printed words were so small that I couldn't even tell whether they're in English or in Chinese.  Not a problem since I had a trash can nearby.I decided to play with it for a few days before writing this review.It came with a regular old SIM card while my old Nokia Windows phone use a Micro one.  A trip the local AT&T; store taken of this minor problem at no cost.  (The salesman dared to talk me into another Windows phone.  Now, I know why people are killing each other.)I added an old 16 Gig Micro SD card and it worked well.Now, let get to the main subject, the phone.  Before buying this, I spent a ton of times reading reviews and I knew there is a certain amount of risk for buying this.  It's built in China and if there is something wrong with it, it's going to take a long time to get a replacement or a partially refund.  But since I was so sick and tired of my useless Nokia 9000 Windows phone, I decided, &#34;what the heck?&#34;It took me a little while to get used to the Android 4.00, but I've learned quickly since I have used one before.  The phone was fairly big but surprisingly light and it fits perfect in my shirt pocket&#8212;any shirt pockets.  The voice is clear and could be louder but it's alright for me.  The speaker, again, could be louder but good enough to put on my desk and talk while typing.The Wi-Fi is fine, fast enough to watch YouTube without delay.  The gyration works fine, even it was slow some times.There are two things that surprised me.  First, the camera has on screen touch focus feature and a panorama mode like Apple.  The picture is 4000 by 3000 pixels and its quality is average.  In video mode, 480 x 640, products very nice movie.Second, the battery last much longer than I thought.  And with two of them, who can complaint?The bottom line, it's a perfect product, worth very pennies I paid for it.  I would recommend to everybody.

THIS COMPANY IS THE WORST. WHEN I RECEIVED MYPHONE IT WAS OF POOR QUALITY AND THE BATTERIES DID NOT FIT PROPERLY AS WELL AS BEING DEFECTIVE. I RETURNED MY PHONE 10/17/2013 AND NEVER GOTA RESPONSE FROM THEM. WHEN I TRACKED  MY PACKAGE VIA USPS IT STATES IT IN TRANSIT, HOWEVER, MY PACKAGE HAS NOT BEEN LOCATED AND IT IS NOW11/21/2013. I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THE SERVICE AND THE WAY AMAZON IS HNDLING THIS SITUATION. FIRST OF ALL I DID NOT KNOW THIS PHONE WAS COMING FROM CHINA UNTIL AFTER I PAID FOR IT. SECOND OF ALL THE SELLER IS DENYING HE RECEIVED MY PACKAGE. UNFORTUNATELY, I MIGHT HAVE TO TAKE A LOST FOR $116.00 BUT I HAVE LEARNED A VALUABLE LESOON... AND THAT IS TO LOOK UP THE SELLERS INFORMATION AND READ THE COMMENTS BEFORE PURCHASING. I READ COMMENTS ON THIS PRODUCT AND A FEW PEOPLE HAS STATED THAT THEY NEVER RECEIVED THEIR PHONE CAUSE IT WAS LOST IN THE MAIL.... I JUST WANT YOU ALL TO KNOW THAT I RECEIVED MINES...IT DID NOT WORK AS WELL AS EXPECTED IT TO. EVERYTHING WAS IN CHINESE T-MOBILE WOULD NOT HONOR IT AND SAMSUNG STATED THAT IT IS NOT THEIR PRODUCT AT ALL..... VERY DISAPPOINTING BECAUSE THE PHONE SAID CLEARLY....SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE II...... FAKE ...FRAUD...THEIVES.... IM AM EXTREMELY ANGRY AS WELL AS DISAPPOINTED WITH THE WAY I AM BEING HANDLED BY THE SELLER AND AMAZZON FOR $116.00 AND NO PHONE.

I just received my phone & most all reviews of this phone say it comes with 2 battery's & I only received one 1 which was already in the phone upon arrival which really didn't bother me all to much I had an AT&T; sim card I placed it in the phone & it worked great! I have made a phone call but no texting yet so idk if everything is working but so far the phone itself is great looking except around the sides their are a few bubbly looking spots randomly on the phone.. also I am having to charge the phone with the charger for my old AT&T; phone because the USB charger hooked into the wall or using the usb hook up wall charger will not charge the phone &#62;.&#60; I wiggled it a little and it charged but than would stop..so my old charger was the same size & should do the trick I hope it's charging on it right now. I ordered EXpress shipping through DHL and givin the phone was in Hong Kong and I am in tennessee it arrived a about 6 or 7 days later compared to the standard 22 days so Kudos to DHL/ Shipping was on time not early but on time for express. The front facing camera is low quality but the back camera is 5MP and seems pretty great! I have yet to figure out how to transfer my contacts I backed up onto my sim card onto the new phone...Hope everybody is having a good day & I PRAY nothing else goes wrong with this phone because it seems pretty damn awesome! Overall a good buy and a B- plus or A rating from me : ) Fix the charger problem! lol

THE ONLY THING THAT I DISAPPOINTED ABOUT IS HOW LONG IT TOOK TO SHIP TO ME BUT THAT WAS EXPECTED SEEING AS IT CAME FROM CHINA. I HAVE LOOKED INTO CLONE PHONES BEFORE AND NONE OF THEM EVER APPEALED TO ME CAUSE THEY ALL LOOKED LIKE THEY WERE RUNNING SOME SORT OF HAMMY DOWN OS AND JUST DIDNT RUN SMOOTH AT ALL.YOU REALLY GET YOUR MONEYS WORTH WITH THIS ONE!!! RUNS SMOOTH AND AFTER SOME TINKERING WITH THE APN SETTINGS I HAVE IT WORKING WITH MY UNLIMITED DATA STRAIGHT TALK PLAN. IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GREAT BUDGET PHONE THIS IS THE ONE!! I ALSO ORDERED A CASE IN THE MAIL OFF OF AMAZON I WILL UPDATE THIS TO LET EVERYONE KNOW IF IT WORKS FOR THIS PHONE, SEEING AS EVERYONE IS LOOKING FOR A CASE HAHA

I am going to buy this phone but wanted to know what case I can use as I woulfd like to get a pink one????

The phone is not what the description says.The description of this offer reads (as of 2 AM EST 12-04-2013): "I9220(N9000) 5.0" Capacitive Android 4.0 Dual SIM Smart Phone With 8GB ROM". Both "Android 4.0" and "8 GB" parts are incorrect.The description on the page says: "1GHZ, 2GB ,512 RAM". Clearly 2 GB is not 8 GB, and is more realistic for $149, but this is also incorrect.The box which arrived to me today was a sticker with the "8 GB ROM" clearly visible: [...]Here's what the phone shows after a factory reset: [...] 146 MB.This is what is left of 200 MB (as reported by various system information apps) when built-in applications like Google Play or the browser are accounted for.The device also boldly reports "Android 4.2.1" as firmware version. A person that never saw Android 4.x might be fooled by this. In reality it is something like Android 2.3, not even completely re-colored to match the 4.x color scheme. Obvious features of Android 4 are absent: in the notification area, in the camera app, on the settings screen, etc.This pittance of a storage is a show-stopper for me. Alas, even if you install every application to the memory card, some phone storage is used anyway. My current phone has 500 MB of storage and I barely manage to keep a few large applications, fewer than I would like.Why has the manufacturers saved around $5 on a chip of at least 2MB capacity? Is the seller outright lying or just clueless? Who knows. I'm going to return this phone.Which is a shame, because otherwise it's a rather nice phone.It has a nice, clear screen, a fast processor (everything is butter-smooth), it is well-built, lies comfortably in hand, and has a nice optional face cover combined with a back cover.This phone may be adequate for someone who only installs a handful of simple apps, not heavyweights like Chrome or the Facebook app or Google Hangouts (for video chat). But it should be clearly marked as such.

It is the second you bought, the first black excellent color all according to specifications, the second failure, the specifications has 8 GB of internal disk, but to revise disappointed and white

Phone works great, only thing that will take getting use to is that your finger doesn't slide smoothly over the screen protector like his brothers phone which is the same one.  Shipping time was excellent.  Going to change the screen protector to see if that works

I SOLD THIS PHONE TO SOMEONE WITHIN A COUPLE OF DAYS WITHIN HAVING IT...MY SIM CARD FREEZE AND I WOULD WORK THEN THE PHONE WOULD SHUT OFF..I WOULD HAVE TO TAKE THE BATTERY OUT THE PHONE CONSTANTLY BECAUSE I COULDNT END A CALL IF THE PERSON WOULDNT HANG UP FIRST.....I WOULDNT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE

The large screen and Android 4.0 os made this phone an excellent buy for the price.The phone worked out of the box with service from Consumer Cellular.New Island was very responsive; answering all the questions I had about the product in 24 hours or less.Note that shipping to/from China is very slow.

Should have known when I bought this item that I was taking a chance buying a knock off, my fault.  When it arrived the language programed on it was in Mandarin (Chinese) and had to have my son reset it to English it kept going back to the original setting  When I got this phone it worked for one night.  The next morning when I tried to turn it on it would not come back restart, I don't know why it turned off in the first place........Take my advise, before you buy, beware.Amazon was wonderful refunding my money, thank you Amazon for standing behind your products.

The only problems I have is keeping the phone from slipping out of my hands I just wish there was an otterbox case for this phone .

I received the phone much faster than other reviewers, three days, so was pleasantly surprised.  After four days of use, I really only have one big issue.  If you are new to Android or need help with setup, the enclosed instruction booklet is USELESS...worst I've ever seen for any product.  The print is so small you need a magnifying glass to read it.  The text is poorly translated from the Chinese and the pictures are a grainy, dark black and white.  The hardest thing for me to figure out on my own using trial and error was the Power button on the front of the phone does NOT power this phone on and off, press the volume button on the right side for turn off options.  This is totally different from my old android and was not mentioned in the USELESS instruction booklet.  The battery took about 16 hours to charge initially (patience), but has done well so far.  Nice that you get a spare in the package!!  Overall, I like this phone a lot...it's like a mini tablet for a mini price!The two sim card slots are nice also ...use one for business and one for personal, operating from one handheld device.  Cool.

For the price of about 200 dollars ( including shipping and taxes) this is a pretty good deal. The phone is very good,...fully unlocked, dual sim card...ucan practically use it globally without any hitch... very fast...i use it with t mobile....no problem so far... highly recommended.

Excelente tel&eacute;fono. Pantalla clara, brillante y con buena definici&oacute;n. El acceso a los programas se realiza de manera r&aacute;pida. Lo recomiendo ampliamente

I just ordered this phone, I currently have the galaxy s3 (WHICH I LOOVVEEEE!!!) But I cacked up the screen , I have a new screen to replac it but still wanted the  galaxy note 2, nd I know this is a generic brand but close enough, as long as It works... lol. But anyway im on a contract with at&t and need  it to wrk on my at&t.... anyone have any experience with using this  with at&t???? Good, bad, plz tips  of any kind would be wonderful! !!!! Also, worst case and I cant i fan try  & drop at&t & go for  a prepaid plan, any n all suggestions would be WONDERFUL!!!!!

Believe it or not, this is a quality phone for those of you not obsessed with technology and can handle something not quite a top notch phone but pretty close. The back camera is decent quality, front not so much but not terrible either. I love the size. i messed with this for a few days and then gave it to my wife becuase she just loved it compared to her mytouch she had. It is the equivalent of the Note from Samsung. This is a 3G phone and runs pretty good on the T-Mobile Network. It is kind of spotty in some areas and the internet lags a bit but if you have WIFI in your house this device runs off of WIFI great. Still waiting on the case for it, not sure if it will fit. Noticed in a lot of the other reviews that most dont. For the price of this device i'd say, if you cant afford the high priced 4G phones, this is your next best bet. The shipper was good and I got the phone in only 7 days! even though it said it would take a month. These come out of China and some are not pre- set in English, kind of a hassle but once I figured it out, everything is good now.  I was as skepitical as the next person about buying the Android version as I have a couple android tablets that are just crap. This is an exception though. Runs a lot smoother, touch to screen is very responsive, came with 2 batteries which is cool and an extra back. Battery life is so-so depending on what you use it for. If your constantly surfin gthe web or playing games i'd get an extra charger. You'll need it. Has the google App store, everything i've loaded runs good, instagram, facebook, pinterest, skype, etc. Hope this helps you skepticals out there.

I bought this to test out Net10 (AT&T; version).  Phone works great and get better voice coverage than my Galaxy Nexus.  I didn't see a choice of black or white phone, but I ended up with the black model, which is what I wanted.  The screen protector isn't the best, but you do get an extra battery, a flip case and a pair of headphones.  The battery life is good and I almost got through two days on a single charge.Google Play works just fine and I could install all the apps I wanted.  I did not do any Skype or other video use.My only recommendation, which was mentioned here before, is to buy from a seller that is shipped/fulfilled by Amazon, otherwise you may be waiting a while.  I chose the one with Prime Shipping and had it in two days.

Dear amazon,i like my new phone its just that i need the right cover and screencover, for it again. but other need that i love it.

my son  use this phone it works great , all aplication down load perfect the camara works fine the signal its perfect.

Okay, here is the honest truth about the phone...it is a cheap, sub par Galaxy Note. It is about 50% of what a Note actually is, but at 20% of the price, so for what you actually get, it is worth the money, maybe. That maybe is very dependent on the price at the moment. I purchased for 114.00 with 2 day Prime shipping. At the price of nearly 150.00, not such a great deal.I had this phone for 4 days, and on the fifth day, the screen shattered. I had the protective case on the phone, and the phone was in my back pocket. When I bent down to grab something, the phone must have gotten pressure from the bending motion, and actually shattered the screen. So with that being said here is what I encountered during my 4-5 days with the phone.Before I get into the actual review, please take notice that there are atleast 3 different versions of this phone, and you may get 1 that does not have the same functions, button layout, reception options, or qwerks. For example the one I got from Lightahead could not get 3G speed, the volume buttons and power buttons were in a different spot, and every button including volume keys would turn the screen on. But the headphone jack worked with every earphone I tried, so that was a plus.Dimensions - Big, almost too big. It is about the same size a Note 1, and smaller than a Note 2. The big question is: Do you really want to carry a small tablet around for a phone. I thought it would be fine, but in actuality, I realized it was too big for me. You will find NO case to fit this phone, except for the few book style case, but I dont consider them cases, because all the do is replace the back panel, with one that has a cover. The phone comes with one of these already. As far as a rubber or hard case...you are out of luck. Either the camera will not line up, the buttons will not line up, or the case will be too tight or too loose.Performance - Has a quite a bit of lag. The screen would freeze up quite a bit. Even with all available settings turned on for performance, it was still sort of slow. Not a huge pain. Sort of like comparing DSL to Cable internet. Usable, and livable...but definitely noticeable. It has a hard time backing out of a program quickly. Even on 30MB per Sec WIFI, it was still very slow at downloading. And installing large programs can be time consuming. The internal memory is TINY. It is not a 8GB rom...that is the size of the memory card they send you. Internal memory after the standard programs that come with the phone are installed, is around 150 MB free space left. Get a 16 GB SD card and install everything to it. I believe that if you download a lot of apps, that it may run into memory issues for the shortcuts to those apps. It even had a hard time keeping the date and time correct. It  would take a few seconds for the right date and time to appear.Camera - Terrible. 3MP tops for the back. The front...worse, but I never use front, so no big deal. The back camera has a very hard time focusing. The flash---well that is only there for novelty, because it gives off NO light. The camcorder is not terribly bad. If you make any sudden movements or the object you are filming does, it will pixelate bad.Screen - Comparing to my Girlfriends S3...not too bad. It is not as smooth, and you can see pixels more, but you can live with it. The actual touch function is good. I noticed no deadspots on screen, or any defects using swipe or slide, except on unlock, but I think that had to do with performance, not screen. The colors are good, but not great. From my experience, the screen is flimsy, and after I cracked it, I took the screen out, and it was very thin in comparison to other phone screens I have installed and taken off.Reception - Decent...but not anything to brag about. BEWARE...if you get the one from Lightahead,  be prepared for 2G speed. NO 3G, even with ATT&T.; Read the fine print, and you will see. So if you want to stream video, or listen to Pandora...you may be out of luck. This was the biggest draw back for me. There may be a way to root the phone to get 3g, but I do not know. Also standing directly beside my WIFI router I still did not get full bars.Quality - One word...CRAP. This phone has many glitches, such as no matter what I tried with settings, I kept getting Chinese Google to appear as my home page. Every key turned the screen on. The phones time and date would change to wrong time and date or take forever to upload. Screen durability is terrible. Home button feels cheap, and almost loose.In closing, I would recommend to someone who is coming from a standard non android phone to an android phone to try this phone. They would be impressed. But if you have owned anything from an HTC Hero or Motorola Droid or beyond. Do not get this phone. You will be disappointed. Maybe not at first, but eventually you will miss a quality Android device.

I was really excited when the phone got here 2 days earlier than was scheduled. That was about it. LED light does not work. I don't know what kind of flash it has for the sorry camera. Can't get mms. Thought it was just at&t so I switched to tmobile. Wasted more money. Everything crashes. I'm just not satisfied at all.

I JUST received this one and was so happy to see that it is functioning so well!The screen is bit and it came with a CASE AND TWO BATTERIES ! I think this phone does deserve the praises it has been given.

The phone is nice with a real big screen. The camera is not very good though. There is a few features that the Galaxy does that this phone does not.

Fast shiping good phone but don't last long i had my a week then out of no where it just wouldn't come back on i loved the phone i was getting used to it :-( but truth be told waste of money China phones are no good this da second time this happened to me ordering phones from China think twice before buy.. refund !!!

I am on day three of using this phone, and so far, well worth every penny.Pros:The price : affordable without shelling out major money for a name brand phoneFeatures : identical to the samsung noteSpeed: Fast phoneCan use net 10 and other prepaid GSM services with this phoneCons:Weak flashinternal memory is small, a sd card is a mustOverall a must buy for someone who wants top of the line technology without the cost.

Update:  1-27-14: Phone was working fine until yesterday.  Now all that shows on the screen is a bunch of squiggly lines and bounces.  Wasnt dropped or anything.  Phone is only two months old.  DONT BUY!!!!!! I received my phone today on November 16th and ordered on November 1st so was very fast on shipping considering expected delivery was Nov 29-Dec 17. Phone is working awesome. The only thing I have found so far that isn't as great as my last phone is the gps will not work but I may not have the settings exactly right. My messaging works fine, receive and send pics just fine. Had to change the APN settings to work with my ATT sim card from Straight Talk. Worked in sim slot 2 right off the bat after changing the settings. It does lack in internal memory but with a large gb sd card, most apps can be saved to that. My 16gb sd card would not work in this phone so I had to use the 8gb that it came with. Internet is fast on wifi and I get H+ data connection without wifi. Had to change the settings from china to US, but most tech savvy people will have no problem with this. I thought I was getting a white one but received black but I wasn't specific so that was no big deal. I did notice the jack for the ear buds is longer than the standard ear buds and I'm not sure where you would find an adapter for it. The screen when outside in the sun is not very visible. Beautiful phone. I ordered from vivimall.Update: got the gps working just fine. Just need to adjust settings to accept default, sms, mms, and wap on sim card. It does take forever to charge but didn't seem to drain fast. My son had it with him all day at school and still showed full when he got home and he said he had used it alot that day. It is a pretty good phone but I'm going back to my S2. Due to the low internal memory, alot of apps that I use can't be saved to the sd card or they won't work right and even when saved on the phone, they lag i.e Candy Crush, Jurassic Park Builder. It would appear they move in slow motion. I gave this phone to my 16 year old and he is in love but he only needs a phone for Facebook, Google, email, texting, and talk and this phone is great for all that with the large screen and OS. Straight Talk just came out with the Samsung Galaxy S3 for $399 which is alot more than what this phone costs, but I know what Samsung products are like and can trust them and know I won't have to worry about all the other issues. I wanted this phone for the upgrade in the OS system and I wasn't disappointed in the difference.

Overall the phone is great.. I put My Net10 Sim card in and it works just fine internet and all... Only Problem I Have is sending and recieving picture messaging/mms messages.. if anybody could help me with this situation it would be greatly appreciated...

I've charged the phone for 3 hours, and as soon as I disconnect the charge the phone goes DEAD.  I finally got the phone charged not able to receive or send multimedia text messages.  WTH. Sent emails to seller, still no response

its a phone, it works.... I ordered the N9000, what I got was the upgraded (Jellybean) N9770Internet based apps and browsing like are slow, like dial up slow....UNLESS you are connected to wifi.I've had this for roughly 4 wks now.This phone is NOT 3G, and never picks up 3G signals. I have 3 phones (including this Star9770), all Different carriers. All pick up 3G on my patio EXCEPT this one.so if you don't really care about 2G and not being able to send/receive MMS or browse the internet while you are simultaneously on the phone, then go for it.Me, I'm not so picky, my other phone were on their last legs (but will be emergency back up phones going forward) and I needed something relatively cheap and marginally up-to-date technology wiseAnother thing I should mention, good luck finding a case other than the ugly included cases for this device! There is no using anything other than what comes with it, that I have found...... so far....

Love my phone but it does not aHave analog TV as stated wI am so disappointed with this.

It was a bad purchase. I had this phone for less than 3 weeks. it is a problem phone. At first I was extremely happy about it. Then I began having problems. People could only hear me when I had on my bluetooth. Without it the phone sounded horrible on their end. I can hear them clearly but they can not hear me. I just called a cell phone repair shop. It will cost $70 to order another motherboard that has the microphone attached to it and the labor. So it was a loser from the beginning. They knew right away what the problem was when I contacted the seller. The repair shop just called me back. They might NOT be able to get the part for this GARBAGE!!!

The phone arrived on time.However after opening and inspecting the phone there are blackspot (scraches) on the screen .THe phone jack does not fit with any headphone and the camera takes terrible pictures .It said it is a 8 Mega pixel camera but probably a 3 Mega pixel or less camera. I'm returning this item

Just to be very true..........i too was confused to see the review of this phone.......it was above 4-5 star...i too thought it was fake.....its take me one month to convince myself that the review of this phone is correct........its great phone........all the apps work welll... WiFi is great........sound quality is good..........screen is not less than Samsung Galaxy2 or even better.......speed is also good.............its perfect phone...............Now I have only one concern...How long this phone is going to last........as it has no warranty.............But if this work well for more than year....all done........than you can say its best buying for me for this year.........Just enjoying it.........All my iphone and Galaxy friends are jealous now...

I received the white phone & cover but ordered another cover that actually has a snap on it to keep it closed. I ordered the Bear Motion Premium Folio Case that is made for Samsung's Note II phone. It fits perfectly and comes in several different colors. The only drawback are the holes that cover the camera lens. I do not know why there is even an opening because it's not like you are going to be taking pictures while the phone is in the case.I already had Tmobile under an expired contract and cancelled & put my old sim card into this phone. I now use Tmobile's noncontract service. If you don't have a sim card, you will need to get one depending on what carrier you are going to use. The phone has 2 mobile networks:  AT&T; 2G and 3G network but only 2G network for Tmobile.  If I am near a Wi-Fi spot it can go up to 4G. Straight Talk offers a AT&T; and Tmobile sim cards.I have recommended this phone to my coworkers and family for those wanting to not be tied to a particular carrier. The writing in the manual that comes with the phone is very tiny. You will need to download several apps to give you the convenience you normally get when under a contract. You will also need to download a volume control app to be able to manipulate speaker volume. The phone came with a screen protector that is not the best so you will need to eventually upgrade.Enjoy the freedom of managing which carrier you want to choose. Also enjoy teh money saved by not being tied to annual contracts.

I love this phone and it's features. it was delivered on time. Everything that was suppose to be in the package was in there. I love it.

Had this phone 7 months it shuts off sometimes by itself. I love the size and feel of the phone and love having the sd card accessibility to store for all my important docs. It seems a little flimsy as a couple of the back prongs broke while I was taking the back off to secure the sd card. Also the sd card metal holder broke so the card will not secure. I keep it in a protective case but once it dropped the phone shut down (not on the floor but on a soft surface) and would not turn on again. Trying to get the company to exchange hoping they will as up to this point it's been a pretty good phone for the money. I hate that regular earbuds don't work with this phone. I have tried to contact the company several times concerning the purchasing a another pair because the set that came with my phone on side broke about three months ago I have not heard back from them after a few attempts at emailing them. Will give an update when I hear back from the company.Update 9/6/2013 I have not heard from this vendor concerning the malfunction of my cell. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS VENDOR. No customer service. I guess I am just out of $175.....Will not trust another Hong Kong made phone!!!!

This phone looks great but its not at all a good phone. I only wish that i had fair warning. No matter what kind of sim i put in it the phone had either poor or no service it only worked well in the middle of broad street and when i went to another part of the state it didnt get a signal the entire time i was there.  Save your money.

Doesn't hv 3G like it says.. Gsm is not comparable any of the network in USA.  Ur Internet will be always on e meaning edge. It means it will take forever to load any page.  Don't waste ur money on phone.

It's great when you first get the phone master reset it to get the test stuff they punched in out. I have AT&T; and it works wonderfully I actually get reception in my basement where my phone never worked also I dont have andriod web plan and this phone works on the regular data plan. SHHHH dont tell at&t; that this phone works around thier network blocks. It's extremely fast i think you'll love it.\Remeber if you have At&T; and you buy the Model 9770 3G turn the android web off save your 50 bucks and just get a regular unlimited data plan. if they ask you if its a smartphone say NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!

This phone was not what I got but the unlock version of the Samsung 4 was a good phone everything was great until camera was cheap and horrible and touch screen won't touch this is 2 months after buying it I don't know what to do about that cause it's not like any other phone but fast shipping charger don't stay in ....

This is a nice phone. Huge screen! Lots of memory space. My Guy is jealous ....lol My daughter wants one.

I only gave one star cause I have.not got my phone as of today it might be five stars after I get it

I got my phone which delivered way faster, I actually ordered 2. These are knockoffs from China FYI. One phone worked great mine did not. Trying to use the phone and text the phone would randomly hit keys. This occurs while using apps as well suffice to say I returned it for a replacement. 3 weeks later I get the replacement. So now I have spent time with an old phone that only did texts and calls, I excitedly opened my replacemtn phone and put my sim card in. Woot it powered on!!! But wait I call my bank to check my balance..... the phone screens goes black/dark, the phone stays on but I can't hit any keys nor can I hang up. And alas the ghost keypucher is alive and well on this phone as well. I tried to get a refund/replacement and the say I am out of the time frame...... Seriously STAY AWAY DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY go to a pawn shop or ebayUPDATE: 9/16/2013Received a refund today.....PARTIAL REFUND!!!! They only refund half stating it was out of the 30 day period..... After dealing with shipping for two phones back and forth to China..... UNACCEPTABLE!!!!!

I ordered this phone for myself, it came on time and I found it to be just as advertised. The only problem I had was getting my phone service company to activate it. Sprint said it was not recognized so I sent the phone to my son, he has Verizon service and had no problems getting the phone activated.

Not a bad phone for the price. There are some minor glitches with the phone. For instance, when you try to add your contact to text, it will not let you send it until you remove the brackets from the area code and the assigned name. Not a bad phone. You get what you pay for.

Worth $10, may. Has very little internal memory storage, so if you like apps, or surfing the web, dont bother. You might be able to fit a few-like 4- if you root it, which I did, but theres no driver. I couldnt flash a new ROM either.My shipper allowed me to return it back to China, but I cant imagine how much that would coast, and its illegal to send electronics into China.Buy a Samsung Galaxy lite, Its not fancy, but it makes the Galaxy look like a Porsche. It costs about the same if you look around, and you will thank me later.

This is a 3G phone, simple and I am loving it. I ordered this phone from lolbuy, I purchase this phone on April 19, 2013. I order this phone and request this phone in white. All I can say that I received my phone on April 29, 2013. This not bad at all for to say that this phone came to the US all the way from Hong Kong. I received my phone in White, and I really love this phone. Everyone really need to order from this seller. Awesome shipping, quick response to email. Outstanding Seller. I really just love my phone, not complaints and i really recommend this phone and seller to a friend

Great phone to use, very resourceful in all the apps available to download for convienence of everyday, professional,entertainment,etc I would recommend this phone. Only con I have about this phone is I wish I could've got it in black instead of white.

I bought this phone for my mom and it was terrible. I was excited to get her using a smart phone but even I had trouble with it and I've been using an Android for years. The touch screen wasnt very responsive at all and it would freeze. It was unbearable and I ended up returning it.

This phone is wonderful. Takes a minute to get everything the way you want in terms of set up, but it is well worth it. Only draw back for me is the phone comes with regular headset and I need earbuds. I love music and the speakers are wonderful. I haven't come across an app that wouldn't work with it yet. It is a excellent purchase for the price. People always look at and say &#34;Let me see your Samsung Galaxy Note&#34;.

My Android phone got shipped to me in the month of January. I have been using my phone for a week and some days. I really enjoying using this phone. I can read words very comfortably on the screen.I recommend this phone to people who love big gadgets.

The only reason why i am rating this phone a 4 star is because i am waiting to see how it continues to maintain its current excellent status---other wise, its a 5 star for me. I ordered this phone locally in the US. It took four days to prepare the shipping but once the shipping left the seller facility, i got it within two days. I have had it for just over a week but i can testify so far that its an excellent phone. I wouldn't advice anyone to go waste precious money on a Samsung note. This phone does it well. The camera is good. Internet is fast, depending on your network provider--and it uses a Sim card. Mine is Ultra mobile which uses T-Mobile network but its perfect. Sound is good and features are excellent. The front camera could be a little better but most front cameras are like that on most phones anyway. The back camera is above average and clean! I am definitely loving it and will be happy to answer anyone's question related to this phone because although i have had it for a little more than a week, i am quick with exploring phone features and i already tested all the features. I have good information to share. Its not only insanely cheap, it is a great phone--Go for it surely!!!!

i didn't like this phone because it was difficult to down load new aps, the gps didn't work on the phone, and it was cheaply made.

I ordered my phone from Lolbuy January 8, and though the expected delivery date was listed between Feb. 4-20, I recieved it January 18.  It took a little doing to get into the package- the box is wrapped in bubble wrap, tucked inside a soft cardboard package, then competely covered in clear tape to water-proof it.  It came with a mini-stylis with a soft, foamy-feeling end, two batteries, a flip case, a clear back cover, and a USB cord and plug-in.  The owner's manual is very basic, so if you aren't familiar with Android OS it will take a little playing with the phone to figure things out.  I got a regular sized SIM card, Straight Talk AT&T, and slid it into the first slot after a little manipulation (my first time with using a SIM.)  I had read the reviews here, so I had looked and Straight Talk has the APN information online.  I had my phone up and working after about 10 minutes, including waiting for my service to switch from my old phone to my new phone.  I was happy to see my charging cords from my old phones work well with this (had a Samsung Galaxy Proclaim among others), but so far I've been having no problem with 18 hours of use during the day, with calls and light app and internet use.  I do have ATK installed to help out with that, as I did on my DroidX (I loved that phone and would probably still have it had it not met with an unfortunate accident with a car tire... killed the phone but also prompted my leaving Verizon and the ridiculous phone bills.)  It was a little sluggish at first, but it has sped up noticably.  The camera is decent for a phone, especially if you turn the HDR on for the back camera, and the front camera is ok- a new feature for me to play with.  I'm still playing around with the phone, getting used to things, so if I have anything to add later I will do so.  I did try out my Skull Candy ear buds, just to see if they would work, and they did, sound great.  I had also ordered a retractable phone charger and hard case for the Samsung Note- they do not work, fyi.  The case is a little too large, and the button cutouts are in the wrong places, but I had to try.  Overall, it's a great phone that has my co-workers jealous and considering leaving their contracts.

Phone is ok, my fault for not reading description better. Its not much bigger than my galaxy s3. I wanted the bigger note. Also, wasn't shipped until I asked about it after 2 weeks. Plus side, it was shipped priority & received within 3 days.

Junkitee junk junk junk.  did i mention it's a piece of junk?  I could have burned the money and got more for it but that is not legal.

if there was negative star i could give to this product i will GLADLY give negative to this phone more than crab.not as i was expecting.i really regretted.i needed a big phone for the new yr but i made a wrong choice

Its just ain't 4g and the battery go dead quick but its a good phone the ear plugs and the Carmel and flash ain't good

The bad:Battery life sucks.Manufacturing shortcuts: glass is curved at the edges, not flush with bezel. Back cover is very fragile when removing.Constant warning message when not using SIM 2.GPS connects inconsistently.Many GAPPS missing, but claim they're installed.A SIM management program is installed but not properly working.VERY low WIFI reception.Occasionally, Chinese pops through when everything should be English.Camera is lousy.Does not come with pictured accessories (to be fair, they're not listed in the description either, and this did not influence the number of stars I gave it.we sent back to seller , they dont returm our money

It look just like a note I love it... any cell phone company will work in this phone. It comes with two of everthing.. I looking to get a other one soon..

I am very happy with my new phone. It has every thing which I wanted in my phone. Thanks to Lolbuy. Very good customer service.

well first off the phone crashed not long after I got it, completely locked up and got stuck in a startup loop.  Was under warranty and mailed back to china to be repaired. That was a month ago.  When it did work I loved it, camera is so-so, never was able to get Skype to work.  Other than that I though screen was clear and crisp, internet worked good, however wifi range was poor.  If I was more than 10 feet from my router it would drop down to nothing.  phone call quality was good. no complaints.  will add info when I eventually get phone back.

PHONE ARRIVED LATE. DID NOT WORK WITH ANY US SIM. TRIED IT WITH SEVERAL. IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE UNLOCKED. COST ME SO MUCH TO RETURN IT.

This phone is legit but it has minor defects . the sysytem is great . software is amazing . hardware is on the bad side . cheap screen . feels cheap. cheap camera . cheap every thing . but for the price . this product is exellent . you might have minor net work issues but with patience youcan fix them

I just opened it and it looks good, but when I try to type something, some letters have to be pushed two to five times. It irritate the hell out of me. I am not impressed at all. I will see more and may be I will return it, unless some one will tell me it happened the first few days and it will be corrected and be better. Also I thought mini styles will come with it. I don't have it.

The product us excellent. The only thing that was not mentioned was the fact that the phone is prone to scratching even when used with bare fingers. I was wiping out the dust and my nail caused a scratch. The phone is useless with out a protective film put on even before first use. Be careful about this when you buy itUp Date:Upon close inspection I have found that the phone came with a screen protector already installed.I have also noticed that the scratches are on the protector and not on the phone glass. Phew.. I am happy now. I shall be using the phone right away. I have switched my ATT IPhone SIM and a SIM from Airtel India into this phone and have been using it since last evening. I am satisfied for now but lets see how it fares in a month or so. Shall update ten

I like this phone but it tends to get hot on the ears.  too hot for the ears to speak in comfort

Two days after i started using this phone, i returned it.The call quality and texting is not bad. Actually pretty good. I had no problem sending/receiving both regular and picture messages. It rings really loud too. The main problem i had with this phone is how little the internal memory is. The day i got it i had about 500 mb of memory left. That included music,videos,pictures and apps. 500mb thats it. If youre like me, who like to store loads of things on your phone then this is not gonna be enough for you.Second thing is the camera. It marks itself as 5mp. In some sites i saw 8 but it doesnt qualify for both. Its barely a 3. Barely. I had a samsung phone with a 5mp camera. It was really good. Takes good,clear pictures. This phone cannot even match up with it. The front facing one is even worse. The picture delays badly when you move the phone. Its just bad.Third. It doesnt have good connection. When i connect it with somewhere i can connect my tablet and my other phone with full bar. It only connects with two and its suuuuuper slowwwwww....most of the time it doesnt get connection at all even when youre in a hot spot.Overall it might pass as a ok phone. But definitely not one with this price. Think secondly when you buy.

I enjoy the phone, although the instruction book gave very little details on how to use the phone,  the booklet was small, tiny writing and difficult to read.

Ok, first I must state that I am NOT a technology expert. I have a laptop that I am capable of running efficiently and this is my fourth smart phone. That being said, I received this product today and am very happy with it.I would like to address some of the negative reviews here. First, it DOES NOT come with a sim card. It tells you in the description that it DOES NOT come with a sim card. I have seen a few negative reviews that state only that they didn't get a sim card. (I don't appreciate ignorant reviews). This is NOT A SAMSUMG PRODUCT. Don't expect it to behave or have everything a Note 3 has. It is a knock off.Now that I'm done with that I will tell you everything I enjoy about this product so far.1) The screen is large and very clear. The picture is great. I use my phone for social media, email and a few games. I love that Instagram is crystal clear and the picture quality is just amazing. The same goes for Facebook. I have played a few games on it such as Temple Run 2 and the sound and picture are again very good.2) It accepted my SIM card from my old Straight Talk phone without any problems. I have seen some negative reviews about the compatibility with Straight Talk and this phone. I had no problems. One slight hitch was sending picture messages and my data. THIS IS AN EASY FIX! I simply copied my APN information word for word from my old phone before removing the SIM card and then  copied it into the new phone's APN settings. Everything worked fine after that.3) The internet speed is great with my regular data plan and with my wi-fi. I will say that my wi-fi is slightly faster but either way works great.4) The headphone jacks have not been any problem for me. Again, I wonder if everyone gets the same phone because this was another complaint that I read about in reviews but I have not encountered it with my phone. When I received the phone it did come with headphones (as it says in the description) and I took those headphones and compared the jack to everything else I had used with my old phone i.e. my aux cables, my other headphones and my wireless speaker cable. They were all the same. So, I tried them all out with this phone and surprise, surprise, they all worked just fine.5)The sound from the phones speaker is great. It's loud and clear and wonderful. I play a lot of music all day long. I really like that the sound is such good quality. Regardless of whether you use the headphones, the external speaker or a wireless rechargeable speaker the sound rocks.6) Phone calls and texting...what can you really say about this. I can receive and send calls and texts. No one has said that they have trouble hearing me and I can hear others fine. I do like Go SMS Pro and had already set it as my default so I cannot speak for the messaging system that came with the phone. I would think that if a downloaded version has no problems than the original would be just as good.Before I go into the just satisfactory aspects of the phone I will tell you why I gave it five stars if not every single little thing was great. The price of this phone (I ordered the black one which was $116 plus some change after taxes and whatnot) is very cheap for what you get. Those of you who have used Straight Talk know what I mean. The Straight Talk versions are overpriced and honestly just crap for what you pay for them. This phone was a fraction of what a Samsung S3 would have cost me through Straight Talk and it is much bigger and better. So, when I compare the cost to what I love about it and what is so so I give it five stars.So on with the so so aspects of the phone....The Camera...it's not the best. Personally I do take a lot of pictures and was not thrilled with the camera. I have discovered that if I use light to my advantage and really focus on my picture taking I am not at all disappointed. To me, this is an opportunity to become a more skilled photographer. If it is truly an issue, I suggest getting an actual digital camera which will always do better than any cell phone out there.The Memory..ok this was a little disappointing as well. I knew what to expect tho. The total internal memory is around 8 GB which isn't the greatest. I am upgrading to a much larger SD card because of this (I have just a 4 GB card and really have been needing to upgrade for awhile). As cheap as SD cards are now I don't really look at this as something to strike a star for. Again, I'm no technological whiz so if you are and you need more memory and an SD card just won't do...well..this isn't the phone for you.  Those of you who just like to take pictures, read news feeds on social media, download apps,  and play games, you should have no problems with this phone.The Flip Cover...ok yeah, it's pretty cheap looking. I will be ordering a wallet style cover and I will update my review to let people know if any fit correctly. (been down this road with every single Straight Talk phone I have ordered)Overall, I love this phone. I think that I covered all the important stuff. I will update this review as I go and let any potential buyer know if there are any problems.Oh and I received this phone on the day I was told I would get it. It took about four days, that was awesome for me!

I love this phone. I spoke to several t-mobile representatives and they couldn't fix the Internet problem. It countinously said Edge not 3G. As a result I have no choice but to return the phone. I need the Internet especially if I am paying for it. Everything else works great including text but the web is incredibly slow.

My daughter is very pleased with this phone. I haven't used the phone for the purpose of a phone. She installs her apps, music and uses the camera and so far it is very wonder and feels great in my hands. Now my husband just said today that he plans on getting one as well, and I had already to my son that I was gonna order him one as well. Ordered mine from Christy who was great responding to me within just minutes every time I emailed them. Just wish I had gotten the color I requested. Next time when ordering, I will have to be a little more demanding.

I buy this phone and is not the same that they show in the list. Only work for 1 week and them never turn on.

It is totally awesome. larger than i thought but i still love it.  did have problem with sd card holder. it kinda does not read my sd card.  i dont know if i got a bad one or if this is a problem with the phone.  i am sending phone back for a new one.  hard for me to return because i dont really use my sd card but i know i really need for it to work

I WAS VERY SKEPTICAL WHEN I ORDERED THIS!I admit, I'm still nervous about this phone crapping out on me in the future... Time will tell. BUT FOR NOW...Today is the first day of having my phone. I will be putting a sim card in it, soon. So far, the phone looks great. Came with 2 batteries(Nice!), a charger, and a headphones.- Screen responds as soon as I touch it.- Downloads on Wifi work as well as expected.- Made a phone call with Skype over Wifi. My brother said I sounded good on the voicemail but not excellent. "Didn't sound distant but sounded a little different."- Screen is good but doesn't seem as "detailed" as other phones. However, its still very good.- Camera seems great.- Not much internal space but SD card will fix that.Hey, this phone was very inexpensive compared to the alternative options. Plus, dual sim card slots!? Nice! Freedom to change between providers, anytime.More updates to come after sim cards are installed!----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Day 3:Installed Sim Card with SIMMobile(uses T-Mobile towers).- Good talk reception.- Data works well.- GPS & Navigation are slow to find your location, then work wonderfully.- Wifi works well.- Sometimes data stops during watching movies. Phone problem or service provider problem?I am exchanging this phone because of some dead pixels on the background. That is the ONLY complaint I really have.I wish the headphones input was universal. Speakers get a "pulsating" noise if you plug in speakers other than the ones that came with it.Screen is pretty good. You can tell the screen is a little "cheaper" but can't really complain.Camera works well. You will need to adjust settings to get better pictures. Blurry at first, then settings adjusted, pics are great.Low internal storage. DO NOT FORMAT YOUR SD CARD UNLESS YOU WANT YOUR OLD PICS DELETED!Battery life is better than my Samsung Smartphones... (I am a heavy phone user, too.)---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This cell phone is amazing. Its just like the galaxy note. Works excellent the apps and my friends around also were amazed because the great quality and of course the price. I Highly recomend it to all amazon customers.

This thing was pretty sweet at first, but then after a few weeks it would shut down on its own and the battery would be completely dead. A few weeks later the phone froze and would not turn on. Eventually it did turn on after some messing around with it, but it never moved past the start-up screen. I suggest putting the $150 towards a brand name phone, and save yourself the hassle.

this was a good product. i received my product on the exact day it was suppose to come. the phone works great and the camera works great too

If you are looking for a challenge in operating a phone then this phone is for you. I had issues with calls being hung up for no apparent reasons and various other issues with these phones. I ordered and returned 2 of them. And yes I checked all the things in the phone that would be a reason for hang ups or dropped calls.The screen was so sensitive that I could not carry it in my pocket and my wife could not carry it in her purse even with the covers on them that came with the phone. Good thing they send them with the phone because case/gloves for these are nil to none from what i could find.I looked in all the info I could find online to solve the issues. Did everything I found that I could with no real solution to the problems. My signal for my carrier is always 3 bars or better so it was not dropped calls. All was hangups on my wife's phone. Mine as long as i Treated it special would work but it took special things like shutting it off when i would put it in my pocket for even a short time or shutting off screen when I put it up to my ear as it didn't seem to have proximity detector. If you get one Good luck is all I can say I returned both ours after we became frustrated.

The phone is awesome. It's great quality and it looks like a Samsung phone. (It's a little bit thicker).It only has 512 megabytes of ram. That's the only downside of this phone.

This phone meets or exceeds all my expectations , Big screen, Great signal, Easy to put on Straight Talk , insert the sim card and follow instructions, ready to go. great battery life.

The cell phone is ok, the batteries are really bad! Take to much time charging and consume fast, wiht all the cell app close only give,  maybe 2 working hours and you need to put on charge again

l would highly recommend buying this phone. When I read the reviews it seemed I was going to get a cheaper quality phone that was made differently but thankfully I was wrong. This phone is just like the Galaxy Note but has minor differences such as the center is a physical button rather than a touch pad and the power button is on the side instead of the top.ProsHuge screen great for movies and gamesComes with a charger, headphones, two back covers, two batteries and one instruction manualExactly like Android phonesWiFi, Bluetooth, Dual Sim card, SD card Slot, GPSWorks with AT&T; Or T-MobileScreen Protector put on Previous to arrivalRear and Forward facing CameraConsFeels a little cheap because of how light it isJust a little to big to fit in your back pocketDoes not have "S" beam (I didn't expect it too) one of my friends asked thoughCharges really slow (But dies slower, and it came with 2 batteries so can't complain)The Flash is not that greatThe Speaker is on the back of the phone and makes it a little difficult to hear video's playingDoes not come with a stylusI've had the phone for only a week now but will be updating it in a month or so to find any other issues with it. I bought the phone because my upgrade was about six months away for AT&T; and my Iphone was done for. This phone is great for the money and just a great buy. My only real concern was it was a little bigger than I expected, other than that it was awesome.

i havent recieved this phone in the mail just yet and i cant wait to get it but now to get to the point of what im trying to ask i ordered a samsung galaxy note battery cover basically the back of the phone guess u can say anyways what im wondering if i ever have to put this battery cover on the back on the phone would it fit or did i buy it for nothing i bought it just in case the original back that comes with this phone happens to break just for back up never know rather be safe than sorry i do plan on adding more to this review when i recieve the phone in the mail by the way with my opinion and thoughts on the phone

This is a great phone just too big for my taste. Although my sister loved the size so it really depends on your preference.

Phone is need more internal storage space and there is lack of memory as well. I don't recommend it .

This is my very first smart phone and I love it. Everyday I am learning something new with it. I dont know much about technology but from the basics that I do know this phone is a great product. It came faster than the time it was given. The one thing that I do not like about it is that I wanted to buy beats headphones for it and before i was going to buy them I tested them to see if they fit. The way the whole is made unfortunately it DOES NOT FIT or any other type of headphones in that matter. I do believe that only basic small headphones for it will work, but other than that I have no complaints about the phone.

This phone sucks. I got it as a gift for my girlfriend and she's had it for about a month. Call quality sucks, she put her sd card in and it fried the 600 pictures she had on it, it constantly says &#34;low phone storage&#34;  an cannot send or receive pictures or videos. In the end I had good intentions to get her the phone, however now were going to have to get her a new phone because this one sucks so bad. This was basically a waste of money so if your reading this  I would advise TO LOOK AT A DIFFERENT PHONE!!!!!!!!

Great off brand phone. My phone is great but I tried to order two more and it didn't turn out like mine. It's the luck of the draw.

i reccomend this phone highly.its fast has a gud picture camera works great and i got it really fast...put the sim card in from simple mobile and everything worked

Great and inexpensive product.  Everything worked as advertised. Though its a knock off version of the real thing. the Star I9220 suits my needs perfectly.JohnP

The phone came with malfunction of GPS. The 3G data is vey slow. Do not buy the phone. The price is good.

the specs clears states phone with 8gb rom (I9220(N9000) 5.0&#34; Capacitive Android 4.2 Dual SIM Smart Phone With 8GB ROM) when i turn on the phone and checkk the storage its showing me i have 0.95gb like really i wanted to order 5 of these phones but its not what it is said to befast delivery but the product is a rip off

Pros: The phone looks niceit takes great pictureslarge screenCons: cannot put music on phoneringtone will not stay set (keep changing)alarm tone will not stay setvolume will not stay set

First of all the shipping was pretty fast. I got my phone yesterday & it looks similiar to the pic but the sensor are on the opposite side. I went into the about phone section and it's running 4.2.0 (android),model number (GT-T9500) after some research I realized that i recieved a Samsung Galaxy S4 clone. I think I will be able to get 3g with the new apn changes that I made, because at first it wouldn't get service at all where I live, but now with the changes I get service but not 3g (I'll update if I get 3g). My box was white with a little sticker on the back with the name of the phone i ordered on it, everything was included as in the description, & it had a screen protector installed on it. My phone is white b/c that's all they had. I just stuck my straight talk sim card in this phone and changed the apn settings to get it to work in my area. I put a 32g sd card in my phone but I still had to install app 2 sd in order to stop it from saying low on storage & so that I could install apps from the play store. I don't have a problem with the earphone jack like in other reviews & all my headphones fit with ease & work well. This could be b/c of my phone model. I'm still learning this phone so I'll update in a couple weeks.Update: 07/31/2013I've decided to return this phone because after doing some research on the phone that I got in mail (GT-T9500-this info is in the about section of the phone). It's not what I ordered/paid $139 for it's similiar to the knockoff Samsung galaxy S3 or S4 & it doesn't have 3g which I knew cause this was in the description. I returning it because this same phone is on another website for $64 which is way cheaper than what I paid for this phone. So buyers beware & make sure to check the about section of your phone once you've gotten it. They even have a video online of this phone. It has android on it but when you first turn it own a picture of a blue bumble bee comes up instead of the little green android man.This phone maybe for you but it's not for me because I don't play about my money & I don't think it's fair to pay for something and then don't get what you paid for rather it's knockoff or not.

I would like to know if anyone is using att sim card with $50 unlimited plan and does the internet work? I see they have a data plan for $65, but does the $50 work.  Also is anyone using boost on this phone?

phone is nice and I love the size but I wasn't able to get internet when I was on the road so I let my granddaughter haveit for her own use and she really likesit

I purchased this phone for my 17 year old son and he loves it!!!  At the begining he was skeptical but so far so good.  He just have it for a month.  Hopefully states that way!

Purchased a while ago and was never able to find a case online or instore that actually fit this phone- I will now attribute the fact that my phone is dented, cracked, and scuffed to the lack of case availibility....and not my pure clumsiness. I don't think I'll ever buy a no-name cell phone again. Too many compadability issues. I will be replacing it as soon as I save enough to get a better phone (without contract).

The phone is great but if you like games as I do candycrush A NO GO! and I got two batteries and both die fast got my phone Oct 11, 2013

Phone was as described. Works well on the T-Mobile 3 G network. Have used it for two days now with no issues.Was concerned by one review about the headphone jack but I have had no issues using headphones.Device is quick and responsive.Works well with Wi-Fi too.Long battery life.This is my first unlocked cell phone and if this one holds up will never go back to a locked phone.Day four with this phone and its still working just fine. No complaints. 12/29/12Feb. 1-2013; Phone is still working great. Have had no issues on the T-mobile network.

Have had for a few weeks now.Got for about $163 with free shipping from one of the smaller sellers that was pretty well rated.Shipping took a couple weeks, I think from Hong Kong.Have had one reset issue where it froze up after I installed a wifi searching app. The phone would not turn off and I had to take out the battery. That has happened once.The screen scratches very easily (I think it might be hard plastic) so I bought a packet of screen guards big enough to fit it, and cut one to accomodate the mic, front cam, etc. Touch sensitivity so far is usually good.The battery does take quite long to charge, I think, and can drain quickly with a lot of use.I haven't felt need yet for extra memory card, but that might be a good idea if I get more into apps and take more photos/videos.I was delighted to find that I could take credit card payments with this using the Square Register, but because the earphone jack recess is a bit oddly configured, you have to cut a bit of plastic off one of the sides of the Square Register's plug in order to fit it fully into the jack. Wasn't hard to do and worked fine after that.I live in urban area and instead of getting an expensive data service, I just transfered my T-mobile cell phone SIM to this phone (worked immediately in both SIM slots) and got a Freedompop photon modem for private wifi. Can't use GPS without the data, but google maps is a pretty good substitute for that now.

Although I loved the look of the phone and the vibrant screen, I encountered too many problems with it and ended up returning it.

I've had this phone for 2 weeks now and it is great. The battery is actually better than most phones I've had, which is alot. It needs charged about once a day or every other day if I don't use the internet too often. I would give this 5 stars if it was perfect, which it's not but it is a great phone for the price. Worked just fine with Straight Talk right from the box, I already had a sim card. The seller, Newisland, I would give 5 stars their customer service was quite helpful and the phone arrived in about 2 weeks, which was 2 weeks earlier than projected.

I cant even use my headphones on it and that is a issue for me I would like a refund or sent a new phone

It does not have 8gb of ROM, as stated in the title, but everything has worked so far. I was lied to and given the wrong tracking information 3 times (by ProntoTec, which has recently changed to GeekCatch), but it did arrive 2 weeks before the latest delivery date.As for a product, it is decent, I will update if I should run into problems. The flash on the camera's not great, but it takes decent shots in the daylight. So far the speed is decent enough to not aggrivate me (I'm a tech-y so this is a compliment), and set up was a breeze, but is not as easy as most androids.

Not reliable wireless connection , low quality pictures, some times working fine but sometimes not working at all, Do not recommend to buy th

For the cost I got 2 batteries, and 8GB micro sd card, headphone, and two-way charger. I think that is pretty good.I ordered from LIGHTAHEAD.Pros:- Large screen- Graphics are good enough- Just popped in my TMobile Chip and it workedCons- Can be very laggy - low internal memory (download clear cache app, and get rid of the live wallpaper to improve performance. Get rid of some apps. Install to your SD card)

Okay I was iffy about buying this product at first. I paid $180 from LightAhead...I paid for Expedited shipping, 1-3 days, recieved it in 2days from California to Florida (I wanted the black model)Also it came with 2 cases, even though one was fairly crapped made they still work. ALSO **** It came delivered with a Screen Protector already installed on the device (I thought it was kinda neat/nice)****Everything works smooth except those with a Micro-cell (a Tower you would place in your house to recieve full bars [one time fee for ATT] my signal in my house usually with my Motorola Atrix was full bars, but using the microcell in my house now I reiceve no signal.Also the WIFI doesn't seem to wanna stay connected like my Atrix use to. But the phone works great, I'm decently pleased with it, and I love the fact I can switch to a different company like Straight Talk and use their sim card after my AT&T; Plan is up in another 6 months.Can make music on your phone your ringtone very easy, add pics to contacts, everything a real phone does. Just the signal is a bit iffy But I've only had it for 1 day... The coord is a bit short to charge it, but using all Motorola products, the power supply fits the same, so I just use one of those. The phones great and VERY large. I feel like I'm holding a brick sometimes, I guess just taking some time to get use to it.

this phone is amazing....the screen is amazing,,5.08 inches,,,,,it came in a nice box with two batteries etc..,,,it is very nice,,,,,the seller send it to me 28 days before,,,that was great!!!.....its a very nice phone for the price...you goint to love it.....I really recomend it....

Received the n8000 instead of the n9000 and i'm glad i did because the 3.5 headphone port works. Wifi is very weak, only works about one room away, and camera is completely garbage but that's ok for me at least, since i use neither. Activated with Ptel in California. I just inserted  the SIM and everyone works (Voice/Text/MMS/2g). Overall great phone if you don't mind a few downsides.

Charge for 8 hours and only got 70% battery life.There are annoying Chinese words when using the web to browse.

By far the worst product I ever bought on Amazon.  They gave me a ridiculously long delivery time, just barely made it and delivered a piece of crap.  They even had the nerve to leave it labeled as a Samsung Note 2.  The phone came with two batteries and only one worked.  Anytime I used the phone it crashed the OS  The screen broke from pushing on it on the second day.  I will never purchase another item from Wieze again.  I'm not sure I will even buy anything from Amazon again.  I am even too embarrassed to return it.

Bought it NEW from BBQBuy ships from hong kong! It's sad to say but I will NEVER buy from them angain their products are defects...Shipping was ok,but phone did not work properly; when I was on a call the screen would go completely dark even after removing it from my ear as a result of that I was unable hang call up or switch to another call, charging port was loose so in order to charge i had to hold it in a certain position, navigation did not work at all..it kept searching for a signal forever... no matter where i was in the city. However, I do like Androids so to the phones defense I believe I just received a bad one and this particular seller was not good at all. There was also missing items from package!I had to send it back and have not received my refund nor did amazon fulfill my a-z claim.

The only issue is that its very had to put the SIM card on the slots. I had a micro-SIM and used  a SIM adapter to put it in. The Micro-SIM adapter broke just trying to put the SIM card it. Needs works.Also, this device don't get 3G on the TMobile network. Its alway on the edge network regardless of location within Seattle area.

It's a piece of crap, the camera is HORRIBLE,it doesn't hold hardly any space..It really isn't worth what you get forreal!

I love it go for it wowo got service from t-mobile I got it in my hand camera greatcolor the size like samsung4g you will as happy as me am glad I bough it hope that will help you

I BOUGHT 2 OF THESE THEY DIDNT LAST 3 MONTH 1 DONT WORK AND THE OTHER 1 YOU CANT HEAR THE PEOPLE TALKING BAD BAD PHONE

Does any one have any suggestions for getting this phone to connect to 3g mobile network once the phone is activated through straight talk. have tried customer service several times and read through the comments. I would rate this phone with 5 stars once i get that taken care of. Other wise its hard to rate accurately.

Its a average buy , the internet is a bit slow, the camera its ok just like any another phone camera. I just kinda upset that they forget to put a stylus pen be in mind that this phone needs a special headpone if yours breake.

Many glitches with texting, screen sensitivity, and storage of contacts. Price was 206 incl tax in Jan 2013, now its 129. Go figure.

I ordered this phone because it said it would work w straight talk and it dosent!  other then that i loved the phone

This phone was good at first but then it started messing up real bad the screen start blinking out and wouldn't come back on so I sent it back please don't get these knock off phones they are a knock off

the phone is overall made well and sturdy and nice etc. however when trying to set it up with straight talk its a pain in the rear. service is pretty awful where before when I had a cheap walmart phone I always had service needless to say I will probably be gettinga  different phone

Not a very good phone, it has a lot of mechanical problems and in the screen auto rotate messes up. when you tap certain things they don't come up, the phone shuts off by its self, downloaded pictures from a text msg and they were not in the downloaded gallery they were no where to be found until a day later. Using this phone with straight talk AT&T sim card, the service is not very good at all compared to other phones that I have used with this sim card. It does not pick up 3G or 4G from what I can tell (this could be my location) in Virginia. The camera is not very good either, but i knew this before I bought it from other reviews. I'm going to attempt to send it back.

went into this knowing these phones were a mixed bag. Some hit and some miss. When i got the phone in two weeks i was very pleased, especially since i expected it to take 3 weeks. Of course, the screen is a lower quality than a high end but it  was very reaponsive. However what i was not prepared for was the phone only worked for two days. The only reason i'm giving this a two star is because the seller has been great so far... i wont get my reund for awhile though.

I got the phone 2 days ago. shipping was on time it was packed neatly. The problem im experiencing is that the battery dies so quickly although 2 batteries was sent to me but within the end of the day I have used both batteries and I don't use it that much. Also im experiencing that from the people I call that my voice sounds far off. It sounds like the phone speaker is busted. Can anyone tell me good news about returning this phone and getting another one,
