
I bought this phone for my daughter and son. They love it. Its better than my LG 800G phone. Its like an affordable iPhone. It has everything an iPhone for has.

I bought one for my daughter, and she loved it.  It was perfect for her age group (early-mid teens), and it was very customizable.  The added WiFi option does provide the subpar mobile internet, but it is good for quick searches.  Otherwise, this phone is worth the money!  I bought a nice gel case at a low cost.  It has those extra side features that make the user experiance even better.  I totally recommend this phone if you're looking for something great but not too expensive.

Purchase this product two weeks ago...it is a great phone for what it does and how it is built.  Easy to set up, touch pad is super fast. Like the size which easily fits into my pocket. I like LG products because they are very reliable, built well and user friendly.  My one concern is that I haven't quite figured out the security setting so others cannot  use the phone...any suggestions would be helpful. I'm wanting to lock the key board after my use without having to turn it off and on.  I can lock it ok but it go to unlocked as soon as you make a call.  Again, I need some advisement on this matter.

This phone is officially nothing special. It doesn't run Android or iOS, or any other operating system you've heard of. This means, if you want apps or games, they have to be java apps, and you'll be quite limited on what you can find.It has bluetooth, and wifi, and a camera that isn't as bad as I expected. The screen is generally responsive, though moving through screens and menus is a bit choppy. It doesn't have multi-touch, and it doesn't have a tilt sensor. All the phone stuff works great. Call clarity is good, the speaker is loud enough, and the antenna is fine. You *can* do youtube on it, but only via wifi, and videos are the size of a postage stamp. The web browser is ok, nothing special, but it forces you to fill in text bars (except entering a url) using a numerical keypad, despite the fact that the phone is perfectly able to display and use a qwerty keyboard. This is dumb.The battery, by the way, is great. It'll last four or five days with moderate use.So, if you want a cheap smart(ish) phone, that works well as a phone, this will do. If you want to do much more, though, look on to android or ios phones.

I bought this phone as a replacement while my other phone is being fixed. For the cheap price tag on this phone, I didn't think it would be that great. I was surprised.The design of the phone looks nice, it runs very smooth and fast and the touch screen is very responsive. It gives it the look and feel of a legitimate smartphone.This phone is good for someone who needs it for mainly calling/texting(if you have an unlimited plan). However this phone runs on java apps and doesn't support any apk apps. So do not buy this phone thinking you can run apps like Instagram. You simply can't.The wifi is very simple to connect and works flawlessly. I can't speak much on it because I use it for Facebook only and  it works just like it should without problem.If you really want this phone, I'd recommend to buy a soft shell case to go along with it; not just for the overall look of the phone, it also makes it appear bigger.Overall, this phone is good for someone who wants simple. But if you're looking for something a little complex to download better apps, this isn't for you. As I said, this is a java phone and not apk running apps. Then again, it doesn't say Android in the description, but just want to reassure you, it isn't. This phone is worth the price though.

Best phone I ever had. Best price too. This is a smart phone without the $50.00 a month plan.Try it.

I wanted a touch phone and this one seemed to have everything I needed.  What I really like about the phone is the touch screen because it makes the items and messages on the phone bigger and easier to see.  I also like the fact that it is so much easier to text someone (especially my granddaughters) because you get the keyboard for your text messages.  The only thing I don't really like, is the fact that it is so easy to touch the wrong thing by accident, but I'm getting better all the time.

The phone is a great piece of electronics and would recommend it to others who are seeking with kind of item performs greatly on net10 service only.

My fiance has been needing a phone for a long while. I bought him this one and he really liked it. It was and remained in great shape despite him being a little rough on his phones. The battery life was good, and he liked the features on it. He played on it all the time, until he lost it about a week ago. Now I have to buy another one. He still wants this one though, so he must have really liked it. We never had any problems out of it, so it's a great phone by my standards!

I had bought same phone in white for myself- only difference it was tracfone.  I liked it so much I bought one for boyfriend through Net 10. His phone didn't even last a month before the screen went totally blank. Was unable to reset.  Sent back and got refund.

Not as refined as a smart phone but fun to use coming from basic flip phones. Camera takes decent pictures and is pretty easy to use. Was stoked to find it on amazon for almost half of what it would've cost in a store. Also, if you enjoy tweaking apps downloading and customizing java apps is fun.

I really like the new phone. Don't love the service you get when trying to port your old number.  I went from a Tracfone flip phone to this.  I do like this much better.

Needed to update my old Net10 phone so I purchased the LG840G hoping that I could even use it, since I am so behind in the times. It only took one trip to Net10.com to transfer all my minutes and time from my old phone to the new one. Love it!

I would really prefer to make it work and keep it.But for some reason, Net10 was unable to transfer my old phone number from my old phone to this phone.And then when I went back to try to get it, they could not even change the phone's number to my area code.I have called them five times, but the phone number has never changed the way that it is supposed to.They don't seem to have the technical knowledge to handle difficult situations like this, and they have not answered an email when I tried to contact them that way.Too bad, because the phone would be pretty cool if they knew how use it.This is a new update from June 10, 2013:I was thinking about buying a different phone or a new one of the same model (hoping it would work) when I realized that Net10 wasn't even offering this model for my zip code from their website.  I also saw in my account online that my phone was actually waiting for a new phone number but had not received it (It was supposed to take no more than 4 hours but had not happened after several weeks).  This motivated me to try customer service one more time.  I passed through all of the call center options to get a technical support person and explained my problem.  He was unable to help but realized that I needed a different department.  The second department answered with a surprisingly good customer rep.  She realized almost immediately that I had the wrong SIM card all along and sent me a new SIM card.  I got the SIM card in the mail and installed it today with the help of a mediocre customer rep.  The phone now seems to work perfectly.Take home points: 1) This Amazon site may very likely send you a phone with a SIM card that doesn't work (not sure if it was a malfunction or improper card).  2) You may talk to customer service many times without anyone suggesting or recognizing that the problem is the SIM card.But I'm glad I have the phone.  It is pretty good.

I really like this phone.  It is just what I wanted - not a smart phone, but one with the features that I wanted without the expensive data plans.  Net10 works well for me.

Great Phone, I highly recommend. A first model one I had seemed to have an issue with the Hibernate button, but no more. Easily transfered all my contacts to the phone via bluetooth and was able to buy a decent case for it as well. This is NOT an android phone, however, it's the next vest thing. You can also use the wifi option to keep from eating your minutes. A lot of places these days have Free Wifi too. The battery life os also good as well. I do recomend the case though as the phone would be slippery as Most phones are, without the case.

I have one problem with the phone and it's major. The screen turns off  before I can type in numbers ,  this happens constant when your going through menus, that require numbers. I called to get the screen to stay on and they say it is a sensor that tells the phone to turn off the screen, to save battery life. I really just need it to stop for I can punch in the numbers for an automated service

It will take some getting used to using the touch screen to type text messages.  I am used to keys and you can't use your nails to type on this phone.  This phone is much slimer to carry in my pocket.

This is a good phone for anyone who wants a smartphone, but does not want to pay so much money for one. This phone includes 3G wireless internet (minutes to not have to be used to go on browser) and many other features including a camera/ video camera. My only problem is that the texting buttons are a little small, other than that this is the perfect phone for anybody that wants a modern, cheap, and reliable smartphone.

My girlfriend had ordered this phone for me as a belated birthday gift. I received the phone earlier than expected. The product was brand new in the case and I had no issues setting it up. It took me awhile to get used to the touch screen (never had using one before) but now its a breeze! I would and have suggested this phone to anyone who desires a nice phone without the headache of a contract. Most phones these days cost into the hundreds... This amazing phone was less than 40. I already have friends ordering the same model, it's that nice of a product!

I had an old Net 10 flip phone that was about worn out.  I rarely used the phone; just mainly kept it for emergencies.  I just upgraded to this LG 840G and it is great.  It took me over an hour on the phone with Net 10 to get the phone set up and number transfered.  First I tried to do this online at the Net 10 site, but they don't want to transfer all the minutes over to the new phone ...only 1100.  I had alot more minutes and I wanted them all because I had paid for them as Easy Minutes over the past few years.  They told me I would have to accept about 1,000 less minutes than I had on my old phone.  I talked to a supervisor with no luck.  So I gave up when they transfered me to a manager....only I was just put on hold again to wait and wait.  I hung up and WROTE to their customer service online.  Within the hour,  the 1,000 minutes were added to my new phone.  So, don't give up the fight if they try to take away some of your minutes.The phone is great...touch screen, good camera, easy texting, simply set up, and looks good.  Although this is not a &#34;smart&#34; phone, it is plenty smart enough for me.

The phone is slim and pretty user friendly.  I was a bit dissapointed that getting to the browser was so expensive in terms of minutes usuage.  Guess I'm not that familiar with the whole web thing.

It may have been my service or the phone but I could never really get my email and it was so slow. But as a phone it was ok it is just not an Iphone.  So don't waste your money

i been using this phone for a couple a days now. i like because it has expandable memory and big screen and wifi. it dont do android apps or iphone apps because it is not really a smartphone. i like it just fine for watching videos while using the wifi connection and the internet is better than using my old flip phone. i used to have an android phone and i didnt care for all the apps but i lke the touch screen technology. this phone is purrfect for me cuz my monthly bill is only $25 for 1000 unit to use at either talking texting or data on web page. i only wish they made a flip phone with a 3.2" screen like this one but i guess i hafta wait for that. net10 is for cheap people like me. you can get this phone at sears for $39.99 on sale now. that where i got mines. i dont think it worth more than that. it play mp3 too!! iso happy!!!!

This is my first touch screen phone so my review will be of limited value. I was totally satisfied with the fit, finish and performance of the LG 840G. I went with LG again because of the good luck I had with my LG 600G and Net 10 service.When I first got the phone I had to delete and re-enter my email account information 3 times before it would receive emails (works great now). This phone has more features than I will ever use but they are there if I need them. Not an android so no steep learning curve for this phone. Size is just right for me. LG 840G phone is top of the line for enhanced phones. Activated and transferred minutes and phone number on line and in just a few minutes it was up and running with no phone calls to Net 10 customer service. Good Job LG and Net 10.

It is a good phone!  It is a little difficult when trying to enter a number when your on a call. it goes to the screen saver very quickly.It can be a little hard to hear someone when talking on the phone.If your transferring minutes from another phone, make sure you do soon because after 90 days all minutes are lost.

This is an excellent upgrade from my old Net10 flip phone. Feels very solid, kind of big but not real heavy. The screen is not real sensitive so I never butt dial. Overall very easy to use. The only problem is it is a bit slippery, so if you're a butterfingers like me you might want a case. And a screen protector never hurts.The camera is decent--not real high quality, but it's great to have a functional camera in my pocket.It comes with a 2 GB micro SD card, which for me is plenty. You can transfer pictures/video from the phone (the memory card) to a computer with a micro-B USB cord (it's the same kind used for a Kindle Fire).The battery life is quite good. I only use it lightly but I only have to charge it about once a week.I would recommend this to anyone who wants a simple, easy to use phone that isn't quite as old-school as a flip phone.

Works great. Easy to setup and use. Highly recommended. Very economical to use with $.10 a minute to talk and $.05 per text.

great net 10 phone works better than all other carriers, besides tracfone who ownes net 10. I would highly recommend this product if you want a great phone (touch) at a great price with great service

Absolutely fabulous prepaid phone.  Looks similar to a smart phone and does everything I need it to do.  I'm impressed with the camera.  Photos are very nice and clear.  It also has amazingly fast processing.  Would highly recommend to anyone who wants some of the smart phone features,  but doesn't really need a smart phone.

Nice improvement over the LG840.  The changes are mostly looks, but the wifi is nice, if you can stand trying to surf the web on the phone.

This is a great little prepaid touch screen phone. You can't beat the price. Its real easy to setup and get started. The pictures are great and you can hear people real clear when you are talking. This makes a great prepaid investment.

When I opened the box I turned it on and you don't have to charge it but the battery only lasted 5hours and then I had to charge it. The battery did not last that long but the phone is better than I thougt. You must buy this phone if you want to have a good phone but for a cheap price.BUY THIS PHONE NOW!!!!!!!

I read the term "smartish phone" applied to the LG840G somewhere and liked it. If the iPhone 5 is genius, this thing has an IQ of about 85. Nonetheless it gets five stars from me, simply because you can't beat it for the price. For $35.00 on Amazon and no contract, I got a phone that does 90% of what I would use an iPhone for. The other 10% I can do better with my iPad anyway.The phone arrived a day earlier than originally expected (I ordered it on the weekend). I called Net10 to transfer my old Net10 number. Contrary to some other reviews the transfer was as next to painless as such things could be. The service rep was courteous and his English (though heavily accented) was clear. Within 15 minutes I was up and running.This phone looks like a smartphone, but is only smartish. You can't get apps (other than some games and a few java apps), so it's pretty much what you see. But that's not bad. There's a basic 2 MP camera and music player (you need to get a separate USB cable to connect to computer) a notepad, and a few other basic apps. For me, all I need.My old flip-phone only cost me $4.00 less, but was SO much less useful. I'm actually glad my wife dropped it in the water. Thank you, Honey.-------- Update ---------Having used the phone for a while now I've been able to find a few of its idiosyncrasies. The User Interface is practical but not fancy. The touch screen is a bit jerky and it's easy to open an app by mistake when trying to swipe to the next screen. The browser is very very basic. Don't expect to do any iPhone type surfing on it. Messages with downloads don't give you the info of who sent it so you use data time to download who-knows-what (today it was a "good luck angel" from a number i've never seen). By default the Notebook App brings up a number pad instead of the QWERTY keyboard, but this is easily fixable. Up in the right hand corner of the new note is a square with lines in it. Tap it and it gives you an "input" option. Select "keyboard" and type away. Unfortunately there is no way to save that setting. You have to do it each note.The same thing is available in other apps that take text. The most frustrating is the Contacts app. Each field brings up the same issue. You either have to type the first and last name with the phone numeric keyboard or set the input option to keyboard each time.When I tried to upload music to the phone with a USB cable, my MacBook (Running OSX Lion) wouldn't see it.  I removed the Micro SD card and used a card reader. That worked just fine, though it's a little more trouble. Sound is OK but not great with headphones (my iPod shuffle sounds slightly better in the bass range).With all that being said, I'm still very happy with this phone. It does all I need for very little money. I recommend it for the great number of callers who want more than a basic flip phone, but for whom an iPhone would be expensive overkill.

After receiving this cell  (on time, well packaged), I could not get it to work and had to contact Net10 for a new SIM card. It arrived within a couple of days but the phone still does not work. I will again contact Net10 and see what can be done at this point. Unfortunately, I tossed the original packaging and therefore may be stuck with an inoperable cell. We'll see......

Love the phone and the ease of use.  It is easy to set up and has many features of more expensive touch phones.  My only complaint is that it will not sync up with my Sync system in my Ford car.  My husband has the same phone and his won't either.  Both phones do sync with the Santa Fe system by Hundai though so it seems to be an incompatibility issue

I tried to activate this phone with tracphone who I used for my old phone and they told me that was not one of their phones so I have a lot of minutes on my old phone that I need to use or I will lose them and at the same time I am paying net 10 for minutes.

Loved the phone, works very nice and was what I needed at the time. Was not impressed with Phone server though.  So now just sitting on my desk.  Got the phone in two days. Was Great!  Thank you.

The phone is really small, which isn't bad, but that means the keyboard is small too. People with fat fingers like I am are in trouble. It might just be me, but I was disappointed with the phone. Not what I was expecting. I'm seriously thinking about selling it and downgrading back to my old net10 phone.

I even downloaded the opera browser and its so slow and clunky.  The phone works finefor a phone and the texting is fine.  Don't expect to do the net, just too slow. Slower thatdial up for that matter.

Buying my second phone of the same model! Easy to use and pretty straight forward. I am not a technical/gadget type of gal but I love this phone.

since the day i got my phone i started haveing problems,after activation all i saw most days was no home service,it would pop on home service briefly three or four times a day.its still doing that even to this day,even the area code for the phone number you gave me is different from my area code,that may not matter but bottem line is i dont get my moneys worth from my monthly plan because of so much down time.id trade this one in for a better phone and pay the difference anyday.

Chose this phone after thorough research. Glad I did.Pros:-Form factor-Responsive touch screen-Superior battery life-Un-bloated OS-Doesn't require unlimited plan-3G worksCons:-Onscreen qwerty is not default-Had to load apps onto micro-sd manually from PC-Sound quality is better on BT deviceOther thoughts:-This phone is the best choice if you want to avoid unlimited plan charges on a touchscreen with apps.

When I attempted to move my phone number from my older Net10 phone, a message came up- SIM card rejected. When I called customer service, they said they would need to send me a new SIM card, which would take 3-5 business days- meanwhile, I do not have a cell phone to use, since my number was transferred to the new SIM card. If I had known this before, I would have stuck with my old phone.

It is very solidly made and works perfectly. I was able to download a lot of free software and ringtones . Best of all they do not make viruses for java!!!

Bought my wife one a couple weeks ago and liked it so well I bought myself one.I've been using NET10 for years. This phone works off 3G. For two senior citizens, it does all we requie.Only down side is the touch screen. Being seniors it's been an ajustment for us to learn to touch softly.If you want a phone that makes calls, has a good calender to keep your appointments. This is it.It is not an internet surfing machine. It's not a smart phone.

5.0 out of 5 stars LG840G, March 23, 2013By DALDRIDGE - See all my reviewsThis review is from: 5x LG 840G LG840G for Tracfone Premium Clear LCD Screen Protector Kit, Exact fit, no cutting. (5 pieces by GUARMOR) (Wireless Phone Accessory)The LG840G surpassed all my expectations, it was easy to use in all aspects, everything functioned as it should. I am so impressed with the LG840G(net10) phone, I'm going to buy another one & give it to my wife ! i use to have a LG800G, you can't compare the two THE LG840G is in a league of it's OWN ! PROS.. EASY TO OPERATE, TRUE TOUCH SCREEN, SPEAKERS(GREAT), & I HAVE NEVER HAD A DROPPED CALL,PS. MY PHONE HAS EVEN CONNECTED MY CALLS WITH NO BARS SHOWING, VERY EASY TO PROGRAM THE FUNCTIONS YOU WANT TO.. I RATE THIS PHONE 5 OUT OF 5......To many functions to list all....CONS!! ..THE OWNERS MANUAL..JUST A MERE BASIC MANUAL, IGIVE THE MANUAL A 2.5/3 RATING THAT BEING SAID IT NO PROBLEM TO PROGAM YOUR FUNCTIONS.... AMAZON- PROS.. VERY EASY 5 OUT OF 5...CONS? NONE!!

found it to be beyond my expectations very good iwould recommend this item to any one wanting quality with economy.

This is a pretty good non-smartphone, does everything quite well and worth the upgrade from an LG320 for the web access.  A problem encountered a few times when turning it on has been a &#34;non-registered SIM card&#34; message, with the capability to only dial 911.  So far it has been solved by turning it completely off, then turning on to start up again, after which time it works normally. Hopefully it doesn't develop into something more serious.

The phone itself is great. But the included new SIM card did not work. The phone said - SIM card rejected, even over 24 hours after I transferred my existing Net10 service to it. I had to call Net10 to get a free replacement SIM card. So it took me almost a whole week to have the transfer complete. During this time, I cannot use my old Net10 phone (the old SIM was deactivated) and missed unknown numbers of calls.Net10 is not like T-Mobile. T-Mobile allows you to use the old SIM card into the new phone, if the new phone uses the same type of SIM card. So the transfer is almost instant. For Net10, you have to call them or do it online and wait for 1-24 hours or even longer. So do not transfer your existing Net10 service to a new Net10 phone unless you are ready to lose service for the next few days or even a week.

It has a lot of features (more than I will ever use), and does what a cellphone is supposed to do; however, in order to set the contacts in alphabetical order by last name one must type the last name in the first name field. Only a few characters of the name show up, so sometimes the entire last name does not display, leaving one with no knowledge of the first name, which when listing several with the same last name leaves one playing chances that the right number is dialed. It's a good phone, but for this reason I would neither recommend it or purchase another one.

Was quite excited to find this phone with Net10 service at Amazon, (Amazing Amazon!), because, the Net10 750 minute card for $25.00, gives me the biggest bang for the buck, and web/data usage is just deducted from the minutes also. I wanted as &#34;smart&#34; a phone as I could get without being required to pay $40.00 or more per month for service, and the LG 840G fits the bill beautifully! I must admit that I don't tend to use the web on my phone all that much, but the screen is an acceptable size if I need to do so. The camera is great and I've sent photos to friends. ( I'm not a kid, and switched from a flip phone, to see if I could adjust to the touch screen, and it was so easy with this phone!) Texting is a &#34;piece of cake&#34;, with the virtual qwerty keyboard. The service is key, though. Tracfone is great, (same family as Net10), as this phone, as a tracfone, has triple minutes for life, but if you require 500 or more minutes per month, this phone, wit Net10 service is the way to go. I like using a stylus with it, and Amazon has some great choices, (including some that connect to the phone so it is always handy), but the touch screen responds just as well to your fingertips. The LG840G may not be a smartphone, per se, but it is certainly smart enough for me, and, probably for many more people out there, who just wanna be a bit more updated and feel more connected to what everyone else is doing.

I bought this phone after reading the reviews and LOVE this phone.-Great price-Great performance-Does all I need for a phone... (my tablet does the rest!)-Wi-fi is super fast (email, news, facebook work great) I dont use internet with net10 minutes, only wi-fi!!!-Easy texting-For under 35 bucks .....unbelievable!!!!! NET10 IS FANTASTIC.....I would definetly get a case because phone is smaller than most and a little slippery without case.THIS IS A NO BRAINER........BUY IT!!

Apparently the phone was never cleared from the  previous owner and I spent 2 weeks and HOURS on the phone with Net10 trying to activate it.  I lost $25 in time/minutes and finally said forget it and returned it.  We purchased a different model from the dollar store and were able to activate it with no problem.  We never did manage to get our $25 transferred to the new phone.

Works well and certainly can't beat the price.  Full featured and certainly adds to the experience of inexpensive phones.  Made it an &#34;Almost Smart Phone&#34;

It was much better than I expected.  This was one of the best deals I've ever made.  Mahalo Nui loa!!!

great phone and cheap

Works great.  My granddaughter loves it.  Download music, apps, etc on line.  Cheap phone minutes.  10 cents a minute and 5 cent texts.
