
I bought this device to my cousin and she loves it so much. High performance and quality. Thnak you so much. I recommend it

The item came on time as the seller described on ads. It came with new box and with Arabian manual in it.  I use it for more than months. Here are my CON comments: (1) the phone is much is smaller than I expected, may good fit for a small hand. (2) the battery life is bit short than I expected ( I think most of the smartphone have the same problems)and you need to charge everyday even you don't use it much. (3) freezing itself sometime and you need to check it to restart. (4) picture&#8217;s  resolution just OKPRO comments: (1) have many apps (2) light (3) price under $300 for a smartphone (4) fit for T-mobile sim card (5) quick to get 3G wifi anywhere

Great product came on time .This would be a great gift. At the beginning I had problems with the screen because it was to sensitive to touch but when I got the hang of it, it was great.

Good day I HAVE A QUESTION FOR THE PURCHASE OF THE TLF BUT BY A CARD TO PAY FOR THE SHIPMENT AS I HAVE BY ANOTHER CARD AS YOU WOULD BE ABLE TO PURCHASE THIS WAY.. EXPLAIN STEPS THANKS

Excellent screen, high performance, very well-made (the screen is so hard it won't scratch easily!), and good looking. Well worth the money!

Excellent Product Samsung Galaxy S3 GT-i8190 Mini Blue 8GB factory Unlocked 3G 900/1900/2100. It really is pometido by the seller.

Very good cel phone, This phone is easy to use and the display is large, the configuration is excelent. I recommend this cel phone.

just activated phone, working great but no NFC capability as advertised!  I would return it but need the phone now.

its the best purchase that i've ever done. It smoller than the complete galaxy and easy to use. its beautiful thanks!!!!

I tried this phone recently (02/13) and found hardware wise it was quite good. Worked very well on at&t gophone net with existing sim card. Screen looked fine to me graphically, but internet type was too small to read by default, and I could not increase it without chopping up pages. BT/wifi worked just fine in USA (phone came from Poland). Phone is a nice size if you don't have big hands as I really don't want to have to use 2 hands to hold a phone securely, let alone use it. The problem was android is still messy OS (4.2.1) IMHO, after all these years. I had no control over home screen icons (Samsung or Android issue ? not sure or maybe both) and ended up with several blank, orphaned screens that would not delete.  I really don't want to spend hours hunting for 3rd party apps that actually make a phone useable for basic needs. That should be covered out of the box. I later found an app that would have given me such user control but had already returned the unit. So if your into doing a lot of OS fiddling this is a great phone. Went back to 3GS becuase everything on need is on home screen, even though I abhor Itunes.  This was my second go at android, first was Galaxy SII, and the OS is still a mess. Gave phone 4 stars based on hardware.

My cellphone doesn't work. A few people tried to fix it.I wanna know if it still have warranty??Thanks!

I have had this phone during the last seven months, and it has worked perfectly. i can`t ask for more.  And now that is a 100 bucks cheaper it is without a doubt the best option.

anyone know if this phone works in Latin America, specifically Costa Rica?alguno sabe si este celular funciona en latinoamerica, espec&iacute;ficamente Costa Rica?

This is a wonderful and lightweight alternative to its bigger cousins. I used for sometime and I could not find anything wrong. Obviously if you play racing car games or Temple Run Brave, one can notice a little slowness, it is absolutely great for normal uses of navigation, running, as a music player, as a twitter client etc.The S3 Mini comes with a 4-inch Super AMOLED WVGA resolution display (800x480 pixels). It is called mini, but few years ago this probably is a mega. While less pixel factors than the 4.8-inch Galaxy S3, the Mini has 233  ppi where S3 has 305.96 ppi, the Mini's screen resolution is still well within range for a 4-inch screen. Memory can be increased easily and in a very cheap way with a microSD card. Card slot microSD, up to 32 GB.Highly recommend. I am looking for when S4 mini comes in!

the phone is amazing, just the right size, and excellent resolution of your screen.  It is a very good product and recommend it to everyone.

I actually purchased 4 samsung Galaxy s III Mimi's for our new family plan.  We all are learning/adapting to the change etc.  Everyone enjoys their phones.  The pics are great.  There is an easy setting that some of us have found very helpful. Everything We hoped they would be.  Be aware that when it says International the plugs will not work with American electrical outlets.  We had other samsung phones so we just use those, otherwise you would need to purchase them.

I bought it because my boyfriend has it and it seems a great phone, but  this team to get me is white and the ad says it's blue, not working 3g network and HSDPA nor movilnet nor movistar. only works with EDGE signal which is a very slow signal, both as movilnet movistar.The wine defective battery had to buy a new one because the two weeks of use not charge again.The assembly is defective, the power button is bad, it is very hard work and use it both to lock, turn on the phone or use features that require you to capture an image of the screen to turn on the phone.

Buen Vendedor aunque el Producto no ha llegado a mis manos por que estoy en otro pais para verificarlo.!!

The battery never worked. :(I have bought three different items trying to make the phone work. :(Really Disappointed!

Never seen a &#34;mini&#34; phone like this.  It wouldn't even turn on. felt shady.  not suggested.  don't buy it! done

Computer software is corrupted. When I turn on the smartphone shows the samsung brand but does not start. I need the codes to restore your computer.

I love my new phone! It's comfortable and it have a lot of functions which do the job that I hoped from it. I'm very happy with this purchase.

The phone is great and comes at a great price.Its pretty much the same as S III, just in a smaller form factor :)I love the look and feel of the phone.Touch response is excellent.Battery life is decentConnects automatically to 4G (not LTE) on T-mobile.Camera is good and the phone is light weight, so its easy to handle.Not to good -There is no dedicated camera button (for those of us who are used to clicking pics with the button on top in landscape mode)

I am not much into the gadget market I just needed a phone and this one does it all.I Use ATT with no data plan. The data is turned off in phone settings.There is many ring tones and alarm tones as well as custom ones you can use or make.Battery life is great playing 2D game and listen to music for 8 hours while at work NP.If a US customer you will need to use a USB wall and car charger as this comes with a EU plug no biggie I have USB outlets everywhere. it comes with a USB to micro USB adapter that will connect this phone to charge at any USB outlet.not into 3D gaming on a phone LOL

this phone could have better signal sensitivity.  we loose signal a lot with this one connected to T-mobile tower.  Also t-Moble could expand their tower assets if you ask me.

This is my first intelligent phone, and I really don't know about intelligent pones but I must said that, to me is an excellent phone, it Works really good with movistar in Venezuela, I have almost a year using it.

Pros:*Sleek compact size*Highly customizable (especially after downloading certain apps)*Android OS (which does take a few days to get used to if you're unfamiliar)*Works very well with phone speed with Data (3G) and WiFi*Excellent call quality*No major bugs / glitches / technical difficultiesCons:*Can be somewhat glitchy sometimes (if you put a clock widget on your homescreen once In awhile it won't appear)*Not that customizable without downloading some apps for that purpose (very few home/lock screens, font styles, and call/text tones/notifications)*Sometimes the phone somewhat unlocks while in pocket (If you get a message/call it will sometimes unlock to the point where you end up dialing in the emergency dialer (which is typically a no harm/no foul situation) )*No way to easily silence the sound when you take a picture without silencing your phone entirely (there is a long process you can search)Overall:Overall it is a great phone and I would recommend it to anybody who wants to be in the smartphone generation but doesn't want/need all the &#34;bells and whistles&#34;. All of the rave I have heard about the Samsung Galaxy family of phones is completely warranted. The Pros highly outweigh the Cons (I mean every phone has some growing pains/faults right?). Out of the box the phone like most smartphones looks pretty vulnerable to drop damage so buying a case is highly highly recommended. It took me a few days to get used to the Android system but I find it user friendly once you learn what all of the menus (particularly in the settings) contain. So to conclude if you're not in the market for a phone with all of the bells/whistles and just need a stable phone for years then this is the one for you.

the phone came from Poland and did not have any english instructions. it took some time to get used to it, but now am quite happy with the phone. the chargers were european with adapters, one of which does not work. i bought a north am one here and it is fine.

Hello...I receive this phone in my country on February and I began to use it... today the phone presents a failure... the battery does not charge if it is all discharged, aditional the phone consume the battery too fast with 100% of charge (less than 2 hours) and  the phone is overheat... I'm worry because then phone is new and have this kind of problems... would you tell me what is probably happen?Best regards and sorry because my english is not so goodJesus

The product arrived on time, and I have been using it for three weeks now, I most say it's a great phone, is fast and responsive, it came with android 4.1.2 OS, and everythong has perform smothly. I think it's a great valUe for the money.

Met perfectly my expectations and maybe were exceeded.It's comes fully unlocked and works like a charm.After I set it up I realized that it was exactly what I needed.Recommended.

Exactly what i wanted.I have small  hands and the mini Galaxy fits perfect carry it every wear my soul mate

I did not take seriously several reviews I read about this seller and phone, the phone came ok, it worked for 2 days after which it stopped recognizing the SIM card.Nothing I did helped. I am in Honduras and sending it back would be very expensive, so it is a total loss...UPDATE 12/18 ---> I took the cell phone to an official Tigo (Cell Phone Company) repair place, this cell phone came with a damaged replacement motherboard and it will cost me $185 plus 12% tax to fix = $207.20 I paid $235 for the phone plus $25 to send it overseas, $260 and now it will cost me almost as much to fix it...I wonder if this seems fair to the seller Cellular Kingdome. Cellular Kingdome would like for me to advise how we can fix this? Simple: Send me a new cell phone for which I paid for. Simple and easy.

Im really pleased with the phone, it works just great, really confortable to use. So far I had no problems with it.

The phone has been presenting failures since arriving calls all the time hard reset and no more than one with the battery charge

I have enjoyed having this phone.It has worked in many countries. No real problems / issues with the phone.Camera is pretty decent as well.

I think that the Samsung Galaxy III Mini, it's a good product. It has resulted to be very friendly to use.

Is this phone unlocked? Well it is but there are steps to take if you use Straight Talk otherwise you can't access mobile data.Straight Talk use AT&T; and T-Mobile carriers and you get to pick which when you buy get your sim card. If you travel I strongly suggest you get an AT&T; sim for your phone as T-Mobile is more often found in large metros such as SF, NY, etc..To change your VPN settings for Straight Talk visit http://smartphonematters.com/help/help-setting-up-straight-talk-data-and-mms-on-the-blu-tank-4-5-running-android-4-1/ to create a Straight Talk mobile network and set the values.It's a great little phone (at least from my experience since it arrived a few days ago) and for the price who could complain given the OS, apps and HUGE internal memory. The latter is a big problem with other phones as the internal memory is where most apps reside and that memory fills rapidly.Buy one. I don't regret it.

THIS IS A GOOD RUNNING PHONE ANE IS QUICK TO BRING UP APPS THAT ARE ON IT.  ONLY DRAW BACK IS THE BATTERY - NEEDS TO BE CHARGED AFTER 1 (ONE) DAY.

Bought this phone unlocked. I have T-Mobile. I did not want a huge phone. This one is the perfect size. The screen and the colors is really awesome. I had no issues with this phone. I just put in my sim card and boom!!! Started right up. The phone is really fast with opening apps. You will be pleased with this phone.

the same software than Galaxi SIII, very fast, lightweight, excelente resolution image. get wiffi everywhere fast and simple. A lot of aplication free, easy to download

I'm from venezuela, and it work very good at movistar..3G...it's fast in game...the picture are amazing and the videos.Although I'm not familiar with what I touch ... but get used

En general es un buen tel&eacute;fono. No me sorprendi&oacute; la resoluci&oacute;n de la pantalla (se ven mucho los pixeles) y los &iacute;conos son muy b&aacute;sicos, creo que pueden mejorar much&iacute;simo el dise&ntilde;o de los mismos.De resto, buen rendimiento.

I liked this fully loaded mobile when I bought it. But after an year of use, I need to replace the battery. Battery back up is very bad for this device :( For all other feature I will give it 5.

This is exactly what was ordered and it's wonderful.  The color was right and it was good service.  Nice job.

Todo muy bien, el env&iacute;o tard&oacute; s&oacute;lo 2 d&iacute;as y fue gratis!. Excelente equipo! Lleg&oacute; en perfecto estado f&iacute;sico y funcionamiento.

very good price and performance. I bought two and I am very satisfied with this cellphone . Good performance and good size.

The phone is awesome! It's fast, light, and easy to use. If you buy it, you won't regret it for sure!

Love being up to date with my new phone.  4 of my family members have the samsung phones.  It came very fast from the distributor to the day they stated.  My only issue is the battery needing to be constantly charged and my nephew's screen shattering within a few weeks of ownership.  Love the Samsung brand and will continue to purchase them.

The phone is very good! I found its shape very nice, not so big as the normal version, and very easy to handle.The processor is also very fast and i dont feel any need of a better one.I suggest this smart phone for everyone that would like a nice cellphone for a fair price.

muy excelente.. lo recomiendo,, es muy entretenido y divertido. muy variado en aplicaciones y contiene una gran variedad de contenidos. excelente

Battery  life is horrible........I have to charge my phone everyday....this is not good.  Battery last just a couple of  hours, when I go back to work this will be a nuisance .

excellent phone, good accesories, great sign, and works perfectly in venezuela, the color is pretty, is samsung so is good :)

Everything arrived in box, perfect cell but the charger does not work, no good, very sad about it. I live in Venezuela, arrived here while so had not written before, but it is assumed that all should work perfectly.Todo lleg&oacute; en su caja, el celular perfecto, pero el cargador no funciona, no sirve, muy triste por eso. Vivo en Venezuela, mientras lleg&oacute; aqu&iacute; por eso no habia escrito antes, pero se supone que todo deber&iacute;a de funcionar a la perfecci&oacute;n.

Works good on straighttalk. So far so good...haven't had any issues. Seems to be a good phone. I'm actually buying a second one for my other child

This phone is used on T-mobile prepaid service for voice/SMS and wifi at home/work. The display is really crisp and bright, and the Android Jelly Bean is much more stable than my previous Gingerbread Samsung Galaxy Exhibit 4G. The video camera has 1280 x 720 resolution and has very good audio used while driving as a traffic monitor camera.  The FM radio app was included which was a nice feature on this phone.  The documentation for this phone was written for the middle east and African regions it appears. The vendor Wireless Everything had it shipped in 3 days.

This phone is very fast in prcess.It easy to carry.The bad thing is the application can't move to SD card.

what is shown in the ad buying that's what you get. I like this phone. It's according to my needs

Great phone. Is factory unlocked and comes selled. The only thing i didnt like is it didnt come with a microsd. And the charger is usa version, so for people in latin america (like me) it needs an adapter. The rest is great. Arrived in time. I recomend this seller.

Received international version of phone which was not disclosed in the item description.  No quick start guide was included in package.

I wanted a mini so it fits nicely in my pocket. It is a great phone.Con:I got the international version which means the 1 year warranty is not valid in the USA. But it was my choice and I am perfectly fine with it!

I bought this phone for my wife.  Its size is comparable with the iPhone 4s I have, and they are both in a similar level.  I have to make it clear that I am not an iPhone fan, but a fan of phone's capabilities.  So, in that sense, both are quite capable tools.  The iPhone is easier to use for some items, but the Samsung also has some advantages, so in the final tally they are both good products.My wife does not have any complaint about this phone, as its picture quality, sound, response, internet navigation, and overall quality are great.I would recommend this one as an option to iPhone 4s, for those who want to try something different from apple, but not as pricey as the iPhone.

I love it.The only thing I don't like,is the fact, that the battery is not holding its promises.I see myself in airports working with my samsung and always looking for a power socket.So battery charge does not left for long.....

Automatically upgrade the android to the last version on the market , now the phone is slow an annoying, when you are downloading anything you have to wait for second to run an app or open anything, my old motorola atrix is way faster than this. Please find another option to buy.

I bought this phone for my wife because it had pretty good reviews, it worked fine for about a week then the battery stopped taking a charge and the phone displayed a weird message with the droid mascot. I figured it was just a bad battery so I purchased a new one, the same thing keeps happening. At least 3 times a week the phone randomly stops keeping a charge, shuts off, and I have to swap the battery out. I had to buy an external battery charger to keep her phone charged. The phone is obviously defective but my wife tossed the packaging because she foolishly assumed the phone would work for more than a week. This is the first time I have purchased a phone online and I definitely regret it.

I love this phone! Everything about it is as it says it is. The users of the &#34;Bigger&#34; S3 will criticize it because they don't have one. This phone is easy to hold, carry, and use. Remember that no cases or protectors will be available locally because it's not in the U.S. yet.My instructions came in French but don't let that scare you because Samsungs web site offer a users manual in any language that can be down loaded (handy) and let's you learn your phone 100%. Packaging is nice and complete including a USB charger and a Wall charger adapter. If you buy it you won't be sorry.

The phone came in French.  It was pretty obvious how to change language from pictures and cognates.  It works fine with a t-mobile sim card in the SF Bay area (northern California, USA).

My phone wouldnt work with my AT&T SIM card, I even went so far as trying to get a new SIM but that didn't work. I'm thoroughly disappointed

The phone exceeded my expectations. Its camera is amazing, the software runs prefectly not to mention tha it's about the same size as an iphone, but at a way lower price

Buen tel&eacute;fono. Para los que nos gustan los smart. Buena pantalla, procesador bueno lo recomiendo (ser&iacute;a el primer paso para el S3)

this phone is working excellent the few months I have been using it. It takes good pictures considering. my only problem, I can't FIND A MANUAL IN ENGLISH

I switched from the HTC Incredible 2 which I've loved because Verizon wouldn't unlock it for me and nobody seemed to be able to do that. It's comparable to the Incredible 2 but not quite as fast. For the price it's still a good phone. I love the size and the ease of navigation. It's much faster than the low end phones I've used in the past. It has all of the features I can imagine in a phone which is good.I've had issues with the battery draining very quickly but have since replaced it and that seems to be fixed. I can't see the screen when I'm in the sun which bothers me, but I think that's because I have the Power Saver settings on all the time to conserve battery power. I also hate how long it takes to dial somebody.Overall it has been a good purchase but it's definintely not a high end phone, but at the same time not a cheap phone.

I wanted a phone to replace my Blackberry Torch, which was unlocked and able to receive any GSM Sim card. I based my purchase on the Amazon reviews of this phone. I too have jumped on the 5 star bandwagon. My phone came with French setup, but the seller was kind enough to include typed instructions on how to change the language, and setup for ATT carrier, which I have at the moment. That worked out. People comment positively on my phone, because it's not the clunky regular Galaxy version, and the color is neither white nor black. I love to be different!  The phone is thin and light enough to fit anywhere. It's convenient touch screen has beautiful colors. The features are simple enough to figure out without use of the international language manual, which is useless for an English-only speaker. ATT advised that the phone based on its IMEI number is actually a LTE 4G phone, which is the new technology the USA is transitioning to.Awesome!

me encanta mi telefono le queria preguntar si el telefono trae memoria el mio no la trajo yo se que tiene memoria interna .

I confess that I bought a little scared because I did not know what I would get.read every comment I decided to risk the phone with the phone and the vendor.everything turned out great, I get to the destination smoothly and everything described. Works perfectly in Venezuela with Movistar line and movilnet.

I am learning more about my phone each day.  I really do like it and not to hard to learn how do the things that I want to do.  Not to difficult for a 70+ female.

Intern memory is It's only 4,54 gb free. Battery only 7 hrs 3G.  but the phone in really good. I love it

The rate and phone is good and pretty. Its compact and with high enough features to use. But the battery power is getting low often.That is the only drawback.Otherwise its nice

Excelente producto entregado en tiempo y fecha estimada mejor imposible gran calidad y a ese precio inigualable totalmente satisfecho y complacido

this phone is pirate in all its aspects, whether looking for a good phone do not buy this product. writes a buyer

i am extremely pleased with this phone. I didn't want one of the bigger phonesthat you couldn't fit in your pocket. no problems, does almost every thing myGalaxy 3 notebook does

When I received the phone, English was already set. The only thing I did was take my SIM card from my old phone and put it in the new one. Put the battery in and let it fully charge, turned the phone on, called a friend to test it out.

this phone provides all you need in a modern smart phone. It works great on my current network, and it came as described, unlocked so i didn't have any issues.

This product is very nice good relation phone-price, the sistem android  is amicable and very easy to manipulate, is comfortable and the color is only one

Very usefull and excellent device. I'm so happy with my cell phone is fast, good resolution on the camera highly recommended

This is a great phone (my first smart phone) and the service was just as promised. I couldn't be more pleased.The only suggestion I would make is that it might help if the advert for the product made it clear that this model is not widely distributed in USA. That doesn't matter much for me, as I bought an unlocked phone specifically to take overseas, but if someone was hoping to use it in the US, they might for example be surprised to find that Best Buy and Radio Shack do not stock cases for this model. But again, if you are buying it online you know that you can buy those accessories online too, so it's not a big problem.

I've had this phone in hand for more than a week, with T-Mobile service for about a day now. It's fine so far.The phone is a lovely, sleek thing. I've handled its bigger brother, the Galaxy SIII, but that phone is just too big for me. I like the form and size of this one much better. I've been using an HTC Evo 4G phone for more than two years; this Galaxy S3 Mini is about the same size.This is a good phone with plenty of computing horsepower for me. The screen is beautiful and very responsive. In side-by-side comparison to my trusty old HTC Evo phone, this one blows the other one away. And the Galaxy S3 Mini has a slightly smaller screen! I'd wondered if I'd regret it for that reason but I absolutely do not. I don't even realize that the screen is smaller than my old phone, when I'm using this phone.One downside: I don't like the camera. It's laggy.By the way, my phone arrived with packaging in French, and set up with the French language on the phone. The seller included a plug adapter so the Euro style plug on the charger can be used here in the USA. It took a few seconds to get into the phone settings and choose US English as the phone language.PLEASE, people, don't complain if you get a "foreign" phone when you buy this phone unlocked. Because Samsung doesn't package this phone for sale for the US market. (Search for an article on Cnet called "Apple drops patent claim against Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini" from December 2012 for the background.) I found a user manual in English by going to Samsung's UK website (it won't be on Samsung's US website because Samsung doesn't sell or support this phone in the US). If you must have an unlocked phone tailored for US users right out of the box? Try buying an unlocked iPhone direct from Apple, or a Nexus 4 phone from Google (if the Nexus 4 is back in stock).

Really nice phone loaded with many features and available apps, downloaded my GMail contacts automatically, WI FI found and connected to my Wireless Modem trouble freee, I loaded a Walmart Family setup pack with their sim card and it connected to the server with no problems.

This is the exact S3 but smaller. My BF has the S3 so I can tell you we've compared and they are THE SAME as far as performance. Just perfect!

i like all its fuctions, it is a nice option to a call, text  another and the camera has a good resolution

I really love this phone. I use it with movilnet in Venezuela and it works fast and perfect in 3G. I highly recommend it!

wall charger came European. I had to pay $ 10 for an American wall charger. It is not fair at all.

It's a nice phone. For its present price is a good oportunity to purchase an ultimate generation phone. I recommend it!

Otimo aparelho com otimas funcionalidades, leve e de bom tamanho de tela. Falta bateria de maior capacidade  e  autonomia, precisa de recargas constantes.

I really liked it. I received a phone which satisfied all of my expectations. My only gripe with this is that I ordered a blue colored phone and got a white colored phone. Pretty different but I decided to keep it.8 months after and it still works. Woohoo

First of all, i'm a new samsung user. I just buy a tablet and smart tv, which work great! also my wife has a samsung smart telephone.i'm changin my old s3 iphone. the Mini SIII works great. the first thing that you got to do is to actualize the software, by discharging the Kies application ( in playstore ).  Then just begin fun .Despite the 2 cores processor,  you can see  Excellent image process, very easy menues, and very fast internet process. In short: I'm happy with the phone, so if you are undecided, do not think much, buy this phone, you will not regret

I  have 'nt  try It  yet. Need more time to tell You . It seems to work very good  but i dont kwow .

So good phone. The features of divice are excellent. This size and weight are comfortable. It's a good option to buy a cell phone.

I knew it wasn't a Galaxy S3, but nontheless is really fast. love the fact that it has android 4.1 and the camera. This Phone its European, the default lenguage is French but its easy to change to english. Also it has an European outlet but it comes to a US converter so no biggie.

the phone works fine, although i gave it 4/5 because a few days later a tiiiiiiiiny blue dot appeared in the screen and i don't know if it can be repaired. sometimes it bothers me, sometimes it doesn't. here in venezuela those services tends to be very expensive. but this doesn's affect the functionality in any way. it's a good phone overall.

I love this cel, all of it, shape, screen, and the android os is very easy to use, friendly, that is why i say...my best choice. So try to get it from this seller because it comes into the Samsung original sealed box and really unlocked...thumbs up!!!

The phone does not work, it does not turn on, it seems as a refurbish phone and is not what I ordered

I had a nokia lumia 900 that i did not like.. one day it broke. my fiance has the samsung galaxy s3, i wanted one.. found the mini and its perfect for me because how small it is..

I would probably be happier with the S4 but I wanted something to fit in my pocket and didn't want to spend hundreds of dollars.  Happy with it's features and capabilities.  I have owned 2 iPhones and I don't miss them. I use Google+ and have a Gmail email account so the Google integration is very convenient. Sometimes it's a little sluggish.

The fon did not include the 8g micro SD card that was suppose to come with the fon and also am unable to use the charger

It does what it supposed to do, i can use different sim cards & the cell was able to connect to the providers.

From the very day I received this phone, it has been losing charge very quickly. I have allowed it to die completely and recharge up to 100%. Within the following twelve hours or so it needs recharging. So I have to be charging this phone twice within a 24 hour period.

I had such high hopes for this phone. But i'm plagued with issues, first, in the past four weeks the battery has only charged up past 73% once, this is after a full 8 hours on the charger. Second the battery lasts about a day and a half on a good day,on a bad day about 6 hours. That's probably because it doesn't fully recharge. Third, I thought I was buying a 8 GB version, when looking at the stats in the phone, I have about 4GB of memory. That means the OS is taking up about 4 GB! Now connectivity, I've seen 3G about 4 days out of the last month, that could be my area or not close enough to a tower(within a mile). I'm not sure how this other issue happens, it's a GSM phone, when I go to a CDMA only area, the phone loses all service, refuses to be charged and doesn't shut off. Service it shows a circle with a line through it, I can connect to hot spots and blue tooth items, but cannot make or recieve calls. I've tried four different chargers, none work unless I'm in a GSM area, same chargers!!!!  This next issue happened on two different weekends in the same town that is CDMA only. I held the power button and selected &#34;power off&#34; with 10% battery left, two hours later the phone flashed and beeped indicating low battery so i shut the phone off again. The next day it flashed again and beep, I checked the phone there was 1% left, I just left it alone after that. That was last weekend, when I got back into a GSM area I plugged it into a charger, it took almost 20 minutes before the phone would turn on to check the charge status. It charged up to 73% and stopped charging. I know the problems, but, I really like the phone, too. I'm going to try getting a new battery or multiple batteries. And I'm gonna try some different setting in the APN, maybe that will help the area issue. Hopefully I can work the bugs out. Seriously if you don't know anything about electronics, stay with the trusted carriers.

I bough 14 NEW phones and Wireless Experts sent me refurbished phones, I cant return it because the phones is on Venezuela!, the box came without the secure tape, and the label was incorrect.No compren en Wireless Experts. Yo pedi 14 telefonos nuevos y ellos me enviaron Reconstruidos! no tienen cinta de seguridad y la etiqueta en la caja era incorrecta.

good morning, hope you are well, I want to make an observation, my phone does not bring the specifications, buy and get the blue black, says it has 8GB of memory and has 4, not what would happen. I'm not happy with the phone. explanation that would give me for my purchase, thank you!

Fast delivery speed and high-quality product quality, I believe our cooperation will be more better.Fast delivery speed and high-quality product quality, I believe our cooperation will be more better.

the ultimate super mega fine to see the picture of my wife to buy me one too is very cool

i was a little scared when the first language of the cell phone was in greek, but i could figure it out quick.The product is just excellent, very soft and light, high quality of image, very fast phoneyou should try with one of this

I like this phone a lot except for one thing. Am thinking of asking the seller if I can upgrade it. The problem is that 8 Gb of RAM isn't enough if you want to take advantage of the Android system to the fullest. One of the selling points of the Android system (for me) was that it can do so much, and it looks like that takes lots of RAM.  I've had it for a week now and have downloaded quite a few apps but not all that many. The problem is that the system files and bloatware take up almost half of the memory. And you can save music and video files, and books and photos, to the external micro SD card, but not apps. All your apps have to fit into the built-in ram, not into the SD card you insert yourself. And if you want to download big apps you'll run up against warnings that the memory is full. I was trying to download a Wikipedia app when this happened to me. I suspect that there are lots of games that take a lot of memory, too.I read on the net that you could root the phone and download an app that would save your apps to the external micro SD card, but I'm not that adventurous.So I did a factory reset and deleted some apps. And re-installed some of the apps I wanted. BUT I'm not happy having to do that. The largest micro SD card the SIII Mini will take is 32 Gb, and I was really disappointed at not being able to use that for apps. And it spoils the thrill to have to worry about using all my RAM. There are lots of threads about this issue on Android Central, which I recommend for anyone considering this phone.Another issue I ran into was that the wi-fi wouldn't connect. Android Central has lots of discussions of this problem. I tried lots of fixes but what worked was that I had been putting in the wrong password. You put in the WEP password. There is another password that I'd written down but it wasn't the one that I'd needed. So just make sure you have the right password.I looked through the reviews before I ordered but didn't see anything about these two issues anywhere on-line.

Excellent phone in a compact size, but buyer beware!  Many of the Samsung Galaxy 3 mini phones being sold on Amazon do not say they are 3G phones that cannot be upgraded to 4G service.  I was a litle new at ordering phones on the internet so I got a little disappointed that my phone would not pick up 4G signals that were available in my area.  So be caeful what you buy- if it doesn't say 4G it may still get good service on 3G like mine but probably isn't a 4G phone. Mrs.B

el envio no fue bueno tuyve problemas con la direccion del lugar donde lo mandaronde todos modos muchas gracias

The battery is not original and the phone was used. The phone is reconstructed, it didn't have Samsung's stamp. Always I boy on Amazon and is the first time that I am not agreed!

Good afternoon,I recieved the device in satisfactory conditions, as it was specified in the description (for being used).However, when I insert the SIM card from my venezuelan telephone company, the screen shows this message: &#8220;ERROR. Imei no valid&#8221;In this case, I would like to return the device and get the money back.Looking forward to recieving your answer,

the phone works very well!! 100% recomended!! it works with DIGITEL, Venezuela, no problems with the lenguage at all...super fast

Upon receiving my purchase the decive would not turn on. I purchased a new battery and the device still did not work.

I bought this for my mom for mothers day it's quick sleek and great battery life. The only con it's a bit small for a screen. It does what it's supposed to do call, text, and surf the internet without lag. It's way better than exhibit II which I used to have. It's a great buy for entry level smart phone for andriod.What are you waiting for grab it.

ES UNA MUY BUENA OPCI&Ograve;N PARA GUSTOS EXIGENTES, UNO DE LOS TELEFONOS MAS AVANZADOS DE LA SAMSUNG EN TAMA&Ntilde;O COMODO PARA LLEVAR...

Its a great samsung phone,  really fast, and all the functions that you need, gps, wifi, many app's on Play Store, just buy it

An excelent phone, its has all i need to comunicate with my friend, fast, small, im happy with the purchase

the phone arrived defective, the wifi module damage is only 2 days working hard, and the battery only lasts about 2 hours to be not using the phone, I feel bad purchases

This phone not fill my expectations, but I came in record time to my country Venezuela, the battery lasts but four hours maximum load and saving it, the device just reboots, there are days that heats only and turns itself apart from that has bugs in the operating system and to vary hangs, gives much to be desired because the manufacturer has been known for making good teams, so if no complaint is by the excellent care of the seller and amazon!

I'm from Venezuela and it works perfectly with MOVISTAR, it's fast and very confortable to use. It has lots of cool features, I love it!

I'm from Venezuela and unfortunately brings the languages &#8203;&#8203;assigned this phone are English and Chinese (or Japanese) I have to look as I add the espa&ntilde;osl .. if you are latino not buy it, should get another version

Just what I needed an Unlock factory cell phoneI like the price and the functionality of the phoneI recommend it for its size.

I would have give it a 5 star rating but i doesnt seem to work with 3G in my country.. Overall great phone and would reccomend.

I am from Venezuela, and I am pleased with it. its works very well with Digitel H+ y 3G. I thanks to Open group wireless

What a great find.  Just bought this phone and set it up as an AT&T Go Phone.  I have Wifi at home and work so I don't need too much data, but still wanted a smartphone without the huge bill.  I use the $25 a month plan and my wife is able to text Costa Rica.  Going prepaid was the best decision ever.  As for the phone it works great and pretty much a smaller version of Galaxy s 3.  We just add data when we need it and save almost $100 per month.  No more contracts!

This phone met my expectations, a little glitch here and there by it is ok.  Nic picture, I would recommend it to anyone not looking for a full size Galaxy S3

definitely no NFC apparent, despite it still being listed in the descriptionother than that, it's an excellent phone if you don't want something big.  It's slightly smaller than an iphone 5, you don't feel like you're going to scratch the surface, etc.  It's a bit under-powered and the screen could be better (higher res).  Given those factors I would have expected better battery life than it has, but the battery gets me reliably through the day as long as don't have the screen very bright (which I find acceptable.It has too much Samsung junk that you can't uninstall. It's annoying to bloat the phone up out of the box with that, but even more annoying to make it impossible to remove.They've buried the WiFi hotspot settings and generally made this much less usable than it was on previous Samsung Galaxy models that I've had; I haven't researched whether this is an Android change or a Samsung change.  It's just annoying, as I tether over wifi to my phone a lot when traveling.

Luego de estar casado con Blackberry durante unos 5 anos, tres o cuatro modelos diferentes. Hace un tiempo conoci a Android... a traves de una tablet. Deje mi Blackberry (que carinosamente podemos llamarlo &#34;poteberry&#34;) y estoy disfrutando de esta nueva relacion con mi Samsung Galaxi S3 mini y Android.

I received the version I8190N, oceania continentThe &#34;base band&#34; are not correct for the AmericasCan not update the firmware by KIES, you must use other methods.

i received the manuals on other languages that are not english or spanish. do you think you can provide me one in english or spanish?

I needed an urgent upgrade for my old cell. This phone provides a good performance. Updates runs very easily. I like the size since it fits fine if my shirt pocket (try to do that with the regular Galaxy). It's light and the screen resolution is perfect for reading news and basic internet browsing. Only problem is trying to use the keyboard in portrait, I gave up and just rotate to landscape and it's less difficult. In general I recommend this phone if you don't want to spend to much money and want to use your previous SIM card.

I bought this cell as a gift in October, my daughter loved it at first but the battery charger never worked so I resorted to buy a wall port where she would charge the battery outside the cell. Throughout time the phone would freeze and it wouldn't turn on from time to time so in 5months I bought 5 batteries! It's been 2 weeks and this phone will no longer turn on! I use to love Samsung and now I loathe it! I'm contacting the seller to see if I can return this. Very disappointed and unhappy!

I was looking for a simple phone and I chose this one because to me it looked simple. Now I'm crazy about it, it has so many things and is very easy to use. I'm sure others will give more technical details but as for me, the phone is perfect!

I purchased a phone that was advertised as new from Pacific Cellular and received a used phone.  The phone arrived without a seal on the box, battery was not in a sealed wrapper and took too long to charge and discharged early. You could see that the phone had been previously handled, with fingerprints all over the back and front cover.  Thank goodness for amazon, as their staff were very helpful in getting a full refund.  I recommend avoiding The seller and choosing one whose products are &#34;fulfilled by amazon&#34;.  I did wind up reordering the same phone from Top10cell, fulfilled by amazon and the phone arrived within 3 business days.  The phone arrived with 2 seals on the box, which clearly states to not accept if broken or missing.  Inside, the blacking and contents were as they should be, battery in its sealed case and NO fingerprints all over the phone!  The phone itself is very nice, this far it has been working quite well and seems to have a boatload of features for the price.  I will leave the technical review for the techies...and there is a great one by a &#34;daisy s.&#34;  I recommend getting a micro sad card to increase storage space...I got a 32 gb card.  So, in summary, thumbs up for the phone, an excellent buy, thumbs way up for seller Top10cell and amazon...thumbs way down for Pacific Cellular distributor, out of Idaho.

The SIM doesn't work, and also it miss item under the battery. One more things about the catalog that came with the phone that wrote with another language, so this make for me difficulties to understand the siting.

is a product myu good, I enjoy it to the fullest I recommend it to all, is one telephon  delux

The size of this phone its perfect. It's not too big or too small. Its very fast and has good features.

This smartiphone fits exactly on what a girl wish!! It is thin, light, and its tools are perfect. For me it seems like a mini tablet!! Very very usefull and stilysh!!

The batery no good.

For my is more than a cellphone!!... my wife is enjoying it. She toll me that is the greatest phone she ever had!!

Our kid was moving to college, crushed his phone under one of the boxes. Read all the reviews, and bought this phone. It came the next day and we took to our son. He loved it, works perfectly. Thank you to all the people who took time out to write detailed reviews, your input helped a non-techie mom make a smart decision.Jo

Overall good fit for the money with my phone I wish I could upload METRO PCS App's and get Rid of the AT&T App's

The cell phone does not charge, tried different batteries and chargers but the problem persists. Still looking for a way to solve it.

This phone is refurbished.I took him to a Samsung Service Centre and they was told me that this phone is refurbished; their serials do not match.

This item came with cords/plug ins for EUROPEAN plug ins.  It even had brochures with it in some foreign language like Polish or Czech.  My people here who deal with electronics said, if it wasn't even made in this country and didn't even have plug ins for the U.S., I'd have NO idea what was inside the phone.I returned it.

I am extremely disappointed in this phone.  It freezes up every time we use it--you have to turn it off for a period of time and then restart it.  Very unhappy with my purchase.

Works perfectly, fast, upgraded to the latest official OS and fixed several issues. There's an issue with the phone mini usb port that won't charge, but after trial and trial it was fixed on its own. I'll be buying another one soon.-

It restarts itself like 4 or 5 times per day, and theres time's when it  goes off and doesn't turn on again untill i turn it on... i don't know how to solve it, it started since the very first day of use... i've used it for 1 week and i decided to change it.It came with a manufacturing flaw

There is an amazing cellphone. I like itis an incredible phone, with my expectations fulfilled besides being cheap and easy to use resistant. good conpra which Realize

There are issues with the Samsung Kies software to interface the mobile with a computer. Apart from that, it's excellent

It is what I was looking for. It works, it is worthy and useful. The screen is amazing and it takes really good pics.

I bought this to replace my Samsung Galaxy II. Unfortunately, it is more complicated to operate and has fewer of the features I enjoyed with the older model. If I am on Facebook with this phone, I am unable to open links. It is more difficult to do simple tasks on this phone than it was on the older model. The best I can say about this one is that it fits into smaller pockets better. Had I but known, I would not have made this purchase.

Good size.  Fast. Good system.  Resistant. Os without those  stupid  limitations like those of the iPhone. Just  awesome.  The phone  arrived  on time and in good packaging.

The battery of the phone come damaged, I got buy another one.. am not so happy! Hope send me a new battery.

This is my first Samsung phone and I was torn between this and the iPhone as my other products are Apple - Mac, iTouch, iPad etc. I am not disappointed - I LOVE this phone!! It looks beautiful - the blue colour is just gorgeous. The size, feel, weight are just perfect for me. It is without doubt the best phone I have ever owned. My previous phones were Balckberry, Palm, Nokia, Sony Eriksson and this phone just blows them away. No comparison. The only criticism is the amount of &#34;bloatware&#34; that comes pre-installed, eating up over 3.5GB of memory which is just ridiculous. I will remove as much as I can to free up space.

I like this cell phone cause has great funtions. It's small, with a confortable size and compact. I love it!

This is my first Android phone and I will never have anything BUT one of these.  I love the size and the functions.  The ONLY drawback is the size of the keyboard which requires me to use a stylus pen for texting.  But the phone itself is fantastic. One reviewer said this phone will not to Google Hangouts (formerly Talk) in the US. That is untrue. It works great. The charger is European tho which I did not see in the description. But it also comes with a USB charger and my Samsung Galaxy Tablet charger also fits this phone.  Otherwise you will need an adapter for the U.S.  Highly recommend this phone.  Loving it!

I couldn't test the phone when i received it. i tested only the Wifi connection. I haven't tested actual phone functionality. When i send to India, my wife tried to activate it.. but it never works. when we dial any number, the phone gets restarts. 3G connection is working fine. But phone functionality not working. $300 waste. Not sure if Amazon takes it back when my wife gets back here after 2 months.

So far everything looks fine with this phone. It bothers me that it arrived with the factory box seal broken. I wonder if this is a refurbished unit, however as I'm traveling overseas and need to have this phone I won't have time to return. Will post later regarding phone use in Brazil.AFTER USING THIS PHONE FOR ABOUT A MONTH I CAN ATTEST IT WORKS GREAT IN SOUTH AMERICA, SPECIALLY BRAZIL. NO COMPLAINS!

Just received my phone today and love it! It came with everything and was brand new from surgetelecom. I had no problems setting up my service with straight talk it was super easy. If i didnt understand something i just looked up a tutorial on youtube. This phone is not too big or too small but just right &#9825; i recommend it.

is incredible meets all I want is a good response to open applications photos are of very good resolution. I recommend

After years of reaching for glasses.........this one is large enough that you don't have to go cross-eyed to review the daily mail and Facebook register, and courier news.Then you start using something called apps........lol, like applying for a job.Too funny!

I bought for my sister and works perfectly very good quality of the screen and works perfectly with movistar here in Venezuela !

Hello i really appreciate the care you show about my order, the phone takes a while to get to me, because i am outside the united states, but i am very happy and very excited with it, it is what i exactly need, this is a good phone with a lot of options.I firmly recommend wireless everything, they are very good sellers... A+

I love it!  Very easy to use, light-weigt, and I especially love the flash light.  The voice command is very accurate as well.

By the samsung is a good phone I am satisfied, I had doubts from what I saw on the internet about how slow and everything they said at first but is a good phone with all the features of one of its major phones such as the Samsung S3. the downside is that the agency that conducted the phone sending enveloped in a very large box for shipment so that the phone and its accessories arrive at their destination out of the packaging because the packaging was not completely sealed, however, and Luckily for me, the phone works perfectly.

It is an awesome phone. The color is beautiful and the size is perfect. I've seen the bigger one and this one is way better.

Because I am very satified by this phone... It is perfect and nice.I can use it everywhere I go

Excelentemust come alltogether  the movil and the flip coverfamily, for security reasons.the S3above the expectationsAMAZON  AND LIBERTY EXPRESS ARE A SOLID COMBINATION TO A HAPPY  TRADE ENDING

Can someone please help me. I can connect to my wifi but m am UNABLE TO BROWSE. DOES ANY ONE ELSE HAVE THIS PROB?

I bought it as a gift for my cousin, we live in Venezuela and it works just perfect with movistar, it was delivered on time. This is an amazing phone and not super big. He loves it!

When I bought this I saw reviews saying it has orange logo and all those crapBut the truth s it's a never locked phone and wit Gud functions

Love this phone super fast great screen does all the stuff it's big brother does in a smaller BUT prefect size for your hand. FAST shipping too ordered it at 3pm on Thursday and got it 11 am on Friday. Amazon prime ROCKS!!

In spanish... Compr&eacute; el tel&eacute;fono desde Venezuela, para ser usado en Venezuela, en Barquisimeto... El equipo llego a mi casa despues del 26 de diciembre, debido a retrasos del courier que contrate... Funcion&oacute; al principio bien, le instale facebook, whatsapp, twitter, lo normal... una semana despues de ser entregado comenzo a recalentarse de tal manera q se consumia la bateria en menos de una hora... Le desinstale todas las aplicaciones y aun asi seguia recalentandose... lo lleve al servicio t&eacute;cnico autorizado samsung aca en mi ciudad y me informaron que el IMEI no estaba registrado por lo que consideraban que el tel&eacute;fono era una copia (IMEI: 359684/15/664597/8) ... Lo lleve a revisi&oacute;n de un t&eacute;cnico samsung particular y me informa que el problema lo tiene la placa base que est&aacute; defectuosa, se le cambi&oacute; la bateria y se prob&oacute; con una caja de servicios para tel&eacute;fonos moviles, dando el defecto en la placa base... El tel&eacute;fono no se puede usar debido a que se consume la bateria en una hora, y le instale una aplicaci&oacute;n (la &uacute;nica que tiene) que mide la temperatura del sistema y ha llegadpo hasta 46 centigrados... Agradezco por favor darme respuesta de que debo hacer para que me solucionen este problema, ya que el equipo me llego defectuoso...I bought the phone from Venezuela , to be used in Venezuela , in Barquisimeto ... The phone came to my home after Dec. 26 due to courier delays to hire ... It worked well at first , it will install facebook, whatsapp, twitter , normal ... one week after being handed started to overheat so q battery was consumed in less than an hour ... I uninstall all applications and yet was still overheating ... authorized tecnics here in my city samsung service center and was informed that the IMEI was not registered by what they saw that the phone was a copy ( IMEI: 359684/15/664597/8 ) ... A technical review of samsung owners and informs me that the problem is the motherboard that is defective, the battery was changed and tested with a box service for mobile phones, giving the defect in the motherboard .. . The phone can not be used because the battery is consumed in an hour, and I install an application ( the only one you have) that measures the temperature of the system and has up to 46  Celsius ... Answer please, that I should do to solve this problem as I get defective equipment ...

Me gusto mucho el telefono, es comodo no tan grande, rapido y se ajusta a mis necesidades. Vivo en Venezuela solo le meti la sim card y de una funciono perfect. Recomiendo el producto y al vendedor!

No factory unlocked.It have signal problems.The device shut down by itselfLost my money.Buy it from another seller.

This is my first android phone, all these years I have been loyal to nokia phones but due to its apps limitation, I decided to give S3 mini a try and boy! I'm glad I did the switch. Delivery is fast, keep it up to the seller. I can almost do everything in this phone, check emails, candy saga, bank transactions and some. The only downside is the memory storage otherwise it is a great phone.

Ive had my phone for two weeks now still getting to know the features but so far fantstic!!I have small hands so I chose this phone after much soul searching and reviewing of tech and customer reviews.The price is very nice saved a bunch by not buying an iphone to replace my old iphone. I love the aneroid apps store so many good free apps. Camera is panoramic despite what some people say took it to beach got fantastic sunset photos.would recommend to anyone on a budget but needing a phone that's a work horseSeller delivered faster than expected and brand new phone with accessories!

I liked a lot. It is perfect for those who want a smart phone, fast, lightweight and with a great design.

The mobile computer is genuine and is released, and is working well in Venezuela.It is a Samsung computer. The proveedro times fulfilled with entregta, especifiaciones presented and quality

Good afternoon,This is to indicate that I am very upset because I bought a samsung S3 in blue and white I got it, I can not return it because I live abroad, should be more aware of what their customers request, I demand compensation from the subject.Regards,Escalona Yulnert

I am really really happy with this purchase,  this phone meet ita expectations,  works perfect,  3G works (Venezuela), battery last longer than other phones. Totally recommend this product,  thanks.

LLego en muy buenas condiciones, trabaja excelentemente, la funcionalidad es excelente y ya viene con jelly bean.Muy buen producto.

Be aware of this phone model GT-I8190 is an international model number so if the phone brakes Samsung USA is not going to repair or replace the phone for you.  If the phone brakes during the first three months, you can return it to amazon but if brakes after 3 months you have to report the problem to Samsung and they are not going to fix the issue for you.  In summary,  Amazon should not allow re-seller to sell international phones to US customer!!!

fine, recommend

The software on this phone is not original and amended, does not allow updates, not recommend purchase if I could give it back, but I am in another country

excelente telefono, bastante interactivo, tenia un BB y ya se me olvid&oacute; este celular es lo maximo, el unico detalle es que  consume demasiada bateria  por que esta en constante interacci&oacute;n con actualizaciones, lo recomiendo

This product met my expectations. It's really hard for me to remember what I don't like about this phone.

Was Ok. i think can be faster. But so far so good. I have another one and works better. Maybe it was a lucky matter

I like some of the feature it has such as FM radio and screen staying on if it senses you are looking at it.  The fact that the phone is pretty small is a great plus.The lack of LED notification made me a little sad but there is the NoLED app.The biggest draw back that caused me to return it after about a week was the battery life.  I don't use the phone much, maybe 30 min of call, 45 min of some gaming, an hour of reading during lunch break, and maybe 30 min of screen on for other messenger services and what not (+the NoLED app I guess).  I had GPS and wifi and other stuff disabled most of the time along with 30% brightness and a short screen timeout, but still I'd unplug the phone would be at about 20% after 17 hours of this type of usage.  My previous phone was a mytouch 4g and a similar usage (minus the NoLED app) i'd still be at about 50% at the end of the day.  I'd worry how fast the battery would if I were to use it more intensely or on trips.I ended up getting another phone, and i noticed I was getting a lot better reception for 4G.  I originally thought it was my location, but apparently its the phone.

finally got my new cell phone hope it works very good out the usa,is my gift so expect a lot from the cell phone

I respect the equipments from this country but I don't like and do not recommend it because we have had problems in Venezuela with the quality and the system operation

All the description says and specifications is true, I am happy with my decision about to buy this phone, it is really nice and fits good in my hands

Lo compre hace una semana, dec&iacute;a desbloqueado y efectivamente esta desbloqueado. Tengo ATT pay as you go lleve mi tel&eacute;fono a la tienda y solo cambiaron la tarjeta y funciona perfectamente. Definitivamente lo recomiendo.

Love this phone!!!  All the bells and whistles and really small too.  Get yourself a 32GB SD card to go with it :)

El tel&eacute;fono no cumple con las especificaciones t&eacute;cnicas que describen. No posee Network Band 3G 900. La telefon&iacute;a que utiliz&oacute; solo levanta 3G por esa banda.Necesito saber si hay alguna forma de activar esta banda (3G 900)??The phone does not meet the technical specifications describing. It has no 3G Network Band 900. The only phone that used up by that band 3G.I need to know if there is any way to change the band (3G 900)??

only one thing the languaje original was in german but my son 19 years old  changed it in one second i will until december trying to set new lenguaje.

This phone is OK overall, but with a BIG defect.Although it is not small, it is almost impossible to write a text since you are always touching the very sensitive keys by the side of the one you intend to, unless you have pointed fingers!This is an exasperating waste of time.It would be  great with a slide out qwerty keyboard.

I loved it. I am amazed with it.

Este telefono inteligente es lo m&aacute;ximo, tama&ntilde;o adecuado, funciona bien en mi pais venezuela, levante 3g sin ningun problema con todas las operadoras, lo recomiendo

Bright display, Realistic color, Lightweight. Much better than my previous phone.its an awsome product  Sharp, intelligent and mini, this smartphone fits my taste in the matter.

I got the phone in the estimated time frame and it came brand new. So far i have no issues with it and it seems to be working great.

Phone is good but I am not able to update my phone to the newest update. Help!!! Why can't I update? It says this phone is modified

Excellent phone support in Venezuela with Digitel ... I'm happy with my new purchase, perfect size and I recommend it to everyone.

This phone is one of the most powerful phone in the market and its very light and fast too. I gave it a four star rating because I am still checking out the phone and there has been no flaws yet. I will recommend this phone to anybody.

all these phones are built overseas making them non repairable per usa and have alot of dropped calls and when on phone hangs up due to end button

Excelent!!! Easy to handle.  I like it very much. I knew it from previous experiences of my relatives.  Fully recommended

Fantastic phone. Shipped right on time and met all my expectations. I am really enjoying this phone and would recommend purchasing it to anyone.

I have a Samsung SIII and I brought this for my father - I was amazed by the speed and fluidity of the screen.. Awesome!!

This is my 2nd data phone (1st one lasted 2 weeks) and I'm still learning how to &#34;work&#34; it. I think it's a great product, I'd like to see the keyboard have a little bit better design, i.e. I use the comma a lot in my texting and I have to go to a different screen to use it. I dislike this feature a lot, but not enough to say this is a bad phone. Now, if I could get better service from Family Plan from Walmart I'd really be happy!

Good -1) Delivery prompt and in excellent condition.2) Display excellent.3) Feature rich.4) Full User's manuals in various languages available on the manufacturers site.5) The language switch over from German easy and a non-issue. And no, I don't read German.6) Apps, like GasBuddy, easy to install and work well in large metro areas.7) Overall comparable to my work iPhone with exceptions noted below.Bad -1) Charging overnight last from ~6AM - ~3PM with WiFi and GPS off, brightness @50% with less than 1 hour of talk time. Repeated these results for several days; never achieved acceptable battery life. This was THE deal breaker.2) The dropouts and lack of service could be poor carrier service - AT&T;'s GSM. Often had NO service with 3 bars. Signal strength varied &#62;10db with the phone sitting on a table, no known local EM interference, and fair WX. When traveling, one needs good coverage - not excellent, just good. This phone/carrier combo did NOT deliver minimally acceptable service.Other thoughts -1) 3-star (neutral) rating because of the uncertainties involved.2) Possibly a one-off lemon on the phone, but I don't play roulette - hoping the next spin will be a winner.3) Case/cover and screen protectors I ordered/received are a loss.4) Amazon refund prompt and hassle free. This was the only bright spot in the deal.

I love my SAMSUNG i8190 GALAXY S III MINI (BLUE). Has bright colors, takes very good pictures, is fast, and works perfectly with Movistar in Venezuela

Nice performance, good resolution and graphics. If you are looking quality at best price; you absolutly must buy this cellphone

Phone arrived in nice condition. All german language, no biggy cause it was so cheap. But then it started changing the date to 2011 constantly and I was getting messages in the wrong year so it mixed them up in the message logs. The standby button doesnt work sometimes. The reception sucks and battery life horrible. Barely able to load any websites, my old smart phone could do it way better and faster than this garbage. Waste of money and a total ripoff.

I love it!I use it!  it works!it is legit!It is not a copy.It is greatI has wifi.I am using it in other countries..Thank you!

I was surprised by how big this phone actually is since it's supposed to be a 'mini'. It is the perfect size for me so I'm glad I got it instead of the larger S3/S4 models. Screen resolution is very good. Very fast processor. Access to all android apps in the Play store.Also works perfectly with the GSM network in The Bahamas where I live. I just put in my SIM card and it worked immediately.I saw some negative reviews about this phone but my experience with Top10Cell was excellent and I would recommend this seller for this phone. The phone arrived was new and in perfect condition. I am very pleased with my purchase.

This is a nice phone.  Note that this phone was made for use in Australia and the charger that comes with it won't work in the USA.  I think you can get an adapter to change this charger plug to a USA type wall plug.  I have no complaints at all with this phone.  If you want to down load the manual it can be found on the Samsung Australia web site.

I received my phone in good conditions, very well packed. This came with earphones, travel charger , 120V pin adapter, USB wire and instruction manual in three languages czech, russian and polish (the only thing that I disliked! ) . Next, the thing that everyone wants to know about it , I live in Venezuela and worked perfectly with my movilnet SIMCARD , also wifi network and 3g mobile data were available by the time! . Until now, I am very happy with my S3 mini.

I received the battery of the samsung s3 instead of the samsung s3 mini, obviously it didn't fit in the phone. The box was different and the seller opened it and change the accesories, I didn't receive the manuals and the headphones, he told me to purchase the headphones separately!! The seller didn't resolve my problem and I'm very upset I doubt the phone is new

Everything was ok! it was sent it fast and furious :D, i bought 2 S3 mini and they are ok

I love this phone.  My first smartphone and I am enjoying how it operates.  Takes some getting use to since I only had a dumb flip phone before.  It was a great price, and I found an unlimited voice and text and 1GB data plan for 44.00 per month (total).  I am a happy camper.

Works like a charm. Like the fact that with addition memory card I can store my music  and listen to on the phone thru headphones.

i purchsse this phone in april and it would not charge in september jut recieved my new barrery yesterday. i cjhange the battery and it came on i charge it but it is not chearjng i love this phone and need help

This phone is my absolute baby! I adore it. it's the perfect size to still fit in your pocket (this is what put me off buying the regular SIII) and it's still got tons of cool features. Great buy! I just wish there were more accessories for it...

Warning!!!  In my case the phone has charging issues, it crashes time to time and the charge won't last but half day (6 hrs.) with no much use.

I loved the phone. I wanted a powerful smart phone with good camera with flash and that too with a small screen. This phone has it all. It fits your hands nicely, can operate it single-handedly. Best thing is you can keep it in your pocket. It's not very bulky like nexus, s3, s4 or note. Looks-wise also it's very good. It's interface is also very good looking and smooth when compared to nexus 4.

I received the product exactly as described.Totally unlocked, I'm using this in Ecuador and is perfectGreath phone I really love it.This is a great phone BUT now that I was checking more about the system I observed it says 4GB instead 8 GB as the description....I want to know why the different, why it says they are selling an 8GB samsung but sent a 4GBhope I can get any comments about this from the seller!

Purchased this phone to substitute my original Samsung Galaxy S 4G and recently started using it. It has more internal memory - 8 GB instead of less than 1 GB for Galaxy S and I also put 16 GB storage card so there are plenty of space for all downloaded programs as well as photo and video data. Phone doesn't require frequent restarts like my Galaxy S did when it hangs down and so far I am fully satisfied by it's operation. Well worth the money paid for it!

excellent, good smart phone, spectacular, without words, the best purchase I made, works perfectly, thanks. The best gift you've done to my wife

I returned the mini I8190. The mini was an international phone for which I could get no support in the U.S.

Incredible good East phone, quick to open applications, the size to be the mini very well, I have no complaints of this, I recommend it and works very well here in Venezuela.

Mine came with German as the default language, simple to switch over to english. Printed owners manual was in German also. Some of the preinstalled apps were from T-Mobile and for the European market, in German also. T-Mobile splash screen comes up on boot. Works fine otherwise. New in Box Item with all Acc's*UPDATE* AirVoice wireless $5.00 sim card for AT&T; worked perfecto. Insert sim card, go online, bingo, you're talking.

i bought this phone from this seller, but i was a bit hesitant at first, i'm really glad i did :) Excellent service and it shipped to me really fast. Have this phone about 3weeks now its been working good thus far however my only complaints will be about the battery life....yeah it sucks but u can always carry around an extra battery.....The phone came in french language but included in the box was english "how to" set up, it also came with a charger and manuals and YES the phone was unlocked and brand new!!.........So from Trinidad and Tobago i give this seller 5 stars!!! ploi ploi!!! bullet!!!! lol

excellentwas a great gift for my uncle .. loved it, the Samsung Galaxy S3  Mini works perfectly.  its size is perfect.

i bought as a gift for boyfriend & he is experiencing problems with battery not staying charged for more than couple  hours &does not no why phone gets very hot????  If anyone has answers would appreciate feedback as to what to do????

Son muy r&aacute;pidos enviado el pedido, atentos, no dudes en comprar algo aqu&iacute;, solo hagalo!! lo recomiendo con los ojos cerrados!

I have had this phone for about 6 months now. Systematic symptoms keep appearing as time progresses. One of the first things that started was after about a month or so. There is a wicked echo that people on the other side can hear, but you can not. This is a major problem when you get into an automated system. It hears itself and keeps erroring out because it cant understand your response even though you dont say anything. Later on another symptom that started coming up is that the touch screen bugs out. Sometimes it will not recognize, sometimes it will click all over the place nonstop untill you restart and sometimes it has a 5-10 second lag. Alot of people on the other end can not hear me well. I have been told it is like talking to someone through a sheet rock wall. Its just really muffled. Another problem is that it apps do not like to run properly. sometimes I will to have to close it out and reopen it several times. Another problem is that when it charges, it will charge up to the point it is 100%, then it turns itself off. So almost everyday I wake up to my phone being off. That or i watch it real close when i'm at work and unplug it at 95%. Another problem thats is kinda strange is that it does not like cold. If it gets cold (like 60 or less) the touch screen will not work, and someitmes it will turn itself off. It works fine if you keep in your pocket, but when i leave it on the bedside table at night during the winter i wake up to a non-functioning phone. This thing is garbage. I will be tossing it in the bricked phone drawer when i get enough $ to get away from it. Who knows, I may take it outside and give it the proper &#34;office space&#34; treatment.

An excellent smartphone, very powerful in your processor. The camera is very good. Connection speed to internet and to open applications has no comparison. The best phone that could be bought

Before I bought the product I took a look to the previous reviews and I was afraid that the product was not exactly what they said, as there were people who complained about that, but for my good I received exactly what they described.The cellphone is internationaly unlocked, I put my chip and it worked perfectly.

This item was defective. The battery does not last 3 hours and when it dies, it takes like 4 hours to start charging. This was rubbish. Was a birthday present for my mom, who is abroad, and turned out to be the worst thing i've ever buy online.

It is awesome !!! Works perfectly not like the other phone I had to return ..I love my new galaxy 3 mini everything works the same as the regular size galaxy

this I s great phone it is almost the same as a Galaxy S3 but smaller so it fits in my pocket easily.

Great phone. The internet does not as fast as expected, but Im not a super techie guy either so no hassle. Would buy it again in the future.

I am enjoying the mini.  Just a couple of time it locked, but nothing major so far... When it locked I just had to restart.. Enjoying it so far...................

I originally ordered this phone for my wife, and it had great reviews.  The first phone had a defective camera in which the auto-focus did not work, and all the pictures were blurry.  I contacted the seller, and they agreed to send me a replacement phone if I would send the bad phone back (at my expense).  They said I would have to wait until they got the returned phone and inspected it before they could send the replacement.  This took over two weeks, so my wife was without a phone for that period.  When the replacement phone arrived, the camera worked fine, and everything seemed OK. Since my wife is not a heavy phone user, she made very few calls over the next few weeks, but we began to notice that whenever she was talking on her phone, the person on the other end of the phone would hear their own voice echo back.  We tested it on both land lines and other cell phones, and the echoing was always present, regardless of what type of phone it was.  Since the seller's 30 day return period was up, I took the phone to a local repair shop.  They tried replacing the microphone, but that did not fix the problem.  I'm now stuck with a bad phone, and am out the almost $200 I paid for this one.  I have since purchased an S4 mini from another Amazon vendor, and it has been flawless. I realize that you are taking a risk with unlocked phones, but having it happen twice from this supplier is not acceptable.

I love my Samsung!  This phone looks just as good as it's big brother, but it's not too big to operate with one small hand like mine.  I had an HTC Evo 3D for about a month before this phone, and it was just so big I had to have two hands on it at all times.  The picture on this phone is clear and crisp, and while it may not have quite as many features as it's larger counterpart, the differences are hardly noticeable in my opinion.I think the worst thing about this phone is that it's not 4G capable.  However, depending on your network, this little sucker is still fast!  I'm currently with TMobile, and I was told when I activated the phone that their network did not provide 3G or 4G to this particular phone, so I would be stuck with 2G.  The phone and the network were still a vast improvement from the supposed 4G I was getting from Virgin Mobile previously.Overall, I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a nice phone without all the bulk.

I wanted a nice little Android phone, and I'm already a Samsung fan (HDTV, Tab 2 7.0 tablet, Galaxy 4 music player). I prefer a phone-sized phone, since I already have a tablet. This isn't the latest tech, so the price was much more reasonable. The size if good for my hand. Android 4.1.2 came on the phone, and it runs what apps I need on my phone.The phone was unlocked, as described. I dropped in my SIM and the phone logged into the network as soon as it got a signal. It picked up my WiFi signal even faster (no surprise there; T-Mo has a bad signal in this part of town). Reception isn't as good as with my old-school Razr v3, but I was expecting that, and I don't use the mobile a lot in the house. I am able to use this phone for WiFi calling via Talkatone.Very pleased to see that the OS supports turning OFF mobile data usage while keeping regular phone calls/texts active, with or without WiFi being on.The screen is gorgeous. Colors are bright and clear, and text is easy to read.The stock keyboard has keys a bit small for me -- always getting O when I want I and vice versa -- but the Swype keyboard works just fine.After I logged into my Google account from the phone, it quickly pulled in my contacts and photos. I was able to download apps from the Play Store that I had previously purchased for my tablet or music player.iSyncr does a great job of syncing music between the phone and my Mac-based iTunes library, transferring playlists & music to the phone, and playcounts to the Mac, via USB or WiFi. The WiFi transfer rate seems faster on my phone than on the Galaxy 4 player. Possibly the difference between Gingerbread and Jelly Bean? A better WiFi transceiver?I'm sorry to see that so many phones have the microSD slot buried under the battery, forcing me to power down the phone to change the card. The SIM is out in the clear, and I'll need to swap that a LOT less than I might the SD card. It's less of an issue with this phone than it would be with a tablet or music player -- I don't plan to watch video on the phone; that's why I have a tablet, and I can swap cards easily on that -- but it still strikes me as a design mistake.Overall, though, I'm very happy with the vendor and the phone right now. If that changes over time -- I don't expect it to, but you never know -- I'll revisit this review. For now, I'll say it's a nice blend of convenient size and utility, in an attractive package. If you want a &#34;normal&#34; sized phone and don't need bleeding edge tech, this is well worth considering.

Looking for a small but fast but small phone? This is the one for you! Just as responsive as it's bigger brother.

I choose this phone because i am feeling very confortable with my Galaxy tablet, and i think that this cell phone is so friendly too

Excelente producto, llego en el tiempo acordado

Becareful with this troduct. I bought ones and has many problems. very bad and not helped me very much forget it

ES UN GRAN TELEFONO CELULAR, ES REALMENTE INCREIBLE ES TODO LO QUE ME IMAGINE Y HASTA MAS. LO RECOMIENDO EN UN 1000%.

Since I've had an i4s, and have used other phones before I rec'd this one, I am not &#34;gushing&#34; about the phone, however, it is a great phone, and I'm having no problems on the AT&T; network.  Being an unlocked phone, I will probably see about using it on T-mobile and Straight Talk as well.It came w/a European plug, but an adapter was included for use here, and it also came w/a USB cable for data and charging by computer or via USB charging adapter, so no big deal.  Set up was easy, however, if you purchase this phone, make sure that your carrier gives you a data plan for a Smartphone, if you've switched from an iPhone!Got a great cover, screen protector, and I'm set!  I noticed HDSPA show up in areas where available, and otherwise, it automatically sets for whatever signal your carrier provides. The built-in apps are a problem, because what you don't want/need, you can't remove, but, not gonna obsess over that, cause that's minor to me, and, other than having to get used to a different &#34;look&#34; w/the camera, I have no regrets over selling my iPhone, and getting my Mini Galaxy!Really like this phone!

The phone was made for the European market and changing the language setting was easy.  However, it came with a charger that does not fit the US power socket, but Amazon was very accommodative and made it right.  The phone works with the standard AT&T SIM card and I was able to activate the phone (and deactivate my old Nokia) with a call to AT&T support.  I will not be using a data plan on this phone.  The phone does not accept the Samsung Link software; therefore, if you are expecting it to connect with a Samsung smart TV, you will be disappointed.  The S III mini version was purchased for my spouse's use and fits in her hand perfectly.

This is a good phone I'm just super disappointed with the camera and for the lack of a better word it sucks it can take semi good closes up photos but anything further than a meter away it becomes foggy and not clear and just bad qualityso that function just put me off the phone.

We are very pleased with the product.It was a gift and pleasantly fulfilled than I expected for that purpose.

Great phone and best size it fit in your hand and came without a memory card and it was made in China would be better if i got one made in Korea....rated 4/5 if it just had better front cam and more than 8 gigabyte of memory user end up with less than 4.7 gigabyte to use and is not that much and it use normal size sim card and yes this phone is unlocked will work worldwide!!Make sure when you receive it that it is sealed by Samsung!

I bought this phone seven months ago and I'm very pleased so far. It's exactly what I was looking for. 3G (3G+ HSDPA) works great in Venezuela.As many other reviewers have quoted the AC charger is european, but an adapter was included and shipped outside the sealed box. It makes look the charger a bit bulky but it does the job.My only minor complaint: the phone is Pebble Blue but the earphones and USB cable are white... quite odd isn't it?.------Compr&eacute; este tel&eacute;fono hace siete meses y hasta ahora estoy muy satisfecho. Es exactamente lo que estaba buscando. El 3G (3G+ HSDPA) funciona muy bien en Venezuela.Como muchos otros clientes han citado el cargador AC es europeo, pero incluye un adaptador que enviaron fuera de la caja sellada. Hace que el cargador se vea un poco voluminoso, pero hace el trabajo.Mi &uacute;nica queja: el tel&eacute;fono es Azul Piedra pero los auriculares y cable USB son de color blanco... bastante extra&ntilde;o &iquest;no?.

Very happy with it. I am very pleased with the phone and the only reason I give it 4 stars is because the battery last shorter and also because it does not have LED indicators when message/email arrived. Other than that a perfect phone.

Great phone for the price. Samsung software, as with the s3 and s4 lags from time to time but nothing unmanageable. The phone is overall fast.My major gripe with this phone is that it does not have a notification led!Also note that this model does not have NFC.

I got the phone and I have to say it's working perfectly Thank you :) I love it :)

Mine was a Tmobile phone with a charger, and that's it... no headphones or holster.  Works fine.  Note that this is not the larger screen version.  Shipping to the West Coast took a week.

I am an AT&T customer in upstate NY.  I took my SIM out of my 4G Galaxy SII and put it in this phone.  Reading the description and reviews I was under the impression I would get 4G.  At worst 3G.  Well, all I can get is the EDGE network.  The phone came in the default setting of French.  Had I not known the Samsung platform (I've owned the Captivate and SII) I wouldn't have been able to figure out how to get to English.  The phone is too small to type on and it doesn't have auto correct, it has the predictive word feature.  Don't even think of getting accessories for this phone in America.  The AT&T store didn't even know what the heck I handed them.  The guys there have never seen or heard of this phone.  You can't find a case.  When someone calls you and you miss the call you can't go into the call log to call them back.  The default layout of the phone shows international calls.  It doesn't come up as (555) 555-5555.  It shows up as +5555555555.  I still haven't been able to figure that out months later.  I used that feature a bunch on my Galaxy SII. Being a business owner I get calls from people all the time that are not in my contact list.  The camera is horrible and there is so much junk loaded on this phone when it comes it bogs down just trying to get out of it's own way.  Even when you restart the phone or turn it on the phone uses over 400 of the 800MB of Ram.  I could go on and on about how much I hate this phone.  Spend a few extra bucks and get something better.  The only reason I bought this phone is because I dropped my SII (first phone I've ever ruined and I started with a Motorola Startac) and can't upgrade for 8 months.  When I get my new phone I will recreate the &#34;Office Space&#34; scene in the field with the fax machine with this phone.  I can't express how much I hate this phone.

This mini version of the popular S3 is excellent and can perfectly replace the latter being more convenient, comfortable and smaller. The quality of the images with a 4in display is very good. The only negative is that it is not easy to write on your keypad displayed on the touch screen.

Although I have SIII mobile, all my family has SIII mini and I bought this one for them.The mobile answers all their expectation.

I was very happy when I bought this phone. But battery gets discharged in 16-18 hours, it's horrible, wish i knew it before, would have never bought it.

It is a very good smartphone, it is in excellent condition,it works very well. Im pleased with the purchase .Its a well combination between price and quiality.

Excellent cellphone. LOve it. It works well. I love the fact that it has a larger internal memory. Great! thanks

I did not buy this exact phone but I wanted to write a review about it because I am so impressed with it. Before getting my Samsung Galaxy s3 I had a iPhone 3gs. I was having a lot of problems with my iPhone even though I kept the updates current and tried my best to baby it when it was acting up. I was kind of over the whole iPhone thing so I decided on this phone. From day one I was so impressed with this phone I couldn't be more happy. The screen is bigger than what I was use to but I don't think it is too big. The screen is also very clear and the colors are very vivid. I am still learning all the fun little tricks you can do on this device but overall I think it is very easy to use. I was worried a little bit about the app store for an android phone but to tell you the truth it has all the apps I loved on my iPhone and some great new ones that I love using. If you are debating on a new phone this is a great phone to consider. I know some places certain colors and how much memory the phone has changes the price. So if you decide on this phone I would suggest getting the cheapest color because you most likely are gonna put a cover on it right!? So it doesn't really matter what the color is. Also I would suggest getting the least memory if it is cheaper than the higher ones because you can always add a card for more memory which is a lot cheaper than paying for more memory on your phone. If anyone has any questions on using the phone I would be happy to give my opinion and answer the best I can.

fast delivery the phone was as seen i love it cant seem to want to put it down however the phone didn't come with 8G as it is said on the online was a little disappointed

This team also presents being rebuilt failures overheating .. buy it from Venezuela to get here and notice that the phone is not overheated and the battery lasted 3 hours .. or bring it to a technician and equipment failures with fuemte precentaba of q power and tube repair on my own ...not at all recommend this article ..

As far as the functioning of the phone- it is everything I expected/ needed. I knew the battery life was going to be a bit of an issue. I have to charge this phone every day. My previous phone would last 3-4 days before needing a charge. I do have to say I use this more often. The only concern I would have to relay is that I did not receive the exact phone I ordered. I received a white S3 instead of the blue. I am concerned about the white looking 'dirty' over time from use.., but what doesn't.

this product was not advertised correctly I was under the assumption it was from America and actually was for Germany. I never got to use the product and I still have it and cant  use it in the usa so not very happy

Is the smallest of the family, but has an incredible functionality. Is fast and there is a lot of application for him.  But the most important thing is his price, it is less expensive than other cellphones that doesn't have his same qualities.

Great, fast and nice phone . It works very well with the carrier Movistar in Venezuela! I very happy. Recomended it

If you're looking for a top of line or state of the art phone, keep looking.  If you're wanting to find a cheap, basic Android phone, keep looking.But if you're looking for something in between, the SIII Mini fills that space nicely.  With the same size screen as current iPhones, there it is big enough to be easy to use, but small enough to still fit nicely into a pocket.  Processing power is good enough for the apps I use, video playback, etc.  In short, this little phone will do everything for a reasonable price.My only complaint is that audio levels through the earbuds when playing video are a little low.

The phone does everything the original galaxy 3s does but it just small sizes. I bought it for my girlfriend she loves it. The only thing she complain battery wears out quick.

Excellent! Although the phone did not include the adapter for 110v in latin america. But the rest was in perfect conditions

The samsung Galaxy S III mini is excellent!! beautifull, fast and easy to use.Great resolution and good size. Excllent!

Fast deliveryGood PriceS3mini is fastSealedbright screenFast Battery chargeConsSound is poorhangs and you have to restartWIFI reception is too short, my Galaxy ACE S5830 has better receptionCheap back coverGuides is neither in English nor SpanishAC/DC European, not bring the adapter.Resume:If you're a smartphone addict this phone is not for you, there are better options on the market.

It was a very good decision,  gift to my wife who love it!Recommend to all who want a medium size smartphone.

If you need a cell just to chat, send e-mails and play time to time, this is a great cell.

It works as great advertised. It's just the right size for me, is affordable and compatible with GSM networks in the Caribbean.UPDATE Feb 2014: the phone continues to work great; I really do love it no complaints with the phone itself. The problem is the battery - a week and a half ago the battery started draining very quickly unexpectedly (I bought the phone in July 2013) - it would go from 100% to almost zero in 2-3 hours. I turned it off one night at 100% charge and in the morning it had completely drained. Luckily the problem was indeed the batter and not phone itself because the new battery works fine and the phone continues to work great. It was very disappointing to have had to buy a replacement battery within just 6-7 months.

It's a great cell phone if you want a throw away but at that price it's not for me.  Don't try to update the OS on this phone because if you have a problem Samsung US doesn't support it.  Samsung International won't support it either unless you are in Europe.  That information is not disclosed by Amazon or the seller.  The only thing that Amazon can do is take it back and give you a refund which they did in my case.  Beware of all unlocked cell phones that are International.

I'd recommend this phone to anyone interested in a small, light smart phone.I bought a new oneThank you

I travel a lot between different countries, so I needed a phone what would work with any carriers ( unlocked) so I do not spend fortune on roaming charges. This one does this job.It is a gorgeous phone for a very affordable price.  Does everything what I need and, the most important, IT FITS IN MY POCKET! :) .You can easily remove/disable applications that you don't need and add the ones that you may need from Google/Samsung stores. It  came with USA adapter and original EU plug. As this phone is not destined for USA market initial language was German with easy instructions how to switch it to English included in the box. Very realiable seller, too.

Excelent phone. The size is perfect. The software os very friendly. I recomend it. Samsung is the best brand. I am happy whit my new phone

I like this phone!!! The size and functionalities are awesome and the navegation is full speed on wireless and mobile connection.Cons: Don't have an exclusive camera button, but is replaced by a start page widget that's OK.

Love the 4&#34; screen, I've come from 3.2&#34; then 3.7&#34; so the extra size is great, yet the phone feels no bigger.  Very slim and light, yet battery life is pretty good.  Just bought an Anker hi capacity battery from Amazon so be interested to see if that improves things even more.Jellybean operating system seems stable and quick, although I have the phone's energy saver on which probably slows down processor speed I suspect, yet still works nicely.

Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS, is a good option if you like Samsung cellphones and you dont have enough money to buy the latest one, for sure is a great purchased i made here. I recomended it.

Both products are damaged. I made the claim and I never had this intermediate response one of the products has damaged the motherboard, I Samsung confirmed in Argentina the other product is seriously flawed when the battery charge I would have to have even a guatdo aexplicacion but never answered me

I bought this item from Samsung, and i get a phone without an original box and i am pretty sure it is a refurbished phone.HATE IT.Also, i cant change it because i do not live in USA, and i cant send it back.I do not recommend  them.

Good product for the medium cost of a S3 or an Iphone. I recommend the product and the seller. The feedback is OK. The seller helped me with a problem I had.

I received an international version of the Mini. Once I selected English language, everything worked.  The down-side is the wall plug is European (240 volt?) and the manual was in French.  Looking on-line for the manual proved difficult since AT&T; just re-released the SIII Mini with upgrades and the manuals claim features that are not included with the Mini that I received.Good: Works great on Straight Talk (regular SIM, not micro). No problem setting it up once I realized the online instructions didn't match the slot I was looking for (I was looking at installing the SIM in the microSD slot).  Watched a YouTube video showing how to install both and everything worked great.I'm impressed with several of the installed Samsung apps (S Planner).  I wish I could get the same on my wife's Nexus 4.Bad:  Samsung does not recognize my phones MEI number, so I can't use any of the Samsung sync features.  Reviews of Kies advised me to stay away from it.Overall impression:  I'd do it again.

Great phone, one of the best, if not the best I ever used! In the past, I owned BIG SCREEN PHONES as Galaxy Note (with 5.3&#34; screen, too heavy and too big) and wanted something smaller that I could hold in one hand comfortably. Since I am a true techie, I researched this phone for all specs as soon as it was released on several websites. Since this phone has EXCEEDED all of my expectations, here is my very detailed review of this very special and fun to use Mini S3 phone. My goal in this review is to help in your buying decision one way or the other regarding this phone.PROS:- SIZE AND WEIGHT: Perfect size for me as it fits easily into my jeans pocket or smallest purse. And I purchased a leather vertical case that clips to my waistband so I take it with me to the gym to listen to my music or radio when I work out.- STANDARD SIZED SIM CARD: The S3 Mini has a standard Sim card slot (unlike the full sized S3 that has a micro Sim slot). Good to know as I did not have to cut my Sim card, I just placed it into the S3 Mini and I was good to go, and I did not have to set up the APN settings for Internet and MMS as the setup did this for me automatically). This is good to know if you want to use your regular Sim card and not have to deal with settings yourself. What a great feature.- Phone call clarity etc. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc. I even had to turn down the volume quite a lot as the calls come in so well.- WiFi/3G (Internet): Connects to any WiFi I have tried very quickly and easily and the signal strength is excellent even when I am far from my router. And when not near a WiFi hotspot, I use AT&T; for data and easily get 3G and found the data to be very fast, almost as fast as my home WiFi is. (For browser, I installed Opera Mini free from Playstore and found it to be a very easy to use and fast browser).- Overall speed, performance, smoothness, picture quality of the screen--very fast and peppy. And I found a way to SAVE on both memory and on battery. What I did was to go into Apps/ Manage Apps and DISABLED the apps I don't use. Without rooting the phone, you cannot uninstall pre-installed factory apps, but you can disable them. Disabling the ones you don't use makes the phone run faster and frees more memory! Since I am a techie, I know which ones to disable and which ones not to disable, so if in doubt, please ask me in the comments and I will be glad to assist you in this.- BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the BEST battery life of ANY smartphone or that I ever owned. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi or Data just when I need it and then turn it off, I get all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning).- EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone!And I placed a 32g in mine for music, files etc. *Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices (including Samsung) work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.- INTERNAL STORAGE SPACE:This phone is advertised at 8GB of Internal space. The 8GB is the space BEFORE the drive was formatted, OS installed and then factory apps installed. So what I had on the phone BEFORE I installed any apps it had 4.75GB left. This is how it is on any flash drive, SD card, Hard Drive as formatting alone takes up space.Also, since 3.0 Android and above, you cannot save any apps to your personal SD card. Instead the apps are installed one way or the other to the INTERNAL SPACE. However, the good thing is that your personal files as photos, music, videos, and more can be installed to your EXTERNAL SD Card so you do have that space for yourself.**I have a few apps I downloaded from the Playstore, but no games so I still have about 4.08 GB left on my phone for more apps later should I wish to install them.- Reading/Creating/Editing Word, Excel, Text Files and much more on this tablet: I downloaded a FREE APP called Kingsoft Office which I use for Office files (it reads, edits and creates Office files). And it also reads PDF eBooks so there is no need to download a separate PDF Reader app. *This is a MUST have if you have to read PDF or Word Docs etc, my docs are crisp and clear using this app.- CAMERA - The 5MP camera concerned me that is UNTIL I took both indoor and outdoor pictures and even video. Well, I was pleasantly surprised. When I printed out some close up and other shots, I was really happy with the detailing in the pictures. And it compared to the picture quality I had with my Samsung Galaxy Note with 8MP camera, so what a happy surprise! Turns out to be a pretty good camera.- Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.CONS:- Adobe Flash is not supported in this phone or ANY ANDROID DEVICE after 4.0 OS. The only way to get flash is to get a archived flash and use a high end browser such as Puffin or Maxthon Browser. So downloading the older archived flash gives the ability to view SOME internet videos, but this is better than no flash at all. Keep in mind this is a problem with ALL brands of Android devices with 4.0 OS and higher it is just after 4.0 Android came out, the NEW and best flash is NOT supported for Android devices. It is what it is...- Very small instruction &#34;manual&#34; provided with the tablet, however, I went to the Samsung site and downloaded the full manual and saved it in PDF on my laptop for reading anytime I need it. If you want the link for the manual, let you know in the comments and I will give it to you.- This phone will NOT accept an OTG (On the go) USB plug for flash drives, mice, etc. This was not a problem for me, I just plug in the USB Cable to copy files to the phone. So no big deal.-- International Phone so NO US WARRANTY. Not a problem for me because I have learned over time that if a device is going to fail, it usually does it within the first 30 days. This phone has been great--no problems at all!-- No NFC except on the model with the N on the model number. I do not use NFC so I have no problem with that.Bottom line: Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes I certainly would. Will this phone be the best for you? Yes, if you do not expect every bell and whistle feature from the BIG S3, want just the most important features, want a smaller and more lightweight phone that will do all the basic things of a Smartphone, then I totally recommend this phone!Hope this review has assisted you and thank you for reading it. Please feel free to ask me any questions in the comment area and I will answer all questions in a very timely manner.

19/10/2013 - Espa&ntilde;ol: hola, mi compra fue un fraude total. Compr&eacute; un supuesto nuevo tel&eacute;fono ... pero se utiliz&oacute; el que ellos me enviaron. Cuenta con un sello azul por debajo del n&uacute;mero IMEI.Al llegar a Venezuela pude ver que el cargador no es el original y la bater&iacute;a no es. Estoy muy desepcionado de mi compra en amazon.com2013-10-19 - English: hello, my purchase was a total fraud. I bought a supposedly new phone ... but the one they sent me was used. It has a blue stamp below the IMEI number.Arriving in Venezuela I could see that the charger is not the original and the battery is not. I am very desepcionado of my purchase on amazon.com-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------29/09/2013 - Espa&ntilde;ol: El equipo tiene problemas con la carga de la bater&iacute;a... es lo unico que no me ha gustado, espero no encontrar otro defecto. De lo demas, el equipo es excelente y funciona perfecto! en lo que respecta a los accesorios... no contenia el adaptador del cargador, aunque al parecer ese cargador no ha resultado bueno para los usuarios del Samsung s3 mini. Gracias"2013-09-29 - English: The team has problems with battery charging ... is the only thing I did not like, I hope I find another defect. Of the rest, the team is ecxelente and works perfect! with regard to accessories ... contained no charger adapter, but apparently that magazine has not been good for users of Samsung s3 mini.

I am using the phone for a few days now. I bought it from another site though I belive the seller also sells the phone in amazon. The unlocked phone I received had default settings in french (had language set as french and temp as celcius). The box also had the samsung website address for french (/fr). It was easy to go to settings and change these.Phone has all standard features. Browsing is fast and is able to find and connect to wifi fast. Phone is great overall.

Because I find their service excellentI think the worst is the waiting but I understand that is necessary.I recommend it to everyone who can use it. I think it's great

there were problems with the battery.  if the battery is used up, it will not recharge.  i had to buy a separate charger to recharge the battery outside of the phone.

I would like to thank the person that stole my Blackberry!!!! No, seriously, I had a Blackberry for 21 months and STILL couldn't figure out its functions. Everytime I thought I had, it would do something different. My contract wasn't up, so I had to pay full price for this phone, but I would do it again. I can't believe how easy this one is to operate, most functions actually make sense. Something I didn't have on previous "Smartphones". I love the size and weight, especially compared to the Blackberry, the screen is crystal clear. Battery seems to perform well. I do advise getting a gel case for it immediately I don't know how much "abuse" this one can take. It doesn't feel cheap, but it appears it would be realatively delicate. If you bounce your phone off the wall daily, this one probably is not for you. So far, so good for me. I ordered a  gel case when I ordered the phone only to find out later it was being sent from Hong Kong. Buyer beware. I don't know how you are supposed to know that when you place your order. I couldn't figure a rhyme or reason to it and only found out when I "tracked" the order.  Oh well, it will be here by the 4th of July and I will certainly celebrate.(Great phone!)

Excellent product: the Samsung S3 Mini arrived on time, very good. Much faster than an Iphone 4 and 5. There really people who criticize these teams but I say why pay more for Iphone when this wonder does the same and much faster. the resolution of the camera is excellent, the display screen and the application load is 2 times more effective and faster than any other tel (iPhone, LG, HTC. etc)between an iPhone 5 and Samsung: the best team in the personal in screen resolution, density, recording, video, the Samsung is the winner.Works for Venezuela (Movistar, Digitel and Movilnet) 3G perfectly.Works for Ecuador, Colombia, Chile, Peru. etc.I recommend, is pefect and the relationship of the price is much better

beautiful but it have a trouble with charger, some times doesn't work. I don't know why?? please, it's a new phone.

all was fine, in especial the product didn't have any problems and the delivery time was perfect tank you good look with your bissness

I was skeptical of getting a phone online, but this was exactly the phone I needed. The phone is AWESOME and the store people that I have showed this too one have not ever seen one and two are way jealous!! They loved it... Phone was brand new and came in the original box with all the materials (USB, Charger (This came with an international plug as well), ear phones.. etc) Could not have gone better. I saved a fortune over the retail stores. I set this up with Straight Talk and it is fantastic... Saving a fortune over contract providers... Takes a little legwork, but well worth the effort. Just do not expect any help from the retailers. One tried to tell me I was committing a felony... HAHAHA! Idiot.. This is a factory unlocked phone, this is not illegal, so do not believe them... It is only illegal to unlock a carrier provided and sponsored phone!!! Needless to say I walked out and did not buy anything from them...

Honestly I was afraid of receiving something different than what I saw online however I was very happy when I got it. Actually both my husband and I each got one we love it

Really impressed with the screen size. Out of the box it was so easy to use. I didn't have to get any help or google anything.

VERY GOOD. NOW IT IS A QUESTION GIVE TO STUDY AND TO SEE IT SINCE THERE WORKS THE REST OF THE APPLICATIONS THAT THESE PRODUCT OFFERS AND THAT FOR THIS SECOND PURCHASE I COULD NOT HAVE CHECKED BECAUSE NEWLY. LOOKS FOR IT ON TUESDAY IN LIBERTY EXPRESS OF VENEZUELA

I did not use the phone so l cannot say much. But it's too tiny a cellphone for me. I thought l was buying a bigger phone and made a mistake to pick this. The seller is a good business person. Shipping was the fastest I ever had in many years.

I purchased this for my mother, she loves it. It arrived on time and just as described. Great phone, not too big and tons of features.

pretty okjust what i wantedI recomended it allnice pricevery functional in the sizeIm so happy

Everything worked perfectly. I have been using it for 4 months. The only thing that happend was when I dropped it to the floor I had to restart it because otherwise I could not unlock it. I recommend it.

I like it because it has the lenght i need for a cell.It is easy to carry,  I love the color.And it has and excelent brand.

Samsung Galaxy III is very nice phone  & I recommend to have this, Working great,  I am really liked  it.

I use it until now and I love it. The unique bad thing is the battery. It didn't work anymore after 10 months.

it is fast and reliable. Good service . I would recommend it to anyone looking for a sleek , new design. apps easy to download no connectivity issues so far. love it

As an international and unlocked phone, there are 4 additonal steps to set up your phone.  You must set up the language, etc / Purchase an American Charger / Buy a Sim Card from your carrier / And set up the 3G settings to match your carrier.  Absolutely worth it for the savings, and an AWESOME phone.  It has a lot of space and is very fast!!  Dual Core, Wonderful Antennae inside!  I have the same Service Provider (and using the same Towers) as I did with my old droid, but my 3G and Service are miles better!!  5 stars!!

excellent phone came in perfect condition with all delighted and in love with this phone accessories I recommend it one hundred percent ...

El Samsung esta en excelente estado, cumpli&oacute; con los par&aacute;metros que se esperaban, y se cumpli&oacute; la fecha establecida de envio

ordered this on valentines day and received it on the 19th. the product was in good working order and connected seamlessly with the Tmobile network here in Georgia (USA). the box still had the factory sticker on it and was brand new. the phone is fast and very fluid. set up was easy and the battery came 56% factory charged. i am extremely pleased with the vender and i will be purchasing a different phone in the near future from this vendor.

I  love my Samsung Galaxy S III Mini.  It is the perfect size for me.  Great speed like it's brother Samsung Galaxy S III.

International version came with no English instructions, metric settings.  Fortunately, English manual is available on the internet and is very user friendly.  Use for basic services excellent.  Games/video downloads? I don't use it for that.

Phone operates with very minimal to no lag with normal day to day use. It has a nice, clean user interface, running the latest android os. I'm a bit disappointed at how inferior the overall housing feels though, especially the battery cover. It's a good buy overall though and i'd recommend it to anyone looking for a nice, mid-range priced smartphone.

I realy like it. Right size & performance for this level of smartphones. Just the color i would like to have a black one.

Excelent product, cames in good condition and complete new, the seller answer me all my questions right on time.The only thing that i found for the Latin American people about this product, is that don't have the spanish option for the language. And the AC charger for the cellphone is different, you must buy an special adapter to connected.In general is a great product

Charger not working. I am using a charger from my old phone. The packaging looks it has been opened before. The charger came in a ziplock back similar to the sandwich bags from walmart. The instruction manual looks photocopied. Several pages are not legible. Very disappointed with the seller. The phone is working though.. but because of the packaging quality I am almost questioning if I received a genuine Samsung or not...Update dec 22nd- I am reducing the rating to one star as the phone developed a new problem. It shuts down an restarts at random. The battery is holding the charge, but it shut downs automatically three or four times a day. Totally disappointed with the purchase.

Thank and good job thanks again for all your help to find what we need her thanks medo I hope to

This is a wonderful and lightweight alternative. I used for sometime and I could not find anything wrong. This is my first official Android phone and I love it.

Came on time and works perfectly. I love the rapidity mostly and it's everything I wanted, I am very satisfied

Bought it as a gift. The recipient is STILL grinning from ear to ear! Couldn't have done better if I tried!

This phone has been everything it was advertised to be. Not to large, with all the bells and whistles and battery life is better than expected.

my new cell is going well so far hopefully continue well, is easy to use, I like, I recommend. ok

Very good phone, just the right size (not too big), rather fast, all the regular connectivity.The only issue is the camera which is not high-end but if it is not important for you this phone will do the job.

It's a nice cell phone and I'm very satisfied. Comfortable for your pocket, easy to carry on everywhere and software is fast.

It is smaller than I imagined but it's pretty good. That was my only concerned otherwise it works and has all those apps...

Phone arrived on time and as described. My husband needed a new phone and for the price and quality of phone we are very happy, only had it about a week but so far so good.

This phone fits my needs ... great product. Right size, right price, great features and capabilities (at least to me).

I bought it for my friend and now i want one for me, it's fast, nice looking, powerfull and slim

Excellent phone, very good price, right size , came well wrapped and protected . I love my purchase. it recommende. Excelente Telefono, buen precio,  buen empaque de envio lo recomiendo!!

Also the battery came along seems to have abit issue, I have been charging it all night and still shows 96% full in the morning. However the process is speedy and display is really enjoyable. I would definitely consider keeping it if the language issue is resolvable.

I got this phone as a Christmas present from my boyfriend. I looked up the reviews and did my research which is the only reason I bought the dang thing: the reviews were/are great.  The phone arrived Dec 18-20 I dont really remember exactly and I put the straighttalk SIM card in it and activated it. No problem. Then I went to use it and the data doesnt work....something about APN settings?? so I have only been able to use the internet on the phone at home when I have wifi but then its just like whats the point because I have my laptop. Well I figured I could learn to live without data while Im out and about but then it wouldnt let me receive picture messages either even when connected to wifi at home. NOT gonna work. So once again I gave the little phone the benifit of the doubt. Well about a week ago it quit receiving calls! it doesnt ring, display that there is an incoming call NOTHING! It rings on the end of the person calling me or throws them straight to voicemail like the phone is off. For a person with a small growing business and horses not being able to receive phone calls is a really bad thing!! I would NOT recommend this phone to anyone.

Im Returning this because it randomly calls people as soon as I end a call and something is wrong with the volume it changes so much on its own sometimes its so quiet I have to have it on speaker and even when its on speaker its barely louder then when not. and the person cant understand me bc I still have it up to my face. The Bluetooth doesn't work half the time. What a rip off!!

The online purchase and the sending process were excellent and the phone works very well in my country (Venezuela) ... the only thing I did not like and which formalized my discontent is:. - No it came included Headphone. - The battery is not Original. - The car charger is not original.OK for everything else ...greetings,

lo recomiendo al 1000%, tanto el producto como el vendedor, son excelentes, tal como lo esperaba, gracias. muy veloz y liviano

Great purchase! I was not sure about buying a cell phone on-line, but I am extremely satisfied with my cell. Thumbs up!

A cheaper product than S3 and S4 but with all the benefits of Android 4.1. Excelent purchase for the cost with all apps available for S3. This is my second purchase of the blue model, this one for my wife who is getting rid of a troglodite Blackberry Curve 9320.

Not so big, is fast, and enough memory space, the only negative point is for the battery that needs to be charg 3 times on a day

I just received this phone from this vendor BLUTEKUSA and found that the charger is for the UK. I didn't even remove the protection film or install the battery. This is an International version and the warranty will not be honored in the US! I'm returning it tomorrow.So sad since I really think this is a great product, just a shady vendor.

The phone is excellent, but it has two features that do not work. The led lights that indicate when messages are being received or have been received do not work and the battery lasted only a few weeks. I had to buy a new battery within three weeks of having bought the phone.

Pros:-Solid-changeable battery-micro sd slot-good Touchscreen-Good hardware (CPU and RAM is more than enough for most games etc.)-cheap-the perfect size for a normal hand-cool designCons:-a little bit thicker than S3 (also hardware is not as good)-I would prefer black over blue, but that is personal taste-It is hard to transfer apps etc. to the micro sim-Android 4.1I love this phone and totally recomend it.

I am not satisfied because the Samsung Galaxy s 3 mini that i bought can't read micro sd. I would like to know what can i do if i live in Venezuela.

This phone is really nice, I was looking for a mid-range smart phone and this seemed perfect for me. After a lot of research and comparing its specs with other brands I decided to buy it.(If you live in Venezuela keep reading 'till the end)I always has been a Sony Xperia user but I wanted to upgrade quickly. As you might know, the Xperia series is an amazing multimedia device, sounds great and their screens are beautiful.So, with that in mind I'll mention something important about this Samsung:1) The internal memory is only 4.5 Gb2) The phone hasn't a sensor to adjust the brithness automatically, I have to adjust it manually everytime.3) The sound quality of the built-in speaker and it's included earbuds are mediocre, they sound a bit loud, but that's it, the equalizer does not help at all. By the way, I have a pair of sennheiser headphones/earbuds and they do not work with the phone, the headphone jack is 3.5 mm but it appears to be constructed only to work properly with the included headphones.4) It doesn't have a light to tell when there's a unreaded message or to tell if the phone is charging or not.5) The quality of calls are just ok, sometimes I can't ever hear the other person talk.6) The battery life is very short, I have to charge it everyday for 2-3 hours minimun.7) Everything says &#34;Made in China&#34;, The phone, the battery, the earbuds... everything!Aside from these cons, the phone is a great mid-range device...P.S. (Spanish):En Venezuela no levanta 3G con Digitel, no se si con Movistar o Movilnet tampoco porque no he probado a&uacute;n. Lo compre a &#34;ShopVius&#34; por si les da curiosidad. El que levanta 3G con Digitel es el GT8190 y este es el GT-8190L

I had the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 now I use the Note 3 and they are hands down the absolute best phones I ever used.  So when my sister asked me to get her a phone that was a bit cheaper and smaller than mine going Samsung was a no brainer.  I looked at reviews both on Amazon and Youtube of this unit (Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190) and decided it would be the best fit for her.  She&#8217;s had it now for the past 5 months and loves it! Its small size makes it easy to carry around and tuck away plus it performs beautifully.  So it&#8217;s yet another great Samsung product and I would strongly recommend it for someone who is looking for a small device at a reasonable price range but not compromising on quality and performance.

Me encantaaa.. excelente tel&eacute;fono.. buena resoluci&oacute;n de la pantalla, excelente c&aacute;mara... es una gran smartphone. LLeg&oacute; a la fecha provista, muy responsables!!...

I bought this phone based on price and product & seller ratings but although it has some great features and capabilities, I unfortunately had to return it after discovering several issues while using it for almost a month.  Luckily, Amazon handled the return.1.)  The phone is listed on Amazon as an 8GB model but the one I received was only 4GB.2.)  It's listed as an unlocked GSM phone. It is an unlocked T-Mobile phone but as for GSM, that's only technically correct.  It worked with a contract AT&T; SIM card and a pre-paid T-Mobile GSM SIM card but they only allow EDGE.  They do not allow 4G or 3G GSM speeds.3.)  Very weak signal strength (0 to 1 or 2 bars when holding it, 2 to 3 bars when set down).I ran four different speed tests on it from the same location.TEST #1 - GS3 with T-Mobile SIM and 2 bars reception (we've never had more than 3):Ping: 1,043 ms, Download: 92 Kbps, Upload 43 Kbps.TEST #2 - GS3 with AT&T; SIM and 3 bars reception:Ping: 1,018 ms, Download: 128 Kbps, Upload: 45 Kbps.TEST #3 - GS3 with AT&T; SIM and 5 bars reception:Ping: 822 ms, Download: 206 Kbps, Upload: 210 Kbps.TEST #4 - GS3 with on Wifi to ensure it didn't have an internal problem:Ping: 40ms, Download: 24,217 Kbps (24.22 Mbps), Upload, 6,016 Kbps (6.02 Mpbs).For comparison purposes, I ran these tests using the same SIM cards from the same location but in an old iPhone 3GS.TEST #5 - iPhone 3GS with AT&T; SIM and 3 bars reception:Ping: 255 ms, Download: 3,140 Kbps (3.14 Mbps), Upload, 10 Kbps (6 Mbps).TEST #6 - iPhone 3GS with on WiFi:Ping: 48ms, Download: 8,650 Kbps (8.65 Mbps), Upload, 5,120 Kbps (5.12 Mpbs).(The iPhone is locked so I couldn't test it with the T-Mobile SIM in it and, I skipped the 5 bar reception test because it can't get 5 bars at this location).4.)  Constantly drops calls and is unable to connect many times even in a major city near many cell towers.5.)  Very short battery life, sometimes less than a day even when not used for calls or data.6.)  It came with a German language instruction booklet and a German carrier's bloatware that was unusable since it wasn't connected through them and they're in German instead of English.

Received it on time. The phone works with my t-mobile. I got it because I don't have a data plan. I use my wi fi and hot spots. Works great love it. Good price.

It's my first android and I'm pretty satisfied, you can run any application. the phone is ergonomic and has a spectacular design

Revised:  Big issue, doesnt' charge properly or recognize that it is charged when it is.  It's a software issue and since its an international phone, I do not believe there is a warranty claim I can make on this.  I'm nursing it along for months now, factory reboots, re booting by removing the battery, I have nursed it back to  85% reliability from 40% reliable.  Will never buy another international phone again.  It's technology and when it breaks, you are on your own.  Should have bought the Apple 4S to get this form factor.  10-30-2013Still learning the ins and outs of my first smart phone, sad and glad I got the mini, nice form factor, but I've seen the S3 and Note and wow, what a screen!  Anyway, I know mine will survive skiing, rollerblading, etc, with less drops because I can pocket the mini much more conveniently.  I found the HH Hand Held Devices cases work great and a holster made for iPhone 4's work pretty damn good.  Fits nicely.  The phone call quality is great, data side works smoothly, touch screen is good, but tough for texting, Blackberry keyboard was much nicer with it's tactile feedback.  Battery life is fair, seems to be improving with use and some juice saving measures, don't use GPS and WiFi when not needed, get black screen background.  Lower screen light level when indoors, but DO put it up to maximum when outdoors in order to see in sunlight. (still a little tough, need to be in shade).  Wish it had a notification light like Blackberry, have to press buttons to see status on this one. It's ok, you get used to it pretty quick, but can't see status from across room if you leave it on the kitchen counter.  One negative is too much bloat ware,  had to go to settings to Uninstall alot of it, still figuring out what else to dump.  Jelly Bean 4.1.2 works great, no problems so far. Oh yes, when I got the phone it started up in German, couldn't read it.....scary!...but go to YOuTube and search change S3 Mini language, it was pretty easy after that...Will update further in future, but 6 weeks in, I give it 4 stars. I paid 325 for it 2 months ago, is now 275.  You decide when you should buy it, obviously its coming down in price.

Very good price, but battery is not good enough, you have to recharge your battery every day.And it is not easy to buy accessary for this type of SAMSUN phone, because it is not popular now.

This phone was surprisingly packed with features and is more durable than I expected.It seamlessly synced up with my Google account and downloaded all of my apps that I had on my Android tablet and all of my Google and Facebook contacts. I didn't even ask it to, didn't know it could, it just did it. That made life easy.I also downloaded the Media Monkey app and was able to transfer my music library easily to the 32G card. No need for an ipod anymore.Durability - I don't have a case for it yet and it is a little slippery.The first day I had it I dropped it on my ceramic tile floor - no damage. A week or so later I almost fell down some steps outside my house. The hand I had to use to stop my fall had my unprotected cell-phone in it. The phone smacked a concrete ledge while I was gripping it and slid right on the corner with quite a bit of my 230 lbs on it. I thought the phone was done, expected a shattered screen or at least deep gouges on the back. Not a scratch.I owned a cell-phone store for 17 years and would highly recommend the S III Mini.The only drawback is some of the operation isn't quite intuitive enough. I.E. I didn't know my alarm was off and was getting up for work. It doesn't tell you it is off or on, you would have to know that if the clock icon is green, it is on, if it is black, it is off. It also took me like 2 days to figure out where some messages were going and why alerts were happening. I'm sure it is all in the manual but simple words like off/on, press here for message etc. would be nice. I'm not a fan of ambiguous icons.The only other complaint is the speaker when listening to music is not very loud, even on the headset. Plugged in to my home or car stereo it Rocks though. I am going to try an amplified headset and see how that works.I had a couple of iphones for years and bottom line is I thing this phone easily outshines them and won't hold your music hostage.

buy this phone because of its versatility. Your camera allows for photo quality, having front and rear camera. It is released and works with all operators. Very good price, easy to handle. It's great and I recommend it.

Like it a lot and it's the new trend at school even better and I really like the capacities plus the blue goes with everything

The phone stopped working the first day I purchased it. It worked fine for a day or so using the wi-fi. After I got a sim card for it and inserted it, the phone would not turn on. The buttons were illuminated, but the screen remained black. Factory reset and removing the battery were of no help, so I had to return it. Amazon's customer service was amazing and I got my full refund (including shipping) right away, so at the end of the day no harm done. Maybe the unit I received was defective

this device is the worst I've purchased in the last 20 years, it seems, is rebuilt, the box came with the phone, charging cables, one does not work, the home key either, not as may mislead people with this type of sale, 0 points for amazon and sellers

It came on time, and it had everything that was described on the add.I have not had problems since I bought it.

My expectations have been fullfiled by this phoneThe androind system and the processor make it fastHas all the apps an iphone has

Another present to my sister who had never tried a samsung until she gets this one. She litterally fell in love with the phone and wondered why was she wasting her time with other smart phone...I just told her &#34;to each his own&#34;.

It was exactly as the picture and as I imagined it. I am very happy with it and it's performance

SAMSUNG GALAXY ROCKS! I AM NOT A FAN OR LARGE PHONES SO THE MINI SURE WORKS OUT FOR ME. I AM ENJOYING EVERYTHING ABOUT MY NEW PHONE.

Great Product. Excellent cell phone. Nice Hostel quality. The battery charge is low. Android is versatile and fast. lightweight. I recommend.

I love this beautiful cellphone, very light, modern and fast. I recomend a lot that the people buy this cellphone,

I like it very much. I come from a NOKIA product and I like this very much. Only I miss the notification light and that I can't turn it off if I want the alarm to work

inside the box was the charger but when you connect the charger was in poor condition, has a defect which caused that harm

The Samsung Galaxy S III Mini is great. Easy to get started and use. So far, pretty durable after 1 drop.

This cell phone is all that I expected, I am very happy using it. Worked perfectly in Colombia. Thank you very much.

... so that if a vendor is unable to fulfill it then it isn't offered. The phone was not shipped for 4 days after purchase.  Site says they have the inventory. Not too bent out but a bit annoyed.ADDENDA. Finally got the phone  No complaints about the phone itself so farPhone arrived in factory sealed condition.All components present and accounted for. Battery for instance was a sealed in package Samsung stock battery. So that was fine.opened it up, added my old SIM card and battery, turned on and everything AOK. Power at 20% so charging as one should always do. Did not take long to charge to 50%.  Checked out a few things. got the bluetooth to talk with my plantronics, checked out a few things. Bit of a learning curve on my part although I do have the Kindle tablet that intro'd me to Android.Cute phone. Got the CIMO cover for it. Have more instructions to read. The S Voice looked nice but they want pretty much all of your information if you do. Not too comfy with that yet. Maybe later.  GPS not the paragon of precision although this may be a Google map issue. Showed the location to be about 500+ feet (about half a block) from actual location so would not use it for semi precise guidance. Tried the FM radio. Good for fairly strong stations.Big complaint about the phone loudness for the FM Radio. AUDIO LEVEL at lowest setting, 1, is TOO LOUD!!!! WTF!!!!! Do they have deaf people in their testing labs? Fer crying out loud I am 59, had my ears blown out by everyone from Steppenwolf to the Dead Kennedys in the basement of a student Co-op. This is ridiculous. Turning down system audio level does not help. Cannot use standard 3 contact stereo headphone jacks. Uses a 4 contact one.11/14/13Well just realized that the GPS probably hasn't been on most of the time I have used it. SO the question is the GPS broken or is it a function of the 4.1.1 OS. May upgrade to 4.1.2 manually.Several other things, this is a Brit version so no domestic support. with AT&T; that may include not upgrading the phone to 4.1.2  KIES won't do it because it has the wrong version of firmware. I hope it works because other than the GPS - my MAIN reason for purchase, this is a great smartphone.

My phone samsung I8190 cap screws that I bought was not shut down yesterday afternoon and does not ignite. I tried with another battery and it didn't work.

you can do a bit of everything on the device, it little more power and battery life would be good but its a great phone

It is a really good phone. I needed a good phone with the latest stuff from android, but did not have $400 to spend on it. The Mini was a good compromise. I have no regrets. Was even thinking of getting one for my wife, but she wants to wait for the &#34;S4 Mini&#34; I hope they make one for her, LOL

This phone is actually better than what I expected. I was a little bit doubtful when I first saw it but I'm extremely satisfied & I agree with the other reviews that the Samsung Galaxy S3 mini has nothing to envy of his bigger "sibling". I would highly recommend this phone to others.

the product have nothing in spanish  even the charger is europeambut in general it's a good product, i will buy again

I was about to purchase the mini until I read the part about no warranty. What? come again, you expect folks to dish out $230 for a phone that has no warranty? No thanks.

My wife's phone (an EVO) keep dropping service and would not accept rings, rather rolling over to voice mail immediately. At first we thought there was a problem with the service provider. We were given a second phone however it preformed the same as the first phone. We then received this Samsung Galaxy S 111 phone and it has been great. No more failure to ring and no dropped calls. We are convinced the issues were phone related and not service related. This is a true smart phone in all aspects. I use an iPhone and the first thing we tried was to locate an establishment. We both have 4g service. The Samsung outperforms the iPhone by a great margin. The screen is slightly larger and much more brighter. There are great apps, in fact more than you will ever need or use so don't let a competitor's brag about having lots of apps turn you off.The apps are easy to download and install. Everything that was on the EVO was easily transferred to the Galaxy. There are a limited number of incoming phone ring tones however you can download additional rings if there are none that suit you. We did find that with the sue of hearing aids the ring tones installed as somewhat weak and only a few can be turned up really loud.My wife uses the phone a  greta dal for texting and the larger key board makes that much easier on this phone. Providers may try to sell, you insurance on the phone which we found to be extremely high thus we did not purchase and with the amazing record we have with this phone so far that too was a very good decision.The cell phone is thin and slick thus I would highly recommend a plastic case cove for the phone to help with your grip.

s3 mini looks nice its perfect do everthing like the &#34;father&#34; i recommended for buying . n i c e

great...!

The only problem is that the original language of the phone is Russian (I think) you need to go thru screenshots in the internet to understand what you are doing and change the default language. It also comes with an odd AC charger, but you can buy an adapter in Frys for less tan 2 dollars.Really international, works perfect with a TELCEL chip in M&eacute;xico.

The phone was in the Ice Land language which I do not speak. I found a &#34;how to&#34; video on youtube to change it to english but it was a problem. If I order something from a company in the America I expect it to be in the written language of English and if its not going to be in English it should be labled properly. Simply stating International version is not adeqaute and had I not been able to change it to English I would have made sure I got my money back

Def loved this phone. Too many features to list. Bought a Net10 sim card package to use my phone. Used the AT&T; sim first it worked but the 3G wasn't available where I live but their network is strong here so couldn't understand why I wasn't receiving 3G. Replaced it with a T-Mobile sim and it works great.The sized of this phone is great. Love how thin it is and the vibrant colors of the screen. This phone works very fast and impressed with all the apps it has and the ones you can download. I just upgraded from a Huawei Ascend II and its a big improvement. Recommend this phone to every one.UPDATE:06.28.13The phone is great but there are some little issues been dealing with. The alarm on this phone sometimes doesnt work. Cant explain it either. It may give out 2 musical notes then shuts off by itsself. Wouldnt trust it if you're using it for a wake up alarm. I use my watch as a backup just in case the phone alarm doesnt go off.Also sometimes have to restart the phone cuz the 3G or 4G service will stop working. Unexplainable too. You will see the the data being sent but not being received back into the phone. So occasionally will have to restart the phone. Other than that it is still a great phone.

I got this phone because it was top rated on amazon, and I can see why it earned that reputation--it is a solid device. Immediately after ordering, however, I learned about LG's Nexus 4 (sold on Google's Play Store). The Nexus 4 has more than twice as powerful a processor, twice as much RAM, a screen that's almost twice as good, a camera that's about 1.5 times as good, and the latest version of android ready. The 8gb model is going for $300, and the 16gb model is going for $350 (remember to buy this device from the google play store, it's actually significantly cheaper than amazon). The only downside to the nexus 4 is that it has no sd card support, but if that's of no concern to you, I highly recommend it over this device.

Hello, the phone is great just what I need, however, sold it to my cell with 8 GBY supposedly came with 4 GB.Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS, Dual Core, Super AMOLED Touchscreen, 5MP Cam

IT'S PERFECT!!!!! I LOVE MY CELLPHONE A LOOOOOTTTTT.... WORKS PERFECTLY IN VENEZUELA..... IT HAS ALL THE APLICATIONS THAT I LIKE AND IT'S SO EASY TO USE

Phone became bricked four days after return window. Will not turn on, and plugging in to computer shows failed to load U8500 USB ROM in device manager. This essentially means the phone can't boot it's normal firmware, and has defaulted to the internal rom.

Excellent product, it works in my country Venezuela, I agree with the samsung galaxy s III mini. I highly recommend it.

In summary: Good phone if you come with midrange expectations, hopefully Samsung will include better specs next time around.Recently my iPhone didn't just crack, it shattered the very first time I dropped it. I've never been opposed to trying an android phone, just didn't want to commit 2 years and a large sum of money to something I could potentially hate, in addition I'm not interested in phones that are approaching the size of my face.  In short I've been quite impressed and the transition was simple as pie. This is not a competitor of the iPhone 5, the specs are just not there, this is a competitor of the iPhone 4S, so I will articulate the differences. At the time of writing this, the Galaxy S3 mini is a full $200+ cheaper (around 40% cheaper) than the iPhone 4S yet I feel nearly comparable in quality.Physical Size: The Galaxy S3 mini is nearly the same size as the iPhone 4S, minimally larger, even though it has a 4 inch screen vs. the iPhone 4S 3.5 inch. In fact, it's so similar, the Glaxy S3 mini fits into the phone sleeve I bought for the iPhone. I have medium sized hands (like, literally, I work in a lab and wear size medium latex gloves), and I think this is the perfect size, my thumb barely reaches the top left corner while still holding the phone securely (i.e. with the first knuckle of my other fingers). I hope they keep future models in the 4" (max 4.2") range, a 5" is just not necessary or comfortable to walk around with in your pocket.Display: Again, 4 inch display vs. 3.5 inch on iPhone 4s, though there are less pixels (480x800 vs 640x960, respectively, 38% less). You can look at this two ways, because you have a 4" screen, you "get" to hold it farther away, or because of the lower pixel density, you "have" to hold it farther away (without noticing the pixels). This just means you just don't get the same clarity if you want to examine something closely. That said, all you have to do is watch the video included in the Gallery of the phone to be wow'ed by the screen, the colors do pop and it looks very nice. Just when you are reading text, the pixels are noticeable, especially if you are accustomed to a "retina" screen.Responsiveness: iPhone users will know the responsiveness of the screen, when you move your finger it looks like you are pushing a coin across the table. On the Galaxy S3 mini, there is a tiny bit of delay, this is more noticeable when moving the finger fast. In addition, there can be some stuttering of the screen if it is processing/downloading something else. These don't detract much from the phone but hope are improved in the next generation.Transition: First of all, I would highly suggest SmoothSync (contacts + calendars). I have all my contacts and calendars set up in iCloud and this software brings them to the Galaxy S3 mini in minutes, turned a potential nightmare into a dream. Next, the above said, there are some features, both physical- and software-based, that make up for the limitations. It has NFC capabilities, you just have to buy a NFC SIM card from your provider, which may be the source of some confusion, there also appears to be talk of a version without NFC though the once I received does have it. They have not set up NFC with my local transportation system yet, so I haven't spent the $30 on the SIM card, will update if/when I do. There is a micro SD slot, so you can chose how much extra memory you want up to 32GB (the phone says 8GB but when I first started it had about 4.5GB free), if you need more room, you can easily expand which is not the case for the iPhone. For the software, it's small but the live wallpaper looks really cool and I think makes up for the lack of pixel density. You can turn off/on GPS/Wifi/Bluetooth, etc. very quickly, just swipe down from the top and tap the icon. I like having "widgets" such as the music player right among the app icons, instead of having to open the app to play music, as well as a number of other small things. Software interaction is pretty similar, just have to get used to using the "back" and "menu" keys in addition to the home button.In case anyone was wondering, yes this does work for me in Singapore on the M1 network.So, again, overall happy with the phone, I will likely upgrade in about a year when I don't have to pay a recontracting fee. I will keep an eye on this line and hope they make some changes in the next version. I feel like this is a trial balloon...they are testing to see customers are interested in "smaller" (still 4-4.2" screen), which I definitely am. Some things that could be/I hope are improved:-Screen: Should be at least in the 600x1024 range, at 4 inches, this brings the pixel density close to 300ppi (like that of the 'full size' galaxy s3).-Processor: Bump up the engine to address the minor lag issues.-LTE: I mean, by next year it should be a pretty standard thing to include on phones.These are straightforward improvements that are already included on the 'full size' Galaxy S3, and would make this baby brother highly desirable to a wide range of people.

This rating has more to do with the 3rd party seller than Amazon per se. I received the phone set to Spanish and I don't speak that language. I could not even intuit how to get to the language selection. Samsung got me back to English after about 10 minutes of messing around. I'm OK now but I was mighty unhappy initially.

I am very pleased with the product it was delivered in the time that they said it would and the phone was in great condition and I got all the accessories with so I would definitely purchase another

I bought this cell phone six months ago, and cell phone works well, but it comes with a style of Europe and adapter charger works very badly and I had to buy a new American style charger

If you are looking for a budget phone, this might be the one for you.I'm loving it. Battery life is pretty good.It lasts for one and a half day with regular use. no modifications (stock rom, no apps).I cant complain, I hope this baby lasts for a long time.I got it for 237$ unlocked. so it is a pretty good price

Unfortunately, mine arrived with a detective charger, so it only intermittently charged. When it did, it never went up quickly or to full battery power. Otherwise, as an apple/iPod user for years, I thought I would give Samsung and Android operating system a try, but found it noticeably delayed/slower and the resolution from the unit to camera not as strong.

Its a great phone! fast, responsive, and fluid movement. Only downside of the phone is 2 things it does feel a bit cheap so I would suggest a case and screen protector also the 8GB of storage which is really only like a bit above 5GB because android OS but that is why there are SD cards!

the phone was bought as new and the equipment did not work! served not the phone, I lost my money! not fall into the trap!

After I immediately bought the phone, I had buyers remorse, because I realized I could have gotten a phone with better specs like the Galaxy SII for a cheaper price, but since then I haven't had any problems with the phone. I've dropped it several times and its never broken, scratched or cracked(because I got a case for it) The only things I would say could improve are the Camera, and small storage only 8G.

Perfect...!

It is a wonderful gift. It is the best mobile phone that I have ever had. at the beginning it was a little complicated for me , but i already learned to use it and it is wonderful

Was debating between this product and the S III Mini in Titanium color but ended up going for this one because is the same store (Wireless Everything) where I previously bought my other unlocked cell phone.  The telephone is pretty cool, cannot find a problem with anything yet.Used this phone in Poland and Italy with no issues, just got local sim cards and immediately had service. Perhaps I must say that I had much better data service in Europe than here in the US. It runs faster and more reliable, that with the Tmobile network.

Did not satisfy my needs for a galaxy.  did not run like a galaxy. was not what I was expecting. I have seen the galaxy 3 mioni this definitely runs completely different than want it should,  different as in poorly

There isn't much to complain about with this phone.  It is a perfect size to be truly mobile (i.e. carry in your pocket) and is as large as it can be while still allowing access to the full screen with a single thumb (unlike the full sized S3).  The display is crisp and clear.  The rear speaker is amazingly clear and loud -- I can actually hear the navigation app while driving.  Also, the rear LED is amazingly bright, which can be quite handy for things other than taking pictures.  Battery life is great, easily lasting all day unless I use it VERY heavily.My complaints are pretty minor:- It would be nice if the display got brighter when using outside... but it is still acceptable.- I can't understand why Samsung left a trivial sensor like a light sensor out of this phone... but it really doesn't bother me since the display really doesn't get that bright anyway.- This phone *requires* a case.  By that I mean that it is simply too slippery to use successfully long-term without fumbling it and dropping it routinely.  The fact that it is sleek and slim doesn't help either, although that is certainly not a complaint.  Luckily, there is a very nice case for this phone that has great grip and doesn't add much bulk:B00AW692YW- It can be a little slow at times.  For example, pulling up the phone app often takes a couple of seconds.  For such a fundamental app, I would have hoped it would be better optimized.  Many other apps also take some time to open.  It isn't that bad, really, and doesn't generally bother me, but there is definite room for improvement.

Exactly what I wanted and it works great. As soon as I got it I put my SIM card in it and started to use it. Great choice. :)

I have been enjoying my new phone for 2 months now. It does every to that the full size galaxy does. I like the size better because its my phone not a phone / lap top  I don't need it to surf the web with ( but does a great job of it ) I like texting and reading my emails and loaded my music on And most of all a phone. Its fits nicely into my pocket and is just as fast with a clear picture screen.

I used to be a big fan of iphones, with their ease-of-use and huge app store.  Now I'm an even bigger fan of Samsung!I've had several Samsung phones over the years.  Most of them fell short.  But Samsung has gotten their act together and no longer competes with Apple, but instead, blows them out of the water!This phone's display was larger and much better than my iphone, though the phone itself is the same size - which is something I like! It's also lighter than an iphone.  And, since we're on the subject, I prefer the sleeker more rounded style of the Samsung. I also like the fact that you can upgrade (inexpensively) the memory.  It comes with 8GB, but I bought a 32 GB micro SD card for $20, and I now have a 40GB phone! One last comparison... The price! This is soooo much cheaper than an unlocked iphone.This phone is smaller than the regular Galaxy S III (hence, &#34;mini&#34;).  But still packs amazing features. It used a regular mini SIM card (not a micro SIM), and has a MicroSD slot inside (up to 32GB).The ease of use is wonderful and the style is great.I liked this phone so much, that after only 2 weeks of owning it, I bought one for my wife! (And she loves her's too!)FYI - This phone is an international phone. It came with a European charger, but had an American adapter.  You can also charge it via USB (included).  My two phones both were in a foreign language when first starting - One in French, the other in German. However the first thing in the set-up process was to choose a language. Very easy! I did have to get into settings to change from a 24-hour format to a 12-hour format, and change Celsius to Fahrenheit - both were very easy to do in &#34;Settings&#34;.This phone is unlocked and will work with GSM carriers (AT&T;, T-Mobile, etc... Not Verizon). I bought ours to use with Straight Talk. Easy set-up, easy access, GREAT PHONE!I just took a vacation and had no internet service... That is until I used this phone as a secure hotspot. The benefits keep adding up!Since this is not the regular Galaxy S III, I was worried about finding accessories.  No problem!  I found chargers (it uses a micro USB, like many other products), cases, skins, etc...If you need a phone, this is the best $300 you'll ever spend!!!

It was better than I expected, Samsung did a great job in this smaller version of the S3, it may not have the same specifications but it does meet my needs.

Fast shipping and the product was received in time could not ask for anything more. The FM radio helps and the 5 MP camera takes such good pictures. The price is not bad.

bought for my girlfriend. she is enjoying it. she says the only problem is the battery life which is short of expectation.

It's a cute phone but very slow loading aps. Texting is difficult. A couple of my keys are sticky. There are so many aps!

I bought two equipments and I had a bad experience. The batteries aren't originals, and one of them had signal problem.  the smartphones aren't really new!!!

It delivered faster than what I expected, came in a sealed box with all plastics and accesories and it was easy to start it. It worked for my carrier and it updated the software as soon as I turned it on. The battery lasts very long and I personally use my phone a lot througout the day. I would definately recommend this seller. Thank you so much!

I so much love it 'cos is portable. The color is nice and is working perfectly. In short, it met my expectation.

Excelent product and very puntual delivery. I highly recommend this product. The functions sre incredible and the camera has a very nice resolution. Great pictures and videosThanks

I find it easy to use, especially for someone who has never texted before. I have only had for a month but it seems to do everything right. GPS is awesome!

The phone is functional, excellent equipment, elegant and 100% faster recommendedThe only detail that is a team that brought the Spanish language preinstalled and has been quite difficult to change the language.

has a lot of storage space you can put it with basically any company and it works great. its not tiny its normal size which is good and its really cute has good quality with the pictures you take and is very fast. Also it isn't complicated to use. I think you can do pretty much anything with the phone.

super duper phone , and for less than 240 bucks . The S III mini is a best but if not an outright steal ! ( shhhhhh ! ) . This LITTLEbeauty has digested any task I have thrown at it with no hiccups . And without being a ridiculously bulky clumsy palm filling concrete  block . Front/rear facing cameras combined with simple and intuitive set-up and controls kind of make many fruit phones just seem like hi-dollar overkill . All that AND it fits unobtrusively in your shirt pocket .

Love the phone.  I wish I could stop my screen from blinking when I am not using the phone.  Perfect.

Perfect conditions and inmediately delivering. The cellphone it's really awesome, usefully and beautiful. Thanks! It is the best cellphone in the world :-)

I love the phone but, this article's price drop over $70 since i buy it on february. I live in Venezuela a country where you only have access to $400 a year. $70 are a lot to me i wish there was a way to recover part of the money

It is great, I ve been using it daily for more than a year an work perfectly, very fast and Play store offer many goord applications

Great product, bought it for my mom and she's in love with it. I recommend it for anyone who's on the go and love technology :D

Didn't work rigth when i jus got it..... so i have to take to techniciam who said was a rom problema so fix itbut is too sensitive to touch, when answer a call the screen starts to get crazy with the contact of my faceSo i bougth another one............ but it Works in venezuela

kinda expensive, but, its a good invest, so soon it comes the next galaxy, so soon I sell it twice of the price here in my country hahahahahahahahaha capitalistbbastard hahahahahahahaha

small, compact, very easy to use and with the necessary functions for my daughter. She is very happy with this phone.

I would like just to thank you for all......you are doing a great job and need to keep it on!

I simply love this phone.I also love the iPhone, so I wasn't sure I was going to like it at first.The phone is UNLOCKED as described and NEW. It did come with a US adaptor, which I won't use, but it's nice that it's there. The size is perfect and it's pretty simple to use.Not particularly impressed by S galaxy ( the correspondent of Siri), but that's not why I bought it!!It works perfectly on Wi-Fi, however I can't say anything about the 3G because I don't have a data plan. Calls and txts are fast and clear ( I have AT&T;).I hope it will last long.

The cellphone requiered an actualization and after that never started again, the cellphone was reviewed by Samsun agency approved in Venezuela and the technical person told me about the IMEI module was faulty and here in america is not posible change any piece of this phone because it was made in zcech republic and the piece is only available in Europa.  Please I need you help me about that and change the product. Thanks

why are the instructions in russian???? and why is the charger not a standard charger??? i really hope this phone works or i am returning it******update. the whole phone was in RUSSIAN so i had to reset it, google the words so i could translate it to find where settings and language were. smh lol 230 dollars and its not even in ENGLISH -_-

Very good product, i love it the s3 mini for samsung , Fast, and easy to use , i recomended this phone

I liked this phone I really did, the configuration felt right, the screen was clear with a good handle too it. The thing has horrible charging issues though, and random lockouts and crashes time to time. Now a month into having it, it's a brick that won't even respond to it's charger.I wish I had a clearer warning when I had bought it.

Good Morning Friend Buy Samsung I8190 Galaxy S 8GB Unlocked III Mini GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS but is blocked and can do

The phone I got from this seller is refurbrished, although it said it was new. The battery dosen't have the samsung logo, and it only lasts about 4 hours, the soft button light doesn`t work properly. Im very disappointed with the seller and wouldn`t buy from it again, don`t recommend it!

Nice one, bought it for my wife and got her loving me all over again.My only problem was that it came in french language, I had to use a manual from the internet to get to point where I changed the language to English.

Good afternoon:Samsnug client and I am very disappointed with this purchase. Since I acquired the phone restarts and in recent weeks off and takes hours to re-ignite. I would not change my provider, but this turned out not satisfactory purchase.

El tel&eacute;fono lo compre para mi mama una se&ntilde;ora de 70 a&ntilde;os lo aprendi&oacute; a manipular r&aacute;pido, 100. % bueno

I bought this Galaxy s3 Mini for my wife she loves. I will recommend it to anyone interestedIts working fine.

I'm very satisfied with SHOPEBEST. I will definitely recommend this seller to everyone else. This was my third purchase, and I'm impressed about their quickness in delivering  the product in the time frame. Brand new out of box , unlocked ( work right away with my at&t regular sim card) , with all the accessories. I'm more than happy.

Excellent phone for its price ($300 and below range).  Works perfect with Movistar in Venezuela. Speed is ok, battery life is standard (1 day).

It is the perfect phone, the size, que quality, everything is amazing. Sometimes it becomes slow, but just a few times. The apps are nice and the color of the phone is really cute.

I chose this one because I trust Samsung products, they are always good and this is not the exception.Excellent

Me encant&oacute;! I left my BB and i'm glad i did it, this is much better! I'm from Venezuela and it works perfectly!

Producto en excelente condiciones,caja sellada ,buen empaque,SEGURAMENTE vuelva a comprarles .la entrega del producto se hizo en el tiempo que se indico.

Is a great cellular, I like itIt works great and is easy to use.The screen is very strong.

it's a good phone but the problem is that i dont have it in my hand cuz' i live in venezuela so it's a little hard to bring it over here.. liberty express has much traffic

First, the seller is definitely recommended....I made a mistake w my address and they were very quick to respond and were very helpful.Second, the phone is awesome and unlocked as described.  Worked perfectly from the first moments in both the USA and Ecuador.  Excellent product and I would recommend the seller and product to anyone....

Nice phone BUT hax an issue with a junk battery and the terminals that connect from the phones main board to the battery came unsaudered within two weeks resulting in the phone turning on and off upon slight jolts.  I had it resaudered and bought a 3600mah extended battery and works very well with no issues.

This phone is excellent. All the best things that a SIII has to offer but in a much practical size. Love it!

I have been using cell phones since they were all Motorola, and in shoulder bags.  I have not been impressed with the size of the modern smartphones over the past several years because they have been increasing in size, and I am unsure why we have decided that after years of bricks being the only thing you could get in a cell phone, we want to go back to carrying bricks as cell phones.  Once you add a Ballistic or Otterbox hybrid case to most cell phones, they really do not fit into a pocket anymore.  Enter the Mini line of Galaxy smart phones.  They are very easily stashed in a pocket, held in a hand, and operate with all the newest bells and whistles without carrying a brick.  I went S III Mini over S 4 Mini because there is no point to overbuying Android tech, and next year, once the price on the S 4 Mini has plummeted in the wake of the S 5, I will simply upgrade.  This is the perfect phone at the right price for even many power users like myself who use a phone for way more than making phone calls.

I like how you sold that. I've been looking for this type of phone because the regular size is too

I got this phone as a free upgrade from AT&T. This is my very first smartphone and I have to say I was skeptical. I only upgraded because my previous &#34;quick messaging&#34; phone was going completely mental. But, I have to say, SO glad I did! I love this phone! It's smooth, no bugs thus far, fast internet, easy to use, the perfect size (not a fan of the tablet sized monster that the S3 usually is). I would get it from the provider of your service if you want to insure you get what you really want. Totally pleased with my decision to get this phone. It's very easy to turn off your data and run off of purely wifi while at home, so you don't mistakenly use all your data time. They call this &#34;the thorn in the iPhones side&#34; for a reason!

Love this phone super fast great screen does all the stuff it's big brother does in a smaller BUT prefect size for your hand. FAST shipping too ordered it at 3pm on Thursday and got it 11 am on Friday. Amazon prime ROCKS!!

I gifted this phone to a cousin of mine. When I turned it on upon receipt, I loved the display colors. I haven't used this to explain further ... but it looked good to me :)

I also have an iPhone for work and I lived it but I will say that I'm a new galaxy fan. I do love my phone. Glad I caved in an upgraded my personal phone from a Motorola.

I bought it for my wife to be used here in Lima- Peru and it works fine, with the local phone company. She really like the cellphone. I try to buy it before here though a third seller not fulfilled bye amazon and had troubles but amazon solved everything very fast, they are just great. I'm impressed with the high customer service level at amazon.com. That's why a try again and a get it, just on time and just what I expected. Thanks again amazon. I'll buy again soon.

They sent me a locked phone after making me wait close to a week to receive it. The phone would not accept any SIM I inserted into it. I returned the phone

EXCELENTE PRODUCTO...RECOMENDADO LLEGO DEL COLOR QUE LOS PED&Iacute;, LO MEJOR A TIEMPO, MUY BUEN NEGOCIO, OJALA TODO FUERA AS&Iacute; DE RESPONSABLES.

It was a gift and the person who got it loved it so much and didn't say anything about it up to now

It is good. Just like I expected. I need a plugin for charging because it comes with an Asian charger. But i can find it here.

This is my first smart phone and I am really enjoying all of the possibilities. I got the i8190L version which works good in the USA. The most important thing to me is that it is smaller and more affordable than the S3. Plus it has an AMOLED screen which is nice. Though it is lacking some feautures like MHL and USB OTG. Also It has no auto brightness. The processor can barely handle all the bloat-ware samsung put on there. But it works well and is fast enough in my opinion. The cell reception is as good as my old $20 pre-paid phone from wal-mart which got very good reception. I took the regular sized sim and put it right in the new phone. I kept my old number and all of my contacts that were stored on the sim, and it just worked. I like that because most phones these days have micro-sim. I also like the replaceable battery and the micro-SD slot. After using it a while it turns out I would have preferred a touch-sensitive home button instead of a physical one. None of these gripes I have are a deal breaker though and I am very happy with my new phone.

Recomiendo al vendedor, el tel&eacute;fono llego en buen estado, le coloque Digitel y Movistar; y en las 2 operadoras levanta H eso me gusto, un tel&eacute;fono muy r&aacute;pido comparado con los BlackBerry ni se diga.

Mobile Processor is not so fast as expected and the battery life is very very poor. But features are good.

Samsung makes a great product.  I really liked the feature sets of the SIII and the Note II, but I really did not want a phone that large.  The mini SIII has some very similar specifications, though not as powerful, still the phone has all the features I could need, and lives up to Samsung's quality.  I've not had a reset once since in two weeks since I started using it.  The phones reaction time is smooth, the access to Android features including Amazon Ap Store and Google Play is easy, and the standard use of the mini usb charger allows flexibility with other portable devices I currently use.  If you are looking for a tablet and phone all-in-one, consider the Note II or SIII, but if you already have a great tablet, and need a well powered phone that works with all the bells and whistles, this is a great product.

Phone arrived quickly and without damage.However, this phone arrived WITH THE DEFAULT LANGUAGE = SPANISH!NO WHERE DOES THIS WONDERFUL FEATURE APPEAR IN THE SALES WEB PAGE!!You can't change the default without going thru set-up.BUT, you can't go thru the set-up unless you know or can translate the language.......Will be contacting the sellerTHIS IS JUST PLAIN BRAVO SIERRA!

Upgrading from an early xperia phone, I didnt want to change Sony, but I'm really happy with the purchase. GReat phone for a great price, not a supersonic thing, but for the regular user is just perfect!

This phone is excellent for the use of a student. It has a little problem when last long in WIFI, you lose telephony signal. You must restart the phone with that ends, that fails.

I liked the device a lot. Very reactive and came with helpful apps. After I used it for about a week I noticed that the memory was not 8GB, but only about 4.5GB. I e-mailed the seller why was so. They explained that it is b/s the software loaded by Samsung that takes the space. But this is unacceptable to me, first, no manufacturer loads a divce about half the memory with software and second, the phone shows the break down of software used. Finally, they offered me to return it or take a credit of $40.  I took the credit. The seller respondes quickly which I appriciate, but thier initial response was irritating though they finally resolved the issue to my satisfaction.

ENGLISH: Phone reconstructed, I GOT THIS PHONE FROM OAKLAND WIRELESS.this IS NOT A BRAND NEW CELL PHONE!!! when I opened the box what do i see? a cell phone with the charger and a car adapter, I thougt so cool that i've a car adapter for no extra price, but when i continue my search what do I find? NOTHING, there's no headphones, no user guide, no paper, ANYTHING! YOU JUST PAY FOR A BOX WITH A PHONE, A CHARGER AND A CAR ADAPTOR, THAT'S IT! Don't buy this, please don't.ESPA&Ntilde;OL: EL TEL&Eacute;FONO ES RECONSTRUIDO, NO ES NUEVO, OBTIENES UNA CAJA CON UN TEL&Eacute;FONO, UN CARGADOR DE AUTO Y UN CARGADOR, SIN AUD&Iacute;FONOS NI PAPELES QUE DEMUESTREN QUE EL TEL&Eacute;FONO ES NUEVO. NO COMPRAR!!!!!

Great phone in affordable price. has the same functionality as its &#34;big brother&#34; but in the right size, to people who don't like to have giants in their pocket.

I own S3 mini for about 2 months now and I can tell that is really good phone. The curved design sits very comfortably in the hand, and the smaller stature makes it easier to hold, with every part of the phone accessible one handed.

Works perfectFast shipping it works exactly like the original one only it is a little smaller, that works well for me

I bought for my dad and he's fascinated so far, I personally prefer the larger version but this one it's being good for him

This is a great phone the android osx is great it allows you to put just what you want on your phone without having to buy like an iphone. The slim build is perfect.

Is amazing in performance, quality and anothers things. 100% recommend. Is not so expensive for the technology that was maded.

Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS,.........Samsung  Excellent product . . .

great phone.Here are some highlights:- It has a regular size SIM card, therefore no need to cut it. When you travel abroad usually you get a local regular size SIM and save on roaming.- it has a beautiful screen, just the right size. I wish Galaxy S3 had this screen because the one it has is way too big and can't be operated with one hand.- Battery life is impressive, with just the voice and WIFI turned on it managed to run close to 4 (four) days on one charge. You can see that complaining on short battery life is not productive at all since it is not just phone's fault. There are many factors that contribute to short battery life: wireless coverage in the area you live, whether you have all possible social gimmicks turned on that keep draining your battery, running apps in background that are poorly written and waste CPU cycles, amount of time the screen is on and so on.Hope this review is helpful. I am happy with the phone and would recommend it to my friends.

Work Perfect in Venezuela at all frecuencies.. Is very good Phone.. I've been impressed with some features such as the intelligent .. A Wonder.

The phone met my expectation.... I love it. I ordered it for my niece birthday, and she too loved it.

Great phone, inexpensive and as good as the iphone!I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a great phone.

All indications are that the cell phone is not original. The battery is not Samsung, shows errors loading the battery to 100% and did not bring headphones. I will return the item I hope you can help me.

Had this phone for several months now. Absolutely love it. Was worried I would prefer the larger screen but enjoying its smaller size. Like pizza. You know you could eat more but do you need to?I couldn't afford the larger unlocked version even though I've played with one before. Smart move by Samsung. I'm now a long term customer.

I am happy with this phone as it covers my basic communication needs, only a few words of my experience. The phone arrived the awaited day which I consider to be an excellent fact. Only two or three things do not allow my absolute satisfaction at this time. First, the charger plug was not what I expected. I expected to receive a plug that can be used in the United States with voltage of 110v. The one I recived was intended to be used at Middle East countries. I also expected Spanish (my native language) to be one of the phone's default language, besides English of course, so I have to download the language addon. Another point to mention is that while on the phone box (as at Amazon's Order page) is printed the phone have 8GB of Internal Memory, the properties of Android system reflects the phone's Internal Memory is barely 4.55 Gb. I live in Ecuador so it is a bit harder to claim for a switch. There are certain things I can live with. So I'm going to enjoy my new phone and exploit all of its benefits

me gusto mucho este producto, tambi&eacute;n porque es uno de los tel&eacute;fonos mas importantes y usados del momento...ha funcionado bien no he tenido problemas con el

because i love it, will tell lots of friends, have a great time on Sunday with it love love it

Bottom Line Up Front:  I highly recommend this smart phone if you're looking for a great phone at a reasonable price.  I don't think you will find a better phone for the price, it's ready for international SIM cards.  Android is fantastic, the screen and the colors are stunning.  My only issue is battery life, but a full charge will last you all day as long as you're not playing games all day.After extensive research looking for a new smart phone to replace the iPhone 4 that I lost, I decided to go with the S3 mini and I'm glad I did.  I live in Europe, so factory unlocking was a must, and this phone worked perfectly.  Just popped in the Italian SIM card and I was off to the races.  Price was a big issue for me.  I wanted a good phone but I didn't want to break the bank.  When I got the phone, I was pleased with just about everything except for the battery life.  The slim, rounded design makes it slip in and out of my pocket very easily even with a case, which was a problem when I had my case on my iPhone.  The screen and the colors are extremely vivid and smooth, this is probably what I was most impressed with.  The camera is not quite on par with my old iPhone camera, but I do trust it to take decent pictures in a bind.  Camera quality was not a part of my selection criteria.  The Android operating system, in my opinion, is way more customizable and versatile than iOS for the iPhone. The freedom to customize and the ability to accept third party apps really opens up the capabilities of this phone.  Also, I can plug my phone into my computer and transfer files to and from like I would with a USB.  With the iPhone I had to sync it with iTunes and use iTunes as the intermediary between me and the phone.  I never realized how inconvenient that was until I plugged this phone in and was able to transfer music and photos in an instant!The Cons: Processor speed, battery life, and storage space.  With only 800 MB of RAM, I've noticed that the processor can be bogged down if I'm running too many apps, looking at multiple (4 or more) webpages at once, or doing other intensive things.  However, 95% of the time I don't notice it, and now I simply manage my browsing habits and app habits to make sure I don't overload the processor.  With regard to the battery life, I find I have to plug in the phone every night - the charge won't last for more than a day and a half.  I could usually get a few days out of my iPhone if I wasn't using it much.  If I use the S3 for games, browsing, etc, the battery drains pretty quick.  If I closely manage my wifi, GPS, and mobile data settings to conserve battery life I find I can get two days out of the phone.  Lastly, the phone only has 8GB of internal memory, of which about 3GB were taken by the operating system.  Went to the store though and found a 16 GB mini-SD card on sale for $15, plugged it in,  and voila, now I have 21 GB of usable storage space - more than enough.

Phone reconstructed, I GOT THIS PHONE FROM MONTANA WIRELESS.This IS NOT A BRAND NEW CELL PHONE!!! when I opened the box what do i see? a cell phone with the charger and a car adapter, I thougt so cool that i've a car adapter for no extra price, but when i continue my search what do I find? NOTHING, there's no headphones, no user guide, no paper, ANYTHING! YOU JUST PAY FOR A BOX WITH A PHONE, A CHARGER AND A CAR ADAPTOR, THAT'S IT! Don't buy this, please don't. The phone suddenly &#34;died&#34; after a month of use.ESPA&Ntilde;OL: EL TEL&Eacute;FONO ES RECONSTRUIDO, NO ES NUEVO, EN LA PRIMERA SEMANA DA&Ntilde;O DOS BATERIAS Y AL MES SE COLG&Oacute; Y NO FUNCION&Oacute; MAS LO LLEVE A REPARACION Y ME INDICARON QUE ERA RECONSTRUIDO Y QUE NO HABIA NADA QUE HACER. SI NO QUIERE PERDER SU DINERO: NO COMPRAR!!!!!

The battery worked for the first 2 weeks then it would never charge beyond 33% and most of the time it just  kept discharging and warning of critical low battery even when plugged in. The seller traded out the battery but still no luck so they are now exchanging it . While researching getting a new battery locally or from Samsung we discovered that this model isn't even meant for the US and no one here in the US can offer technical help or parts.

It was a great experience get this smartphone. I had never had a Samsung mobile before but now i can't stop using it. It's absolutely amazing. I can say i don't need an Iphone Lol. En Venezuela funciona excelente 3G con Digitel y viene liberado totalmente cierto. Es mi primer Samsung Galaxy y puedo decir que es la mejor inversion que he hecho. Y tiene el tamano perfecto. The perfect size.

To date, I have never been disappointed with any order from these folks. And, of course Samsung makes their job all the more easy with a fine product. My college kid is enjoying her phone!

The cell comes from Poland. The screen has a defect as a red band on the lower right corner. Also the phone is not factory unlocked, when it turn on appears the logo T-mobile. It has installed a numbers of applications used in Poland. The number of model is GT-I8190N.

good afternoon to inform you that the s3 samsumg phone through amazon and the seller, the phone went defective samsumg mini s3, sticking the phone seems to be in shock, take you to the samsumg here in Venezuela and they said they could not responsible for making phone samsumg mini s3 because it is not registered still likely to be stolen or rebuilt.I need help this problem solutions

I love this phone. It's exactly like the S3 regular size but just smaller. Everything is Perfect. Brand new, the box and the accesories all sealed and in perfect conditions. They even send me an adaptor for an american plug (Since the charger is a europeen plug). Everything is so sharp that i am in love with my new phone.

Good size, good price, work very well, smooth operation, great capacity with sim card. I recommend it. Images or photos are amazing. Good sound with earphones.

Bought this for my Dad Feb 2013, the phone is still going strong, no problems, he loves it, he lives in the caribbean so i needed an unlock phone, best choice in my book.

With respect, to the time when the goods are received, I have no objection, since it was timely and without any problem, it came complete and in perfect condition. The only detail was not received the bill in the package, as and I wrote in the previous paragraph.

My daughter is very happy with her cellphone she was waiting for it. I hope she will be better use.

the store sold me this phone and the IMEI code is reported as stolen. Don't buy any product of this store.

Came exactly as was described. Arrived on time. Only thing I didn't like was that it didn't come with any external storage, but I used my old memory card and it worked.

compre el producto y es  excelente lo tengo con linea  movistar.levanta 3g .lo que noto la bater&iacute;a dura poco por lo dem&aacute;s,un equipo que cumple con mis expectativas y  el precio es una  ganga para todo lo que ofrece

Excwelente

Excellet Samsung Phone this has everything exced my needs also the size is perfect the android apps are excellentthis is the perfect phone

perfecto estado, envio justo a tiempo, muy buen equipo, lleno mis espectativas, 10 de 10, proveedor serio. muy buena experiencia

perfecto es lo que yo queria estoy muy satisfecho del producto.  lo recomiendo altamente para cualquier persona quw lo deseen

Like the size of the phone.  Right now, signal seems hit or miss, not sure if that is due to unlocked status or not.Apps and internet seem faster than my Pantech, however.Love the camera!

I bought two of this phone under Amazon Prime and they were supposed to be new. One of the phone I received was a open box with the seal violated/broken.The second surprise: seller sent together with the phones a power adapter and I only understood when I saw in the box of the phone a different language (I believe is german). So the adapter they sent was for the phone charger since european outlet is different from us.Very disappointed, I returned both phonesBe careful when you buy a unlocked phone and check the sellerI don't know why Amazon don't allow to rate the seller (at least I couldn't in most of Amazon prime purchase), but at least I can post the name of the seller I have in my order: BLUETEKUSA (isn't interesting, the name is bluetekusa but the phone is european)

I liked this phone a lot. My only problem with it, is that the weather is never right..... oh well...

cant find a reason to dislike the phone. exceeded my expectations. the size and versatility make it value for money

The phone is good, but the battery dos not last even a day. I've ordered this pack:3600mAh Extended Battery + Back Cover for Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini i8190 Black. The phone is little ticker but fit better in my hand. By the way - it works in Europe!

I love my new phone and it by far exceeds my expectations. Multi functional, great battery life and a beautiful operating system. The phone functions as I need it to and is versatile. I can use it in North and South America with my pay as you go sim cards without incident. I think the screen is great and the touch functions work fine. I've seen other reviews of this mid level phone and find myself scratching my head-maybe it's because this is my first smartphone. I also have a couple of buddies who have the Galaxy S III and have done a comparison, to which the minor discepancies are acceptable. I couldn't be happier with my new toy!

Great phone with all the stuff as the s3, but in a smaller package. I would buy this phone again.

No estoy conforme con el tel&eacute;fono, no es Samsung original, la caja en donde viene no corresponde al modelo, al igual que sus accesorios, y ademas presentan fallas los telefonos. Pido una solucion para mi problema por favor.Ingles: I am not happy with the phone, not the original Samsung, which comes in the box does not match the pattern, like its accessories, and phones also have faults. I ask for a solution to my problem please.

the best cell that I ever had, easy to use and fast, nice pictures and nice videos. I recomend it.

good nigth. sorry, but, I need a picture to send the invoice so that I can deliver the product: thanks.!

excellent phone, nice camera, great apps, had trouble updating apps from google play but 5 minutes in google solve itbut the bad part is the keyboard it has, no way to add words to dictionary, to change from predictive to not predictive in previous phones could be done from the keyboard itself, now you have to go to settings and change it, very ackward

I love this phone!  I didn't like the big phone and it was awkward for me.  This was perfect!  Very easy to use as well.

Samsung phone excellent, fast and very light. I recommend it for people who want a compact phone, small and useful for the job.

I recieved the item on time and in full working order and I am in love with my phone .

Excellent phone, was delivered on time, in perfect condition.The phone is a perfect size, the camera is very good, the best I've had.

It's a very good option. However here in Colombia doesn't work with movistar 3G operator. For the price you get what you buy

The seller said it will work, but checking inside the configuration it has just three bands, it's not quad band, and becuase of that the phone doesn't work on 3G network

Arrived earlier than expected and in perfect condition, this is a product I bought for my niece and she loves it, is very good, excellent service.. thanks

I purchased this phone thinking it would be a nice inbetween phone, and it was for about six months, on a friday morning I woke up took it off the charger and the phone shorted out. I replaced the battery but the phone no longer receives a cell signal (other than At&t) which I don't have. I attempted to get service through every avenue I could think of, to include the vendor, samsung (US), and then finally samsung latin america (which is the only place which will honor the factory warranty) in the end Samsung latin america told me there was nothing more they can do for me since they no longer have contracted repair facilities in the US. This phone is now nothing more than a wifi surfing tool (Im going to sell it online to recoup some of my expense by the way I can only get 49.95 for it) this phone was a waste of time and money and now with everything I have been out of a phone for almost a month. Thanks for nothing, I will NEVER buy from this company again, my advice is to buy a phone from the US, it might be a little more, but its worth the peace of mind, just in case something goes wrong.

I bought this one as I can't get used with the bigger ones (and would actually brake them in a few). It just fits my hand and can ride my bike without being afraid of having it jumping out of my poket.This is a very nice phone and works great with the Jelly Beans features. Very fast, indeed.What is a little boring is that, for someone that does not know, the 8GBs are actually 4GBs as Android would consume half of it. Somehow frustrating but that's the same for every device (not particular to this one). Anyway, I already have a bunch of apps on it and still got about 3 GBs left. Will probably never reach the maximum. For music and videos, got an extra 16 GBs external drive.

excelente producto, lo solicit&eacute; para que le llegara aq un amigo a USA y no hubo inconvenientes llegaron a tiempo y bien sellada  la caja.

Some anomalies, but overall a pretty good phone. Great pictures. Occasionally won't answer the phone when swiped. Cannot delete synched contacts.

This is an ideal phone for those of us that aren't phone wiz kids, its very easy to operate and very easy to learn the programs you have to learn...I'm very happy with it and the speed of the delivery..Thanks

producto en perfecto estado condiciones optimas excelente producto entrega a tiempo pautado recomendado vendedor para pr&oacute;ximas compras de productos ofrecidos

This phone was really nice at first glance, great screen, perfect size, pretty color, but as far as actually using it, IT SUCKED!!!  The internet signal was NEVER 3G no matter where I was.  It dropped calls constantly and it's not like I am out in the middle of nowhere, I live in HOUSTON for God's sake, there are cell towers everywhere!  Also, it switched itself from ring to vibrate, and vice-versa, whenever I placed a call.  The battery life was awful too and the download speeds was laughable.  I thought maybe I had received a defective one, so ordered a second one and had pretty much all the same issues.  I ultimately returned the phone and went with a Google Nexus 4.

This is a really nice phone fits very well into your hand. Display is good and touch is also nice. Comes with Jelly bean which is also  nice and fast.Only concern over this phone is the inability to move apps from internal memory to sd card!. Using sd card to only store music and pictures is just crazy.

Great phone at a great price. I am using with TMobile. I had no problem with it. Make sure read instructions that come with it.

I think that S3 mini is an excellent smartphone , I don't know yet if memory is enough because aplications are update frecuently

If you want the same characteristcis as the big sized S3 but want a smaller size this is the perfect phone. Amazing screen and features.

The phone is excellent and I love it, but I ordered one of 8GB and I got one of 4GB. They should be more concerned with what you sent. Thanks

El equipo tiene muy buenas prestaciones. Excelente relaci&oacute;n precio/valor. Aspecto a mejorar: Rendimiento de la bater&iacute;a (se debe cargar a diario).

I purchased this phone for someone, I powered it up to test it when it arrived. When I gave it to them they used it and was very happy with it, the phone is a really good phone and they loved it, when came time to charge it it was not taking charge.They had to purchase a new battery to enjoy the phone.Great phone except for the battery issue.

I received what I expected. A little box, inside, a phone, earphones with three pairs of gummies for change, USB charger, charger (european power plug with adaptor for use in america), I dont know how many mini books with instructions but all of this in russian or any language impossible to read for me hahaha, anyways, who's really read that? Totally and perfectly unlocked, no problem with the chip and mobile services, it's a nice phone: easy to handle, simple, thin and nice weight, pretty blue, I would like Galaxy S4 mini had the same form (curvature in corners and weight)... just a little dream haha

Hi, the charger does not work for this cellphone, the rest of the cellphone works fine. I want an answer and a solution to this by the seller.

I GOT A S3 MINI. I REALY LIKEED IT  BUT IT WAS DEFECTIVE AND HAD TO SENT IT BACK .THE PROBLEM WAS I COULDNT GET A CAR CHARGER TO WORK WITH IT . AND I FOUND OUT THAT THE PHONE I GOT WAS A USED PHONE . IT MUST HAVE BEEN RETURNED BUY THE PREVIOUS BUYER FOR THE SAME REASON I SENT IT BACK IAM GUESSING. UNLESS THE PREVIOUS BUYER BROKE IT THEN SENT IT BACK . I ONLY KNOW THAT IT WAS USED BECAUSE THE SEAL ON THE BOX WAS BROKEN WHEN I GOT IT AND THERE WAS SOME NAMES IN THE MEMORY I DIDNT PUT IN. OTHER THEN THAT I LIKED THE PHONE BUT GOT NERVOUS ABOUT GETTING ANOTHER ONE SO I GOT A S4 MINI INSTEAD. HAD TO PAY MOREBUT I AM HAPPY WITH THE NEW PHONE.

It work well, but it did not have US charger as this was sold here. battery life is less than expected

Great phone and apps.  Good price.

My daughter loves this phone!  I haven't used it, but she swears by it, and pleasing her is not easy!

How could I don't love this cell phone! Samsung is great! Love my phone. Love Samsung! Love it ! :)

the phone I wanted! has everything I was looking for! comfortable, lightweight and absolutely easy to use! I'm very happy!

This phone electronics is designed well.  However, the case is very flimsy the plastic used is too thin.  Secondly the phone with all is function needs a battery with more Amp-hr to run it efficiently.  I use the phone seldomly however the battery barely last from 6:00am to 5:30pm which is a normal day away from home.

I love the price and fast shipping. I love the price and fast shipping. This is my third Galaxy s3 Mini. it is a nice phone.THANKS!

Magnifico phone, the best phone I bought, I recommend it one hundred percent, plus the negotiation was quick, simple and hassle...

Excelent, My Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS,...Samsung, I love it!!

it hurt me before the year

So far the phone as work wonders for me, its fast for what i need. battery last long. and no problems with the operators here in Venezuela

Great product, a gift o wife, she's very happy with it especially that it competes with my Samsung galaxy S3 I9300

I like the phone... great integration with google, its awesome, just great. Way better than Blackberry OS... What else can you ask for?

A really nice phone. Definately get your moneys worth. Runs a little slow though. I would encourage the buy of the phone

Incredible piece of  smartphone technology !!  Love that phone !! THE BEST SMARTPHONE I HAVE EVER HAD !!!! It'{s got everything  you ever dreamed  on a phone !

This cellular is having almost all of the normal Galaxy 3 abilityHowever, it is smaller and vthat its main advantage vs. his big brotherits size it exactly what one needscan be in pants pocket and be used everywherealso is very good value for the money

excellent. producto de buena calidad, llego en buenas condiciones y  ahora a disfrutar de sus ventajas y de la belleza de este realizando tadas las llamadas.Gracias

excelente telefono funcion a la perfeccion lo tengo con linea movistar, la camara es buena,,, excellent phone function to perfection as I have with online movistar, the camera is good

Best smart phone you can get for its price. does everything i need it to. same phone spec wise as iphone 4 and it has a bigger screen

The size is great, the software is great, it's fast, it's comfortable, the screen looks good. It's a great phone.I did not give it the fifth star because there seems to be a software issue that consumes you battery faster. The easy fix is to restart the phone apparently.

This is probably the most affordable phone that can run Android Jellybean. It's basically a tuned-down and smaller version of the S3. But that doesn't make it a slouch. I use it to video chat with my parents from Africa to the US. I like the idea that I can go where I want, pop a sim into it and start talking without hassling with unlocks or anything else. The only issue I have with it so far is that the battery does not last too long. I suppose needing a daily charge is normal for smart phones, but I've had phones that could do better.I wish I had bought one for my girlfriend too!

Excelente!! Aqu&iacute; en vzla trabaja en perfecto estado y levanta 3G.. las aplicaciones muy &uacute;tiles y muy buen funcionamiento. lo recomiendo!

Speed delibere, Awesone telephone, until now is working perfect, a month with this phone, no problem at all

This is my first android phone and it cover all and more of my needs. Battery its okey  you may want to change for another larger one if you want to. The android version its nicer than the nexus 4 lg.

Excellent phone, very good price, right size, features wonderful, came well wrapped and protected ... I love my purchase. 100% recommended

it is a very good product and i will definitely recommend it to my friends and family. the price is great too!

I don't give the product five stars because I didn't receive a factory unlocked phone. I actually receive an T mobile unlocked phone (at the start presentation right after the Samsung logo appears T mobile presentation).The rest is ok. For the comments I receive from the person I get it, love the phone.

This is a great phone feature wise. I have a samsung galaxy S4 and I use AT&T in the USA. It function a tad slower but overall its great when I ran it on WIFI. For the price its outstanding it almost performs as well as my galaxy S4. I gave it 3 stars based on its functionality and if you do not care about data rate when not on WIFI. I think the issue is the same on T-Mobile in the USA But do not know that first hand. What I do know first hand is that on AT&T, I spent hours with them, and could only get Edge to work. 3G did pop up sometimes for a few seconds. The issue is that it is a GSM phone and will work well as a phone and EDGE. For data these models do not support the frequencies requires for 3G 850/1900 it has 900/1900. You will only get EDGE rates and for a smartphone that is unacceptable this why I took off two stars. it will work fine just slow away from WIFI. I did have other issues but those were unit specific I did not let those affect my rating as it was defective not intrinsic to the product. This is a very nice product just not on AT&T as a minimum.

This excellent cell. I'm from Venezuela and works perfectly with the operators here. Well balanced, very light, fast and the right size. I recommend it. Thank you!

muito bom, perfeita interao.experincia mais que satisfat&oacute;ria na entrega, noa qualidade dos produtos e nos prazos e preos. obrigado

it didn't work properly so I had to returned I couldn't forward calls, when I received calls it never rang......

in 18 hours after the first load cell, leaving him alone on the table, the touch screen stopped working. i hate it

I have bought this product because I need to use the NFC, in the description said that it was available in the phone but it does not have is false..

This is my first smartphone. I've used it in Bolivia and Per&uacute; so far with no problem. Hope it can last more than 2 years.

Very good phone,  Beautiful aesthetics with curved screen and very good quality image.  Fast processor makes streaming a pleasure.  Just the right size, same size ast the HTC Evo Design it replaced and not much larger that the Blackberry 9600 I had before that (I didn't want a one of these oversized phones that are out now, if I ever have a need for a larger screen, I'll carry a tablet).  Only downsides:  sometimes the touchscreen could be more sensitive, battery life is nothing to boast about, they should consider offering a larger battery option.  I'm not sure whether it's a hardware issue or software issue, but the GPS using Google Maps and Navigator sometimes gets confused (weak GPS read) at the worst times.

I am very happy with this phone I bought for my sister, is a very nice blue. I was worried about what to buy for Venezuela, had a bit of uncertainty that will not work with local telephony, and really have not had any problems. This phone uses chip, works perfect on wifi, gps, photos are great. I hope my experience is useful about this product

It is a great cell phone, I have had several and I can say this is one of the best, has an excellent display of good size and touch, the Galaxy has a real technology, I am using it in Venezuela and the signal is very good despite the distant cities where I am with the phone, is very compact and light, the size is excellent to carry it everywhere, I recommend 100%.

I needed a new phone and didn't want a contract so I went the unlocked phone/month to month route.  I wanted a Nexus 4 but couldn't for it to be restocked. I did some looking around and this phone fit my needs.  I live in an American city with so coverage isn't an issue.  I don't need my phone to be anything more than a phone I can connect to the internet with as needed, as it isn't my primary device for web activities.  Needless to say the phone is great.  It's not an S3 but that's not what I wanted or needed.  The phone has a great aesthetic.  It very slim and the curves are pleasing. The phone is light in the hand but also feels well put together. I don't have huge hands so the phone fits in my hand.  The call quality is what I have to come expect living in the city, which is pretty good quality as long as I am not underground or in a building.  The TouchWiz interface by Samsung works and doesn't feel like it is cheapening my Android experience. I chose to use StraightTalk as my phone service and the phone play s fine with the service as an ATT phone. Also, I accidentally ordered a microsim as opposed to a regular sim card  and the slim fits in my phone just fine.  Can't say others will but my microsim from Straight talk works no issues. A friend had an extra regular sim he put in my phone that we had a hard time removing.  So far a great phone and I will update if anything changes.  Also, buy a protective case.  The phone feels put together but I am not sure how many drops it would survive.

I love it. I selected this rating because is very good product without problem.I did like it by all the accessories were in the packetI recommend this product to all people because is a tool that used everyday to business

I love the phone but it claims to be unlocked and it really isn't.  I wasn't able to get any network communication with it and had to send it back.

My experience with this product has been a nightmare, from the beginning, without it having ever being dropped, exposed to water, anything. True, some of them are just the curse - yes, CURSE - of touchscreen (baby)technology, which is still quite lame compared to real buttons. And no, these are not "malfunctions," they are design flaws, period - I saw these same issues on other minis.The following are the anti-features you can expect:- a touch screen that often does not respond at the speed demanded - this creates a HUGE risk during driving, when a user has to avert his/her eyes to try, try, try, try, try to answer and activate the speaker (and end the call), especially as the screen repeatedly blacks out (for what? to save the pathetic battery power?) and canNOT be quickly revived. This is particularly fun when answering calls from clients, who do not expect to wait as this little piece of crap decides if and when its owner can answer it, or when dealing with automated systems that don't understand why it takes so long to press the directed key.- the telephone shuts itself off without being touched, and even with a full battery- the telephone cuts off the internet connection on a regular basis, without being touched, without a change in location, even in the middle of an online function during what a second ago had been an active connection. This did not happen to me with my previous telephones.- press on the SMS button, frequently get the camera - repeatedly - until the mail decides to wake up- try to send an SMS, and it tells you it failed even when it didn't, or that it was sent even when it failed; wait 4 days to get an important SMS- try to send an SMS, and it hides the "create new mail" function for a few hours- receive an SMS, and occasionally have to guess who sent it, while being thankful that at least it was designed to display the name/number of the sender- press on the missed calls function, get the last person YOU called- search for a number in your phone, Russian roulette if it comes up- and of course, the battery drains very, very, very quickly when you use it for internet accessIf you need your telephone to really function, try another company. Any suggestion that a more expensive phone is necessary is criminal, as the above issues have to do with very basic functions that should be expected at what is already quite a high price, given that the assemblers make less than minimum wage.

This Phone is truly amazing! It is very fast, also it comes in like French, but once you have it in setup (Out of the box) it tells you what language to have it in. I have the Blue one, love it to pieces, my sister has the white one and they are very nice and sharp looking! I would suggest getting a case because of how smooth it is to touch. The camera is nice and the Front camera is nice too. Let me just say it kicks my oldest brothers iPhone 5's butt. It is SO MUCH FASTER and smoother than an iPhone, also it has the available 64GB storage option with MicroSD card, which Apple just  doesn't have! Feels like good quality too! Overall, LOVE THIS PHONE!!!!! p.s. get the screen protectors at: GreatShield Ultra Smooth Clear (HD) Screen Protector Film for Samsung Galaxy S3 III mini / GT-I8190 - LIFETIME WARRANTY (3 Pack) AND CASE:  HHI Aero Armor Case for Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini - White (Package include a HandHelditems Sketch Stylus Pen) you can have whatever color you want i got a white case though

Firstly, it arrived earlier than expected, so props to the seller(HassleFreeCell). I'd suggest reading Kevintheyanks review on Dec 24 and the associated comments. That is what sold me on this phone. I'm with T-Mobile on one of their pre-paid plans, Popped in my sim from another phone and it was good to go. Still playing around with it to get it set up the way I like it with no issues so far. I'm not in a 3g area, so haven't had a chance to see how that works. I will be in one next week, so if it doesn't register on the phone, I'll get back on here with any issues. Battery seemed drop a little faster than expected, but that may be due to me not being finished with the fine tuning etc. If any problems occur, I'll be sure to report them.Just a quick update here. Apps from Google Play cannot be moved to SD card, unless your phone is 'Rooted'. Needless to say, you don't need to rush out and get a large SD card,unless you're storing lots of pics,video etc.

Bought to replace the Galaxy S III.  Love the phone but too big for me to carry around all day.  The Mini is perfect.  You give up a little in screen resolution with the Mini, but its more than adequate.  The change in processors (quad in the Galaxy, Duo in the mini) is not noticeable for how I use the phone (email, IM and internet).  The posts about needing a &#34;large&#34; SIM are right.  THe Galaxy S3 takes a small and the Mini a large.  I purchased an adaptor on AMazon that works great and saved me a trip to AT&T.

It is working great and is the size I want.  No issues with it  (once I got a replacement - 1st one did stop sending/receiving calls, but no issues with the replacement).  I love my mini!

Samsung Android phones are buggy. One often turns on silent mode automatically thus missed calls, another Galaxy S erased my address book w/o notice. What I did is switch the SIM card of two Samsung Android, causes my big problem due to phone # lost. I hate them.Other problems include that it can hardly hook to PC even use Samsung's server s/w (buggy X8), hard to locate phone # is history, and delete phone # in history also buggy and delete other # I want to keep, screen black/on several times itself, etc.

me encanta muy rapido con buen tamano , se ajusta a todas las necesidades a buen precio , samsung excelente producto

I like this phone because of the size, personally I don't like the regular S3 because of the big size, so this fit with what I was looking for, because is more small the specs are not as good as the regular S3, so don't expect the same performance, I'm used to do heavy duty work on my phone and it works, but it lags, but for regular use I think is a great choice.

I just got this phone on Friday. 9/27 (finally arived) and today is 9/29 . words cannot express how excited I was to re I've this phone. It even arrived early! Got off work and sure enough there was a neat it the package sitting there for me. Opened it up and started playing with it.. Got. My service all set up.. Good.. THEN came the sadness. I love the phone itself... Just not the company that sells it on Amazon. (universal GSM mobile) in a nutshell, this company's short sightedness and general disregard for customers satisfaction is a huge issue. This company had the audacity to include a defective battery. And when I say defective, I mean it in a very blantent and obvious way. It does NOT hold a charge. It litterally loses about 1% power every minute. Its been on thee charger all night.. And after DE - charging (still plugged in mind you) to about 43% it's total percent is at a total of 68%. Which is after being on the charger all day YESTERDAY as well. Did I mention the phone won't stay off? I'll try to turn it off for the night just to give the charge more priority.... But it flips itself right back on! It even randomly resets itself in the middle of general tasks. Love it. The thing that bothers me the most... THEY KNEW IT WAS BAD! How do I know? Well.. They took it upon themselves to remove the little water damage stickers just leaving an empty little box. The fact that the firmware is also outdated any CAN NOT be updated without kies or flashing seems minor compared to this. Oh and you can forget about Samsung helping you out. They don't provide services to these phones since they are "international models". .. I've sent a complaint to the company to see if I can resolve this issue... But I'm not holding my breath. 240$ for a defective product. And another 30$ to MAYBE fix the problem. Cuz.. You know.. I love spending money I don't have. Buy at your own risk.

First all, i am spanish speaking so i apologize if my english is bad at some point.I bought this awesome phone with some strong points in mind and some weak or not so sure, i was sure it would work, but not so sure if the carrier of my prefference could handle it, and yes it could. Movistar venezuela can handle it easy.About the phone performance it is a total success. No problems at all.Sistem android 4.xx so it is very very good.Yes, it has all the play store advantages.Yes it has all the conectivity you can ask internet, wifi, bluetooth and pc usb jack. PLUS it provides wifi hotspot if you know the target device mac adress. Just what i needed.YOU CAN NO LOSE with this phone. A MUST BUY

Great phone, one of the best, if not the best I ever used! In the past, I owned BIG SCREEN PHONES as Galaxy Note (with 5.3&#34; screen, too heavy and too big) and wanted something smaller that I could hold in one hand comfortably. Since I am a true techie, I researched this phone for all specs as soon as it was released on several websites. Since this phone has EXCEEDED all of my expectations, here is my very detailed review of this very special and fun to use Mini S3 phone. My goal in this review is to help in your buying decision one way or the other regarding this phone.

The mini version of the phone does what it promises.  And unlike its bigger version, it fits in pockets of clothes made for women.I wish it had a wrist strap holder, as earlier versions.  This way one can attach something to reduce the probability of loss.  I attached something on the cover that I bought, but it's not as stable.

It's ok. Just as expected. It's good and confortable and good quality product. I'm satisfied with the purchase of this product.

I absolutely LOVE my Phone!  It is fast, responsive, takes great pictures, I have yet to find anything I cannot do with it. Front & rear cameras, great display, very responsive. Does not lock up like the cheap straighttalk phones so often do. Works well on AIO or Straighttalk . . . .I would take this over an iphone or windows phone any day of the week!

love it exactly what i expected . only one regret: I like my phone to look pretty and well it does but i would have loved a larger variety of choice for cases and colors

tremendo telefono

The mini is a great size.  It fits into my hand and a pocket.  It is fast and has a lot of nice features.  A great alternative to an iPhone and cheaper.  Saved myself hundreds of dollars with this phone.

Beautiful phone...came with a travel adapter, which is cool, but no 120V U.S. charger. Will try to get one through Amazon so I don't have to purchase one. Haven't been able to use the phone yet...waiting for a Straight Talk SIM card & charger.Will update review later.

Great phone. Portable with great android features. I love the map feature. If you want a better camera go with Galaxy S 3 or 4.

One of the best smartphones Samsung has manufactured. Fits right in the palm unlike few of the monster size phones, very good brightness, beats iPhone 5 (i own iPhone 5), very sleek looks. Nice apps, no bloatware as compared to the device bought from the US carrier. I would highly recommend this phone to everyone who is looking for a 4 inch phone with great looks, speed,  good user experience etc. over all very nice phone.

extra nice phone ...now there is new models but i liked it a lot so yes i would recomend this product to anyone who likes samsung

Hi,I am not satisfied with the product.The phone came with a purple blotch on the screen...good afternoon!

i really love the product i had wish i bought the big size.incredible performance confortable to use, easy to carry.ready on the go

yes, it's a nice phone. I'm not a techie and a previous blackberry fan. So, the first thing is I miss the blackberry features. One thing for sure, the case  bought for the phone is extremely difficult to take off. Not to mention the phone itself is difficult to openMy regular sim card did fit in no problem. Note the extremely helpful review posted December 24 2012.Downloaded whatsapp immediately as thats what all my friends an family use. But, one question. Isn't there a notification light thatwill come on when you get a message or call? If I don't happen to be near the phone when it rings or there's a message there's no way of knowing unless I actually wake up the phone and find the icon.  Thats inconvenientMaybe I can't find the setting that allows this and i wanted to pull the battery but now cant get the case off.Argh. Very frustrating

cell wouldnt charge battery no good hoping it just the only problem i am in barbados think it will be problem getting back to usa

I've looked everywhere the phone menu and I can not activate this option seems nfc not have it and the title of the sale of the phone says it has

I purchased this as a phone for international travel as it is unlocked. I received it, I turned it on to make sure it works and stored it for my trip. Two months later I plug it in to recharge it and it would not recharge and is totally dead. Log onto Amazon to return it and it's out of warranty. I thought I would be safe from bad products if I ordered from Amazon, sorry they disappointed me.

love the way i get this cellphone so fast, this buyer is highly recomend. this cellphone is new and i love it because is mini

The phone is very good and I love it. It allows me to engage in activities that could not run on my previous phone. I recommend this phone.

La experiencia de adquirir el producto es excelente muy buen vendedor y el producto en perfectas condiciones y garantizado.Muchas gracias.

Buy the phone because he was supposedly unlocked or released, since I live in Venezuela, and on spec sales so said, UNLOCKED. But to the surprise when I received it, it was unlocked, and according to the technician, the phone is set for a Korean phone company. And pay 45% of the price of the phone to unlock it.

It's a fine phone, but the one we got was from France and did not work with T-Mobile. Had to return it.

very good celphone fast and slim very dinamic and the apps are amazing your, for you value is more than i spect

Excelente, no lo cambiar&iacute;a por ning&uacute;n otro, el cable del cargador se me rompi&oacute;, debo comprarlo

I bought the Samsung Galaxy S III Mini to use with the straight talk network in the US.  This was an upgrade from using a flip-phone (which may make me relatively easy to impress) and I couldn't be more thrilled at its functionality.  I had to do some manual setup to get the data working, but this is an unlocked phone, so that is to be expected.  Important: this uses a full size SIM card.  This was perfect for my purposes, but may not be what everyone wants.

Its a nice phone... bought this one as a gift to my sister and she loved it. Hope to buy more in future

Good phone but not the qualitymy first week using the phone I dropped it and not on a hard surface and the screen brokeI had many phones before and never broke the screen inside my house

The very first day I bought this item I found out that GPS is not working. Initially I though it is because of the weather but after some time it would record my 5km runs as 0.23km which is definitely not correct. After couple of weeks of testing, trying it with GPS status I replaced it with another phone of the same model. And now I regret it.After using it for a month, last week I noticed that my messages are not getting delivered (brings up failing randomly). And then suddenly everything is fine. Friends were complaining that they cannot reach me. Before last week everything was 100% alright. I haven't dropped the phone, I have contacted AT&T.; They say everything is ok from their side but then again - I am getting very frequent errors &#34;not registered on network&#34;, &#34;invalid MMI code&#34;.Now the return window is closed and I do not have an idea what to do. I will try to get in touch with AT&T; again but I doubt it is because of AT&T.;Being an android fun (and Google employee) I guess I have to switch to iPhone and get rid of a random trouble.

One and half year ago I obtained the first Samsung Galaxy Mini ST-5500, internal memory wasn't enough for the apps that I need apply, after to read a lot of reviews I decided to purchase the S3 Mini.First of all, I could make back up of SMS and calls from my previous mobile with a little app, later you can restore all your data on your new mobile.Internal and external camera have a very good quality.The newer version of Android means develop a simplify process, a really fast turn on and restart.As I understood the S3 original version has a Quad core processor, S3 Mini has a dual core processor so I think I can use at least two apps like the music player and the camera with a little stop during the picture caption. Its be able to let your hear music and play chess.I am not sure but the internal memory available to download and install apps is only 4,5 - 5 GB, so far of the 8GB of this title, this is the only cons that I found until today.

Good afternoon, sorry for not writing sooner. Just yesterday I received the product in my hands. For problems with my transport company from miami to Venezuela he had not received. Thanks for your service. It is the product of choice and so far am very happy. I hope to make a purchase over again, when I have enough money. Thanks very much

The phone itself appears to be great if set up properly. I have a friend who loves it. However, mine came with a European charger which I resolved by using my Samsung tablet charger. It receives calls texts etc. and I am able to make calls, text, and take photos. That is the limit of my services because it does not appear to be &#34;Unlocked&#34;. There are some instructions in German that do not change over to English.  It came set up for use with T-Mobile. Therefore I have to keep my data services off to avoid excessive charges from T-Mobile and Google connections. I was forced to set up Gmail which is locked into the phone. I've tried to delete it via bookmarks, but it doesn't help.It should not have taken me this long to get to the bottom of my problems. However, I am an amateur, just procuring the services of an expert who let me know it would have been belter for me if the phone was returned.Overall: Great phone, but seller error.I have contacted the seller and now awaiting a response.

excellent excellent cellphone unlocked works great my wife loved... i'm from venezuela the cellphone arrive without scrach....and the best of all for a very low price

This phone is everything I was looking for: small size but with good Android functionality.  I switched to this from a Motorola Atrix HD (even bigger than the Moto Atrix II) and while it doesn't do everything the Atrix does, it is a really usable phone.  I gladly sacrifice some functionality for the smaller size in my pocket.

I am very happy and satisfied with my purchase. The phone arrived on time and it is so much more beautiful then in the picture.I highly recommend this phone to any buyer. That enjoys the smart and technological world.Tswana Nunes

This phone is great and this smaller size is much more convenient than the regular Galaxy S.I really love the camera.

The phone indicates that has a sim 8GB memory but not, the internal memory is 4GB and brought a SDI would like to know what the cause. Additional to that did not receive the invoice

This is gonna be the second one i bought. they really worked fine and very easy to present as gift

Used this phone in costa rica as primary smart phone. Had other phones to compare, this phone would have 0 bars while Nokia and Sony Ericson had 2 or 3. Nokia always in Costa Rica has best signal but OS horrible so went with sony for a cheap smartphone of similar size. Really nice..(I use iphone5 and like galaxy 3 a lot) Same bad reception however with galaxy 2, using KOBI or Moviestar chip bad reception. So if you are not in rural area it might be ok if you are near a tower, but otherwise I found it slow and too small to read web comfortably.These are much cheaper out of the US than on Amazon.

Very nice compact phone.  I travel internationally and its super easy to change the cards in it, which is exactly why I bought it.

I think that the phone must be great but mine came defective and I'll return it. I will try again.

Llego a tiempo, muy buen producto, nuevo, es lo que espraba, lo recomiemdo ampliamente, la entrega fue rapida y la caja venia sellada

This phone is everything I hoped for. It works great with the cellular service in my country and so far I have experienced no problems with it. It's a great little phone!

This is a  great phone for those who want great value for money. Good size...the SIII and SIV are way too big.Excellent service by the seller.

Phone screen is so sensitive.This phone is like holding a baby.You have to be careful with every touch or you'll be the one crying (or laughing).

I really enjoy this phone. The only con I have for this phone is that it feels slippery when holding it as it's very thin and the back case is smooth plastic. I recommend buying a rubber case so you can hold your phone with ease.

Product delivered on time, in excellent condition and equal to page description.Really, good product, only it did not come with usd external memory.

Unreservedly recommend this model, is lightweight, stylish and great size for my bag. Easy to use and very smart, I been using this telephone from two weeks ago and I have nothing negative to say about it, the best I've had.

Not a fan of Samsung but bought this for a friend and he is impressed with it's performance especially when he went from Blackberry to this more advanced smartphone. He loves it.

Good fast device, really very handy, can easily operate with one hand, Hassle free is awesome in terms of providing updates!!!

Product in great shape, very recommendable !Every is as expected and it works really great with my argentinian sim card !Love it

I like the Android phone features & it is handy to handle the device.I like the camera it is very clear.

I love the Samsung S3 mini. The design is great and I practice is not small and not large is perfect. Take pictures very beautiful but a bit slow the shoot.

Purchased this phone about two weeks ago. It came new with American plug outlet adapter. Downloaded Galaxy s III manual PDF from internet, also there is manual in English in the phone widgets. Took me a while to figure out all settings and apps, camera and video, managed to download all my contacts from old phone using SD card.Uploaded Skype - it worked fine during driving on desert highway.T mobile works fine with their SIM card, showing E, 3G or H connection or no connection at the same spot during a minute. Regular calls are fine so far.Battery works fine and stays all day during playing games, calling, messaging, internet browsing and using camera. The phone itself is small and thin and light, screen is nice and bright.This is my first android smart phone and I like it. :)

this is a good phone, thank you for send it to me.i have a request, do you save the imei code of the telephones that you sale? i need mine to report it as robbed in my country.

Exactly as the top reviewers said, great phone, i neednt go into the specs since that has been widely been discussed. but i must say i am pleased with the purchase.

I love it and it is's very nice. I think it is bigger than i phone and light. it's simple good.

We bought this phone for our daughter.  She loves it.  The camera is good.  The size is great.  Overall a great phone for the price.

I recently received my product because I had a problem with the courier that brought it to me, that's why I couldn't write a review before. Despite the lateness of my package, I must say that the product arrived in perfect conditions. Before I got my Samsung S III Mini, I had a pretty bad phone that ended up damaging. This turned out to be a success, as it is just what I wanted. It is as new as the product description says. I love it, I'm totally in love with it. Works perfectly and it's very fast. It came in it's original factory box, with all the accessories. I'm really glad I bought it. Totally recommended. Thanks a lot!!! :) &#60;3333 (It works perfectly in Venezuela)

I found it a great phone. Smaller in the pocket.Downside is my finger is too big to type messages and I use a stylis.  I need my reading glasses sometimes to see the print.

I was considering getting this phone, but the 3G bands that it supports are those commonly found in Europe (900 and 2100MHz) and an extra one found in the Americas (1900MHz).  Some American carriers operate on 1900MHz and some Latin American ones, on 2100MHz, but this only means that depending on the specific country or on the specific city, one may found himself with 2G data only if one's not lucky.Getting an European phone that doesn't support the five 3G bands (850, 900, 1700, 1900, 2100MHz) used worldwide is asking for disappointment.

Can do just about everything I needed it to do, and can get pretty much any app from the play store. Camera was not the best, but still pretty clear. No problems at all.

I ordered this phone on the 24th of December, the shipping said it would be to me in 1-2 days so i figured at the latest it would get to me by the 27th. But no, it finally arrived on the 3rd or January. When it arrived I anxiously opened the package and put my sim card in the new phone and turned it on, as it came on i saw that it had a scrabble app, which is not normal, and it also had an alarm set for 7:45am which is also not normal. I continued to look through the phone, it had the previous owners' contacts, messages, emails, and pictures. But not just any pictures, nude, naked and disgusting pornographic pictures of the previous owner. This is absolutely ridiculous, crap, amazon should have looked at the phone or factory reset it or something. They should NOT have deemed or claimed that this phone is &#34;new&#34; this phone is obviously USED. Amazon needs to change this crap it is unbelievable how low their standard is, Amazon you NEED TO FIX THIS !!!!!!

There are no words to describe how happy I am with this phone. It has surpassed all my expectations. Everyone should own one of these.

let me tell you this is a very good dial I made goog price and a very good cel thank you

I hate this phone so weak after 3 months of use it dead by signal problems, btw LED(light) of menu has dead too.

Love this phone.It does a lot of the same things as it's big sister the galaxy S3 but it's a lot smaller; which is what is great about it. It still fits in your hand comfortably (you can touch every part of the screen with one hand) and in your pocket. It uses a regular sim card and Android jellybean which comes already loaded is awesome. Even though it's 3g and not 4g i still think has a very fast response time.I wanted something quite small responsive, attractive (i have the pebble blue version) and effective. This mobile delivers!!!!!

This is one superior and well-designed smart phone, best ever--if you ask me! I have had HTC's, Windows, iPhones, Sony phones and this is by far, the most superior yet. Even the camera performs better than those other phones as well!! BEST IN IT'S CLASS!!!

product is amazing! delivery was fast and connecting it to tmobile was easy as 1 2 3!It came with headphones and a computer plug, wall plug, and wall convertertmobile in the US doesnt sell this phone so i have to get a case from online too, but its amazing! i love it!

I purchased this phone for my husband for Christmas. He has been using it for six months and it is already giving him problems. The phone keeps stating that the head phone or charger is plugged in when they are not. This is in addition to the phone freezing up often and shutting it self off on its own. Another issue we found is that he was unable to purchase the warranty through Straight Talk. We didnt think this was a big deal because we thought that  the company had a one year warranty when we purchased this phone.However when I went into my amazon account to exchange it, I found out that I cannot. SO after spending over $200 I have to purchase another phone five months later!

slow responsibility and lower battery capacity, i do not want it any more. Normally, the batterry will be run out in less than 24h.

I was waiting for the arrival of my intelegente phone, eager for several days. But when I had it in my hands I could see the fantastic software and its operation and Digitel Venezuela. Grateful to the seller.

I really enjoyed this mobile, it is very powerful, fast and has a good look and feel.It is a unique item, one of the best buy I made

Watch out! I do not recommend this equipment at all! The device came with a Chinese battery overheats. After 40 days of use the screen started to take off and malfunction. The phone never fell to the ground and almost no use. It was revised by the manufacturer and informs me that the device is reconstructed (not new) and the screen was damaged so no warranty. The seller's warranty is for 30 days, therefore I lost my money!

I feel Galaxy SIII is huge, so I chose this Mini and gave it to a friend of mine. I used it myself for couple of days and felt this extremely efficient. Installed almost 60 apps from Play Store and barely found an issue.The only flip side is that this doesn't have a HD display. The display still felt much sharper than that of an iPhone though.And my friend loves this phone too. Couldn't get her a more perfect gift.

The phone arrived and all instructions and everything on the phone is in French or some other foreign language.  The adapter is a European one also.  I am having much trouble making the people at Samsung realize that I need a phone in English.  Be careful!

let me start saying that I LOVE THE CAMERA on this phone the pictures are awesome in my opinion, satisfied with my purchase.

I'm hardly a techy kind of person, so I'll do my best here. I've always liked the droid op system a lot, easy to use. very fast too, GREAT picture. I got the mini because I just didn't want an huge hulking phone. this one fits nicely into any of my purses. The unlocked phone worked perfectly with my straight talk BYOP plan.

Love the phone, but very dissappointed in the battery life. The features and functions of the phone are great, but only lasts a bit over a day if not used too much.

I love it...great product to keep me updated with technology. Yes, I will recommend it greatly because of super functionality

I recieved this phone, after much deliberation and searching the internet. I ordered it believing that the seller actually knew what they were talking about I was displeased because the seller said the phone would work on Straight Talk, and when i asked them about it they said i had to set it up  to use MMS and Internet..I did that twice. So I returned it sadly because it was a cool phone .. It was also T Mobile and Tmobile doesn't work with Straight Talk. The phone starts in German, which you shouldn't over look. It starts in German because its a UK phone. I hope this has been of some help to someone so they too don't get taken for a ride. I shipped the phone back to Amazon for a refund.

100% recomended. it's a quality product. it's very funtional. it's perfect for my job and for my personal life. thanks a lot

All the printed materials were in French and the AC adapt or was EU standard. It was easy to switch the phone's language to English and an AC adapter to US plug was thrown in the packaging; the phone itself had the manufacture's sticker intact.As to the phone, it's smaller and lighter than both the S2 and S3, this one is te rigth size for a shirt pocket. Despite that, the screen is larger than my old LG Optimus.Very satisfied.

The phone reboots itself randomly  =(  I don't know if it's a Samsung thing, because my last phone, a Galaxy Ace, did the same thing... This will make me reconsider buying another Samsung in the future.

Bought this for my husband for his birthday and after spending two hours with At&t found out that it wouldn't work with their network. My husband could call me but I couldn't call him and the internet wouldn't work at all. At&t's computers couldn't even recognize this phone. If someone plans to use this with At&t I say don't bother the time. It's a darling little phone but not worth the hassle of it not working.

It made my life easier, now I can send emails, read the latest news, and contact instantly in just one device! Highly recommended.

I am using this when in Europe and Asia with various SIM cards.  It works very well and is easy to use without any special training.  I am happy with this purchase.

Very light, great screen, scratch proof, battery lasts. Little slippery, need flip case or cover. Great buy, came on time.

Great smart phone. I Love its size. I highly recommend it for all. Screen size is amazing, super clear, super clear camera, light weight, easy to use and figure out, tons of applications out there, and super value for money.The only downside of this phone is battery life time. You definitely need couple of chargers around you if you are a frequent user and on the go. I recommend buying a car charger along with this phone.

Great. Dual sim has been the best feature. Helps a lot and I feel lot lighter than carrying two phones!And has all the features of a good Android phone!

The phone reaches expectations, it is new, with the memory of 8 gb and proper functioning of software. Arrived in perfect condition.

This phone was stolen, even before i saw it so i can't even comment how my likes and dislikes, maybe next time

Compact, fast, battery (though relatively weak) lasts forever...Two minor problem which i found so far:1. When it starts playing mp3 file chosen as a ring tone, it starts on low volume and after couple of seconds boosts up to the selected volume - a little bit annoying... Looks to me like software issue, so there's a chance it will be fixed2. The output from headphone amplifier is weak - have to set car's radio to full volume when connecting the phone from headphones output to AUX input in the car radio

Had a little trouble getting data, but my carrier is Cincinnati Bell and they set it up in store. Wish I could have gotten a case because I already dropped it.

samsung galaxy s3 mini is the best cellphone i ever have.. it&#347; 100% unlocking..  i hope enjoy a lot.. thanks

This is not meant for US. Instructions in German....No access. available...not even screen savers!!! I am returning it. At least the sellers have agreed to let me return it .

I am pleased with the phone satisfaction.The desired time, I always get what I want, quality and friendly service, personally I feel well taken care of by you, advance my work in the office, for my daily work and conferences.

The smartphone is slick, stylish, has lots of applications and is customizable. Daughter loves it.Strangely, it can't be bought directly from Samsung in US so they are re-exported from Europe.Read - no US guarantee and power adapter for European standard receptacle.

Srs Good afternoon, this is to notify you that the battery of my Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS, ... I have received damaged, I hope your answer as soon as possibleGreetings and good afternoon

perfect, excellent, I enjoy it everyday. Is a good tool for my work and kips me in communication with my family.Thanks !!!

Best smartphone I ever had. Light to carry. Good for simple entertainment like mp3 and ebook! Many apps from android market. Excellent as a cellphone!

I thought this was fake! Im from los angeles and have never heard of a s3 mini but I needed a phone with no contract bad!! SO I took a chance and bought this. ITS THE BEST THING EVER!!! it's unlocked already! I was using the iphone unlocked with a tmobile 50$ a month unlimited sim card and it works just fine with this s3 mini. I went to ebay and found ALL THE ACCESSORIES, portable battery, wallet case, screen protectors, EVERYTHING. I am certainly a happy camper with this phone. Only thing is that the manual is not in english....

The product was received on time and good condition, it was an excellent buy. Thanks so much for the products and delivery, i am really very happy with my new phone...

Me funcion&oacute; en Venezuela (Movistar) 3G sin ning&uacute;n problema. Excelente m&oacute;vil, muy completo! Rapido, movimientos suaves, la bateria, lo normal; dura 1 d&iacute;a completo! Todo depende del uso que le des.

Resisted getting a smart phone up until now. This is my first. Not too hard to figure out. Has lots of features. Got the model that was advertised. Had updated O/S installed. Does everything promised. Would buy another, but I only need one. No regrets getting an unlocked phone. Might be outdated in a year or so as it was already a 2 year old technology. But I will keep using this either way. Even without any phone service it works great as a PDA if you have a wireless connection. Can even LAN it wirelessly to your computer for data transfer without a cable.

I only can charge to 80&#65285; in the  a few days,now The phone can't turn on and can' charge in,too bad!

This is the best phone I have ever owned. It fits perfectly and the buttons are well placed allowing one hand operation.

excelent celphone i love it

Looking for a good smartphone and this fit the bill.  I am quite happy with its basic operations Only concern was lack of instructions for various programs included.  Tried to find online and Samsung does not seem to have there also.

powerful and compact cell in relation to large s3 but equally powerful with the dual-core processor and Android vercion, sleek and lightweight design

it really was unlocked I don't live in the states and just changed the chip from my old cell phone and it worked perfectly, it is a very nice phone

I really liked this phone..unfortunatly i missed that it was an international phone, so I returned it.  Hoping to find one for the USA.

For starters, the phone does come fully unlocked when you buy it, brand new packaging and all. I received it quite fast and in great condition. It's 3G and wifi capable. Coverage varies on your service. I have Tmobile so it's not terrific, but suits me well when I need it. Besides the phone, the box comes with a USB adapter, ear phones (which I might add are surprisingly nice quality earphones), and the charger. It also comes with ear phone comforter replacements in different sizes for different sized ears which is a nice addition.Build (4/5):  The phone is lightweight and thin, but has a good feel to it. I'm currently using a rubberized protective case which has worked beautifully, but I have to say I'm sure that the back cover would come off from a hard fall. The backing is a thin flexible plastic which made me feel uncomfortable with drops, so that's why I bought a case. The screen is like any other phone screen that probably scratches easily without a screen cover (I have that too). It's not Gorilla Glass like its older brother, but it holds up just fine if you take good care of it. The size of the screen itself is fantastic. You're buying the mini, remember that, so the screen is obviously smaller, but don't be fooled. In this case, smaller is better. The original S3 has an absurdly large screen in my opinion, which is a bit unnecessary (don't even get me started on the galaxy Note). For all original S3 users, I challenge you to hold the phone in your right hand comfortably. And try to touch the top left corner of your screen. Failed? The mini makes this possible allowing full coverage of the screen by your thumb in a single hand grip. I found this very nice to navigate through menus, apps, maps, etc. I love the size, and it also fits into a jean pocket much better. Overall, nice feel, thin and stylish design, just take care of it and it won't be a problem.Display and Camera (4/5): the only thing keeping this from being 5/5 is the front camera. Only at VGA quality, it's grainy, a bit slow, and bad in any lighting that's not bright enough to read in. But now on to the reason it's 4/5. The super AMOLED screen is beautiful for such a small phone and for the price. Again, It's not as vibrant and vivid as its older brother, but you're paying for a mini, so you're getting a mini display of it. At full brightness, you couldn't tell the difference (in my opinion, my friend has the S3). Unfortunately only reaching 720p, the display still is great for videos, games, and beautiful wallpapers. There is no auto brightness function, so you'll be finding yourself constantly adjusting the brightness in the pull down menu. I didn't mind this at all as it saves battery in the way that its not constantly adjusting itself. Plus I liked putting it to just the right brightness depending on the lighting I was in. The screen is just right for me and i love the look, and have even comfortably watched 2 full length movies on it. The back camera is only 5mp compared to other camera with 8mp. The 5mp does just fine at capturing video and decent pictures in good light. Low lighting is taken care of by the LED flash. The back camera is good enough for the price and has been good enough in all the situations I have been in. Bright camera and beautiful screen. Simple as that.Performance (5/5): The phone performance itself gets 5/5 because I knew going into it that it does not have the processing power of the original S3. With 1GB of ram, and Jelly Bean4.0 running out of the box, the UI is smooth, crisp, and easy to use. The phone runs 720p videos with ease if you have a good wifi connection or good 3G coverage. Games will run fine, but the bigger the game, the longer the loading times will be, and the frame rate will drop a bit every now and then but what do you expect from such a small phone running a giant game? The 8GB of space will do justice for the average phone user. If you're an app junky, there is a micro SD slot for more space as you definitely will be needing it. I have a few games and productivity apps, and the 8GB does me just fine. However, it is true that when you get the phone, all the basic stuff that's already on the phone leaves you with about 4GB of free space. But this problem is minuscule, as you're more than welcome to expand the space yourself. Smooth performance, great for casual usage. Allows app junkys to add breathing room. Perfect.Extras [Battery, sound quality, buttons, etc] (3/5): The aspect that accounts for most of those three stars is the sound quality. For such a small phone, I didn't expect much for playing music and what not. I was wrong. The sound quality on this phone is unbelievable. At its loudest, you might think its hooked up to a small speaker. The bass is clear and all types of music sound beautiful on it. Call quality is also fantastic, and when you put people on speaker, it has a boost option that makes it easier. The sound on its own is 5/5. The home, power, and volume rocker buttons aren't something to rave about. I found myself having to press the home button a bit more firmly that I wanted to at times, and sometimes I'd apparently press too far away from the middle of the wide button and wld have to press it again. The volume rocker is fine, but the power button seems to be a bit too sensitive at times. When I pressed it to unlock/lock it, the option to power off came up some times but that's only not picking (2/5). The battery lasts a full stretch day (lasts you into the night) with casual use. If you're on it 24/7, you'll pay for it in battery life. I suggest downloading JuiceDefender as it did a superb job at making the battery last 2 days with casual use. I keep power saver mode on and brightness on medium low, so anything above that I'm not so sure how it will fair. But it did just fine for me (4/5). Web browsing is also simple and easy. Nothing different than browsing on an iPhone 5 despite the text clarity on a retina display. Probably not comfortable to be on it all day to surf the net, but for the temporary search-up and news article, it works just fine (5/5). Another big let down for all non iCustomers is the App Store. A small trinket store compared to the massive mall of the apple App Store.  But it had all the apps I wanted, but this varies from person to person (3/5).Overall 4 out of 5 stars because its exactly what I wanted and expected when I bought this phone. A little more than expected actually, as I doubted the screen resolution and performance considering the lowered specs. However, this phone is the little engine that could and then some. Does everything you want a smart phone to do in style. Light weight, fun to use, and a perfect phone for someone like me who thinks the S3 original is too damn big! Besides a disgraceful VGA front facing camera, there's absolutely no reason why you shouldn't get this phone if you're looking for a cheaper, smaller S3 or smart phone in general. Feel free to ask questions! Thanks!

This phone has been wonderful.  I went with the Mini because I did not (and do not) want a 4&#34; + screen.  I like to put the phone in my front pocket and those larger phones just don't go in and out of a jeans pocket very well.  This phones size is perfect.Speed - The phone has been fantastic.  I do not do much if any high demand processor type of apps (hi graphics games, etc.) so I have not really put it to the test.Voice Signal - Not perfect but better than my Nexus One.  I am on T-mobile.Data Signal - Not the best but has been very reliable.  My wife's HTC One S usually gets a slightly better signal.

The cel phone is amazing!Beautiful, fast, spetacular!If I need, i will buy another one to my wife, because she deserved

The Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Blue Unlocked GSM Phone with Android exceed my expectations, it work very good and the supplier delivered it on time

Could not find a cover for this phone. I wish i could return it.Bought a cover from your site did not fit it.Would not recommend it to anyone just a waste of my money.

It is working well I am using it as I type this  I even have all my apps in pne place so its will work out fine

I purchased this phone with the belief that it was factory unlocked. Well to my surprise, the phone is stuck on Edge, no 3G. I have tried everything on the face of this earth and do not know what to do.I am in Jamaica and usually unlocked phones work on any network, this phone I can only receive data (2G/Edge) on one of them. I spoke to the network (DIGICEL) representative and they said that it seems as if the phone is data locked.The other network (LIME), when I insert the sim it goes straight to roaming. Why?I am quite disturbed about this. Other reviews about the product I see have been great and that's why I went ahead with the purchase, why it had to be me to have the troublesome phone.HELP!

it's a great phone as it is. and works well has not given any problems. and i love it. plus it's unlocked so i can use it with any carrier.

i love this phone, i'm happy to make this buy, the services was faster.  im happy very very happy no more to say

The delivery was perfect, everything on time and the cell phone was in perfect conditions.Besides this, the s3 mini itself its a bit slow, and its already starting to show a few issues (it gets blocked -&#34;colgado&#34; in spanish).

It's an excellent cel but idiom is Polaco (PL) i'm going to look out how to change this idiom to spanish, :S Idon't know whyyyyyy seller you could do that ok rrrrrrrrrrr

I am very disappointed the phone came with failures when downloading it freezes dead and charge only reacts with a battery charger and only then is that it manages on, the other is that the screen stays on blinking every minute making discharge faster, and the other is to leave some scratches on the screen and do not know if this is solvable. at least aid dementia is driving me crazy.

The phone display is very beautiful.  The audio sounds better than an iphone.  My girlfriend has an iphone and she loves her S3 Mini.  I highly recommend this phone to anyone

This phone ended being a joke . . seriously!  First there is NO instructions that come with the phone that are in English . . you can NOT transfer all your info from old cp to this one and one can NOT take a picture and attach it to the contact in your address book.  Overall this phone with all the talk around it does NOT measure up as a contender to other cp's.  This phone needs a lot of upgrades or revamp.  I doubt if the Galaxy S4 is any better - just talk most likely!Pete

I own a Galaxy S3 but planning to buy this in couple of months when I travel abroad. Since this phone have only 8gb internal which is pretty low, the best thing to do is to root it and just maintain the stock rom then you can use 'Directory Bind' to move high end games like Asphalt 7 (1gb)to external sd card, since the OS is 4.1, DB will support it but not on 4.2..for smaller apps like messenger or FB etc, you can use appstosd apps, this way your internal will have enough space, My S3 is also 4.1.1 and have 12 gb of games on my SD card and if your planning to use USB otg cable, you need to install stick mount(for root)or Nexus Media Importer available on Apps store (no root required)....

Amanzing smart phone. It's a powerfull phone for a person who needs to be in contact with their clientes, friends and family. There are a lot of programs and resources in the Web available for this phone...more than you need!!!!

I choosed this reating, because is an excellente cellphone, I like its shape and all this functions, I recommended this cellphone to every one want a practical and funcional cellphone.

Good quality product.Satisfied with the purchase. highly recommended product. The quality was as expected and exceeded my expectations Cart.

I recently bought this phone to my wife and I have to admit that it is a very very good phone. great perfomance nad design.

where to begin I truly love this phone.  its just the right size and all the applications works and the display and camera is awesome.

I bought this cellphone the last month(February 2013) and is great! I love it! This phone contains all I need. Thin and powerful with Android.

Four stars because one of the phones has details with the sensitivity of the screen. Thanks for sending me as I requested.

not recommended. my phone is damaged and now they want me to pay for the return. ie now I have to pay more for my smarphone. are disgusting

It worked perfectly and it came with all its accesories. 100% unlocked, unharmed and totally ready to work! thanks a lot.

The apparatus as phone is amazing, however, the problem is in the quality of the equipment. As of today, none of the three apparatus work properly. Each has presented various problems. One of the devices I returned it to the supplier. Another of the devices I've changed the battery twice and the loading and unloading problems remain the same. And, the third does not work all functions.To tell the truth, the purchase has been very traumatic for me and my family

Great phone for the price. Smaller than Iphone and with all the same great feature. I love it. Recommend to anyone.

your phones is excellent thanks for you and your responsability  good job and good lucky for more buys good nigths

IS THIS PHONE QUATRIBAND? This is a huge problem. Is not working for me :'( which operator is this phone?

buenas tarde el telefono no lo he recibido a la direccion que coloque, por fvor necesio una razon del telefono si pueden escribirme al correo minimercado1999@hotmail.com, no soy de eeuu, estoy de visita en el pais

this is the best smart phone i had back 2 being an nice size that can fit right in to my pocket plus an nice size screen

the phone is good and works well, but does not bring the charger adapter, should bring it because you have to buy it separately

xcellent product. I was received the phone in perfect state. Samsung S3 Mini operate very well. Great value/performance relation its great

Excellent, much attention, as the shipping and mini Samsung S3 love me. I recommend them 100% Very good. Buy again soon

Working with not problem, just a good choise for those that Do not want a HUGE cell phone, the product arrive on time and with no problem.

Cubre las Expectativas, buena conexi&oacute;n 3g, wi fi, tama&ntilde;o manejable, presentable est&eacute;ticamente, buena velocidad de procesamiento para la mayor&iacute;a de la aplicaciones

So far. So good. I've been using it for like a week and it's doing great! It's working perfectly with my service company... excellent!

This item was sold as an unlocked phone, but does not function. I have had it checked by three technicians and they all say the same thing. It is either locked and was sold as unlocked or the phone is defective. The phone was originally sold in the French market or so the box says, but it will NOT work in Costa Rica. I will try to return this to the seller but being overseas makes this difficult to meet time restrictions on return. Will not use the seller again.

I love my samsung Galaxy S3 and it came on time.

Good night, by this I address you in order to convey what happened to a mobile computer that buy one of their vendors. The purchase was made on 4 December and the team arrived on January 20th through the global shipping company zoom. The team arrived in good condition, in box and appeared to be new.While the phone is turned off and did not turn; I took the phone to a central Samsung-caracas service to find out what happened to the phone and pass the reader advised me that the phone code had not been found and therefore this was a rebuilt phone and was not original so Samsung could not be responsible for the team and they suggested writing to the seller.I wrote to the seller and I explained what happened to the team, to which he replied that their policies regarding returns after 30 days of order delivery your company does not assume any responsibility. But do not stay satisfied with your answer as to start the product I received does not meet the characteristics of the equipment I bought, that is to say, I bought a new original equipment and got a rebuilt and aftermarket equipment, so I would helping me get the money I lost. I also want to add that I feel cheated and that the seller does not seem a responsible person; I find just lose my money. I hope to help me with my situation

I bought this phone and after 4 days using it the battery just stopped working at all, not even charging.I've never drop the phone, there is no scratches on it, so FOR SURE they've sold me a defective battery.I tried to contact them two times, warning them that I just have a few days in US, so I needed my problem to be solved ASAP and they message back with: We will be open in January 2, happy new year!( keep in mind that my 2nd claim was in January 3).And I'm not asking a new phone for them, just a new battery which costs about 15$, so if you don't want a HEADACHE go buy it for another seller!I stood my whole European Trip without a phone because of this defective 4 lifetime days.

this product its amaizing i recomended a 100% its a good view mobile, greats app, perfect size and a nice screen, you can buy with a close eyes.....

I purchased this phone as a replacement for a Galaxy S4 that was destroyed and the usability is nearly the same. It isn't as fast as an S4(well duh!) but the operating system is nearly identical and easy to switch over to.

Excelent

I received it in good condition, and it is working pretty well.  Its size is fine for my, and very simple to handle it.

This is a nice phone for the price.  I got this phone for the Mrs. and it is perfect for her needs as she is not too picky about OS or apps, etc.  She uses it with the Tmo unlimited prepaid plan.

Great product, just gotta love the Galaxy life. Upgrade is a must. So glad I didn't have to cut my chip

This phone is an awesome upgrade to my mom's Samsung Galaxy Ace 2. She loves it! She doesn't need a memory card because of the excellent amount of internal memory! This phone is bright, fast and sharp.

All Good. Excelent Cellphone. Good size.  Everything worked excellent. Not much Gb capacity, only 5GB, so you will need to buy a memory ship, if you want more capacity.

Great Phone, not expensive and my mom is very happy to have it finally and put down her old blackberry

This phone is awesome. I wanted a good phone, with good size so I chose the mini s3 instead of dinosaur version. I dont play heavy games on it anyway, so it fits perfectly what I wanted. Ignore all the bad reviews online if you are looking for something high  and still want to keep it simple. Just great

Excellent phone.It has a little lag, but I think that it's normal because of the CPU it comes with.

I bought this phone because I wanted a somewhat high end phone that is shaped and sized to what I wanted.  The size of this phone seems &#34;perfect&#34; in my hands and I can use it with just one hand.  The screen looks vibrant and everything runs smoothly (so far).  I feel that this phone is more aesthetic than the bigger Galaxy SIII simply because it's smaller.  However I should note that the bigger Galaxy SIII has better specs than the miniature version.  I also liked that it's compatible with T-mobile.However I experienced massive delays on this phone that I haven't with other phones.  I don't think the phone is slow, and It's also not a T-mobile's network issue.  I'm thinking it has to do with the antennae or compatibility issues with the phone itself.  Whenever I go inside a building, I lose connection in most buildings.  I did not lose connection with my other Nokia phone using the same network.  Additionally there would be times the bars in the same spot would randomly go up and down for no apparent reason - meaning that sometimes in the same spot (for example my room) I could make calls or I can't make calls at all.  However my Nokia had no issues.  So I concluded that it has something to do with the phone.  With that said, it works with T-mobile most of the time, but I found those issues to be an annoyance.Overall It's hard to say whether or not this phone is worth it because from what I been reading, it seems to be a location issue.  So some places it might work just fine while other places it won't.  Assuming that you don't have the delay issue that I do, then this phone is definitely solid.  Although it's quickly getting outdated with new phones coming out with high end quad cores and 13mp cameras.

Excelente! Quede satisfecha con el producto, el env&iacute;o fue en el tiempo estimado y el producto llego en buenas condiciones...

PERFECT CELL, EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE. ARRIVED IN THE STIPULATED TIME. Exact description. AND EVERYTHING IN ORDER. I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND 100000000% BUY IN THIS SHOP.

This is the one of the best phones! I just love it! It's so smooth and fast I thought wouldn't be possible for a phone this price! I just hate the fact that it feels so cheap and plasticish unlike nokia phones! But otherwise it's a great phone!

Looks sharp. Good quality.  The volume button on the side sjt be a bit easier to push. But otherwise great,

The best Samsung Phone ever, it fit perfect on your hand on your pocket, more apps and options than iphone.It works very good for me.

I have a bigger smartphone (Galaxy Note) and it was difficult at the beginning to get used to this smaller one, but it has the same functions as regular S3 and fits better to pockets and bags. Great purchase!

This may not be the top of the line, but it has what I was looking for. It is a good compromise between price, size and functionality. Actually it is not a phone ... is a pocket computer that also makes phone calls. No wonder is the best selling unlocked phone in the store.

Love this sleek cell phone,  correct size, very happy with the features,proud of my purchase. Will surely recommend this to my family and friends.

It is very nice. I like it.I have my telephone and it is very usefull and nice.I can recommend to everybody

Great price for a mid-high range device, there are better products in the market, but the cost/benefit rate is by far the best.

both phones are refurbished and one is ilegal, i have many problems with that. one is low batery every time and an other can't register with mi phone line because is stolen. i don't know do with that

I am very happy with it. I received it on time and just put my chip in it and started to use it.

The mobile phone is really good, fast, the shape is cool and fits all my needs. Do not hesitate buying it!!!

This is a small mobile phone with great performance, it runs jelly bean as good as its big brother, excellent item....

I switched from a BB Bold 2 to this phone and it was love at first sight! I don't see myself moving away from Android any time soon. I heard it was worth the switch but man it was another thing to experience it. So far the apps seem endless and this device, although called a 'mini', is bigger than my Bold 2. Samsung did something right in releasing this model, making a phone that costs $330 make you feel like you have an Iphone in your hand.

I purchased this phone for my daughter for Christmas, but I couldn't wait to give it to her. Her phone was outdated and had a cracked screen...just a pretty cheap phone. She has Straight Talk coverage, she was so pleased to get it, and we also purchased the 2 in 1 folio stand wallet case for it. This is a very easy to operate phone and she has had no problems with it at all. Thanks Amazon!

Needed a small, basic smart phone and this one was available and ticked all the right boxes. At first seemed fine but as you add more apps it generally slows down considerably. I would rate the cell reception at my house as poor at best, 1/5 bars signal. My previous Galaxy Nexus on the same network had 4/5 bars regularly in the same place. Another thing to note is that the phone I received was from France, the seller included instructions to set the default language to English which worked but there were also several preloaded apps that still had to be manually changed. Another geographical issue is the kies system for online updating via a usb connection will not work.

satisfied with the product, I affiliate with movistar Venezuela and raises 3G, recommended, very useful, practical and elegantTotal thanks.

Great phone, very fast. It works just fine with any gsm chip I've tried (2 so far, 1 from spain and anotherone from Venezuela)Very light and easy to use. It arrived very fast as well

I ordered a Samsung Galaxy S III Mini but it has a problem to turn it on and the battery is not original, nowhere it says samsung. I'm very disappointed.

This cell did not buy it for my use but facilitated the purchase to a friend. He tells me that the phone it worked very well and did not probelmas to turn in our country (Ecuador)

I recommend this product, the best cel phone in the world samsung and friendly and easy to use, congrat bye

The phone is just the right size and weight and has all of the features that I wanted. I can text, check my email, listen to music & FM radio. This is my first smart phone. I am using it with Consumer Cellular's low priced no contract plan, which is excellent.I bought a cute cover for the phone: Flip PU Leather Case Cover For Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini i8190 + Protector PC445. I am very happy that I bought this phone. Thanks.

Have already for a week  and it is a great mobile, easy to use and long battery - good value for the money

I love exploring all the features that come with the S3 Mini and find the OS/device interface extremely easy to navigate and learn.  Only downside was the phone came with Spanish set as default language, and it took some patience to figure out how to change the language to English.

This is A GREAT PRODUCT.Phone - works great. All features/ functions work without any glitch since i bought it 30 days ago.i use prepaid plan.WiFi - Works great, i use it to surf internet. The unit is fast.Skype - Tested it and used it, no probem.FM radio - works well.E-reader - i download kindall app and have been enjoying reading on the subway when commuting to work.Bluetooth - works very well, i pair it with sony bluetooth headphone. pairing is simple.Hand Writing - i download app to imput by Writhing /scripting on the screen, Works wonderful.it came with EXTRA battery and aditional cover.i received the product about SEVERAL days despite it was shipped, much faster than expected, Very thrilled.VERY HAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT.

The smathphonesamsung mini galaxy III has covered all my expectations in performance and design,  Thanks,Because my expectations fulfilledEverything I like samsung cell phoneto all the people

muy buen telefono y muy responsable la tienda me llego completo y es nuevo como lo indica la tienda .

I bought the Samsung S3 Mini excepting 8gb of Internal Memory. What is the issue here? Anyone can give a feedback on this please.

Maybe because it's my first smart phone, have used others before, but so far I feel I did not go wrong with this!

After 6 weeks, some problems may be resolved.  Took about 20 tries to get Samsung account, it worked out of the blue after doing the same steps over and over and over.  Phone was sending photos in Firefox format to computer.  Finally had computer checked out, it was not the problem.  Firefox photos not compatible with any normal programs.  Finally found a roundabout way to send them, so now hope it will work in the future.  Tried to send phone back, but too late for buyer protection program and seller would not accommodate.  I think it is a nice phone, pretty, easy to manipulate,  but would never recommend that particular seller again.  Asked if it is a refurbished phone, never got an answer, which tells me it must be.  It has a Russian app, so maybe it was manufactured in Russia.  Samsung advised finding out, said it is not U.S. made, but seller said they did not understand the question (??) Had an Apple before this one.  The Samsung settings are very easy to follow and understand, so definitely recommend that.

I did not get a full day's usage of the phone. It kept turning off and on. Same with wifi

Excellent so far I can not complain really good equipment complies with all the features you expect .... very good

So, we have not complained to the company where we ordered...yet. One of the phones that we ordered has been having lots of issues with receiving a signal, shutting down and not re-starting, and not fully charging. We are trying to trouble-shoot with our daughter to determine what the real issue is. If we can't get it resolved, we will be contacting the company and Samsung. We have not yet used the second phone because if the troubles continue with the one phone, we may retune the un-used one. Fingers crossed that we can resolve these issues.

the phone is not new, it is a rebuilt phone, for that reason the battery is not the original, also the battery is bad, the phone does not work at all, I want my money back,

My phone will keep turning itself on and off non stop. Tech service will take two weeks to let me know if there is a solution and the cost of the repair.Not pleased!Cell phones should not be disposable....!!!!Before two weeks I used to love my Samsung SIII, very disapointed

Works perfectly, fast, upgraded to the latest official OS and fixed several issues. There's an issue with the phone mini usb port that won't charge, but after trial and trial it was fixed on its own. I'll be buying another one soon.-funciona muy bien con movistar en Venezuela

Up to now I am very pleased with the purchase of the Samsun Galazy III Unlocked.  It fits in my hand and have all the applications that I need.

good night please i need  the traking this orden

I bought this cell phone, and about 3 months after I received it I had some signal problems related with a damaged on the phone. Try to call Samsung, and they were unable to help, didn't even responded my emails. Such a disappointment, now I have to buy a new phone becuase Samsung do not want to even answer my request.

exelente producto ,muy bueno y llego a la hora el dia correcto, muy buena atencion de parte del vendedorgracias y saludos

Good product, came with all accessories, I received on the date indicated, I recommend it 100%, works perfectly, works with the network that I needed.

I considered this phone because the S3 was to big for my hands, the size is perfect for me. Is a nice phone, so far so good.

i AM VERY HAPPY WITH MY "MINI". BEFORE BUYING IT, I HAD A SAMSUNG ACE (IT DOESN'T EVEN COMPARE). THE MINI HAS A DIFFERENT OS, IT'S FAST, THE SCREEN IS LARGER WITH A BETTER RESOLUTION, AND OF COURSE A LARGER INTERNAL MEMORY, PLUS THE POSSIBILITY OF ADDING EXTERNAL MEMORY.  I PREFER IT TO THE S3 BECAUSE OF ITS SMALLER SIZE. I'VE DOWNLOADED ALL THE APPS I NEED, AND THE PHONE RUNS SMOOTHLY. THE CAMERA IS JUST AMAZINGTHIS PHONE IS COMPARABLE TO AN IPHONE 4 S, WITH MANY ADVANTAGES. I RECOMMEND TO SEE THIS PAGE: [...]I AM VERY HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE!

I bought this phone for my husband for xmas. He LOVES it. Its everything he wanted in a phone and more. After checking it out, both my mom and dad asked for the same phone. I have bought 3 phones from this seller now and all have come sealed, before the expected delivery date, and in perfect working condition. Would buy from this person again for sure. Thanks!

This is a fantastic phone in every way. It does everything I need to do to make my life easier each day. I rated it 4 star because the battery drains so fast and I have to charge it at least, twice a day. But apart from that, I love it.

I love this phone. It can do about anything. It's very sleek and easy to use. The only problem I have with it is that there is something wrong with the lock button. Like sometimes I'll press it and the whole phone will shut off and come back on. I think because the button stays down once its pushed.

i have about 2 months with it and is an exellente product a great phone almost like galaxy s3. best phone i ever have

I bought this phone and it was supposed to be new but it was at least 2 years old.  I have had problems with this company as they don't guarantee the phone.

This phone is great. Only thing the memory is too small. Should have had more though. But love it. The features are excellent

Grettins,Excellent Phone, my mother is very happy by Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1

I bought 2 of these for the family and they love them. No issues with Movistar in Peru. Highly recommended since they are not too big of a phone to carry in your pocket.

The new phone arrived promptly, and in great condition.My Digicil sim card I use in Haiti is too large for this phone.I was greatly disappointed! I had to send the phone back. I will replace it with a different phone but before I do I need to know which phone will work with my sim.

We are changing from Blackberry and now we are buying a new S3 mini, just to try with Android, Its look nice and works perfect

Sometimes the Samsung galaxy s3 mini is a Little bit slow. But generally it has everything you may need on a phone. Nice phone!

This phone has almost the same functions that the S3 but small size. Arrives on time in excellents conditions. I love this phone

The telephone works good, but the charger doesn't. Shame. I tried to charge the battery and it doesn't recovers energy.

After opening the package we found that the charger is a European charger. I don't remember that being stated in the product description.... (A quick email to Amazon Customer Service and the problem was solved! I get to keep the phone and also get a partial refund so I can go by an adapter! Thanks Amazon!)We have not activated the service for the phone yet so I will update the review after that.Update 8/30/13: I believe this is a T-mobile phone because whenever it starts the T-mobile logo displays instead of the Samsung Logo. That being said we had no problem activating the phone on net10 with teh AT&T; sim card.  I love all the great features on this phone! I definitely recommend it for anyone that doesn't want the bulk of the bigger galaxy S3.

I like the features it offer and the size of it. Just what I needed to replace my old HTC. I've been looking at phone for a while and I didn't want any big ones that are there.

There is not much to say what is not known already. Just that now is two generations behind (the S5 was announced few days before this review), but is still a great option to consider, and if you are in a budget, this cellphone just got better priced than before considering it's great, well known samsung quality. Buy it and enjoy it (although Moto G is a great option too, you just might want to check/compare them both and see what feets better your needs)

Thnak you very much,I am very happy witch your product.Quick delivery and all as described.In the future it will be possible to take advantage of your product again.Good luck.

It's unlocked & you can take it with you anywhere you travel in Europe. charged it as soon as we got it. it functioned properly. it has tons of features and worked with our carrier just fine.you need a carrier that use sim card.

Recommend to buyers who look for cheap and best phone, reason being It has all features in high quality for this price.Worst thing about this is, first i bought this from 3rd party seller through amazon, but the product was defective. After very loooooooong time and effort i got the refund. But when purchased directly from amazon's rack it was awesome.

Phone is exactly like its big brother with a few exceptions.  It has no indicator led light, so without sound notifications you can not know that you have any sort of messages.  The camera is a little less powerful and I think the battery life may be a bit shorter that its big brother Galaxay S3.  its a great phone.  I would recommend it any day.

Nice product, one of the bests in the market...slim, fast and effective for everything you can do with the phone

I took this phone to AT&T to get it activated. Was there over an hour, the tech could not activate the phone after trying several times. I contacted the seller and request to return it. Bottom-line, I got charged an expensive re-stocking fee for a phone my carrier could not activate because the seller claim when I returned it, they were able to activated it on their end. This is actually the first time I purchased something on Amazon that left me extremely displeased. I will never purchase a cell phone online ever again, thats for sure.

I definitely love my S3. Upgraded from the S2 and previously from an iphone. I will definitely stay with androids now on. The versatility of this phone is quite impressive and the resolution on the camera is good. I found this phone cheaper than at the local store and got it activated on T mobile ..

The charging cable provided with the phone has ROUND PINs and therefore is incompatible with the FLAT PIN sockets found in USA. I don't know how this essential fact got overlooked both by the seller and amazon product reviewer. I registered this inconsistency with Amazon Help Desk and they were accommadating in resolving this issue i.e. they are willing to provide me with a new charging adapter or cable.I have not used the phone for long, been two days since it was turned on when I noticed the charging cable issue. I hope there are no issues with the phone itself.

Great product at a great price, a real upgrade from my previous smart phone (BB)! Very easy to use as well

I was pleased and impressed with the speed and size of the SIII mini.  This is my first smart phone.

I am pleased to say that this has been an excellent acquisition, the phone works perfectly and meets all or most of the expectations that I had

I received the telephone it was the model that I ordered but the 3G band's are diferent's from the offer in the advertising said 3G 900, 3G 1900, 3G 2100 but this phone came with 3G 850, so for further information to buyers from Venezuela using Digitel as telephone carrier seek for the S3 mini GT-l8190n (international version). Taking that thought apart the phone it's stable, fast and good looking, the dual core procesor it's enough if you are not a high end user.

I'm upgrading from an old-skool iphone 3g, so almost any new smartphone will be an improvement.That being said, I like it after 3 weeks.It's fast, fits in my pocket, and all the features work excellent.The only problem is that sometimes it makes my left leg go numb.This is mostly because it forces me to sit longer on the toilet whilst I play with apps.

Mi esposa esta encantada (My wife is really happy)Mejor imposible (Better is imposible)Un excelente celular(An excelent cell phone)

I bought this one quite after it's release, as a replacement for a Sony Ericsson XPERIA mini x10. This one is much more faster. I love the screen resolution and it's size, not too big, not too small -unlike my previous micro smartphone-. In the future, I might consider buying the mini s5 or a more powerful Sony Ericsson.

It was good experience the phone is as described very good quality and the price was very good and the very good part is the shipping i got this phone in two days for free with the prime subscription it is worse it

This phone is a wonderful colour, it is what I needed and more. The amount of features this phone has is great, will buy another one for a friend.

Really cool phone and has all the features that I want..would recommend to anyone if they are looking for a sleek and nice phone

I connected the cell phone on the power supply but this not turn on,I changed the battery for a new battery but not turn on the cell phone. The cell phone is damaged.

The Samsung Galaxy S III Mini is amazing! I got it for my wife, thus the Unlocked feature. Then we opened an account with PureTalkUSA.com and for $10 per month, we have all the minutes and texting we need and more! The phone arrived when promised and is just short of magical. Now my wife can keep up with all of our emails and text back and forth with her friends. I would recommend this phone to anyone who loves gadgets. It is so simple to operate, I would also recommend it to anyone who is just now getting started with 21st century technology - this phone does it all for you!

It's OK, but it has some technical deficiencies that is not much a treat to the entire phone. The phone's speaker is noisy at times, and occasionally would cut off what the other person is saying. i like the phone because of the features it has. If the technical problems would be resolved it will be a great phone.

This phone was great for me. I use Consumer Cellular and wanted a good smart phone. They had 'em, just a bit behind the tech curve for me, even their top phone. For less money, I got this. It came unlocked (which I'd never had experience with) and was loaded (for me) with more up to date stuff, like Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean like my Nexus 7 came with. Consumer Cellular sent me a sim card (free) which I popped in, activated and BOOM, its all good. I love the easy connection to wifi and the great apps and being synched to everything else I use (Google). It is very customizable and if you've used android, easy to learn. I've only had it a couple of days, but I like it. Amazon Prime got it to me in two days, along with a nice bumper style case. Like I said, for me (59 years old) it is just what I need. Cameras both work good for my stuff. Haven't even tried the FM radio or music player or video viewer, cause that is what my other gadgets are for. But if I need 'em, this has got 'em.

I buy this phone from this seller, and i only have problems with the phone, first the battery only works for a couple of hours, and i had to buy o new battery because only in one week the battery stop charging, also, when i made a call i can hear anything only in loudspeaker , so also it has the normal speaker of the phone bad. i leave the phone in a technical center and the told to me that the phone was refurbished, because it has a label on the back where the battery is that means that.

Very good product, the attention was good and fast. I recommend this seller, hope keeps well, the product is of the expected quality and keeps attention. Thank you very much.

I bought this phone cause I like the samsung galaxy S3, but I find it too big, so this one was just perfect, and it cost the HALF. Its really nice, and I know its less powerfull tahn his big brother, but its work without any problem of lag, the screen display looks awesome, and I could continiu like this for ever.Its a awesome phone, abolutly recomend it.

I live in Ecuador and I picked this phone a few weeks ago in a trip to NYC, before I bought it I checked every network detail so this will work in my country, this is not the first phone I bought in Amazon to work in Ecuador, all the previous phones work perfectly: Blackerrys, Nokias even Samsung. When I turned on the phone it only worked in Edge, not in 3G so I write the seller and he tells me that it should work on 3G also, but I visited 3-4 stores where they guaranteed that this phone does not have the hardware necessary to work on 3G, I am extremely dissapointed, I lost my time and the phone does not work as it said it will work, I fell scammed.

This phone has finally made its way to brick-and-mortar stores in the US: as of April 29, 2013 T-Mobile sells it under the name "Galaxy Exhibit" for $235 (or $20 down and $9/month for 2 years). The name is quite confusing as a couple years ago Samsung came up with another similarly-named phone "Samsung Galaxy Exhibit 4G (T-Mobile),  t679" running Android 2.3. However, this phone does support 4G, even though it's not reflected in its name.Strangely, the status bar at the store was showing "4G" although the list of networks mode in the phone settings only shows GSM/WCDMA and GSM only - precisely the same settings that you'll see in S3 Mini. My daughter owns the original S3 Mini and it shows "H" on T-Mobile network instead of "4G" - which probably means HSPA+ (T-Mobile's version of 4G).The phone looks identical to S3 Mini and the only difference that I noticed is the list of available languages in the settings: unlike S3 Mini, which supports a few dozen languages, Galaxy Exhibit only supports a handful of languages.I wonder if this will push Amazon prices on S3 Mini down a bit.

I bought a original Samsung Galaxy S III Mini and you sent me a conterfiting Chinese and it doesn't work at all even for the same price.I want my money back immediately, I paid $284.87 to youYour phone is in UAE if you want it back, I can send it to you, but you have to pay for the shipping.

I love it, very versatile, I have a cell all I need, I'm happy with this phone, it is very easy handling, play, work, get distracted, conversations, chatting, surfing to help me get to places, super'm satisfied .

Great phone, one of the best, if not the best I ever used! In the past, I owned BIG SCREEN PHONES as Galaxy Note (with 5.3" screen, too heavy and too big) and wanted something smaller that I could hold in one hand comfortably. Since I am a true techie, I researched this phone for all specs as soon as it was released on several websites. Since this phone has EXCEEDED all of my expectations, here is my very detailed review of this very special and fun to use Mini S3 phone. My goal in this review is to help in your buying decision one way or the other regarding this phone.Update 8/24/13 - Just received today, the newest firmware/OS for the 4.1.2 OTA (on my phone directly) as it was updated from Samsung and this is very new at this date of Monday, August 5, 2013 and arrived in my phone's Notification area today. After the upgrade completed, I noticed at once that this phone is lightning fast and the touchscreen is very, very fast and responsive! This is the THIRD update that I received since I purchased this phone in April 2013. Each update is not that large, however, it enhances the performance of this phone. Very encouraged as if the updates keep coming regularly, perhaps4.2.2 will be coming to the S3 Mini. And from my research, it is possible that the S3 Mini may receive the 4.2 OS but it will be a while longer...Till then, I shall keep on trying to update and keep you informed...PROS:- SIZE AND WEIGHT: Perfect size for me as it fits easily into my jeans pocket or smallest purse. And I purchased a leather vertical case that clips to my waistband so I take it with me to the gym to listen to my music or radio when I work out.- STANDARD SIZED SIM CARD: The S3 Mini has a standard Sim card slot (unlike the full sized S3 that has a micro Sim slot). Good to know as I did not have to cut my Sim card, I just placed it into the S3 Mini and I was good to go, and I did not have to set up the APN settings for Internet and MMS as the setup did this for me automatically). This is good to know if you want to use your regular Sim card and not have to deal with settings yourself. What a great feature.- Phone call clarity etc. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc. I even had to turn down the volume quite a lot as the calls come in so well.- WiFi/3G (Internet): Connects to any WiFi I have tried very quickly and easily and the signal strength is excellent even when I am far from my router. And when not near a WiFi hotspot, I use AT&T; for data and easily get 3G and found the data to be very fast, almost as fast as my home WiFi is. (For browser, I installed Opera Mini free from Playstore and found it to be a very easy to use and fast browser).- Overall speed, performance, smoothness, picture quality of the screen--very fast and peppy. And I found a way to SAVE on both memory and on battery.  What I did was to go into Apps/ Manage Apps and DISABLED the apps I don't use. Without rooting the phone, you cannot uninstall pre-installed factory apps, but you can disable them. Disabling the ones you don't use makes the phone run faster and frees more memory! Since I am a techie, I know which ones to disable and which ones not to disable, so if in doubt, please ask me in the comments and I will be glad to assist you in this.- BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the BEST battery life of ANY smartphone or that I ever owned. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi or Data just when I need it and then turn it off, I get all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning).- EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone!And I placed a 32g in mine for music, files etc. *Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices (including Samsung) work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.- INTERNAL STORAGE SPACE:This phone is advertised at 8GB of Internal space. The 8GB is the space BEFORE the drive was formatted, OS installed and then factory apps installed. So what I had on the phone BEFORE I installed any apps it had 4.75GB left. This is how it is on any flash drive, SD card, Hard Drive as formatting alone takes up space.Also, since 3.0 Android and above, you cannot save any apps to your personal SD card. Instead the apps are installed one way or the other to the INTERNAL SPACE. However, the good thing is that your personal files as photos, music, videos, and more can be installed to your EXTERNAL SD Card so you do have that space for yourself.**I have a few apps I downloaded from the Playstore, but no games so I still have about 4.08 GB left on my phone for more apps later should I wish to install them.- Reading/Creating/Editing Word, Excel, Text Files and much more on this tablet: I downloaded a FREE APP called Kingsoft Office which I use for Office files (it reads, edits and creates Office files). And it also reads PDF eBooks so there is no need to download a separate PDF Reader app. *This is a MUST have if you have to read PDF or Word Docs etc, my docs are crisp and clear using this app.- CAMERA - The 5MP camera concerned me that is UNTIL I took both indoor and outdoor pictures and even video. Well, I was pleasantly surprised. When I printed out some close up and other shots, I was really happy with the detailing in the pictures. And it compared to the picture quality I had with my Samsung Galaxy Note with 8MP camera, so what a happy surprise! Turns out to be a pretty good camera.- Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.CONS:- Adobe Flash is not supported in this phone or ANY ANDROID DEVICE after 4.0 OS. The only way to get flash is to get a archived flash and use a high end browser such as Puffin or Maxthon Browser. So downloading the older archived flash gives the ability to view SOME internet videos, but this is better than no flash at all. Keep in mind this is a problem with ALL brands of Android devices with 4.0 OS and higher it is just after 4.0 Android came out, the NEW and best flash is NOT supported for Android devices. It is what it is...- Very small instruction "manual" provided with the tablet, however, I went to the Samsung site and downloaded the full manual and saved it in PDF on my laptop for reading anytime I need it. If you want the link for the manual, let you know in the comments and I will give it to you.- This phone will NOT accept an OTG (On the go) USB plug for flash drives, mice, etc. This was not a problem for me, I just plug in the USB Cable to copy files to the phone. So no big deal.-- International Phone so NO US WARRANTY. Not a problem for me because I have learned over time that if a device is going to fail, it usually does it within the first 30 days. This phone has been great--no problems at all!-- No NFC except on the model with the N on the model number. I do not use NFC so I have no problem with that.Bottom line: Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes I certainly would. Will this phone be the best for you? Yes, if you do not expect every bell and whistle feature from the BIG S3, want just the most important features, want a smaller and more lightweight phone that will do all the basic things of a Smartphone, then I totally recommend this phone!Hope this review has assisted you and thank you for reading it. Please feel free to ask me any questions in the comment area and I will answer all questions in a very timely manner.

good afternoon friend, I sold my phone is having problems, not for what reason, but to me damaged battery that came with more extra to buy here in Venezuela. we can do to fix this problem.thanksregards

battery drains fast, needs to charge often and tiresome. The processing is rather slow also but the pictures are nice.

I love the Samsung Galaxy S III Mini. I will recomende it.I am very happy with it. It is easy to work with.

Don't buy this phone. The buttons are so small. Texting was a nightmare. Pictures were good quality. I ended up returning mine because the buttons would lock so I couldn't unlock the phone or open aps! The dealer was great. I recommend the original Galaxy III and not the mini. There are better phones out there for the price of this one. Shop around.

1.- What should other customers know when considering this item?Brand, generation, proactivity and market rating.2.- What aspects of this item do you like or diskile?I like screen, isn't heavy, it is flat, practical and functional3.- How do you use this item?Communicate with my friend and family around the world as different apps that I can download. And know about breaking news.4.- What similar items have you used?Galaxy Ace5.- Was the quality of this item above or below you expectations?I rate this item 3.8 points. However it says that is 8GB but is just 4GB because doesn't bring the microSD or something else to be 8GB.

The phone works great and had no scratches. Battery could last a little longer but all together a decent phone. It was delivered rather quickly within the time limit given by product description.

good product. brand new and serves perfectly thanks for the sale. funiona me with the lines in my country Venezuela

I love the phone very much because it performs just like the computer. provides me with updates on weather and other features which I love to read always. It is highly modern and very current. good for research and any academic work.

This phone is the best one I've had to date. Unlocked. I took my sim card out, popped it in and worked just like the auction stated. Seller was spot on.

This Samsung Galaxy S III Mini, for me was a great surprise, its size, its display, its processor, memory everything!!!

I noticed the the battery didn't hold a charge very long and after about one week, the battery went dead and would not take charge. I purchased a new battery today for $52 and it is working so far.I also cannot add additional folders to my Yahoo mail. All incoming mail goes to inbox - including spam.For now, I am quite displeased with my phone and hoping the vendor will take care of my problems.

so glad i found this S3 mini on amazon. i personally am not a big fan of the 5.1 inch phones coming out nowadays, so this was a nice find

product excellent recommend,comfortable and lightweight with long-lasting battery,is versatile and very good definition of catches.comfortable and lightweight with long-lasting battery, is versatile and very good definition of catches. the quality is very good

Tiene un buen rendimiento, reci&eacute;n ha recibido la ultimas actualizaci&oacute;n a 4.1.2, excelente relacion costo-beneficio, tampoco se puede comparar con una tab o un galaxy S3, recordemos que es un equipo de gama media, que logra buenas prestaciones para las caracter&iacute;sticas que posee.

The phone is as described. It is slim and works well. The features are just outstanding. It's worth buying. Go for it if you can.

IT was much smaller than I thought, but works great.  I would def recommend this phone to any one. Great!!

the phone works great, fulfilled my expectations. the phone came with all accessories. very functional, zero problems. I recommend it. excellent

I have t-mobile in the US and the phone worked great. There were no issues with set up.The charger that I received with the phone did not work. However, when I alerted HassleFree, they sent out a new one right away, including shipping tracking info.  Things like that can happen, but great customer service makes a huge difference!

why wasnt a smaller non-inferior version made?  where is my 8mp camera resolution.  what they needed was a mini version with same specs for those with smaller hands...like the friend i ordered it for

I love this phone, exactly what I wanted, and price was great. Just wished it came with American type AC adapter, but not a big deal.

Loll I've just falling in love with this because of what I knew about it, and what I've found out after getting it, it surprised me with better.

The device is good from the hardware. The only problem i had was the small screen. So i switched to this device [...]

el telefono es bastante bueno, sin ninguna queja actualmente, recomendado 100%. sobre todo para los que viven en venezuela porque aqui vale como 9k

This phone is now an appendage of our teenager.  It is his third arm.  He loves loves loves it!  This phone meant more to him than a car.  Go figure.  The phone functions lovely.  Make sure you get a good rugged case.

I love this cellphone, it has the perfect size. the images are incredibly clear, the camera is very good and it is very easy to use

the item work perfecly. work whit international networks and is just like the description.very good phone thank you very much

Thought it would serves the purpose having a smart phone. We liked the features on it but for it's battery life

I am very very happy with this smartphone, is perfect for me. I can do much activities with it. It is great.

This product arrived on time and is exactly as advertised. It is not the biggest or necesarrily the fastest, but the phone has met all of my expectations and performed as advertised. Battery life has been very good.

When I receive an email I have to press the screen several times before it opens up and I can see the message. Beautiful cell but slow.

Perfect size and features for a good medium priced smart phone.  Does everything I want and more,  battery life is normally two days.

cell excellent, comfortable and with good performance. it combines the useful with practical.definitely one of the best in the Galaxy's

This is just one of the best cellphones i ever had.I had no issues with the delivery, and talking about the cellphone, is just great, the material is very good, the screen is strong, the cover is very good, easy to take off and at the same time, is secure.Talking about the funtions of the cellphone, is very good, i had all i need in there, emails, gps, camara, application (lots of them), games, message, calls, anything, is multitasking, and all that u imagine, is in there.There is only 1 think i dont like, the position and/or the sensibility of the power on/block/unblock button, is impossible to take a call o just take the phone, without clic on that bottom.

Hi guys,I must admit that I when I purchased this mobile, I was a little afraid. I had read lots of reviews and watched some videos on YouTube before the purchase. Anyway, I was worried mainly because of the screen resolution (480 x 800, that means no HD), the battery life and the size of the screen.I can tell you, this mobile is just awesome! It comes with Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean installed, which is so beautiful and fluid. The screen is great, battery life is very good and the size of the screen is, in my opinion, perfect. I've never considered the &#34;regular&#34; Samsung Galaxy S3 because it is way to big for me. I wanted something quite small (although the screen is bigger than an iPod touch 4th gen), responsible, attractive and efective. This mobile is excellent for me! :-).The mobile accept 3G, it has smart stay, and all those &#34;high-tech&#34; features like his bigger brother the S3.I will reply any question you might have about this device and update this review next saturday.SPANISH:Hola! Debo decirles que antes de comprar este tel&eacute;fono tenia un poco de miedo con respecto a la pantalla, ya sea al tama&ntilde;o como a la resolucion de la misma (no es HD). Tambien estaba desconfiando un poco por las reviews que le&iacute; y videos que vi, sobre la duraci&oacute;n de la bater&iacute;a. Sinceramente el telefono me ENCANTA, yo vivo en Argentina y funciona perfectamente con las redes de ac&aacute;. La pantalla es realmente muy muy buena, todo se ve fluido y es incre&iacute;ble. El tama&ntilde;o tambien es muy bueno, en mi opinion es el tama&ntilde;o perfecto, ya que un Galaxy S3 de los comunes me parece excesivamente grande.El telefono viene con Android 4.1.1 y apenas lo compr&eacute; se me actualizaron unos paquetes (pero sin cambiar de versi&oacute;n). Para los que pasen de un celular con Android 2.2 o 2.3, les puedo asegurar que estamos hablando de dos cosas totalmente distintas. Les cuento que lo que avanz&oacute; este sistema operativo durante los ultimos meses es impresionante.En cuanto a la c&aacute;mara y a la bater&iacute;a, no tuve mucho tiempo de evaluarlos muy a fondo (durante estos d&iacute;as voy a subir un update de mi review sobre estos temas), pero incluso usando un fondo de pantalla de los din&aacute;micos (live wallpaper) la bater&iacute;a ha durado todo un d&iacute;a.Con respecto al tel&eacute;fono en general, anda perfecto sin ning&uacute;n problema. Todo es muy fluido y no hay ning&uacute;n tipo de lag.Cualquier duda que tengan no duden en preguntarme, les contestar&eacute; lo antes posible.Saludos!

I purchased a Samsung Galaxy 3S Mini (Jelly Bean 4.1.2, Model GT-I8190, European (France) unlocked)from a vendor in the States. This phone recognizes Samsung 64GB Extreme microSDXC Class10 UHS-I (Model: MB-MGCGB/AM) with no problem. The available space is 58.54GB. There is no need to format the card to FAT32.My phone is from France. Since I don't know French, the only inconvenience is to find the setting to switch the language from French to English on the first boot.

Smasung Galaxy s3 has attended all my expectations. It has a good camera, its very easy to find the apps and do the basic operations.  The quality and definition of the screen can satisfy even the most demanding person.

this item was in better condition then spected, absolutely nothing signs or scratch, I am very glad with this phone

the transaction was easy, and arrived in a timely manner.  Unfortuneatly , I had to send it back.  This was my fault.  When reading the discription of the phone, I was looking for compatibility to Verizon.  Which, if I knew what the Network call letters were, I would have realized that this is not a Verizon compatible phone.  After it was too late to stop order, is when I went to Customer Q&A.  I would still order from this company.  Amazon was great with helping me get a return label and I will receive a refund for the phone.  Thank you for great service!!!!!

My first &#34;smartphone&#34; and what a great choice! This phone does everything! and it comes with a ton of memory! Very sleek, love the size, and beautiful color graphics. Great camera, terrific sound quality! Unbelievable buy! Fast shipping, too!

Nice brand new phone. Color is good. Fits right in your palm. I liked mini more than S3. Android 4.1.2

perfect  aasdasda sa dasd as dasd as as dsa a asd as sa as das asda das ads as das

Love this phone. I and my wife both have the same phone now. We have been using it now for some time and just love all the features it has.

I really loved it! It is just perfect. It was a low price for a great phone.More than I expected.

I got the original samung galaxy s instead.  There was an lg charger instead of samsung and wasn't unlocked.  The second time i ordered a phone and got totally the opposite.  The Slll is a great phone but hate this seller. Will return!!!

It is a very comfortable phone. its touchscreen is fascinating and its display is very good. I would recommend, greetings

Bought to use at work and home. Web access works well and mini size is better suited to space needed on job and in my hands.Seems to hold charge well but I'm not constantly on the phone so I'd expect that from this type of design.A little slippery to use and would have placed the side control buttons lower on the phone to keep from hitting them unnecessarily.Guess I could buy a protecting cover to alleviate part of that problem but would make it crowded in carrying case.Hard to see in outdoor light but otherwise great graphics. Lot's of unnecessary Samsung apps but kinda expected that. They can be disabled to an extent. Would be nice to have a manual with phone instead of having to download it.Overall quite pleased with the purchase after three months of use.

i bought that cell phone and since the firts time i used, worked bad.itself off, not working properly, does not load well and I have tried to communicate with amazon and nobody gives me an answer its a bad phone and lousy service, although I have the warranty, no one gives me solution

My only problem is that the buttons on the galaxy are not that touch responsive.Sometimes it's real hard to go back to the main menu or display the other menus throughout the phone.

I got the phone it looks good but the battery does not belong to my phone! Is there any solution?

excellent, I already recibed teh cellphone and its wonderfull it has no problems and it's in perfect shapethank u very much

Purchased item from Deltamobiles which describes the item as NEW and SEALED i8190 American Model. I received an UNSEALED and USED i8190L Latin Model. So disappointed. RETURNED!!!

Very Good

This phone is the best out of 2 worlds. It has all the features of a high end phone, with Jelly Bean, which I really was looking forward to.And it is a &#34;compact&#34; phone, that does not take that much amount of space in your jeans pockets, or where ever you take it with you.You can read features reviews everywhere, Im sure there are better phones out there, but this has style, features, portability, and price, and that was a great mixture for me.The seller did everything as stated. None problems at all.

i love my baby samsung galaxy s3 mini thanks verry much for this item congratulations for  all im so happy

Very good I like this telephone. I recived this on time and I haven't any problem with de purchase. Thank you

I was worried about compatibility with T-mobile 3G in the US, but I've seen no issues. All phone features and apps seem to work just fine. Really nice phone.

THE PRODUCT CAME WITH HEADSET AND PROBLEMS IN VARIOUS S3 MINI E PURCHASED AND IS THE ONE THAT I PRESENT THIS PROBLEM

Very good product, i like this very much, the box was very good and excellent size por everyone of this world

very good product, but it comes with built Spanish language. not specified in detail that is international version, though I imagine that you can download other languages. thanks for attention

Este telefono es fantastic. I like very very much. Sus system is is excellent. Llego super rapido y sin completely

its a complete fraud, i live in venezuela, and it didn't work with any telephone company because the signal was blocked, like if it were a stolen phone who was reported. i called the samsung and they told me its not an original phone its a chinese version, all are made in chine of course but this version was a copy. after i went to many technicians i was disappointed because nobody could fix it, i lost my money.

I loved my mini until it died and now it won't turn back on. I had it charging all day and it still won't turn on. It's a great phone, just don't let the battery get to 0% :(

I have left fall this 2 times from more than 1 m over concrete (by accidentm, obviously). The 2 times it happens I had to change the plastic screen, paying a lot. This screen its not strong as claim, in fact, its very weak.

This is the most advanced smartphone to the size it is, is surprising and beautiful, still I can not believe what I can do

After purchasing several unlocked phones over the years, I have finally found a keeper. I have probably owned 5-6 android phones in the past 5 years and I must say this is the first glitch free phone I have had. Jelly bean is still a relatively new platform so some aps are still not on here but the ones that are seem to be much better than the cupcake versions I have been on the past year or so.

Be very skeptical of &#34;international&#34; phones. This one came with the French language on it and a power outlet connection for another country. After putzing around with it I got it to work OK and charged it through the USB cable. However, that is only on the computer or with a US Samsung adaptor on an outlet. The voltage is different in other countries, so you can't charge it on a car charger port (although you can charge it if you have a USB port in your car). After 5 months, the phone gave a message that the battery will not take a charge. I brought it to a cell phone repair shop and they placed a larger Samsung battery in the power slots of the phone to turn it on. That reset the phone charger, so it took a charge again with the battery. The guy told me that the phone charger is probably shot and it would cost $80 to repair. I took it home to try my luck again. However, after 3 weeks I had the same problem. There is no warranty with this phone and Amazon can't help after a couple months. I contacted Samsung and they said they can't help because it was with Samsung Africa. They gave me a number to call in Africa. No joke. I didn't bother. I sold the phone for a loss, and purchased a regular Galaxy s3. If you look around, you can get a new one for the same price as this or cheaper and with low cost, no contract cell phone plans (Wal Mart Family Mobile, Straight Talk, Virgin Mobile, etc.) Plus the Galaxy s3 is far superior to the mini and much more reliable. The faster processor, gorilla glass, 16gb memory, 4g capability and other features just make it a better phone. It is much easier to use and parts are more commercially available. I liked the idea of a smaller Galaxy s3, but it just isn't worth it. Save your money and time and look elsewhere.

the best value for money option now, but his memory is actually only 4GB very fast processor and its screen is lush

realmente es un producto maravilloso.Lo unico es que viene sin el manual y no he logrado bajarlo de la redSin embargo es un producto lleno de abances tecnologicos . Espero descubrirlos todos

I truly enjoy this phone. I lost my S III which is a 16G, but I was not prepared to spend over $500 for a replacement since I did not have the sense to add insurance. I found the mini and it works and performs just fine for my needs. I will more than likely replace it with the 16G and give this one to my son. For now, this works for me.

My wife love this little phone, I have the SGS3 and I think this litlle phone is very great, BB finally came out

the phone is new and it works perfectly, it meets all the requirement that i needed and an excellent applications. The phone is slim and very good to handle. The phone was shipped at the right time and it was in a good condition. I will recommend this seller to anyone

I have no issues, works well. aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa aa aa

I've had this for about a couple months and not happy with it. I should have stuck with the HTC mini. Then again it might be my carrier, AIO. It's unreliable and doesn't have adequate volume.

Excellent Product, but it appears this device came from Europe as the AC Adapter is such and also the documentation.

Easy to use, light,  friendly use, works internationalli, really love it. Arrived on time, exactly as requested. I recommend the product

the box was different, the phone is color blue and in the box says color white, everything else is ok

I was very happy but the smartphone have problems, the smart phone restarted. I only programs I installed social networking (facebook, BBM, Line, etc). I feel I wasted my money.

just perfect!! I love my cell phone it is what I want it.... perfect size, color and functionality I love it!! Thanks!

I have always favored Samsung cell phones over other brands because I tend to break a lot of phones and Samsungs normally take a beating. When the Samsung Galaxy s III came out I was so excited but couldn't afford such a high price. I have a prepaid plan through Net10 so I would have to purchase the phone at retail price. Anyways, one of my friends got the Samsung Galaxy s3 and I thought the think was huge! She let me play with it and it was an incredible phone but was uncomfortable to hold in my hand and to even carry around. I don't carry a purse so my phone is in my hand or pocket when I go somewhere. I was so upset to find out the phone I have wanted for over a year was too big and ackward for me. Then, as I was searching around for a different phone that I could afford, I saw that they had a mini! It was a great price compared to all the others I looked at. It has everything I need in it and fits comfortablely in my hand and pocket. If you looking for a great phone that is is not large then this is a great match. It works beautifully and has an awesome camera that takes front and back pictures. I can take pictures of my son and with my son without worrying about holding the phone right. Oh anyone who has a prepaid plan, this phone takes a standard sim card.

Hello, first my english is bad, I just wanted to know if buying one is the original version of Samsung (Unlocked) or CHINA version? Thanks for your answer!

I am from Venezuela and this phone really meets my expectation. It works 3g and H for Movistar and I suppose is the same for Movilnet. I used to have a BB 9380 so I just inserted the SIM card with the same pre-paid plan and Bingo! it works fine. At first I could not see the 3g or H but when you turn off the wi-fi or get out of range it shows 3g or H. (H is grater than 3g, 3.5 aprox). Just had a little problem using whatsapp (Incoming sms only through wi-fi) but it was a configuration problem. The battery doesn't last all day, but it depends on what you turn on, brightness and others. If you listen music, see videos or download stuff, take your charger with you or buy an additional battery or an extended one. In general, this is an excellent phone, not too big not too small, great response, looks sharp, a lot of free sofware, games.I hope this was help full to you.

It is a very good phone for a good price, excellent for everyone with a great style and with size about to right

The phone looked good, operated well. I was planning to gift this to my cousin who lives overseas. I ordered this phone and got it on time, but just 2 days before the journey overseas and when I tried to use the phone with a GSM sim, it said ..

Muy buen tel&eacute;fono, todo bien, muy r&aacute;pido, buenas fotos, corren bien las aplicaciones, pantalla n&iacute;tida, buenos colores, 8 Gb de memoria interna.

es un vendedor serio y responsable, cumpliendo a la fecha lo solicitado por lo cual se recomienda ampliante con confianza

I dont have a review I just want to know if if the wastsapp application can be downloaded on the mini

RECIBI EL MOVIL EN TIEMPO Y FORMA,ESTA TODO IMPECABLE.LO RECIBIERON EN UN HOTEL PUES YO SOY DEL EXTERIOR DE ESTADOS UNIDOS Y CUANDO LLEGUE AL HOTEL ESTABA LA ENTREGA ALLI.

This phone is great perfect size for me and the features are wonderful  Regular size sim card works great so no worries here!

Purchased this product as a gift. I considered the S4 Mini, however the S3 is better value as it is the older model.

Phone is exactly as expected and advertised. No issues in the almost one month I have been using it so far. Shipping was very quick and packaging seemed perfectly intact and sealed.

I asked for an original Samsung SIII Mini, and I received a SFR French Telco new SIIIMini with  french software and apps, that are useless. Unfair for my understanding.

I love it this cell phone. Samsung is the better mark for me. The phone is in state perfect. Is very nice.

This phone is a gift to my wife - who has long needed a better phone than the 2002 model she has been using.  You remember--- single/double/triple clicking the keypad to tap out SMS.  This phone is a bit smaller than the popular &#34;roofing shingle&#34; slabs, and it is a better fit for her hand.  She is overseas now, using this phone as her main communicating device.  She really likes this phone  -  so I do, too.

The phone works pretty good but the advertisement wasn't quite right. Supposed to be 8G for space and if you go into the settings it says total space is 4.52G which is way off from 8G. I filled it up pretty quick. It doesn't have SBeam as well which was something I wanted or that is what sold me. I wanted the smaller phone (mini) so this one is a little bigger than the samsung admire but functions better than the admire. I already have the phone almost filled up and have the apps I was interested in but not too much more for other apps. Also if you never had one of these android phones, the programs are like commercials. Many of the free one's have permissions you have to agree to when you install it.Also you should buy a screen protector. Scratched glass slightly first month of use. Now you see some shine of color in a white background.Battery life doesn't last too long as well. You can kill a battery in 5 hours of use. (1500mAh)

I was so excited when I recieved this phone and immediately had it activated at my local cell phone store.  I had it activated with a T-Mobile SIM card and was told that everything would work fine!  Once I got the phone home and started playing with it, I noticed that the touch screen doesnt really work!  The screen freezes every few min and I have to remove the battery to restart.  I tried some troubleshooting that I found online which did not solve the problem.  I called Samsung and since it is an international version, they cannot help me and told me to contact the seller.  I also talked to Amazon, who also told me to contact the seller.  I contacted the seller and they do not answer the phone!! I purchased from CELLPHONESHOP.  I love this phone but cant spend that much money on a phone that only works sometimes.  If I could get ahold of the seller, at least they could tell me if this is a common problem with these phones or if I just got a dud.  I dont know what to do .  I will probably have to return it :(  Good thing I always purchase items who are fulfilled by Amazon for easy returns under these circumstances.

this is an excellent phone, it's smaller as i want, good responsive, i came from a galaxy ace and the difference is bigger, i really recommend this product

We bought this phone as a gift but I think we will be buying another one for us. It is smaller than the HTC we have. The phone fits comfortably in your hand but still gives you a nice big screen. The features and function of this phone are great and it arrived on time and in good condition. We are very happy with this purchase.

S GSIII is Great.. The super amoled screen exceeds other smarts phones, is very light, very intelligent and high performance..

Overall it's a good cell phone but it's to slow. I expected a better phone. This is my second Samsung and I am still having the same problems.

For phones, I like Samsung products. I was looking for a simple (unlocked) phone with no contract. There were so many to choose from. I have heard that the Galaxy S4 is really good with so many features; however it is bigger and requires a contract. Being pragmatic as I am with a budget in mind for a phone, I came across this phone while searching at Amazon. I'm a Prime member and thus, am qualified for a 6 month 0 interest financing. The pebble blue SIII mini is really good and still has many features as a phone. I bought this phone from Worldwide Distributors (very good) and the phone (Android 4.1.2) arrived earlier than the target delivery date. The phone has a French language manual (European model). Being familiar with Android phones and tablets, it was easier for me to browse through the settings and change the language setting in English (US). I have disabled the apps that I don't use and battery life is very satisfactory. I like the 4 inch screen and it's perfect for my hand. I bought the CIMO black case cover and the color blended perfectly with the pebble blue. The CIMO cover really surprised me and it fits perfectly on the phone.I would highly recommend this Samsung Galaxy SIII mini to those people who will use it primarily as a phone. Of course, there are so many features and apps that goes with it if you want to connect to the internet or use it with a plan. In my case, I use the tablet/s for my internet browsing or other tasks related to it. Enjoy shopping at Amazon!

Really very good product. I am enjoying a lot this phone.It has shiped at time, and arrived in excellent conditions. Fine!

Very powerfull Cellphone.Has a good performance in all his features.The camera take very well the pictures and the cellphone have a good processor in order to give us a good performance.

This is my first official Android phone outside of the Blackberry Curve and I love it! For a short time I switched over to the cheapest Wal-Mart brand Go Phone possible to save on money and well you get what you pay for. I have had this phone for about a week and I must say it is a breath of fresh air. I am able to do everything that I wanted...I've downloaded about 5 apps so far from Google Apps. I have taken about 10 pictures.......all FANTASTIC. I haven't taken off the factory screen protector yet until my screen protectors arrive in the mail.I read other reviews, took advice given and will say that with everything turned off (Wi-Fi, GPS, and Bluetooth) my battery still does not last throughout the entire day. This is coming from someone who sits in front of a computer all day in a cubicle so no I have not been searching the internet on my phone or making phone calls during the daytime. This is the only reason I am giving it 4 stars BUT I am going to count it towards the possibility that maybe it is the battery. I have purchased two sets of batteries (Amazon Product: Onite 2x 1700mAh Li-ion Battery for Samsung I8190 Galaxy S3 / S III mini,Samsung Galaxy S Duos S7562 / Samsung Galaxy Ace 2 I8160, with Charger) in hopes to balance this issue out. In other reviews I learned that one drop can shatter the screen so it was a no-brainer to purchase a cell phone case that could provide protection (Amazon Product: HHI Flip Wallet Case with Stand for Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini - Gray (Package include a HandHelditems Sketch Stylus Pen).The phone is what you make of it and the possibilities are endless. By the way, I have no speed issues. I am currently on AT&T; $65 Smartphone Monthly Plan with 1GB Data I am loving it so far but will more than likely switch to Alltel as the signal is not that great in my home where I do the majority of my texting. Gotta love unlocked phones and the ability to switch services!

all the funcionability is awesome great equip the last in technology, little, ergonomic, but powerful, i recommend this phone to all android lovers!!

Thanks I love This Phone had an iPhone 4 for two years and I replaced it with this one. I have been able to use some of the features but not all as I am Still waiting on my Simcard to arrive. I have always loved samsung products but I wanted to give Apple a try But The Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini beats it by a long shot.

Like the feel of this mini,  screen size ...apps are amazing, easy to understand ,would recommend to anyone with a preference for smaller device

It has a good price for its configuration. It's light, has a beautiful design and it gives quick response to the touch.

I broke down and bought this because I wanted a smaller sized phone, and got tired of waiting for TMobile to port over an SIII mini or the now promised S4 mini. Some people don't want a 5 inch screen. This is still a bit bigger than I'd prefer, but the screen is beautiful. OLED screens are quite nice.Pros: smallish form factor, thin, nice screen, fast processor, everything seems to work, newer version of androidCons:- power buttn is far too easy to push in pocket, requires a case to prevent that.- poor syncing with google. It seems better to use the native Samsung apps, which is uneccesarily complex, especially if you were used to using the native android google apps. I'm talking mainly gmail, calendar. Contacts work OK. It's really annoying when you set them phone up, to A) figure out that gmail syncing simpl6y doesn't work well, and then B) figurte out how to use the native Samsung apps AND have them sync with google. On the other hand, the native Samsung apps are nice.- Using this unlocked on Tmobile, it doesn't have the 1700 MHz band for Tmobile 3G and up, so you only get 3g+ in areas where TMobile has fully converted their towers to the 1900 MHz band. However, that is ongoing, and it seems to have mostly happened in my area. That said, I wouldn't say my internet is much faster than with my old LG optimus. That's probably a TMobile thing.- Again, it';s very easy to turn the darn thing on in your pocket, you ought to be able to specify which buttons activate it.- Battery life is basically one day. Don't expect to get 2 days out of it.

Half a year to buy this phone makes and it has gone very well, arrived in perfect condition, worked directly on the Movistar en my country without any problems, and I bought it as a gift for my mother and she is fascinated.

It's a good smartphone, but not the best..  I found out that sometimes when playing games it freezes the screen, maybe it's because of the multitask i don't know, but if you are gonna buy it, I strongly recommend to purchase a SD card.

I was not aware that this was primarliy a European phone when it was advertised as &#34;international.&#34;  It took some time for me to get it up and running.  Due to this I was initially unhappy with the phone and was going to return it,  but one stop a my service provider store and the problems were worked out.  I contacted the seller and they were more than willing to take the phone back, but wondered why I was having some much trouble.  Main problem is that the phone takes a regular SIM and not a mini version card as shown on the specs.  Once that mystery was solved all a was golden.  Like the compactness of the phone.  If there is any problem with it is that the ringtone volumn is not loud enough for me even when it is turned up all the way but I can live with  that since it is mostly in my pocket.

This is my 1st smart phone so I have nothing to compare it to but after having it for a month, I have no complaints and still really like it.  I am in US and used the phone for a short time with Tmobiles prepaid plan and now use it with their new Simple Choice plan that has no contract.  It worked well with both plans.I read plenty of reviews before my purchase and am glad I did as it prepared me for the phone being received with French as the main language.  It only took 5 minutes with my laptop and Google translator and I had the phone changed to English.  I also had to change other settings like temperature from C to F but it wasn't a big deal to me maybe b/c it was expected.  Plus, you can find an English manual online.  Just go to Samsung website or google i8190 manual. (The french one it came with was only the short version anyway.)Something I didn't think of was the plug in charger being international too.  Luckily the phone came with an adaptor.  I don't know if all the shippers do this.  I had it shipped from Worldwide Distributors.  I was concerned when I received the phone b/c I noticed that while the safety seal on the product box was intact, there was another underneath it that had been previously opened.  I thought maybe I had received a refurbished phone but when I emailed them, they replied right away and let me know that being an international phone, it would've been opened by Customs and resealed when it came to the US.  They said I could confirm the info with Samsung by providing my serial# but I didn't go that far.I think the phone is easy to use and I like the 4.1.2 operating system.  It has some nice updates that my sister's Gingerbread phone doesn't have.  And I like the size much better than the huge phones that seem so popular now.Call quality seems good.  I can hear callers OK and they can hear me.  I do wish the volume could go just a little higher at times like when I'm using the speaker option in the car w/ a lot of road noise, but overall it's OK.  Volume is fine when I use my headset.  Also at 1st my Mom had trouble hearing me on speaker, but now I remove the gel cover when I talk on speaker and haven't had any issues since.  (No one else complained)Regarding comments that phone is not 8GB....it is.  The android OS and apps added to phone before purchased eat up alot of GB...mine had just over 4GB available when I got it which is enough for me.  You can add an SD card for more space too.Hope my comments help!

Delivery was swift.  I'm not proficient with these new smart phones.  My son set it up for me, and it was definitely a change from my old flip phone.  I'm glad to be the owner of a &#34;smart phone&#34; and am catching up with modern technology.  This phone has an &#34;ease of use&#34; and I'm adding new apps with ease.  Thank you.

I am very satisfied with my Galaxy S3 mini. The phone functions very well. I have no issues with any of the functions. Except for one function,my MMS is not functioning right. But that is not the sellers fault. It is Straight Talks fault. I am very happy how the seller is handling everything. I have called and talked to the seller and they were very, very helpful and so determined to go beyond the call of duty, in trying to help me to get it fixed.They called me out of the blue to help me resolve the issue. They even told me I could return the phone if I wanted to.So I am satisfied the way they handle everything.I will do business with them again. I love my phone.

It's the best phone I ever had! The right size, smooth performance. Enough internal storage for my needs... The materials are better than expected. the glass is oil proof so no fingerprints most times. The battery life its way better than other smartphones. The camera takes pretty sharp pictures. I'm very pleased with this purchase.

I love this version of the samsung because it is lightweight and I liked its design. 100% recommend this product.

I was doubtful on buying this phone, I'm more into blackberry but my kids convinced me on trying androids. I like this phone very much. It's light, well performance. I'm still getting used to the qwerty keyboard :)

Is not what I ordered, I bought two Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android, I recieved two Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 4GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android :(

The Samsung S3 Mini offers everything I needed or wanted from a phone. The phone has Jelly Bean preinstalled, S-Voice, and plenty of other apps and widgets to get you started as soon as you unbox it.  As far as the battery is concerned, I haven't had any problems with a charge lasting all day but that depends on the person.  I would say I am a moderate user, I keep the GPS turned off when not in use and use the power saving features. If the battery is not large enough for you, there are extended capacity batteries, external backup phone cases or external battery banks.The Kies program available for download from Samsung is very user friendly for transferring files from an old phone or syncing files with a computer.  The manual packaged with the phone was not in English but is available from Samsung's website as a PDF. The downloaded manual is VERY easy to understand, with step by step instructions and illustrations.I am using this phone on Straight Talk, with an AT&T; SIM card and had no problems getting it set up.  As far as Data connection, I am usually on Wi-Fi but have used it with HSDPA, Edge, and 3G.

good afternoon,I need someone to answer me on the equipment you buy in past days which get damaged is the second time this has happened,,, which means that you are not serious, I dedicate to give these bad Related Web pages amazon until you get a solution to my problemregards

I got it as a birthday present for my special someone. Much better than anything by Apple because it's not hostage to iTunes.

I love Samsung product, but I am very disappointed from this one. Since day one I had to charge the battery every day with no much use. After one week the screen went dead. Now I have to deal with all return headache.After I install new battery, the phone works just fine.I give three stars because of bad customer service

It is a very good phone but I personally like Iphones better. However I can't complain about this phone's functions

Muy rapida el envio y en excelente condiciones, lo recomiendo, gente muy responsable, si recibi lo que esperaba, muchas gracias

Excellent, does everything, perfect size, a bit slow while openning apps perhaps but for its price can't complain. &#34;Two more words required!&#34;

A few weeks after buying this phone battery ran out and would not charge anymore. Sent to Samsung dealer who said battery was not original and had to be replaced which I did for $50. Now the same thing happened with this new battery and there is no way I can recharge it. Took to several shops and they all said it s hopeless, I should throw the phone away! Worst possible experience!
