
I was receive the phone,and then insert the SIM card into the phone ,everything is OK,but 2,3minutes later doesn't work incoming call&outgoing; call,and then i was thought SIM card problem,So i change another SIM card but doesn't work again.I changed 3 new sim card ,that cost is $85 with 1service card .Finally i found it the problem is the phone. I called immediately amazon centre ,and then i told them what is was happen,and then they refund my money.

It was a very good deal.. was the way it was described.. cosmetic condition was too good!! And totally functional

worst experience ever i have

The iPhone blows away previous models! Lighter, bigger screen, it evens seems sharper. The LTE is so much faster than 3G. I love it!

Bought this for our daughter for Christmas.  I was a little nervous but it worked great with her plan.  This iPhone is great and she loved it.  She had an iPhone 4 before and this is so much more intuitive.  It really is worth upgrading.

Came on time and was in excellent condition. Great phone! Battery life is a little shot and drains quickly..

This I - Phone was listed in great condition no scratches, no dents or chips. They claimed it was used with an Otterbox and unfortunately the phone arrived with a long scratch on screen and chips on the sides of phone. Definitely not what I expected. I KNOW IT WAS USED BUT I EXPECT AN HONEST DESCRIPTION. NOT HAPPY!!!!!

They sent a used or refurbished phone and sold it to me as new. The packing or box in which the phone came in was awful.Worst part is they put a tape on the box to seal it while they show a factory sealed phone on the product picture. And state it's brand new in box.Here's news to you &#34;mobile deals&#34; you're a scam company not a real company.I will make sure people don't buy from you because you're cheating your customers.Amazon, the trust we have put in you it's waning because of you letting these dubious sellers sell stuff on your site like this.Being a prime customer ordering thousands of dollars worth merchandise doesn't really make us feel happy if we have to deal wIth stuff like this.I could have easily gone and bought on eBay. That trust is now lost.If you don't wake up, you're the next BlackBerry.

Everything tou need in a cell phone but way more than that. It is increadibly fast and a must have tool.

Phone arrived quickly and we are pleased with the phone

This phone arrived quickly and in better shape than they reported.One has to be skeptical for tech devices, but I felt very comfortable after receiving the product and would definitely order from them again.

Two screws at the bottom on the outside! iphone ever been apart. The sim card into the phone can not search signal&#65288;Shows no sim card&#65289;, the same sim card into another phone has a signal. Until now the phone can not be activated, you can not use the iphone&#12290;I contacted customer service, and to repair my phone. Customer service attitude was okay, but the quality of the phone has not be guaranteed.

BUY this phone, it is the best i phone yet. Faster, bigger and better. Siri is way better than the 4s and this phone can do allot more stuff. Would recommend to everyone.

The iPhone blows away previous models! Lighter, bigger screen, it evens seems sharper.  The LTE is so much faster than 3G.  I love it!

Excellent! I bought the refurbished product and straight out of the box it was basically brand new. No scratches or dings at all. Also has great form factor and super lightweight. Works great with iOS 7 and it has great battery life! Typically lasts about 1.5 - 1.75 days with moderate use. I frequently use it during the day to access apps for work and review emails and texts. I don't spend too much time talking on the phone during the work day, though. What made me switch back to iOS after having my galaxy s3 was the ability to backup apps and more importantly all of the app data to the cloud. It automatically backs up at the end of the day when I plug it in at bedtime because I leave my Bluetooth and wi-if on 24/7. Don't think I'll ever go back to android again.

The phone looks like great when you see it. But I want to use for T mobile and I paid $89.99 to unlock it. After 3 weeks they told me that, they were unable to unlock it because the phone was not found in the  data base. Again I ordered with another company to unlock. Today is one week since I recorded and still not yet unlocked. If still not found I gonna trash it as i am not able to use for my intended purpose.

This item was sent wrapped in Walmart bags and had a crack by the camera and dents and dings all over it

DISCLAIMER: I did not buy this from Amazon.This is by far the best iPhone to date.  The hardware is fantastic!  The processor keeps up with newer models and the screen resolution is top notch.  I love everything about it and would undoubtedly buy it again if need be.

Horrible, horrible, horrible. This phone shuts down whenever in the vicinity of 25% which is a clear hardware issue that was not mentioned, and after 3 days of use, the top lock button doesn't work at all!!!!! I sent them a message concerning this issues and all I got back was an automated message stating that REFUNDS POLICY takes %20 of the money and sends you back the 80%, which in this case would be a whole 120 dollars.. People please don't mess up like me, ask and question the seller on the device before you're stuck with something unusable..

I received the mobile as described.But the charger was missing.I hope this will not happen next time.Bye

Be careful! Don't be the next fool. Don't trust AT&T even it has a big name. Instead of winning customers with honor, they use the name to cheat their customers by selling defected products and lie. They sold me an IPhone 5 as a brand new phone in sealed box with one year warranty, but it came with as used with draining battery and software problems. I took the phone to an Apple store and was told the phone was sold as refurbished more than a year ago and it's out of warranty already. I have to pay by my own for any job done. I called AT&T to complain, they told me they have nothing to do with it and I have to deal with Apple myself. Apple store would charge me about &200 to fix the problems. I don't know how many people were fooled like me by AT&T, but don't be the next!

I really like the phone I got, works perfectly! The order was shipped in a good amount of time. I thought it was going to take longer to get it but I got it right away.

My son is very pleased with his new phone and says that it is all he expected.  The price was a good deal for me.

I purchased this iPhone for my daugher a few weeks a go.. It first took over two weeks to receive. After finally receiving it discovered that the keyboard was not functioning correctly. In other words certain keys where just not working. How disappointing!! They apologized and asked me to send them a receipt of my shipping charges... At first I thought ok no big deal i will just re-order another phone once I get my credit.. We returned the item expecting a full refund when two weeks later discover that they charged us $81.58 for re-stocking fee... Not acceptable for a phone that doesn't function as advertised. Not only did I lose my time and money but had to deal with the aggravation of the incompetence of this Company... Take my advice... Avoid!!!!

Including a non functional and uncertified (by Apple) charger with phone somewhat mitigated the overall highest rating for the phone.

product came as expected and what they say was true, not a brand new phone but its worth it...tks

The iPhone came with a box, but the phone's IMEI doesn't match the box's IMEI. Maybe this iPhone is stolen.

I'll make this short, this is just like the iphone 4s just a larger screen and more power. Yeah you have your different speakers but i didn't notice any major difference in sound. It chargers maybe 45mins quicker than the 4S. It feels light and you just have that urge to put a case on it to add a lil bulkyness to get a better grip if you have big hands because it's so easy to drop the thing since it's light. If you're driving you'll forget its in your laptop sometimes and step out the car BOOM! it drops on the concrete, and oh it doesn't do well when it comes to drops like you can see pretty much every drop that the phone has had if it's in different areas of the phone. Other than that it's somewhat durable it can handle about 10 major drops before the screen starts cracking. I used this on ATT's network(straight talk) so i didn't get the full speeds most users get. I went from the 4s to this and I didn't feel like I had a new phone other than the new look. That's why I only pointed out the 2 obvious which is a bigger screen and faster processor. a 4 out of 5

I wanted to buy an iphone and was a good choice . New and quality product. For those who want an iphone , I recommend . Just missed the key to open the place to put the chip .

god..

Awfull iphone came with broken battery i have to replace it. Such a scame! Unfortunaly i waste the money And i cant return because im Out of usa.I always shop in amazon but this was so dessapoitend

The phone itself was really good and just as described but unfortunately I'm having problems connecting with wifi. I've looked it up and apparently it's happened on a lot of iPhone 5's

What happened:I am in China,I paid full price for a iphone 5 unlocked,but Amazon send me a iphone 5 in ATT wireless service plan,it is locked by ATT,it is can not use GMS in Other countries.I have written four e-mails to you,In the first letter of reply,you tell me to Contact the Customer of Apple&#65292;but i found the phone is locked by ATT,it is nothing with Apple.In the other letters of reply,you tell me to return the item for a full refund and purchase an unlocked Iphone.But I am in China,I have paid $50 for an economical air mail to china,and paid another $50 for Chinese Tax,if i return the item to Amazon,I also need to pay $50 for an economical air to Amazon,and pay $100 to receive another iphone,Moreover,it will take a month to wait.That costs a lot for me or for Amazon.I did nothing wrong,I will not pay another $150 to change another phone,just because Amazon sent me a wrong iphone.The phone is good and i like it,I just need your help to unlock the phone,But none of you want to help me,just tell me to return it.If it is very convenient to send it back and does not waste time to wait,I would have sent it back earlier.The result of things:None of you want to help me,and it is impossible to send it back,so I bought a other sim card ($50) to crack network.It works terrible,but I can call and SMS.The fact is,I paid full price for a locked iphone 5 in ATT wireless service plan.I am recalcitrant,but I can only accept the fact.Thank you for letting customers to take the wrong instead of you,Thank you for giving me a very bad shopping experience,Thank you for giving me back a lot of emails but can not solve any problems.

From the bottom of the screw, the iPhone has been opened, but I am abroad, postage is $120. And sim-locked

I GET THE PHONE NOT WORK WHEN I CHARGED , IT LOOK LIKE CAN NOT GET THE ELECTRIC DURING THE TIME IT CHARGE. I SO UP SAD . WAISTING MONEY .

dear sir :i have not use my iphon5 because it is on contract until July 2014 or 2015 so is blocked to be use outside of the USA.i do not recommend buying any cellular phone in AMAZON.

i purchased this item it was as advertised on the site,  good quality phone small scratch and happy with it,

My 2nd Iphone 5 this year.Bought this one for my Dad who travels a lot so that we can facetime anytime.I won't upgrade for the coming 5s or 5c...they never disappointed me.

You are engaged in deception of people! Phone isn't unblocked. It belongs to ATT USA. Phone was used to me. Box not from this phone. Deception full. Now I should pay $100 for unblocking. Horror! ! !

I was a bit skeptical when Apple announced they were going to release a longer version of the iPhone, seeing as the previous ones fitted perfectly in my palm. After testing this one out in stores, and seeing the bonus of having an extra row of apps on the home screen, I went ahead and used my upgrade to switch to the 5.I still use the iPhone 4 on a regular basis, so I easily can tell what's missing and what's new. With the release of iOS 7, using both phones is much better, and, mostly, all functionality is the same.There is, of course, Siri, who was introduced in the 4S. Beyond the second day of owning the iPhone 5, however, I've never used her other than for kicks and giggles. My 1-year-old daughter uses Siri more, and only so by accidentally holding the home button down when she manages to find my device.The front camera on the 5 is about the same quality as the 4's rear camera, and, oddly, I don't notice much a difference in photo quality in either of the 5's cameras. Video quality, the rear is superior, but only just so in certain lightings.I notice no justifiable difference in the new Lightning connector regarding the speed of charging, so I don't know why Apple decided to change it and render all those neat accessories defunct. A mystery to me, but I have a battery pack case so I use a micro-USB charger anyway.It may be that my iPhone 4 is old now, but the iPhone 5 is a LOT faster. It's degraded some in the past year, but there's still a considerable amount of speed when loading apps and prompting the keyboard. And, because of the new operating system and landscape view, apps work much more smoothly.Speaking of the landscape view, there's little to no black borders when viewing widescreen videos, so there's much more room and a bigger view. Which was the big reason Apple seemed to transition to a taller phone anyway.I prefer the extended 5 for games, too, as there's much more screen to view the action, and I've grown accustomed to the tall design by now, though the 4 still sits better in my small hands.

Phone was listed as new, it came refurbished and didn't even work! It would NOT charge. It did NOT come with a sim card. The volume buttons were broken! The box was banged up!

Thank you for this product! It came to my apartment in great condition! I can't wait to start using it!

i like my iphone5 its a very nice phone that i used enjoyed using for quite awhile now and will continue too

I bought this phone about 3 months ago, it was very strange the first month i had the phone it had a lot of problems, it would act up all the time and freeze.  It really frustrated me because i payed so much and i work so hard for my money.  But its all good now, it totally self corrected and now i love it!

Is not new.No charger, no headphones,no box.Is not new.No charger, no headphones,no box.Is not new.No charger, no headphones,no box.

I work in IT and come across some pretty awesome pieces of technology. I've handled about every phone from the Europe and Asia-only handsets, to the latest and greatest Android models. I recently got the chance to play with the iPhone 5, which is supposed to be Apple's "ringer" in a market dominated by uber-displays, super thin and ultralight devices with massive processing power. To be fair, the iPhone is sort of an underdog, but it doesn't seem to mind (and neither do consumers) because it's one of the hottest devices out there.Why? I'm not an Apple fan and I don't typically use Apple products apart from my MacBook Pro, which I can't live without as I use it for my job. I have an Android phone by Samsung and love it. Wouldn't go to iOS, ever, but its hard for me not to like the iPhone. For what it is, it's absolutely stunning.Everything the iPhone 4/s got wrong, they fixed with the iPhone 5. It now supports both GSM and CDMA with quad-band support for both HSPA+ and LTE 700 MHz. It will run on any GSM carrier when it's appropriately unlocked and support LTE, which is also awesome. It does take a "nano" SIM, so you'd need to get one for it to work on T-Mobile, which is now letting customers bring their Apple phones over.Hardware-wise it's not too impressive. It has Apple's A6 processor, dual-core 1.2 GHz with 1 GB of RAM. Nothing special. It has a/b/g/n WLAN that can be used as a hotspot, Bluetooth, you name it. You can get it with 8, 16, 32, and 64 GB of fixed internal storage. No, you can't remove the battery either. It's pretty by itself in the construction/materials arena. No handset out there from any maker is built like the iPhone and I say that confidently. It's gorgeous to look at, hold, and feels rock-solid. The entire front of the screen is covered in Gorilla Glass, which is supposed to be strong, and it is. The rest, including the back, is brushed aluminum which looks awesome. Kudos to Apple for switching back to metal for the back an not glass, which cracks easily and is a fingerprint magnet. Even the screws are great looking! Apple put a lot of thought and engineering into this, just like all their other products. Only HTC could hold a candle to the craftsmanship and materials of this phone. The buttons are aluminum and seem very sturdy with solid presses and are tall enough for good tactile feel (no guessing which button you're pressing or groveling for super-short stubby buttons like I've found on some phones). It's very thin, less than 1/4", compact, and lightweight. The processor might not be the fastest, but it's perfectly adequate. With 1 GB RAM, it seemed to be as snappy as a 1.5 GHz dual-core Galaxy S2.It has a 4-inch LCD display. Apple had been chastised for giving their flagship handset a small'ish screen (when it was introduced in 2007, the iPhone had a huge display) so they made it bigger by .5 inch. It's taller and thinner than the original, which some like and some don't. I don't really like small screens on smartphones and wished Apple had done better. Most all smartphones nowadays have screens over 4 inches. The top-end handsets are around 4.5 (Samsung's Galaxy S3 is 4.8, the Note 5.3, and Note 2 is 5.5). Why Apple didn't stretch it is beyond me. However it's still awesome. The resolution of the "Retina" LCD IPS TFT touchscreen display is 1136x640 with very high (326) pixels per inch. Colors are fantastic and images and graphics and text are sharp. I haven't come across a display this nice out of any handset I've seen.The camera is equally impressive. The 8-megapixel iSight camera is probably one of the best cameras out there now in terms of all-around performance. Samsung, HTC, and LG's cameras are great, I'd say Samsung's cameras are some of the best, but there's no question the iSight device is stunning. Tons of features, adjustable shooting settings, white balance, there's digital zoom, scene modes, panorama mode, face-detection, GPS and geo-tagging, you name it. It shoots 1080i HD video too. Pictures and videos are amazingly detailed and come out great. It has everything a mobile camera should, including shooting performance. The shutter lag is near zero, and follow-up shots are fast, done is less than a second. Only the Galaxy S3 and HTC One X do as good in my experience.iOS 5 has a lot to offer. I didn't get a chance to extensively test it, but from using the previous iOS's, I can say it's been improved quite a bit, faster, more stable and user-friendly. The interface is a little different, but still good. The menus and functions are well laid-out and easy to access and customize. Setting things up like email, iCal, is easy. Browsing is great too. It does get a little cluttered on that small display though. Overall I was satisfied with it. An iOS faithful switching to Android wouldn't have much trouble in the changeover as the two aren't too dissimilar, and for those who think it would be a nightmare to move from iTunes and iPhoto, or having to move their contacts will be happily surprised as there are apps and tools that make it relatively easy to move to Android. Furthermore, I think the newest Android 4.1 is the number one mobile OS. Period. Infinetely customizable with different ROM's, it's a techie's delight. You aren't on lockdown like with iOS, which is why I prefer Android.The audio quality is fantastic with headphones and the speaker is nice too. Typical Apple stuff here. Calls are nice and clear and the speaker phone sounds good too. Not super loud, but good enough for a crowded room or on a bus. Data speed can be very quick if you can get LTE. I've seen LTE speeds of 26 MB/s up and 19 down. HSPA+ achieved around 13-15 and 6-7.I do want to say this about Siri...it's awesome. Samsung tried to emulate it with S-Voice, but it's not as good. Siri isn't a novelty, it's a very useful tool.With that said, if given the choice, would I buy an iPhone 5? The short answer is no because I can get a handset with better features for cheaper. The iPhone holds its own, but it's nowhere near a phone like the Galaxy S3 or Note 2. There might not be too many things not to like about the iPhone, but they are significant and important enough to keep me away. The display, though bigger, is still too small. You still can't remove the battery. There's no expandable storage either. No Google stuff. You can add another 64 GB to the Galaxy S3 and Note 2, which would be great for someone who loves to watch high-definition movies on their phone or who has thousands of MP3's and photos. Both devices' large screens lend themselves to multimedia.Pros:Fantastic build quality and materialsThin and light, but hefty in the handGorgeous displayGreat cameraTons of featuresUp to 64 GB of internal storageSnappy performanceCon's:Display too smallOnly 1 GB of RAMNo expandable storageCan't remove the batteryLimited customizations for iOSIn conclusion, Apple did a lot of things right and fixed a lot of the things wrong with the iPhone 4/s, but it's still not enough to sway me from Android. You get bigger, better, faster phones with lots of available customizations and support for apps. Plus, they're cheaper! Those things to me are enough to keep me an Android faithful. Otherwise, this is an outstanding handset that will give you more than enough functionality, performance, and useability.

Sold as new by Cali Wholesale but when the phone arrived not working, I took it to the apple store and the phone was almost two years old.

Seller did not let me return the phone, and after about a month I bought it, the phone literally died and the batter is dead, forever. Should have never bought this phone, caused me so much stress.

After owning an iPhone 4,4S and 5, I decided to see what else was out there recently. I tried the Galaxy S4 for a couple weeks, wasn't happy the way it handled multiple email accounts, messaging and basic functions which required multiple key presses to accomplish. To add to this, the phone lagged between screens and apps and after reading forums online, I found I wasn't the only one experiencing this. I returned the phone and tried the Blackberry Z10. Their new "Hub" feature was nice, however the OS just didn't flow too well with BB's new gesture commands. Navigating through screens was not a pleasant experience. Perhaps with software updates, BB's new OS will come together someday, however, as of now, it's lacking quite a bit, especially in the app space.Unfortunately, in my haste to sell my iPhone 5 immediately after purchasing the S4, I realized I had made a grave mistake. To correct this, I purchased another iPhone 5. After experimenting with the other OS's out there with the exception of the Windows phones, I found that no other phone had everything put together as well as the iOS iPhone 5. iOS flows very well and especially with email which I depend on heavily for corporate as well as personal use. The iPhone excels in many other areas in comparison to other phones such as messaging, web browsing, camera features, music and so much more. People criticize the iPhone so much for the lack of a removal battery, expandable storage, lack of customization options and so much more, however the battery life on the i5 is amazing with wifi, BT and apps running 24/7. As for storage, just opt for a larger capacity. I feel like the prodigal son who just had to see what was out there in the world but in the end, came back home to the iPhone 5. I am not an iSheep or iFanatic in any way, I just like being efficient and getting things done quickly on a dependable and reliable mobile device and the iPhone 5 comes out on top in this regard.

Great product run way better then the iphone 4 and light weight makes phone easy to hold and carry around

The two came to buy iphone problems, the wifi one does not work, and the other signal goes. I want to know if they give warranty

This is such a great phone. Apple has yet to let me down! I can't wait to see what they come up with next.

This is the first time that I have owned a iPhone but it really is a good device, works very well and was at a good price.

I purchased this as my second smartphone, after having had my old one for quite some time. And I have to say that i am very impressed with this phone. It has an enormous amount of new features and technology and I am very impressed with the overall speed of the phone. I would recommend this to anyone seeking a smartphone with amazing speed and features.

Many receive phone dust, unlike like new, very serious Diaoqi card pin no data line is also replaced, not original

phone was defective

I don't find any reason to hate it. UX is the best among all smartphones. Love it and is recommended

Very professional. Fast response to email. Super fast shipping. I don't think this phone is new but it looks pretty good. It did come in the original box but it has some signs that it's not new. Also it's not unblocked! Accessories are brand new!

I ordered an Iphone unlocked and it was not like that. I had to unlock it myself (I had to pay for it). The speaker as well as th hand set don`t work properly. I can bearly have a proper conversation on the Phone.

It's awesome .it's was I was looking for. Thank you. I am planning to buy one more for my boyfriend.

Best Phone i've ever carried i use it too much my battery life sucks i need a 2nd charger for this phone one to keep at home and one in the purse that goes along with me every where my phone lasts about 8hrs before i have to charge it again.  Another annoying thing is i have extra Iphone charges that work on all Iphones and Ipods but the 5 of course! But otherwise great phone
