
Order came quickly. For a little gadget many features. Should prove useful. Speaker is very loud for the size of the phone.

Good price,  but the numbers are very small and hard to see,  other than that it is a good phone for the price of a unlocked cell phone

not a fancy phone, but easy to use, good sound quality, so far worked with all sim cards i have used at different countries

I learned from LG that this phone is not typically sold in the USA, it is for international markets.It came with a 3" CD labeled English Manual.  Unfortunately my Mac can't read that size disk.  So I went to the LG website and they don't show the product as existing so I couldn't download a manual.  I then called LG and she told me since the phone isn't sold in the US that they don't have a manual to email to me.  LG suggested a Google search, that didn't work either.  She then said she would keep searching and email me a manual when she found it. After several hours I did get a link to a manual:[...]

I gave up my Iphone for something simpler (I have a number of lines so I still have smart phones).  Small and light.  It comes with a european two prong plug which then is paired to an adapter.  Also you can't change the image on the home screen, so I hope you like flowers.  I can't complain for what I paid.

It did the job.  It worked.  I don't think it has an alarm clock function, but maybe it does.  Inexpensive

I purchased this phone so that I could take it on my trip to Asia.  It worked great and I didn't have to worry about losing it.  Calls were very clear and I was impressed.

fast and good as described on amazon. will reorder if needed and will also recommend to my friends.I gave 5 start here

Item stated before I added to cart, that item was from Wireless Experts fulfilled by Amazon.  NOTE -- if you click on item today you  will see different seller.  Click on it a few hours later and seller will be different again.  I have NO IDEA what Amazon is doing.  I've seen this on other items that Amazon sells.There were previous reviews  about BOTH the phone and the manual being in a language thatwas not understandable. Mine came in Spanish. Seller not honest in description of item.  See below howto ENGLISH settings.So far, 2 days, I am pleased with the phone.  I installed a global SIM from company called&#34;Roam Simple&#34; and tested texting and  making calls FROM USA;  it connected to T-Mobile.Works well. I've not used it outside USA yet.  Getting connection and call quality will varyin the EU based on country, city, etc.  (I have used other phones in the EU.)Call quality / clarity:  In US - fine.  (my SIM connected to  T-mobile in USA.)DUAL SIM ... nice feature ... use one  in your country with cheap in country rates.  Other SIM use it for yourinternational travel  global SIM.Volume fine.  (in some previous reviews people mentioned issues.  )FM radio - works OK.  (NOTE - adjust volume up and down using the center button.)Texting - no full qwerty keyboard so it is texting as it was about 6 years ago on most phones.World Clock,  Alarms, Stopwatch,  CalculatorBattery:  Mine came with  an LG  950mH .. great!  is still showing fully charged.Torch (Flashlight) .. nice feature.  Press center button in UP direction to turn on and off.Phone is great size for traveling.No  WEB  / internet access with this model.  I was not expecting it.Up to 250 contacts.MAKING CALLS and SIM:  If you buy a country specific (Argentina)  or  region  (EU)  SIM  then you may notget service when the phone is in the USA.  I bought global SIM for $29.  Check with your SIM provider  BEFORE buying.NOT ENGLISH:  Box was in English, I was hopeful manual would be.  It was not - it was in Spanish.I spent about 3 hours looking for a manual. I found full ENGLISH USER GUIDE on the LG Australiaweb site.  Search the LG site for A190.  The model appears to be the same as the A275 that was soldto Spanish and Portuguese (Brazil) countries. (the A275 manual not English  is on the LG Brazil site).ELECTRIC POWER:  The power supply had a USA plug.  I cannot tell if it is DUAL VOLTAGE phone chargerallowing it to be plugged into  non USA 220V power outlets with just a conversion plug.  I will be using aPOWER CONVERTER (search  Amazon for 220V to 120V converters). You may need a converter thanactually is a transformer - converting  power down to 120v.COVERSome people talked about cover problems.  Gently press down on back cover and gently slide down SLIGHTLY - about an1/8 of an inch.  Then from the back, where cover should be extended past end of the phone,  lift up the cover.INSTALL BATTERY.  If you ever did this on any phone, this should be simple.  (NOTE - SIM slots are under the battery.)COVER - back on:  DO NOT SLIDE COVER UP.  Start with placing cover back on to position whereyou popped it up.  THEN slide it up  the 1/8 of an inch to lock it in place.CHARGE THE BATTERYThe power input for the cord  is under a rubber cover on the LEFT side. It only OPENS on way.  BE CAREFUL.Turn phone on its side.  With the power cover appearing to your left,  gently pry up the rubber cover lifting itat the right edge (the right edge is  slightly larger than the left edge of the rubber cover). Lift it about 1/16 ofan inch and then swing it  up / out.If you get USA power plug, plug into phone and into USA outlet and charge the battery.CHANGE THE LANGUAGE:  My phone's language was set to Portuguese.  To get to English:1. hold down the end-call button (which is also the on/off button) on the phone to power it up.2. press upper left button - Menu3. reply &#34;Si&#34;  (yes) using the upper right button.4. Enter 9  (settings)  Ajustes  Configuracion & Herramientas5. Enter 3  (Language)  Idioma6. Enter 2  (English)  Ingles

Phone was as expected. Would have prefered a hinged phone with camera, but you get what you paid for, right.

It is an economical phone for international use.  With a &#34;Worldsim&#34;  sim card installed the phone worked fine in US, Germany and France.Unfortunately the phone came with only a &#34;Spanish&#34; guide/instructions and USA LG company did not provide any help.I found English instructions for the similar LG -A190 phone on the Australian LG company website.

It serves my purpose &#8216;EXTREMELY&#8217; well. If it was slightly larger (keypad and screen) I would have rated it a robust five stars.

For us seniors traveling, the concept of having to rethink our US phone system to GSM, Quad band, unlocked, dual SIM etc is daunting to say the least. This phone meets those new requirements in basic way. Some careful online shopping can yield real deal on SIMs without expensive plans.Check out H2O.

I put the SIM card for my AT&T GoPhone in and it has worked very well.  Plus I got $10 off by applying for the amazon credit card.  What a deal!!

it didn't work I could not get connected. It was purchased for emergency purposes while traveling in Europe. Therefore, I returned it.

I bought this to use with the Lebara France Prepaid SIM card.  It never worked.  It would not recognize that a SIM card was inserted.  Next time I'll pay the extra to have my Smart phone activated in Europe.  This cheapo cell phone is not useful for anything other than a phone call.

This is great if you need a CHEAP travel phone. Battery lasts 2 days. However, it has some MAJOR shortcomings1. Everytime you push a button, it makes a musical chime in a different note. EVERY.TIME. Its annoying as heck. Eventually you get used to it, and start to enjoy the abuse in a masochistic kind of way (or at least I do), but it is definitely not low profile. Text on the bus? Fugghedabout it!2. Texting: Anyone here born before 1990 may remember this, or may have blocked it out of their mind. T9 texting without prediction? Inconvenient is a mild word for it. Texting is functionally useless for anyone accustomed to the modern era.3. FYI you can't change the wallpaper, if you care.I would not care at all if it got lost, so its a great travel phone for its low cost. Much cheaper than buying an unlocked phone. But would you rather pay an extra 100 bucks or less, get your phone unlocked/buy the unlocked version and not have to deal with all this hassle? I guess it depends if you travel to nice places or not.

Pros: The phone is small, lightweight, has dual sim slots, inexpensive, charges quickly, has a standard phone charging slot, and is a brand I'm familiar with, it can do SMS texting and talk.  Once the language was changed to English setup was simple.Cons: I don't think there is Bluetooth, The language starts out in Spanish and you have to navigate around to find the English settings.  There is an English manual available online.

I cannot truly verified the phone been unlocked as of yet, but I put in a GOOD SIM Card and it does not recognized it.Is there something else I must know?

I got this phone for my cousin who was deploying overseas to Afghanistan. So far he has been able to send text messages and sometimes call. The phone works and he did not have to buy one from a vendor or one of those shops out there at $20 it was well worth it I think.I would recommend this phone for someone traveling over seas and want to use a carrier that is in the host country. Just for simple text messages and call....this is a throw back phone so it might be hard for some of you youngsters or hipsters hahahaha

I love it, it's perfect if you don't want an android phone and just want to talk and send text message.

I was able to get two brief calls to US  to check its function. Otherwise it registered any call I placed in Europe as &#34; not in service &#34; when they were. Also there was a phone history already in the phone so it wasn't new. It also cost me the price of  two SIM cards ... Don't bother... Another person told me these phones are rip offs

Like a number of reviewers before me, I also was disappointed that the phone did not come with a manual in English.  I do not understand how a responsible seller like Amazon will sell a product that buyers can not use for lack of a manual that they can read.  I read the previous reviews that noted that the manual that went with the phone was in Spanish but I ordered the phone anyway, assuming that the problem had been corrected because so many others had already flagged it as a problem.  Amazon customer service at first told me that there was no English manual available for this phone, but I read BULLDG's Dec. 31, 2013 review in which he stated that Tracey in Amazon's Mobile Phone Tech Support had found a manual for him.  Customer service referred me to Fred in Mobile Tech Support who sent me a manual by email which I downloaded and printed.  Thank you, Fred, but why did I have to go to all this trouble just to get a manual which should have been supplied with the product?

I find it hard to believe that no one has encountered this issue before.  This phone does not connect to the T-Mobile network in the US.  My T-Mobile SIM plugs into the phone fine, and the phone is able to display all my contacts and old text messages.  However, it constantly claims there is &#34;No Service&#34; available.  At first, I thought maybe my SIM card was wrong, so I switched it back to my old phone (which connected with my carrier with no issues).  Then, I tried my wife's T-Mobile SIM card, since her's is a bit newer than mine.  Encountered the same problem: No Service.  Unless there's some initialization process that I've missed, this phone is useless for T-Mobile customers.

Arrived on time - worked perfect - with international SIM card - (Jamaica - digicel)I gave it 4 stars because Telestial OneRate International SIM card i bought for it was difficult to take out and so the card bent. I moved it to my slot 2 and used my  international SIM card - (Jamaica - digicel) for the rest of my trip.I would definitely recommend.

The phone is more sensitive signal-wise than my previous LG phone.  This is good.  The &#34;anticipatory&#34; feature in creating text messages can be annoying. Battery life is quite good.  Key &#34;click&#34; is too loud to respond to texts during meetings.

Bought this phone for an international trip to India and needed an unlocked cell phone. It was compact and met all the needs. Having 2 SIM card slots was very helpful as one of my colleague's phones did not work so I was able to receive all her calls and messages. Battery life is also fantastic. It was nice to go 3 days without charging the phone.

Very simple phone that has worked well for me as a backup while working and traveling through Australia and Papua New Guinea. I bout this to keep handy as I did not know what to expect on my first rotation overseas, this little guy bailed me out of not having anything when my nicer electronics ran into issues with a power surge. From my experience this will work anywhere you travel with a local SIM card.

I love this cell phone it meets all my expectations. It was very easy to put my sim card in and it holds a charge a week or longer before it has to be charged. Best cell phone ever.

Once some of the peculiarities are sorted out, like figuring out how to contact voice mail, it does exactly what I need a phone for: Making phone calls.  Clarity is excellent, and battery life is phenomenal.

Actually, I don't know whether the phone even works. I never used it. It arrived with instructions in Spanish. After two attempts over a period of five working days I was able to contact the seller, NavyBlu. They responded that the phone was intended for the Spanish market. I believe this information should have been included in the product information provided at the Amazon website. Return was authorized, but I was required to print out mailing label for return. i have no printer and do not want one (another piece of technology that usually doesn't work), so Amazon suggested I get a friend or relative to print out the label or use a library printer - in other words, i should bear the inconvenience of Amazon's failure to provide relevant information. I went to the library to print out the label and only then realized that I am required to pay postage for the return. So now I'm supposed to go to the Post Office during the Christmas rush and get this thing weighed. I may or may not bother. This amount is not going to break me and I have already purchased a phone (through another website) that I know is intended for the English-speaking population.

The cost was very affordable, the quality good. It comes defaulted to Spanish but is easy to change to English. Used the dual sim cards to talk in the U.S., Scotland and Ireland. No manual but pretty self explanatory if you have used a cell phone before.

I bought it for international used, I sent it to my family abroad, they were really satisfied with the product.

I have a Verizon contract which I have had for more years than I care to admit.  I made a mistake by thinking Verizon will provide service on an "unlocked" phone.  This unfortunately, is not the case.  If you have a contract through Verizon an unlocked phone and Verizon don't mix.  I was told by a representative at Verizon that in order to activate a replacement/new phone it must say "Verizon" on the front.  I would have purchased a new model at Verizon, however, you can only buy them at full retail unless you want to change your contract.  (I have unlimited...truly unlimited data and don't want to lose it.  One reason I don't want to exit Verizon because I am grandfathered in on my plan. And of course there coverage can't be beat.)

Great dumb phone. I have both an AT&T and T-Mobile sim in the phone simultaneously. When I make a call I choose what sim I want to use. There are no bells and whistles in this phone. But it is great if you need two lines. Work and personal in the same phone.  Or US and (other country) when you travel.

My wife has used this phone in the US, Western amd Eastern Europe, and Turkey. You can change the system language to English (the default is Spanish) so a non Spanish reading person can navigate the phone itself. Just remember that you cannot send or receive texts in any other but those two languages. Outside of that, it works great once acquiring the correct sim card for the region.

Great basic phones for a great price.  Only complaint is that they arrive with the most annoying sound tones for every button push.  Ack.  My first step was to remove all of that crap.  Otherwise, they came already charged and work great here in Mozambique with all 3 cell phone carriers.  Great deal

Simple dual sim phone. Radio works wonderful,  audio for making and receiving calls is cool. Have friends asking about my cheap LG that's working better than some android devices.

Bought this phone since I travel to Europe several times a year.  Was quite happy with how this worked.  Pretty simplistic phone so not meant for internet/web access, but was perfect for talking and text which is all I wanted it for. Dual sims was a great feature. Put a sim that worked in US and bought another when I got to my destination and had no issues.  Especially considering the price this is great low cost phone for where ever your traveling too!!

Easy to use. Good condition. Came set to Spanish but very easy to switch to English. Have not yet tried it with a SIMS card.

We bought this for traveling to Europe.  We haven't used it yet, but it's exactly what we wanted: a basic quad-band, unlocked phone that we can put a SIM card in once we get to Europe.  The quality seems to be fine.

The phone is small and seems like what I want, but the display was upside down and didn't work completely. I'm hoping that it was a one-off, because I've already ordered another as a replacement.Picture of the problem: http://stuporglue.org/downloads/upside_down_display.jpg

Great dual SIMM  card quad band unlocked. It's very basic, we're traveling to Sicily and wanted a phone to put a local SIMM card into.

Purchased and used for my trip to the DR.  No problem hooking up with the local provider (Claro).  Phone performed exceptional.  No glitz and glamor, just a basic phone.

My husband keeps ruining his phones so he now uses this as a punishment.  It receives calls, and makes call.  Does simple text messaging.  Great little phone with no bells and whistles.

very cheap material not look  good the phone wont look LG .I used before lg cell phones,but this dual cell phone I don't like.

the item arrived late and to the wrong address  making it impossible to take to jamaica  worked  a solution  but  they were then stolen by the fed ex driver  therefore causing  impossible  and crazy problems and so much more work

Great that it's quad band, unlocked, inexpensive.  Instructions are lousy and minimal.  Many extra features - flashlight (torch), FM radio &c.  Good for basic phone at great price.

Now that we have an English manual, these phones are going to be great for our trip! The company immediately got our complaint about the manuals in Portuguese, called me, and had an English manual to me within minutes!!! This company looks out for their customers! Thx so much Mobil Connections!!!

If you going abroad, good  choice. And Even with the possibility fot 2 simcards. Just got it. It works with a Norwegian simcard. Just tried it.

Phone seems to be typical LG robust design/materials.  This is not a US model, the labeling on the LG box indicated it was originally destined for the Africa  market, default time zone was set to Abuja and French/Portuguese/English owners manual only lists customer service number in Lagos. As you might expect the charger has the round plugs typical in Europe (and Africa I guess), but they did include an adapter to get you to the standard US plug.  Phone accepted an ATT GoPhone SIM card with no problem.  I'm sure local SIM cards from Europe or Asia will work equally well.This is a great way to get a local number while travelling abroad and avoid high roaming charges that US carriers charge there.

The phone is very simple, no real bells and whistles, but that is all I wanted.  Just wanted to be able to contact our guest houses to confirm reservations, arrange meetings with friends, etc.  Battery life was good but we didn't use the phone a lot.  The torch on it was great, I used it to find my way around the bush camp. I managed to figure out how to get the phone out of Spanish to English on the menu so I think most people can do it if they futz with it a little because I am no techie.  Other thing I liked was that it fit into the car charger for my current cell phone so I didn't have to worry about getting wall plug adapter to recharge.

Does what it needs to. I would definitely recommend to a friend. Probably not the best phone for everyday use, but it works perfectly if you want something to use while traveling outside of the country.

This phone is so small no adult could use it! It fits in the palm of my hand! Do they not make full sized basic GSM phones??? This is ridiculous! They don't tell you that this thing is the size of a kids toy. Very disappointed in this product!

First of all, this is a no-frills phone.  It has a built-in FM radio, but other than that it doesn't have any entertainment value.  It doesn't play music, take pictures, or surf the web.It is however a well-designed for what it is.  It has the basics one expects in every cell phone: SMS/text messaging, contacts list, call history, alarm clock, calendar, timers.  It even has a flashlight! Each of these has shortcuts which make them easier to use, but are not very customizable.  If you want to use this phone, you have to learn its shortcuts or else spend time a lot of time navigating its menus.The following is a description of the &#34;shortcuts&#34; of the phone.  These may seem really basic, but basic shortcuts can make a phone easier to use!Menu:  A typical basic phone menu navigated with four arrow keys (the orange outlined button in the photo) and a &#34;select&#34; option.  This has an old style of shortcuts many users may not be familiar with, but can save time.  The menu items are all numbered, so if you have frequently used menu item, for example the messages inbox, you can press the menu button then press in order the menus options that take you to that item (in the case of the messages inbox, your press Menu-2-1).  Once you open one of the nine sub-menus, you can allso jump from one to another using the side arrows.Messaging:New Message: Just press the right arrow to bring up a new blank message.  You can type letter-by-letter or using the T9 dictionary (that is, the autocomplete dictionary using the numbers 1-9 common in most basic cell phones).  You can add words to the T9 dictionary, but it isn't as simple as in many Nokia phones I have used.  Once you realize a word is not in the dictionary, you have to delete the letters you typed when you discovered the word wasn't there, it won't automatically replace them with the new word you've added.If you close the message without sending it, it automatically saves as a draft message.Reading messages:It appears that this phone saves its messages on the SIMs from its messages &#34;SIM1 memory full&#34;.  You can only save about 100 messages on a SIM, including the sent messages.If you get several new messages at one it is a bit annoying that if you read and delete the first message, you are taken back to the main screen, rather than back to the messaging inbox (press Menu-1-2 to got to the inbox).  While a message is open you can go to the next message simply by pressing the right side of the navigation button.Contacts:Contacts are saved on the phone or on the SIMs.  Contacts saved on one of the SIMs will default to automatically calling from the SIM they are saved on.  You can call with either SIM using the option buttons and a short menu.  The phone has speed dialing, but I haven't tried to use it.Radio:The radio does not require headphones (I have known some phones to require this).Alarms:You can save only three alarms (unless you use the calendar Alarm).  When setting an alarm in addition to setting the exact time, you can use a menu option to set alarms for 15, 30 and 60 minutes from the time you set the alarm.... it does the math for you, so you don't have to worry about mixing up am or pm or putting it on the wrong day.Profiles:It only has three profiles, &#34;General&#34;, &#34;Silent&#34;, and &#34;Outdoor&#34;.  It doesn't appear that the names can be changed.  The silent profile can be activated or deactivated by holding the hash key (#). It also has a flight mode, but apart from the flashlight and the clock, I can hardly imagine why you would want to use the flight mode...&#34;Tools&#34;:  Includes a flashlight (US)/torch (UK) (from the main screen the &#34;up&#34; key turns this on), a calculator, a stop watch, and a world clock.  Instead of a count-down timer the alarm can be used (see above). Also includes the somewhat bizarre &#34;self-call&#34; feature.  Maybe this can be used to fake a call to get out of boring meetings???Also has basic calendar and memo features.  I wouldn't use these to plan my life, but could be useful to set one-time reminders and to take down short information when a pen isn't handy.There is one quirk I have discovered: The calendar weekly re-occurring events with alarms don't quite work right.  The alarm goes off every day instead of only on the day it is set for.  However, there is a weekly alarm which works correctly.  Some of the other reviews mention other quirks, but these haven't affected me.One final note: I haven't had a chance to test the quad-band feature of this phone, though it is important to me.  I assume from the other posts that it really is a quad-band phone.  It really is unlocked, so I am glad that I can use my Lycamobile SIM as well as a SIM from Africa at the same time.

Great product for the price.It did meet my expectation.I will recommend this Product as a great buy.The Flash is a great help in the Developing World

I did not check phone until recently as it was purchase to use in the Caribbean.I cannot return as it expired at the end of January and it came with charger for the other side of the world.This is ridiculous!

I bought it as a gift for my mission trip to Peru in June. I hope it is received well as I know my friend there do not have resources to buy these type phones.

This is a cheap, but good phone. For someone who wants a simple phone and needs it fast this is the phone. The messaging feature is a little tedious as you have to hit several buttons to send or read a message.

Great $20 phone. I bought as a replacement for my smart phone. It texts, calls, and has a light. Great Value.

We bought this to take to Costa Rica. Being a Verizon customer, even their world phones are a pain to deal with since you have to have them unlocked. This was a quick inexpensive way to have a reliable phone while travelling. We bought a sim card when we got to Costa Rica for about $4 US and it came with something like 1/2 hour CR talk time, and 15 minutes US. We recharged once during our 3 week trip for $10.00 and we were able to check in every couple of days to the US with no problems at all. Total bill of $38 including talk time.The phone is very compact, feels solid in your hand, has a decent color display that although small is very legible and highly usable for texting. The phone goes into sleep mode automatically and the batter on standby lasted for days without needing a charge.You could spend a lot more but this is a nice, small, well built basic phone perfect for travelling to any country that uses gsm technology.

impossible for me to use as manual is only in english.  Looks like a great phone if I read spanish.  Searched on web, but no english manual to be found.

Purchased from seller zezoo. Shipped via US mail.To test it out I bought a TMobile prepaid sim starter kit.Inserted sim and activated service with the assistance of store personnel. Assistance was required because the first sim card could not be activated. The person at BestBuy solved the problem using another sim card from the rack.I added $10 of airtime and the phone works as expected. The phone is tiny, light, and call quality is good.

Perfect for the traveler. Small! Light weight! Best yet ... Dual Sim so travel from country to country is smooth or even best coverage in the same country by having 2 different companies.

This is an excellent low cost option for travel in Europe - the two SIM option is a nice gimmick to keep your - expensive - US phone active while overseas.

The phone is programmed in Spanish and there is no instructions provided in English and how to change the program or operate.  So, the phone is worthless unless you speak or read Spanish.

The two number display allows you to screen incoming calls by the line they are on. Another mighty midget. Excellent sound quality the one phone to carry anywhere in the world (well, except Japan....)....

It is as advertised. But when I received it, it was smaller than what I had in mind. One of the best feature about it is the radio, in my opinion. I spent time away and stayed in a house without TV, the radio was great to have.

Quad-band, dual-sim GSM phone.  For the price, this thing is great.  It makes calls, it sends texts, and the one I've got even has a pretty decent flashlight.  Yeah, it's a phone for developing markets, and it's no smartphone.  But it works, and it's got good battery life.

This phone has all the features you need including a great led light.  Easy to use and light weight, will fit in your pocket easily.

The phone worked well for texting, but when it came to making calls or receiving them, the earpiece did not work all the time.Callers could hear me, but I couldn't hear them. I wish I had waited and bought a phone in the UK, the price was about the same, but the phone would have more features and was more user friendly.

Didn't work with our service provider.

Works good, screen is to small

I like the phone and want to use it in Europe and Mexico.  I know it works on dual frequencies and that is good.  But the instructions are killing me.  I happened to get a phone where the instructions are in Spanish and I can't figure out how to do more than the very basic functions.

Serious, fast and very efficient. The product is good, but in the instructions refers can load a micro sd card and it is not true.

Pro- Excellent reception as compared to my old Motorola (ATT network)- Small and light weight- Battery lasts a week without any need for re-charging (light use in my case)Con- Initial menu in Spanish, need to change it to English- Limited instructions, but easy to figure out most of the functions

I like it becoz it does what I want and it is easy to use it. I would give a 5 star if it includes a headset.

The instructions that came along with the product was entirely in SPANISH.  No English at all.  I would not recommend this product as there was no way to get an English version of the instructions.  I would have sent it back to Amazon but because I do not live in the US I didn't bother. Amazon did tell me I can return it

Great basic phone, incredible battery life, easy to use and good sound,  One major drawback though, the screen is small and difficult to read

Basic phone that does works as advertised.  Good reception.all over Europe, even in rural areas.  Almost never our of range.

I am very happy with the phone. As others have stated, it is not the easiest to use in the dark because the buttons are not lighted and the screen goes dark very quickly.The important thing to me was reception; it seems to work very well. I pulled the SIM from another phone that could not get a signal, and this phone reached out and made a connection. It works well if you can work around some of the minor drawbacks.

I purchased two of these phones based on reviews and price. I had a 1 week trip to Ireland in March and will be spending a month in Rome in May. I bought two so I could keep in touch with my wife while we were around towns. One phone worked fine, but the other's sound completely stopped working. The only way I could talk with my wife was to plug in a headphone to hear and talk into the phone. All sound from the phone stopped including hearing people speak, ring, key beep, radio. All sound!

we had to return the phone,  it was not working  the address book did not toke the letters to print the names.  a came out as a e

Not a very big (sized) phone, but it worked great. Went to EU, got a sim card and started calling. Can't beat the price.

The phone is just what I needed for communication in the Philippines and it performed according to its description, a basic GSM phone for talk and text. And the price can't be beat.

Great little lightweight dual sim phone for travel. Excellent phone audio quality. A bargain. Easy to switch sims out. Battery lasts about 2 weeks with normal talk

did not get simcard in right position to work  thoght phone was no good  now after a few adjusments it seems to work  will not be going overseas until may then i will review it again

I received the package in two days with Amazon Prime. Unlike some other reviewers, my phone's language was set to English and came with a user guide in French, Spanish, and English. It also came with a European-pronged charger and American travel adapter, which is actually quite convenient since I plan to use it in Italy. All parts appear new, as marketed, and are fully functional so far. The flashlight/torch is a helpful bonus, and I expect it will fulfill my basic travel needs.

I had another brand name phone that was not working properly plus when I travelled I could not always use it to roam.  I set about investigating quad band phones.  I looked at many but the LG A275 kept cropping up.  I read the reviews and it sounded really good.  So I went ahead and bought.  One for me and one for a friend.  After a month or so of using I am really happy especially now when I go to Guyana I can call Trinidad without any problems.I also got an email from the seller enquiring about me and the phone.  I thought that was really nice.  So I am a really happy customer.  Thank you.

I looked at the Samsung and Nokia phones that are in the same price range, I decided this was the best.  It's small and sleek and the battery lasts forever.  There's a nice bonus that it has a very common charger (the same one that charges my kindle and blackberry).  I took it to China and it took a SIM card and worked immediately.

the phone works great...easy to use....good for me because i only do calls i suck in texting so this phone is reallt for me..

The picture doesn't demonstrate just how small this phone is.  It is definitely low tech and doesn't do much.  Also hard to hear on calls.  It's inexpensive and somewhat does the job, but I should have just gotten a real phone from the get-go when my other one died, not a toy phone.

I bought it to use my old sim card and it works very well. Battery last forever.Price is cheap compared to quality.

great phone for the price.. easy to use and reliablei would recommended for grandparentsand a real bargin deal

MY EYES AREN'T WHAT THEY USE TO BE AND THE PHONE WAS TO SMALL FOR ME SO THAT IS WHY I SENT IT BACK!

Light and practical. Thanks to the quadband device, the LG-A275 works perfectly well everywhere.In spite of its small size, this phone is effectively dual-sim, which represents a bonus as it helpsto have two phones in just one. For sure, the LG-A275 is a great achievement.

This phone is exactly what I wanted and so far it works really well. I am pleased. It really nice having a phone with two sims.

I bought this due to I always travelling to Asia. And I do not need to switch my sim card and I just put my Malaysia and Vietnam sim card then I can use in both country. But the only thing you need to be aware is when you are in one country, make sure when you make a call, you are selecting the correct sim card to make it, otherwise you may use the Vietnam Sim in Malaysia and make the call in Malaysia. You will be killed by roaming charge.

No bluetooth, camera, wifi, or apps, just basic communications device for voice calls & SMS text messages.Great battery life, almost a week before recharging & it's 'ON' 24/7, with limited voice calls & texting. Flashlight idea is also a great plus, as light is bright & LED's save power. For some only issue may be the plastic body & small size of phone & screen. For me, it meets my needs for an additional 2 lines on T-Mo's PayGo plan.

Got this for travel in Europe, because my smartphone has no SIM card. I probably won't use it much, so a lot of the &#34;features&#34; weren't important as this isn't my everyday phone. I read all the reviews first, and I must say I'm delighted so far. Instructions were in English, phone was new and small, but not &#34;cheap&#34; considering...it IS one of the cheapest unlocked, dual SIM, international phones you can get. To see if it worked I went to Walmart and got a SIM card for a pay as you go US phone (SIM cards are hard to find in the US without a contract, unless you order online)--I intend to buy a second SIM when I get to London (in Europe the SIM cards are sold everywhere). After putting in the first SIM, it works, it's cute, and the small size is a PLUS for me, because I'll be carrying my smartphone around also for the music, camera, alarm, and notes functions. I'm totally happy with it.

I have not completely reviewed all the necessary and relevant operations of this phone. Having said that, a four-star rating is a very sign and so far I like all the features that I have seen. By the way, I would certainly consider this phone for a sibling of mine.

This phone was purchased to use while in Europe. The phone is very basic but met my needs for the time I traveled. The French phone carrier though was terrible. on many occasions calls could not be completed. Texting was difficult.

If you have few contacts and don't SMS much this phone is great. If not then get a higher end candybar phone or go for a smartphone.*This phone has great battery life, about 5 days with light usage.*Reception is decent but not the best. I attribute this to the ATT network I used it on. This phone cant use 3G so its stuck on the older and slowly dying GSM network (ATT has better 3G coverage than 2G coverage, check their maps)*This phone does NOT have smart dial! That is about the only downside. I am used to dialing a few numbers or letters of a contacts name and having a list of contacts show up. This is a feature found on even the most basic phones 5 years ago. I don't know why it's not available in this model.*SMS are a pain to type on a 9-key keypad, but that's not the fault of the phone.

Was a little confused after reading many of the reviews.  What I needed was an unlocked, quad-band, GSM phone, not tied to one specific carrier--that is, one that would accept SIMs from different carriers I can use in the U.S. and Canada, but also outside North America where my Verizon CDMA phone doesn't work at all.  Though Verizon offers world phones that accepts Verizon-provided SIMs for other countries (I have one), the phones themselves are locked specifically to that service provider.  With rates typically $1.50 per minute and more depending on the country, adding connect charges, miscellaneous fees and taxes, even a brief call can become very expensive quickly.  In this situation, buying an unlocked GSM phone, then acquiring a locally-bought, in-country SIM makes a lot of sense.  That alone would pay for the phone in less than 15 - 20 minutes of Verizon talk time.Unlike some reviewers, my phone came in a LG box, with a U.S. charger, Limited Warranty Statement, and a User Guide written in French, Portuguese, and English.  The Guide provides an overview of the phone's features: describing how to install a SIM, how to charge the battery, what the symbols on the display means, what are call settings, and some basic trouble shooting.  Also covered are how to text, use the Tools, i.e., the built-in world clock, calculator, and organizer.About the phone:  The phone itself is small, somewhat thin, and very light.  In a medium-size hand, it can fit diagonally across the palm.  Since the phone is mostly plastic, there's some creak and give when dialing, texting, or when gripping the phone firmly.  Most annoying to me were the tones generated when pressing keys.  Later found that this feature can be disabled in "Profiles", under the "General Settings" tab.  Being as light as it is, the phone can easily be carried in a shirt pocket or comfortably in the front pocket of jeans.  I would lock the keys however. There are settings that automatically disables the keypad after 10, 30 or 60 seconds of inactivity.  The problem I found when the keys are locked, is that one must press the upper left key to "Unlock", and then, the upper right key to confirm "Yes" every time before placing a call.  Answering a call is merely the upper left key where it reads "Accept".  Not exactly intuitive, but one gets used to it.About the display:  Many reviewers are correct when they say that the display's wallpaper cannot be changed; I've tried.  The numbers displayed when dialing are fairly large though.  They are white against a black background, easily seen from at least 4 feet away with normal vision.  The screen is otherwise brightly lit. It displays the time, date, signal strength, battery condition, ring, no ring, or vibrate status, whether or not the keyboard is locked, and the local network name.About Dual SIMs:  SIMs are automatically detected, and both are active by default.  With two SIMs installed, the handset allows users to manually select which one to use when placing a call.  Both SIMs are simultaneously displayed on the screen along with the MVNO (Mobile Virtual Network Operator) name, and the actual network providing the service if the two are different.  When one SIM is installed, the keys default to the SIM in position 1.  So, it is possible to have two telephone numbers in one phone:  one, for personal use, and the other as a business number.About ringing:  There are 5 ring tones in addition to vibrate only, or vibrate and ring, or vibrate then ring options.  The settings allow these to be individually tailored for each SIM, or for "Outdoor" (louder), or on a "General" basis which means that both SIMs are set the same.About volume:  The handset volume is slightly low by default, but the center navigation key will raise this level.  One must be on an active call however to do so. Once set, it maintains the same level selected for subsequent calls.  Ring loudness and message notifications are preset from the "Menu".  One can place an active call on speaker by pressing the upper right button.About FM radio:  Only used this feature a few times.  One day while scanning for FM stations, I received a tornado warning from the National Weather Service for my area.  Thought I would never ever use this feature, but with recent hail storms and tornadoes, I may reconsider that.  There are 10 presets (labeled 0 - 9), and the radio itself is adequate from 4 - 5 feet if placed on a hard surface like a table.  Reception and sound is what you would expect from a portable radio; just okay.About the flashlight:  Pressing the large center button once, turns on and turns off the LED flashlight.  Used it to unlock a car door at night.  The car didn't have a remote to open the door, and couldn't see where to insert the key.  Like the FM radio, this is an unexpected feature, and yet, convenient to have when you do need it.Dislikes:1. Time and Date; and specifying Daylight Savings Time. Both must be manually set.  Unlike most mobile phones I've used before, this one does not automatically pick up this network-provided information.  Once set, the time seems to be accurate.  The only reason I can think of why this might be, is due to the dual-SIM nature of the handset, where one SIM is local,and the other,international,thereby confusing the phone as to which one to display?  I don't know for sure and merely speculating.  Since we can't be in two places at the same time, for convenience sake, the phone should display at least the local date and time.2. Being small and light weight is actually a plus, but oftentimes I feel my hand cramping after a 10 - 15-minute call because of how I tend to grip the phone.3. The 3.5 mm jack allows for headphones, but I'm not sure if a microphone can be used.  The LG manual only addresses headsets.  This feature would have been useful in handsfree-only states, or when using the phone for extended periods, or even when typing or multi-tasking.4. Setup options are not intuitive, meaning that in many cases, one must press "OK" key in addition to confirm changes.  A little awkward, but hopefully one must do this only once during the setup stage.Likes:1. Phone size.  Very easy to carry.  Great for travel.2. Battery is 1140 mA and goes for weeks without recharging.  Recharging the battery when low, can take 4 hours or longer due to its larger capacity.  Don't expect a 1-hour charge and go here.3. Good call quality.  Good signal strength.  I get slightly better coverage in many areas.  Reception is clear, and people on the other end, have no trouble hearing me.4. Quad-band GSM can be used just about in just about all countries except for Japan and South Korea (different standards), and Myanmar (Burma) where there are no wireless infrastructures.5. Phone uses the mini-USB charger common to my tablet, Smartphone, and other electronic devices.  Only need to carry one charger, or a mini-USB to USB cable with me.6. Dual SIMs.  I like having the flexibility of having a primary number in addition to having a secondary or international one.  No need to carry two phones.  This phone accepts SIMs from different carriers with no issues--though I did have one defective SIM that didn't work at all (worked after replacing the SIM), and wonder if some of the users experienced the same thing, blaming the phone instead.  In this case, if the phone had been working all along, simply reset the SIM if "No Service" is displayed, or just move the suspected SIM to position 2, and if it doesn't work there, chances are that it might be a bad SIM, and not a bad phone.7. Price point for a new phone is right.As many reviewers have pointed out, this phone is made for developing countries and not for the U.S. market where plastics tend to be thicker, and where features like Bluetooth are expected.  Since I only require a basic, basic handset that I don't mind losing, damaging, or have around as a spare, and don't really need the additional features such as a built-in camera, video, MP3 player, this phone meets all my requirements.I give it 4 stars because it was not intuitive to initially setup, and it doesn't automatically display the date and time from the network.

What is there to say, small, reliable, double sim phone. If you're in a need of a basic phone for calls and texts, this one is worth considering.

This is a nifty basic phone but a more complete manual would have been a big help.We're still struggling with set-up items after 3 weeks.

Took this phone to Spain, use  it several times. Now I have decided to use this as my principal cell phone with a sim card, from cc. Volume is good, radio works. and sound is clear.. Great buy. Company sent me directions in English and it is what it is..GREAT

This is a basic feature phone, with a battery that lasts for a long time. I took it to eastern Tajikistan, where electricity was spotty.  In five weeks I had to charge it 6 times, while using it for 1-2 hours per day to call my wife.

We bought these phones for our 9 week tour through Europe. It had dual sims which made it nice to buy two different sims to have coverage in the countries we visited. This phone is nothing fancy but meets your need for phone calls if someone should need to contact you. You can send and receive basic text messages and make country to country phone calls. Check out this phone to save money by not buying a expensive USA plan for Europe.

LG A275 is a small light weight quad band dual SIM phone. It has very good battery life. But pretty soon, you will feel that there is not much features in this phone. But good as a backup phone if you run out of battery in your primary phone.

Turned out to be a great phone. I bought in advance of our trip to Italy mostly to call family in the states and restaurants etc. here. Was without phone service until we reached Florence and bought a SIM card at Vodafone. 300 minutes for 30 euro. Only issue I had was loading the card. I think I broke the first slot. Let the Vodaphone agent load the card into slot 2. Charged the phone once every 10 days! Old fashioned texting. Practiced all the functions while we waited in the airport. Nice alarm clock. No camera. Italian phone number. Bought a SIM at JFK which was a mistake, expensive and did not work well. It appeared that there was a phone store at Pisa Airport.

Battery lasts a long time. Calls are clear. Very simple and easy to use. Texting is harder than a smartphone but a great value for the price

The phone works very well for the price.  But it was very annoying that the phone was set in Spanish and the only instructions were in Spanish.

I opened the box and examined the contents.  The phone itself is awfully cheap feeling, which was disappointing.  Then, when I started to read the User Manual, it was only written in Spanish!!!  After 30 minutes of Google searching without being able to find an English Language version of the manual, I gave up and returned it.  Of course, I had to go thru the return process, including printing the return label, tearing off all the labels on the shipping box, re-taping the box, etc.Amazon shouldn't let this type of product to be sold without obvious warnings about this issue.

My previous non-smart phone had an unfortunate encounter with a pool of water and I needed a cheap replacement. This phone is definitely a downgrade from my last phone, but I'm not at all displeased with it. It makes clear calls and to my surprise the radio function actually works really well.The light on this phone is quite impressive as well (triple LED) but it is not intuitive to turn off if the phone goes into lock mode. This happens if you use the light for more than 10 seconds by default; to turn off the light you have to unlock the phone and then turn off the light. Not too big of a deal.My only other gripe with the phone is due to its small size. The phone is about the size of 2 fingers and such is very uncomfortable to use without a hand. If you try to secure it to your shoulder with your head chances are you will hang up on the person you are talking with.

the best cell phone I ever had , if you are looking for a non smartphone , the battery last like a week , and it has the micro USB port that is compatible with almost all chargers, NOTICE that the cell phone comes without  charge and handsfree. the light is very powerful it has 3 leds, and other thing that is very useful is the radio , that you can listen without handsfree. in fact I will order two more. this week... very happy  with the product

I still have to connect this phone, I will use it when travelling to South America. If you expect a fancy phone , this is not the phone for you. I think this is a basic phone to basically make phone calls only. I am happy with this phone, it is not expensive and easy to use.

Good dual SIM phone for anyone who doesn't like to carry two phones around or anyone who just uses it to talk. One quip, the navigation down button doesn't automatically show contacts, instead requiring you to go through the menu and type search everytime you need to call someone.

The phone took LycaMobile SIM card and works great in NYCity. The charger port is mini USB, compatible with all my other family's phones which is very convenient.  Wallpaper can not be changed by I like the flower.  Ring volume can be changed only through UI, but I can easily toggle between Sound and Silent modes.  Simple and efficient for inexpensive calling.

It is smaller than expected. not able to talk properly. love the phone but it should be bit lengthy which will make it better product

I thought it's a mini phone as I imagined until I received it. Look gorgeous! I can listen to my favorite fm station without using headset.

This is a great, no frills phone. I bought it for a trip to india where I would need to communicate with my father within India. Got a SIM card and it worked great. Lightweight, kept charge for days and days unless I talked for an hour or more, then needed some recharge. Incredibly, when I called home to the US I was told the sound quality was better then usual with my iphone. It will flash you back to ten years ago with its primitive texting, but great for travel. Oddly came with everything in Spanish, but i somehow got all commands converted over to English.

It does what it is supposed to do. It has a very loud radio and a bright flash light. It can text and make calls and store contacts. There are no games though. I gave it 4 stars because it came with a rounded 2 prong plug so I had to buy another charger for it. I don't now if thats how they all come or my adapter fell out. But I like it and it works well in Jamaica.

Update: 07/05/2014.I ordered this phone for my wife as she was going to Costa Rica before I me. I read the reviews before buying. The phone arrived as promised and from the reviews, it was "little." However, it did what it promised. That is, got a SIM card when my wife arrived in Costa Rica - By The Way - there is NO kiosk for I.C.E. Kolbi in the Liberia, Guanacaste, Costa Rica airport. There are plenty kiosks in the San Jose airport. Once the SIM card was in, then it work great. Calls to U.S. were clear and with text messaging. It worked throughout traveling from Liberia to Playa Manzanillo. We booked a remote villa and the closest cell tower is not working but we can still get some coverage.Battery: Holds a charge for a long time even when using the built-in torch light!  No issues.One of the best features: Torch light - three white LED's that serves as a flashlight!! It was REALLY useful to us as our "villa" we very limited in lighting!Also no issues about the menus in Spanish. It started up in English but changing would not have been a problem.This phone was worth the money in my opinion.- Written by Laura's Husband.

I love it! You can't beat it for that little money. It is so practical. I am thinking about buying one more.

It is very cute and portable. Easy to use. Also, dual sim makes it stand out among the cheap cell phones.

Received this phone and it came with a European Charger.  Needed to add a plug converter in order to use the charger in the US.  Manual is very limited with directions.  Phone seems to work so far with added SIM card.  Changing ring volume is complicated and lots of buttons and steps to go through with the majority of functions taking several steps.  There is no camera or SD card slot.  Phone size is very small and display screen is extremely small.  Will be taking over seas and will see how phone works.  Phone does come with a flashlight at the top.Will update review upon return of phone.

I needed a basic phone for work in difficult environments, had to be dual SIM, and needed to go for days without access to charging.Easy to use, simple to swap SIM cards (travel) and the battery lasts forever. Great flashlight too.

I bought, thinking I could adjust volume thru menu volume control. Could not as only a few preset volume levels and all are too low to be usable. There is no volume control.I will return as unusable.

This is basic dual sim phone. Good for Talk and Text. Good battery life. Also has radio and torch. It is a decent phone for this price.

Basic phone which allows you to travel without having to switch phones or change SIM cards. Loaded my 2 SIM cards (France and US) immediately upon receipt and was instantly able to get calls and messages from both locations.

I chose this phone because I travel abroad so that I can use it with a foreign sim card and make and receive calls all over the world cheap. It has dual sim and that makes it possible to install 2 sim cards and have 2 different phone numbers in the same phone. This phone is super and money saver for those that travel abroad. The phone is not expensive at all. I love my phone as it comes with super flash light you use when dark and it retains charge for days. That makes it possible for you to talk hours or days without recharging.Simeon Okoli

device is very very small, so as buttons. its not for senior or for fat fingers person. I got it for my mother in law and she cannot really use it because of the size. I know it has it customer somewhere.

Works great. I also find I am listening to it's radio (with earbuds) a lot - nice feature. Do wish it had Bluetooth as well to pair with my headset.  Ah we'll a minor issue that is easily worked around with a corded headset.

It totally met my expectations. Phone is light and works really well. I was surprised especially by the light. Jiri

I am missing Bluetooth or some sort of connection to a computer and you can't use french language. great for the price and being a dual SIM. Should be easier in using one or the other SIM.

Easy to use and not fancy, small and confortable size. The dual SIM works well with two different lines and the light is also very good! Just what I was looking for.

did exactly what I needed it to do, like make calls from Europe to USA and send texts. and the battery lasted almost two weeks!! takes some getting used to with the old school keypad, but overall I was pleased.

Great price for a simple phone with so many useful functions. Everything works well.  Good for travelling, just slip in another sim card

Definetely handy.  Compact, battery lasts a long time, useful as an alarm clock, and the dual SIM card feature is nice.  It's just hard to get used to texting the old-fashioned way again, and sometimes it does crazy things when I'm trying to compose a text (erases recipient's number).  It's a good phone for travel purposes though.

it is really little and looks like a toy, but works great. Put in my sim and the connection came right up. It even came with a manual and one of the languages was english. It also has an LED flashlight built in that is pretty bright and an fm radio with scanning and 10 or 12 presets. The only minor negative is the charger that has a european plug, but it comes with a us adapter, so that is not really an issue. For a little dual sim quad band talk and text unlocked world phone this is perfect.

I like the dual sim feature of the phone. I use a T-Mobile sim card and an international sim card. It is nice to be able to switch between the two sim cards without having to take the sim cards out of the phone - very convenient. The phone is easy to use. The world clock works well when switching between time zones. The only problem I have had is with an SMS message. I wrote a short message and saved to DRAFT. I later recalled it, added to it, and edited the original saved part. When the message was sent, only a very short portion of the message was sent-don't know why. I had previously sent SMS messages and they worked perfectly. Overall, I like the phone and would recommend it.

I like the phone. It is cheap and rather handy. Small size - good for pocket.Pros.: Simple in operating, long battery. Cons.: some minor odds in Menu, lettersand time are too small for my eyes. Overall - good

phone and instructions were in spanish

I traveled to Europe and used this phone with the telestial passport international sim card.  It worked great as a basic cell phone.  As others have mentioned, you can't change the wallpaper and there are no exterior buttons to control the volume, but for about $30, a good deal.  I didn't use the dual sim card feature, but this could be very useful.

Just got the phone but haven't used it yet because I'm still waiting for the SIM card.It looks pretty decent for the price.I've read the reviews and I found some features that nobody has yet mentioned, as follows:1) Press the Up key to turn on the LED light, press it again to turn it off.2) Press the Right key to turned on the FM radio.3) Press the Down key to show the calendar.4) and Press the Left key to show the SIM card choices (that's what I guess because I still don't have a SIM card).As far as I can recall, the screen looks like the early Nokia cell phones of the 90s.UPDATE:The Left key is a shortcut for SMS/texting.Long press the # key to change profiles - Silent, General, etc.Long press the * key to lock the keypad.

love it, but had to return it cause it was not able to use in the Caribbean...I was

I bought this phone to use in UK and France. I purchased a 5 pound sim card, used it for a month in U.K., and also in France (higher roaming rates there, but as I only wanted to make a few calls or text, not worth buying a French sim card too). It's easy to use, no problems with connections and excellent reception - clearer than my U.S phone. No headphone/bluetooth or camera, has very basic tools (calendar, calculator, alarm - plus a flashlight that was actually very useful). For calls to the US, I bought a 5 pound International Calling Card, which gave me enough time to call home every few days on the cell. Received calls are free with most European plans. It was perfect for my needs. If you don't need smartphone capabilities, it's a very simple and economical way to keep in touch with people back home and in Europe. The plug needed an adapter for Engand, but worked with French outlets. The charge cord came with a U.S adapter. Battery lasted a long time between charges.

I needed a simple backup phone in case I break my Nexus 4 or it gets discharged, preferably a dual-SIM one because I did not want to remove a battery and a SIM card every time I want to use a different SIM card (I planned on using different full-size SIM cards for different purposes). Unfortunately, Nokia Basha 206 is not available on North American market (they only sell smartphones here), so I decided to buy this one because I considered LG a reputable brand. It turned out I was wrong.Pros:1. Long battery life when there is no talk (probably because the screen is always off when the phone is not used)2. Lightweight3. Has a flashlightCons:1. No hardware volume control (and it looks like you can only set the ring volume via the UI)2. The screen and letters on the screen are too small. A twice as big screen could fit in the space unoccupied by the keyboard (or with the same screen size a bigger and more convenient keyboard would fit in)3. Back cover is difficult to open4. Keys are very small5. There is no support for Cyrillic letters. All my old Nokia phones, although they did not allow to type Cyrillic letters, were able to display them. This phone supports only a few latin-based languages and displays squares for Cyrillic letters6. Navigation and control keys are not lit (only number keys are lit). Together with their extremely low profile the phone is very difficult to control in darkness.7. User menu is inconvenient and confusing. Instead navigating the menu I often turn on the flashlight. And instead of turning off the flashlight I often accidentally activate some menu commands.8. Two SIM cards cannot be used simultaneously. You need to activate either one or another.9. FM Radio is bad and noisy. I was able to tune only to 3 stations here in Los Angeles.10. It is impossible to lock the keyboard by pressing a combination of keys. It locks automatically (you can specify the time-out in settings).11. Since the screen turns off automatically after a certain timeout (10, 20, etc. sec.) it is impossible to see time and date and whether there were missed calls.12. It is impossible to change or remove the only wallpaper displaying an ugly flower.Voice quality is average. I can't say it's a pro or con, it's a fact.Overall this is a primitive, inconvenient and basic phone. I would not want to pay more than $10 for it. It cost me $22 (it was $32 on Amazon and I got a $10 discount for applying for Amazon card). Not recommended.

This phone is made and sold for LG outside the USA. It works well here, in my case with a T-Mobile SIM. LG, here in the USA could not or perhaps I should say 'would not' help me when I called them as it's not sold for the US Market. I give the phone Five Stars but LG USA a lot less.My phone arrived overnight from Amazon and that pleased me a bunch. I opened the box to find that (1) The instruction sheet was in Spanish and (2) The phone was programmed to work in Spanish. That would have been fine if I spoke or read any Spanish. I then called LG USA from their [...] website to find that this phone LG-A275 is not supported by LG in the USA because it's a phone for another part of the world.I did a bit of online searching and I was not able to find a manual on line.I then phoned Amazon and was connected with their Mobile Phone Tech Support (Good News) - Tracey was able to find a manual on line that was Arabic and English. I did find the Arabic section gar to read but the English section was fine.See this link to find the Arabic/English Manual - [...] (You will need to copy this URL and enter it in your browser as Amazon does not allow links to non-Amazon sites)The phone works well. I find the FM Radio and flashlight to be unusual function to add to a small cell phone but they work well also.

difficult to navigate tose small buttons instructions are poor i replaced it witha samsung that was 3 times the price but user friendly cp

Good phone except that it would not ring. I tried every setting and mode but, no luck. I contacted the seller who was responsive but  also had no suggestions. Therefore, I have returned the phone and ordered another that will hopefully work.  The phone itself seems to be a quality unit. I was pleasantly surprised that it does have T-9 text entry.  It did come with an English language user manual.

The instruction manual is in Spanish only.  I don't speak Spanish.  The phone is not listed on the LG website, so I could not find a manual in English online.Other reviewers have noted instruction manuals in various languages.  Spare yourself the trouble and buy a different phone.

cheapdual simmega bright torchnice batterymicro usb charger (as on my main android phone)Can definitely recommend!

I have been using it with two Indian SIM cards and it works as described.Very simple, compact and comes with enough features.

I bought this phone for vacationing in Italy as an easy way to keep in touch with a friend there.Worked like a champ!  Easy to get to the SIM card.  Great battery life. Clear easy phone calls.  The only thing I was disappointed by (just a bit) was how cumbersome it was to text.  I'm actually really accomplished at the phone-pad-only T9 texting thing, but there were just an inordinate number of buttons to push and menus to select when sending a text . (Couldn't just hit &#34;Reply&#34; and have it send. Had to select several options for it to send).  That said... Buy it if you need a basic phone!  Very useful, cheap, compact, and NO ONE is gonna steal it! : )

We used it during our recent vacation in Vietnam and Cambodia, with local SIMs. The best way to make local calls and even international calls at a reasonable and predictable cost.

I was looking for a basic dual SIm card phone to replace a failed purchase on a a Generic Android dual SIm card phone.  That phone is now essentially a paper weight. It is such a dog I do not want to sell it or give it away.This small phone fits the bill. Great quality sending and receiving calls.Nice small phone that does  basic phone stuff.It is somewhat of a pain to take the  back of  the case off to change SIM cards if you have to.For the price it is over the top in terms of performance.Higher cost and more features are not necessarily better!!!!
