
Returned mine since it's not really MTK6577 dual-core 1.2GHz inside. It's a MTK6575 single-core 1.0Ghz inside as revealed by Antutu Benchmark and other hardware info apps. If not for these apps I would have been fooled.DETAILS: I also received one with "Note 3" sticker on phone and has Android 4.1 inside (not 4.0 as described). Says N9776 on back of phone (batt compartment) but I also noticed that battery compartment is white plastic (not black as in pics), rear camera is "orange metal" (not silver-metal as in pics), and charger/cable/handsfree-earphones are black (not white as in pics). The charger-adapter is 5V but only 500mA output so takes too long to charge the high capacity batt. But so far none of these descrepancies are deal breaker. Then I downloaded Antutu Benchmark and few other hardware info apps and found out that the inside was the cheaper & less powerful MTK6575 single-core 1.0GHz system. I cried foul to seller, sent screenshots and returned it for full refund. Amazon Seller (in US) says he wasn't aware and also paid higher price himself for MTK6577 dual-core 1.2GHz phone simply trusting his supplier in China.Update 02May2013: I bought again, this time from an eBay/Amazon seller from Hong Kong. I requested seller to confirm for MTK6577 dual-core before shipping. So I finally received an orange colored 6" N9776 with MTK6577 dual-core 1.0GHz as they advertise. Interesting that it looks "exactly" identical to the single-core N9776 I returned before. So it means you can't tell the difference from external look or packaging. This dual-core is much smoother/faster. Antutu score for this dual-core is about 6500 compared to the 4000 for the other single-core.

love it. it came in nicely, they said it would take like three weeks but it take in in about 10 days.perfect!!!!

buenas tarde el producto todavia no lo e resivido lo que yo quiero saber si es desbloqueado y si trabaja con las lineas de sim card aqui en venezuela que es digitel movistar  y movilnet espero pronta respuesta

One thing I have to say is that this phone is HUGE I love it.. it also has a quality feel to it. love the front leather screen protector which I think is actually leather...at least it smells like leather. the screen itself is great but by no means is it AMOLED. but still a great screen. I would recommend this phone.

Camara sucks. Not 3g speed, service slow, but wifi it work real good. The battery doesnt keep a,good charge and they give you two.

I have family mobile prepaid sim card and it worked right away the phone gets good signal and its works great.. The phone is not real fast but its fast enough and everything works fine.. For this price it is not bad at all.

So far I have had zero problems with this phone, you can tell it's a little cheaper because of its touch screen, but it is huuuge and so worth it!

Alright! i have been looking forward to getting my phone and man o man am i happy, I decided to wait 2 weeks before writing my review, but here it is! First I received it on the date it said it would arrive! I was super excited about that, i'm not a techy person so I couldn't tell you specifics but here it goes.The phone itself is beautiful! nice large screen it's basically a tablet, looks a little funny when talking on the phone, i've had people approach me and ask if i'm talking on my tablet and i have to say NO it's my phone! hahaMy two biggest compalints: One, the phone does NOT charge! the adapter i received doesnt work for crap! i left my phone plugged in over night and it stayed at 35% the entire time, i was SO mad! i tried the second batter (came with 2 batteries, woo!) and same thing, did not charge, finally i decided to plug the usb into my computer and just like that, it chaged! it sucked because no i have to leave my computer on all night just to get my phone to charge, but it's not so so bad, not sure how or where to find an adapter that will actually work, any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.number two is just like another person said, when you are talking on the phone the screen shuts off and the ONLY way to hang up is by using the power button, you have to go into the settings and check that the power button can also be used to hang up calls! This really sucks, but it doesn't ALWAYS happen sometimes the screen will stay lit and i can hang up just fine, i've gotten used to just putting it on speaker, it sounds better, that is my number 3, the sound is SO quiet, i have to press my ear against the screen just to hear and sometimes my cheeks will hang up the call or pause it when the screen is still lit. But i've had that problem with ALL my smart phones so if you have big cheeks beware haha jk jkhmmm o and last but not least the speaker it has on the back...o dear, it is not the greatest when playing music, especially rock, metal, heavy metal, screamo...it kinda sucks for that, when using it to talk on speaker phone it works really really well but not so well for music! other than that i'm very happy with my purchase, it does everything i need it to do, check e-mail all 4 of them :) personal and business, same with our businesses facebook page, it runs well, not slow at all, and the screen is great! works much better in the dark, some glare when you are outside but still a great phone! so if your not too picky, the price is freaking awesome and the phone is too! had the charger actually worked, i would have given it 5 stars, but it's not that big of a deal to me! i'm not picky i just like having something nice and something that gets the job done! I use my phone for EVERYTHING and so far so good! i will update if it messes up in less than a year tho, since that's what a lot of ppl said, that it only lasts a year! for me that would be a wonderful miracle if i could make it to the one year mark! i'm rough on my phones haha oh and also i got it in orange! didn't have to message them or anything :) so happy guys! SUPER!

My only regret from buying this phone is that it is too big. Does not fit in your pockets too well. Lol. It's easy to drop. I've already lost handle on mine 2-3 times and dropped it. Other than my few complaints this phone has served me well. I also went straight talk At&t with this phone and service is hit and miss with it. When I'm not around Wifi at my house the internet is God Awfully slow

I really like this phone. I have not had any problems with it since I got it just before Christmas.The big letters and numbers are easy to see

My phone arrived today! Took 2 weeks to get here from China--The date it's expected made me kind of discouraged, but it doesn't take that long. tracking is available if you copy the numbers off your order details!  The phone arrives well sealed and protected in bubble wrap!  This phone is exactly as described. I put my AT&T go phone sim card in and that was it!! made calls immediately! Comes with an orange cover case too. That was nice.  Been messing with it for awhile, can't put it down.  Great phone, and great company Reliable service!!

Bought on of these 9 months back, I loved it but the 4mg of ROM is grossly inadequate for a smart phone in today's world. So I bought the Mega clone with 16 Gb ROM. It worked very well too, I would say better than Samsung Mega. Problem is, it fell and broke the screen and for the last 2 months I have tried every where for a replacement screen (Samsung parts won't work, I tried) but there is none to be found. Please consider the spare parts problem before buying these Chinese after market. I only got 2 month's use for my $245.00.

Can't play Netflixs! WiFi and GPS is junk! Product is no longer working, drops calls as well as not recieving calls!

atttracts more attention than i like, but its well worth it as it offers some tablet features + gps +camera + phone in a package that fits in a shirt or jacket pocket. documentation really needs to be more extensive, so I am still discovering how to use the many features (anybody know how to delete messages?). battery life not an issue for me, but a car charger would be nice.l.mckissick

Great phone  it works better than expected I love the color as style I have no complaints at all what so ever

Its nice, using Tmobile service for calls and wifi for data. I'm definitely not a high end user but it is great and my low vision daughter likes it alot. As other reviewers have noted the camera is not that good and the GPS is hit and miss. Ordered from a high rated seller with amazon fullfilment to be on the safe side--- Thanks prontotec10/20 Ok, Had to buy a second phone for another daughter-- this was a nice phone but the next generation is much better-- get the latest operating system and next generation chip and you will love it-- this earlier version is clumsy by comparison

When making calls screen goes black and won't light back up when take away from face to hang up. Auto rotation does not work very well either. Phone isn't very fast and I know it's bot my internet connection I have experimented

IT'S A 6 INCH NOTE TWO 3G CELL PHONEAAAAA+++++ NOT A 4G CELL PHONE THEY NEED TO MAKE A 4G PHONE

it was very glitchy and the proximity sensor was junk it failed by means of screen flickering or goin black with no response from the touch screen

loved the phone. I've had it a month and last night it just turned off. will not turn back on or charge. very upset.

I really  like  this phone the big screen, it's great  the phone came with two batteries and ear phone and a very nice case.the reason for only four stars the battery run down quickly, and it download apps very slow .as of right now I am loving it.

I just received my new phone, and I absolutely love it. Quick delivery process. Would recommend this phone to anyone wanting a Note phone without the Note price tag.

Stopped working after three weeks! Waste of money!

I bought two of these phones for my husband and myself back in February. It only took a couple of days for his to stop working properly. It went dead one day and after he put it on the Charger it still wouldn't turn back on....then mine broke about a month after my purchase, the busted on it with very minor impact ,  for example like putting it in my purse and just walking around. With it for a couple of hours.... I continued to use it with a busted screen BC I couldn't afford. Repairs and finally about six months. After my purchases it finally knocked. Off and died too....and what little time it did work it would constantly go dead took hours to charge would die within3 mins and never had a bit of working. Speed....it always ran slow ands would ffreeze up.  Final thought, I wasted over 400$ on these. Phones and. I could have gotten better use out of a little toy phone then this phone! Worst phone I have ever seen before and very cheaply made!!!

I just purchased this phone. I was impressed with how quickly it arrived and the packaging but the internet feature does not work. Can anyway explain why and how I can get a refund or exchange for a phone that works ?Thank you

Great phone and full of potential. Fast free shipping through B&G; international Prime. Order was Monday 25 2013 and delivery came Thursday 28 2013 $ 204? So not complaining. Wow screen and great with Wi-Fi. Haven't use a sim yet. I have trackphone and as we all k know trackfone service online work with their own phone so no biggy. Comes w with case batteries and earphone. OMG volume very loud. One downside front camera sucks so don't count on using it but back camera is good. I just hope it works with T-M sim when I get it. Also it's super sensitive.I can't even finish my comment bc am still speechless and out of words.Overall it has everything I bought it for so am one happy customer.

good i like this huge big display camera  very good you can view nice picture on it i can use my Skype on it

I absolutely lovvvvve my phone, I brought it as a birthday gift for myself:)!!! its perfect!! the phone I received was white not orange and that's fine with me, everyone keeps asking where I bought it, I just say &#34;Amazon!!!

Screen is not sharpThe android software is fine but the screen need to be more sharp because of the size is a 6&#34; phone tablet

i bought this phone and when i first got it i had problems with hanging the phone up. When you call somebody the screen will go off so when you are done talking to them you have to wait on them to hang up. Also recently my volume went out i cant hear text messages or calls, and when people call me they can hear me but i am stuck saying HELLO, because i cant hear anything and i only had this phone a little over a month and now my return policy is out of date. Now that's money gone to waist and i have to try to save money to get an new phone.

Can anyone get Netflix to work on there n9776 note it just keep loading @ the loading screen is there another version I need to download

Awesome phone and tablet.  Excellent price .  Why buy a more expensive with few features when this one has it all. My friends ith 500 to 800 dollar phones r so jealous.

This phone is awful.Apps randomly close while you're in the middle of using them.The phone is SO slow.The sensor doesn't realize your face is there while you're on the phone, so your face is constantly pushing buttons.GOD THIS PHONE IS SLOW.Regular Android chargers DO NOT fit in this phone. The plug needs to be extra long or it doesn't fit, because of the poor design of the phone. So if your charger goes out or you lose it or you'd like one for at work and at home, you're SOL. Better get used to carrying your charger in your purse.Did I mention how slow this phone is?I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone.The size is nice and makes it easier to see stuff. The orange is cute. Those are the only reason this phone gets 2 stars instead of 1 (or 0).I wish my mom would have saved her money and bought a decent phone and an orange case for it. This phone is ridiculous.

This is a very nice phone it was delivered on time although it was used it did have a few scuffs I was told it had a stylist that did not come with the phone and worst of all the charger does not fit the port I had to go out and buy a universal charger that was $20 so added up the cost for gas and a new charger its best to buy the phone brand new.

I like the phone but it doesn't get 3g if I was able to get 3g ill give it 5stars

I got this phone last week and was amazed at how big/wide it was. I feel silly placing it on my ear when talking on the phone. How do you guys use it and how do you carry it since it doesn't fit well in my pant pockets?

I love this phone especially the color i havent found anything wrong with it so far just different feautures i see and dnt really like other than that im enjoying it worth my money.

This phone is beautiful. Everywhere I go, it turns heads, and even the guys in Radioshack drooled over it. Initially, this phone took some getting used to. The back camera is pretty clear. The front camera is OKAY in a lighted room. (But then again, I work with photographers, so I'm a tough critique.) However, with a little bit of editing, these pictures are just good enough for Instagram. I turned this phone on with the Metro PCS $40.00 plan. If you can bite the bullet and pay an extra ten dollars, I suggest you do it. This phone, with the forty dollar plan, IS SOOOOOO SLOW. The only way I get by is because I have Wifi, and this phone is LIGHTNING FAST in wifi. Also, as others have said, this phone doesnt have much storage space. GET AN SD CARD ADDED TO YOUR PURCHASE WHEN YOU BUY THIS. Overall, I really like this phone. I have all of my apps, music, and pictures on it. Great Buy.

Product is no longer working, drops calls as well as not recieving calls (people call and it never comes through to the pone)

This phone has given me problems from day one black screen black outs, it power downs out of no where, charger input stop working, headphone jack never worked from the start hard to find any accessories totally a bad investmentDONT DO IT

Apart from the micro USB cable needing a longer pin than the normal ones (no big deal), its pretty good. Works well on the TMobile network. I'm happy with the purchase so far.

I got this phone late. It wasnt the color I wanted. But...... the screen is nice and big clarity is good to OK. Ram is small but I don't have a plan so I don't need big ram. Only thing is. In the sun its hard to see thescreen screen. some messages don't send even when I have full signal. Overall I rate this a 3 star. Nice upgrade phone. Would never know its a copy of a note 2.

This phone is excillent!! first things first.the screen is beautiful, bright, and isnt really pixelated. it has great viewing angles compared to other android phones from a China manufacturer. but beware that if you are epecting to get 3G on T-Mobile's network it only supports EDGE wich is converted to 2.5G which is pretty slow in  my opinion. idk about at&t; but in a few months i might switch just to see if it supports AT&T;' 3G

The phone seemed great initially until it quickly got damaged & the local phone repair places are unable to fix bc it's not a common brand or type.  Also the large size seemed great at first until the issue of privacy became a problem! Anyone sitting next to you can read messages or text without really trying:(

when I first got this phone  I thought WOW but about two weeks after getting it is now got into and EMERGENCY CALL status some how and is locked there. Tried removing the battery and both SIMs but no matter what it stays stuck in the "EMERGENCY CALL" format and solid as a rock, even tried physical reset "nothing" so now the phone is useless. May just have to throw it away. If anyone knows what to do please let me know elh@cut.net Has anyone got this problem yet?

I really like this phone due to it's large screen, it makes it easier for me to view text and photos and for the price I could not beat it.

it came faster than amazon said it would . i got it i was ssooooo excited unboxed it and it was bigger and bettter than i thought it would be thank you im going to buy another one i think a black one this time

I had a dinosaur flip phone and I am so excited that i can afford a phone with all the I Phone features.  I haven't even read the manuel yet and I have been able to figure out all the things that I have needed to do so far.  This is saying a lot since I am not very tech savvy.

I purchased this phone for my daughter and she really likes it.  Everyone at her school thinks its the new Samsung Note III.  I paid four times the amount for my Samsung Galaxy 4!!

I love this phone had about three of them I'm bad with phone I just got a galaxy 4s in I'm about to stop using it so I can get another one of these

I went through some growing pains with it from the start with a coupe incidents where I  almost sent it back the first month. Then once I got it going it had a good speech to text for my emails ,and I was using it to read my kindle books on the go until one morning it was froze up and would not recover no matter what  I did. All I gained for my time and trouble was trouble shooting experience. No more discount smart phones for me.

I was not happy with the internet was very slow with t mobil service,  the ringer volume was too low and the color was very dim

This phone is better than I'd hoped.Basically, it's a slightly more travel convenient tablet with the bonus of being a phone.As soon as I received it from my mail carrier I opened it up and slid my T-mobile SIM card in and ta-da! It worked.The screen is beautiful and most importantly--Huge!If you get one of these babies you most likely won't need a 7 inch tablet. Plus, you can call/text people with it :) It also has GPS, which most cheaper tablets out there don't have.I haven't tried using a Data plan with the phone, but my in-house wifi works great.Using the internet on this phone is nice and easy-- the built in browser is fast, though my default preference has been Opera.It's pretty quick when accessing apps and since it's not JellyBean it's got Flashplayer built in--thank god for that.Youtube and Netflix work great.Screen is very responsive, better than my Crystal Ainol tablet.The camera seems okay--don't have anything to compare it to, the video camera seems a lot nicer (I could see myself using it over taking pictures).The phone is very lightweight and the perfect size to read on. Reading comics on it is actually a surprisingly nice experience--using the Kindle app, the pages of a comic can be divided and enlarged if you choose.I've found myself neglecting my tablet since I powered up the phone.The one thing I couldn't find when doing research on this phone was a picture of it compared to a 7 inch tablet--so I've decided to post one, in case that helps someone make a decision.

this product is really good. I like it, It works proprely. next week i will order more  because it a really good phone.

Arrived by DHL much quicker than expected. Very easy to get started with this phone. The size is astonishing but not cumbersome at 6". I can see and type with no problems.  Comes with 2 batteries and a snap on case of the same orange color. Set up using a Straight Talk sim card was easy per my husband, who had me up an running and was playing with it in an hour. I'm new to Android so, learning all the ins and outs of synching and swiping is really giving my brain a work out. I'm going to get a screen cover and a Bluetooth and that should be about it. Tip for prepaid users, get a Google Voice number. My main number is stored in Google Voice (cost me $20 once) and it forwards all my calls from my old MI number to my new TN number seamlessly. Also sends a text when I get a voice mail. I will post more as I learn more about this phone. I'm glad I took a chance on it.

I read all the information about the phone and thought I was making a quality purchase. WRONG! The p-hones operating system is not compatible with most service providers. The fact that the phone had a mind of it's own was a constant problem. I would be trying to read txt and it would go through 5-10 different screens and apps and would randomly open up apps you didn't touch. I have also run into problems trying to locate another charger for the car. Nothing else fits. It has now only been 4 months since I purchased and the charging port no longer works for some reason and this company doesnt honor any manufacturer warranty. So I'm screwed. A phone that won't charge and I'm out of almost $200. I had the worst time connecting to internet and of course it was slow as S***. So needless to say I wouldn't purchase nothing with out a manufacture warranty on line.

the WiFi and GPS is junk. The only thing good about this phone is the screen size. Can't play Netflixs even. I can't get even 2G on this crappy phone.

It slipped on tile floor and the screen cracked.  still worked for a month. Guess it was my fault the screen went white.  A great phone and worked as expected.

My charger does not work.I would like one that works that's what I paid my money for.The phone works fine.

This phone looks good but it does not work very well.  First the lens of the camera has something in it so the pictures all are fuzzy.  It says it is a 3G phone but it has never gotten 3G service. (It is not the service)  Also using it is difficult - The side buttons do not work well and the oversized screen causes problems if you hold the phone to your ear-You touch the screen and the call goes away.  At first I thought that perhaps I did not know to operate the phone but then the other problems started and how do I get ride of the Chinese letters on the screen.  I would recommend customers to stick with a name brand phone even though this price looks good.  (You get what you pay for)

I could never get 3g data with this phone, I barely got 2g, and my data messages would never download, I was using this phone with Straight Talk , after reading some of the reviews I have come to the conclusion that it could have been the company I was with. I'm sending the phone back anyway because my calculator doesnt work and I dont like how the screen goes black when talking on the phone. , but if I was able to get 3g I would look over the minor issues I'm having, cause the phone it self look's great.

The phone looks great but the charger went out my battery never stayes charged. The headphones it came with was poor quality the charger also because it went out/stopped working. The size of the phone is great

I'm must say that I never had any doubts when i first ordered the phone. It came in a wonderful condition and I didn't expect to get any accessories (stylus pen and a key chain) for it was not stated that I would.I love everything about this phone, the size and also I never expected it to be able to play video on any other websites except You Tube which i found out it could. It also has another little feature I like, which allows you to take pictures while recording a video. Also, there was no need to download a screenshot app because it came with the ability to do so.In my opinion this phone has so many awesome features that it can be compared to a samsung galaxy note.The only negative comment I have it that the memory is insufficient for downloading all the apps one would need and updating them, however this is where you would have to purchase a micro sd card.FromA happy customer

I seen a lot of good an bad reviews. I thought well I'll give it a try. So I ordered it they took the money out. So I waited. It was gonna take a month to get here but that wasn't the big issue. It told me they had shipped it but they really didn't. They sent me a email asking me if it was ok to send a white one because they didn't have the orange one I said that was fine but why would it tell me they already shipped it? Than the next day it told me my order had been canceled. But they put the money back in my account the next day so that was good. I wouldn't try an order another one but would have liked to try the phone.

I got the phone and when I opened the box, there was the phone, charger, and cord, and only one battery. It was supposed to come with two batteries. I wrote the seller and they told me there was one in the phone, but there was not. I asked them to send me another battery like they ad promised, but they refused. instead they said they would refund me $3.00, but I have yet to see that either.

I bought mine from BBQbuy. They have some weird Jelly Bean framework that does NOT allow you to root the phone. I usually enjoy messing with my phones and was excited about the possibilities of what I could do with this one. The screen is responsive. The phone doesn't lag too badly considering it doesn't have much ram, but you can't install many widgets, and without being able to root you are stuck with a low amount of onboard storage and not being able to take screen shots.

I have another similar device in 5&#34; size that has stronger phone antenna, so use this one for home wi-fi and reading mostly, but they are both great value for someone who does not live in 4G territory anyway.

I really can't rate the phone yet, because I haven't received it. So ignore the rating please.  My question is one, I want to use my straight talk, AT&T  sim.. Will that work? If not where can I get a straight talk sim that will fit, without me cutting it.  Second, where did u fing extra adapters, so I can order them now.  I have read everyone's comments good and bad, please update your thoughts. Thanks! From Flygirl

The Phone Is Gorgeous Its Huge, The Phone Is Great For Show But Has Really Poor Quality.Do Not Go Through Straight Talk For A Sim Card The Phone Company Is Horrible You Cant Receive Pictures , Or Connect To Data There Is No Internet Activity At All , You Barley Get Signal. I Honestly Wouldnt Waste My Time On This Phone Especially If You Like Using Data Or Taking Pics...I Definitely WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYONE

This phone was amazing! So I thought it was gonna be a cheap crap. But its like sooo nice! Every body askes me where I got it and how cool it is. Its so perfect forthe price. But its not  a samsung. And its a little slow sometimes but its nothing major. I love it

I love the size of the phone and the clarity of the screen, however, I bought the sim card activation kit from straight talk, put it in the phone and I cannot send picture messages. It takes forever to receive a picture message, and I cannot use the data at all. I contacted straight talk and they told me that it is not compatible with the tmobile sim card I purchased from them. I have seen several comments that the tmobile sim card does work with it. Can anyone help me determine what I am doing wrong?

I like the phone, and I like the size of the phone but the day I pulled it out of the box put my sim card in, called straight talk got all the information I need to get to put in the phone like the APN (Access Point Network) To connect to internet. I hung up with straight talk I cant get service, Because this is def an AT&T phone and it will run off a AT&T tower only....so the one and only day I had the phone I had no service, no phone calls, no text, couldnt even connect to internet. so phone was worthless, Decided that night to return phone if I cant use it I dont need it.....AT&T service sucks in my area so I will never order another AT&T phone. But good phone only if your in a good AT&T area. Also after I called straight talk and put in the APN and took the old APN out somehow or another the straight talk APN was deleted and the old APN was back....def was done fighting with that phone by then!

It is slow and only operates on 2g. Using the WiFi does not really help. The phone itself is just turtle slow. My service work perfect before. Then my provider said it wasn't fully unlocked

NO NO NO DO NOT GET THIS PHONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I took it to my cell phone to the store the guy was like it is a joke......  P  O  S !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Don't do it! I think the other reviews are a shame!!!!!!!!!!!!!

have anybody out there found a heavy duty phone case or cover for this phone cause i cant find one looked everywhere i could think plz help anyone im talking about something like a nice outterbox or hybird  case.

PHONE WASN'T WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR, NICE LOOKING PHONE BUT LOOKS CAN BE DECEIVING, WOULDN'T BUY AGAIN, SENT IT BACK.

This is an amazing Android phone. Very well-made. The price has been going up and down like a yoyo, though. Two weeks after I ordered it, there was a US$19 drop. The vendor has kindly promised to send an additional battery to make it up. Service from this vendor (lol-buy) is quite good. No complaints here.There is already a very helpful and somewhat long review thread on the orange version. I'll simply touch upon two major issues here:(1) The sim cards: I have tried an AT&T; data plan micro-sim (an adapter is needed), booted up the phone and the card is recognized. After entering info in the sim management panel, 3G service is indicated by an H next to the signal bars. No problems answering and calling at all. Then a second sim from another country is tested, also recognized right away; although a field test will have to be deferred until my next overseas trip.(2) The GPS: It actually works well. A Satellite Check app (also included in the Polaris Navigation app) operating in the magnetic mode (for indoor use) picks up 9-12 satellites in a few minutes. It takes only seconds to get a fix outdoors. Google Navigation works flawlessly.On the flip side, the display is no retina display; it is just good enough for general viewing. And some apps don't work - those requiring a magnetic sensor (it does not have one), for example, the compass apps. Not deal breakers, of course.Overall, for the money, this is a surprisingly good smartphone. Some tweaking is needed, but it is part of the fun.5/13/2013 Update: (1) The vendor quickly sent over the battery. (2) After many tries, this phone simply cannot be rooted.6/4/2013 Update: This phone actually can be rooted. Now it is perfect!7/19/2013: After almost 3 months of daily use, this phone is still going strong. There has been a huge improvement, thanks to Google. The newest Google Maps no longer stays in RAM thus avoiding the previous version's eating up the memory.8/15/2013: After inserting a new battery, all of a sudden, the phone begins to randomly shut down, does not wake up from sleep, cannot fully reboot, and worse, the battery cannot be re-charged. Turns out to be a contact issue: the three copper pins on the battery and the phone sometimes do not kiss tightly. The battery needs to be about 0.1-0.2mm longer. A spacer made from aluminum foil corrects the problems. These symptoms are suspiciously similar to some previous comments complaining about a broken phone or unchargeable battery. Probably just a loose connection.3/3/2014: After testing umpteen apps. Two prove the most useful: (1) a browser with a funny name "Naked Browser" allows automatic deletion of history, cache, etc, on exit; and (2) MobileUncle is a must, in its Engineering -> localization mode, a GPS fix can be obtained in less than 18 sec. Others such as Documents-to-Go works well with Dropbox and phone calls, both US and international, with Viber is a breeze. This dual core phone still does a good job, it'll be interesting to see if the ones with octacore will now take over.

I do not know if I like the phone or not because there was no manual to tell you how to operate it.  Other vendors selling this phone indicate that the manual is included..  How are you supposed to work the machine ?

Nice phone love it! I am having a blast using it and it has a great screen resolution. Buy one for yourself just remember it is big

I thought I was going to get this product in shown color of ORANGE....instead I received it in white....ok fine I could deal w/ getting it in the wrong color cause i was switching from a contract phone to a no contract phone. 3 days after my 30day grace period, my phone fell on the floor and the screen turned white on one side, now the entire screen is turning white and is difficult to see. So now i have no choice but to order another phone and hope that I can possibly get a partial refund for the other phone and if the new phone comes in any other color besides orange I'm not going to be a very happy camper.I did receive my 2nd phone (from a different seller) in the requested orange color. However I am still unsure why i can not send or receive MMS msgs. Hopefully I will figure it out at some point.

This is the worst phone you can buy. Yeah it's amazing and stunning and works flawlessly... For a week. So not waste your money on this phone. I regret buying. Worst money I ever spent. The charger will end up messing the phone off. If your charger breaks you will not be able to find another. Instead of charging my phone, the charger uncharged it. It needed up killing both batteries. Once again I warn you DO NOT buy this phone. Coming from a owner who lost money for a  phone that lasted for a week!!

I am very happy with this device. Ithas a few glitches but otherwise its very good. Seller has very helpful also.

Seriously, great phone, great screen and much improved camera compared to previous versions. Still, darker environments will provide a challenge in regards to pictures, but the quality has improved. Flash is still insufficient. Can run all android applications and the size is simply amazing! Speed is perfect. Very durable.

This was pretty good it was nice and big clarity was excellent till one day i needed to charge it and the charger wouldn't work then the outlet plug they came with the phone was round tht went in the socket when i tried my wife plug tht went to her phone and it didn't work it was time to send it back. What was really bad they sent me a white phone when I wanted the orange one

This phone broke a week after having it! And none of the stores, like Best Buy, have ever even seen one!

I've only been using this phone for a few weeks, so I may revise this review later. For now, though, I love the phone and I consider getting another for my wife. I had the problem with the phone going unresponsive during a call, but by calibrating the proximity sensor with the phone to your ear you can eliminate this problem. The battery life is fine with me (works all day) and the screen resolution is great, until maybe someone puts an iPhone 4 or 5, or a Galaxy S4 in your face. The screen size beats those, anyway... Yes, at this point, I don't think you can beat it for the money. If it breaks before a decent life cycle, I'll be back to gripe about it. Oh, I also wish it has two or four times the onboard storage for active apps, but there are android apps out there to manage things well enough to generally keep you happy. The GPS puts me about a mile away, and the compass apps don't seem to work, but hey, it's a $170 UNLOCKED smartphone, that took my ATT sim just fine, so how can I squawk about that?

I ordered this phone last week and absolutely love it! It is such a good deal when you compare how much is costs for what you get in comparison to the Samsung Note or all other name brand phones out there that cost an arm and a leg. It works with my at&t pay as you go unlimited service and wifi. I havent had any problem getting anything to work on it yet. All apps and everything work perfectly. I was weary to buy this phone because it seemed too good to be true, a legit smartphone for around $200, but I am so glad I did. I really do love it. I would review all of the features and functions, but if you go to youtube, you can see reviews already out there which show it exactly for what it is. I deffinantly recommend this phone if you want an awesome phone for a good price.

This is a great phone.Bought from:Sold by MEIMEI-SHOP  5 stars for excellent shipping and productAT&T; SIM works well.  Bought from:anmyers6This is a huge upgrade from my introductory Samsung Precedent smartphone.Comes with 2 Batteries, Charger, headphones, regular back cover and flip cover.  I emailed the seller after ordering to request the orange color.  My phone arrived in 2 days.  My SIM arrived later.I highly recommend that Straighttalk users who are use T-Mobile or AT&T; first find out which provider works best in their area.  T-moble was lousy at my workplace and mediocre at home but wonderful in certain areas of the city.  I ordered an AT&T; SIM for just $19 and my signal is now wonderful at work.  I had suffered with T-Mobile for more that 2 weeks. I went from no bars on G to a full 4 bars on H.  You certainly cannot judge the phone by the SIM.  Spend the extra $5 with Straighttalk if you need AT&T.;Flip Cover:I love how the phone has the protective flip coverBattery: really lastsCharger Cable: I carved back all of my standard charging cables to fit properly into this phone.Headphones:  All of my headphones work without modification of the cable.  The ones included work very well.Bluetooth:  works wonderfully.Netflix:  Haven't gotten it to work yet.  Still awaiting a solutionSignal Boosters: never really helped when I used T-MobileSound: hearing voicemails can be a challenge if the caller is speaking low.  I had to use the speakerphone sometimes.  Talking was fine though.  I had no trouble hearing the conversation.  The Speaker is good.Video:  I enjoy it.  I don't require HiDef.  Great for watching a video during lunch break.Memory space:  I need a larger memory card for storing more video.  I used my 2Gig from my old phone.Navigation: I really need to test it.  T-Mobile bothered me so much that I never really tested the Navigation in my car.FM radio APP:  I guess having this great AT&T; signal doesn't help.  It really is an FM signal and I cannot get 90.1 at my employer.  I downloaded the WABE 90.1 APP instead.  I works wonderfully. I can enjoy the classics again.Camera: fine for me.  There is always something better.  I was using a Samsung Precedent so this phone is a huge upgrade for me.Screen Covers:  Still using the one with the writing on it until I order some good ones.  Not sure which ones to get yet.Hot Spot Tethering:  works wonderfullySafety:  Too big to &#34;palm and thumb&#34; while driving.  Need to find a way to clamp it to my dashboard.  The bluetooth is an absolute must.APN settings:  No data without it  I used these for AT&T;Straight Talk 3G APN settings APN SettingsName: TechnoTrading  (probably doesn't matter what you call it)APN: att.mvnoProxy: proxy.mvno.tracfone.comPort: 80Username: Not setPassword: Not setServer: Not setMMSC: http:mmsc.cingular.comMMSC proxy: 66.209.11.33MMS port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410Authentication Type: Not setAPN type: default,suplAPN protocol: IPv4Bearer: Not specifiedSomeone help me with Netflix please

well mii fone came tonight IT IS HUGE!! It took three weeks to get here because of a china holiday that lasted from2/6/13til2/16/13 but so far it seem to have been worth the wait i cant seem to put it down bye bye tablet ur history now i hope my wife phone come tomorrow man this phone is HUGE!! Will update later got to love it for now..lol

When I received this phone, which it took about a month. I got the phone I was excited for how big it is, but after waiting so long to get the phone I couldn't even use it without a sim card. Finally got the sim and found out that the internet doesn't work, which means the google play store doesn't work, which means I cant do anything with this phone but call and text. This sucks because im into apps and the internet. Am I the only one who had this problem?????

I just got my phone today and I have been playing with it for hours.. I ordered from dealersmyth and got it 33 days before expected (from china). One draw back is the charging port is really deep so I cant use the chargers for my old phone...I like to have more than one charger so I will be ordering another ASAP! Anyway nice phone, great price, no contract, and easy to program!

It said I would recieve my order within 3-6 days & it hasn't even been sent off and its been over seven days this company is not doin what it says it will do

This is a hot bargain! This phone is amazing! The only thing I don't like about it is that I have yet to find a case that fits it; I ordered one that was recommended, and it had the same measurements, but it was too small. But as long as you aren't a total clutz, you will love this phone!

I brought this phone 3 months ago. The shipping and packing was overall good. As I was setting this phone up I noticed that the software is not like the Galaxy period!!!!!  The screen is not bright and it would not stay on long enough. While chatting on a phone call my screen go straight blank and I have to get off the phone in order for me to see anything.  SUCKS!!!!! My phone calls lose receptions so fast and it would say&#34; Outside 3G network&#34;???HUH!?!?!?!?  My service is T-mobile and usually never had any issues with them at all.  I have people calling back and they reported back to me that they get a message saying that&#34; I was outside the network and call back.,,,,,,,This is not it, Internet is so horrible I can be outside sitting somewhere in a good area where the signal is &#34;excellent&#34; and this phone would not connect me to the Internet and keep failing constantly. So I thought maybe i should try another cellphone provider ......I was totally wrong...IS THE PHONE....I was connecting it to regular WI-FI and how about this stupid thing would not connect!!!!!!!  I was losing my mind spending almost $160 dollars for something that only work when it feel like it.  When you attach your earphones to that phone to listen to some music...well you will hear the music like you have the speakers on while connected to the earplugs......I will make a huge complaint to amazon and have pictures to proof that this phone is not meant to be used here in the United States period.  Maybe if they upgrade this old cheap software that is on that phone they might get better reviews and business.  This phone is very fragile also !!!!!!!Phones are expensive at it is.....but I really feel in love with this Pad phone but hate everything that goes with it.  Its a totlly rip off and will post my message on every page that sell his type of phone to let people know that this is a wasting of money and just need to be careful when buying those electronics that come from overseas.  Amazon should investigate and look into these sellers that ripping people like me off with those cheap devices that don't work.  I hope the seller will be more understanding enough to return my money back and maybe need to take a good look at is own merchandise.  But somebody is going to reimburse me for this mess!!!  I am phone less at this time and it is useless.I hope that i did not took nobody joy away buying this phone...but I have to let everybody know my experience with this nightmare. Trying not to trash the seller reputation but its not fair to me when i have to take my money that I try did not had and get scammed with a defect device that would not last for a year.P.S.: I seen a lot of people was complaining about the batteries; well i think it was fine with me no problems at all but this thing has no &#34;2G' or 3G which that shows me that this phone need a lot of maintenance!!!!!!PLEASE DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.......PLEASE CONTACT AMAZON CUSTOMER SERVICE WHO WENT THROUGH MY EXPERIENCE AND REPORT!!!!!!

Pretty decent phone for the price. Video player isn't that good and the AT&T 3G is kind of slow, but overall a good value for the price since I only paid $153. I'm satisfied with my purchase.

My first impression of this phone when I got it was OMG looks soo unique and awesome after a while The phone had some issues, I've been having problems making calls, every time I make a call or receive call it always blinks/flashes I sometimes get important phone calls from my job or family members and its really hard to answer when the screen is flashing instantly nonstop. I have to turn off power in able for the screen flash to STOP! I regret buying this phone, its not even worth the money. oh and the battery don't even last an hour I have to charge it every chance I get. same as my wife's phone its a different one but we both order on here and her phone is having the same problem. I just wasted money on this phone. please don't let the looks of this phone fool you it will have some issues/problems.

everyone loves my phone and the case. i'll love it even more when i learn how to use it.....LOL  It's a beautiful phone.

I would have loved this phone but the charging port at the bottom was broke and had to send it back.

I wouldnt recommend this to anyone but thats just my opinion. I was very displeased. However, they may be of better service to someone else.

I LOVE  THE WAY THE PHONE LOOKS BUT MY ONLY PROBLEM IS THE INTERNET SERVICE, ITS SLOOOOW! I CANT EVEN DOWNLOAD ANY APPS BECAUSE THE MARKET WONT LOAD..

I love it.  I can do all the things I want with this phone.  I have referred it to others.

The battery goes down to quick, takes a while to recharge....but you do have another one. When taking a pic u cannot breathe or it is blurred. When purchased on line someone got my credit card and purchased an airline ticket overseas and some store purchases. If my bank had not known my purchase status because I am disabled whoever could have used all of my monthly bills. I actually wanted a samsung 4 or notebook but could not purchased financially, everyone be carefully. The microSDHC and SD that most ppl order does not go with this phone, so I got to look for the correct ones because the music I had on my other phones will not work, wish I could have just bought the Samsung 4 or notebook...

LOVE!! LOVE!! LOVE my phone. ive had it for a couple of days now all I had to do is pop in my att sim card and it was ready to go with no issues, I get full bars. Shipping time was 5 days I got mine from KEYDROPPER I would highly recommend that seller, he has excellent quick communication. No complaints at all. I will update review after more usage but so far so good!!

First when considering this phone you should understand the size of the phone ; the screen diagonal is 6&#34; the phone is 7&#34;, screen across is 3&#34; phone is roughly 3 1/2&#34;, screen length is  roughly 5&#34; phone length is about 6 1/4&#34;. I really like the phone, everything works great. I bought the AT&T Straight Talk standard sim card which works great with the phone gives me the H data signal. I bought this phone back on April 17th I've had it a little while. Setting this phone up I used the information in the reviews by The Engineer (which I am extremely thankful for) on page 5. If you are planning on using the same sim I highly recommend you look. The sound is good quality and can get very loud, camera is good (I don't do anything besides take pics of my kids), the screen is nice and bright. As far as outdoors direct sunlight you can barely see the screen but if you use your hand as some shade it's easily seeable. The one issue I have with this phone is the size only because it wont fit in my pocket BUT I would buy it again. The quality of this phone definitely met my expectations with what I had read and then receiving the phone. I was weary especially with it coming from overseas but it was worth it and so was the wait. Things I didn't realize is that the phone comes with 2 batteries, a strange looking stylus, wall charger/USB (the plug that goes into the phone does need to be cut further back if you have one of your own that'll fit, the one that comes with is already set), earphones, and a case cover battery door; you take off the back cover and snap another on that is connected to a cover that wraps around like a checkbook.

well,After waiting about 6 weeks it arrived safe and undamaged from the vendor . I am happy to report it came with 4.1.1 OS, so it is wellequipped and includes 2 batteries , wall charger, headphones w/mic and a pretty nice &#34;check-book&#34; style cover (mine is orange).also included was a small stylus and a screen protector film  . The construction is good quality and the responsive movement will surprise you for the price, I have not installed a SIM in it yet....on my way to the store to buy Net 10. The second SIM bay I will use for my trips to Asia. So this will be a very nice travel Pad/Phone....if it gets stolen or breaks, who cares for 160 bucks !! Vs. a 600 dollar Samsung its a great deal. The Wi-Fi works very well at my house and this Huge PadPhone jumps from page to page very nicely....smooth operation and decent visuals , the sound is not bad and no crackles coming from the speakers.I will try to post another review after I have tried the Phone opps.  But I can tell you this unit will surprise you, I am a little picky about my &#34;Tech Toys&#34;, so I am very happy with the seller and the equipment.  Thanks for reading and thanks Amazon !!

i love this phone so much!! Its big and clear screen is the best! The sound is loud enough for alarm! Love it! Want to buy another one!

i love the phone works very well. BUT now the pixals are messing up and i never drop the phone it does it very randomly also the ear peice is very low but other then that the phone is love

on the first week i had it it just kept on freezing then after it stop charging and i had to send it back it was nice but it just had to many problems

After using it for 8 weeks it started running very slow on our wifi, will not pickup wifi at work and reception was not good. Picture quality is terrible.Then it stopped charging. I switched batteries still would notcharge. I tried the charger on my old phone and it worked. So it is the phoneits self. I love the look of it and the accessories that came with it but to have problems alreadyafter spending $200 and waiting so long for it to arrive, it is not worth it.I have filed a complaint lets see how they handle my situation.

Best phone for your buck i have to say. Dose every thing i wanted and then some. the 6&#34; screen makes it alot easier to read and type.

I gave this product 5stars because it is great. It came before time and was just the item described. I have Straight Talk as my provider and the phone works fine. I would recommend it to everyone!

Was excited and very glad that it came a lot sooner then expected. When IK opened it and saw how huge this phone is, I was floored. Its bigger then then Samsung Note ll. My only hang up is the lack of gps signal in a lot of places. But over all love my new phone

I've had the phone for a few months now and haven't really had any major problems with it. Its runs better then I thought it would, the size is perfect for me, everyone that sees it asks about it they love the size and the features are pretty good as well. The only thing I don't like about it is how the memory is set up I have a 16GB SD in it but depending on what apps I download from the market it says that my internal memory is full but when I check it its no where near full and plus I have everything going to my SD card... that's the only major issue I have with this phone there's like different internal storage spaces it uses and I found out that it has something to do with the running internal storage that its saying that my internal storage is full other than that I would've given 5 stars

Excellent item,G-Sensor, smoothness, dual sim, etc. The data gown beyond 3G to HSPA+ which is known to be the first generation of 4G in US for GSM carriers.The only reason I do not rate it 5 starts is that is missing Compass and GPS. It uses A-GPS but it is not working properly with my provider.

I LOVE IT !!!! I CAN RAD & SEE EVERYTHING IN BIG PRINT. THE ONLY THING , YOU HAVE TO PUT A PIECE  OF FOLDED PAPER ON THE SD CARD SLOT THEN PUT THE BACK CASE BACK ON PHONE . THE SD CARD CLIP WAS LOOSE AND WOULD NOT HOLD IT PLACE.

This is one amazing phone for the price, the only thing I dislike is there's no insurance. It works well with straight talk $45 plan don't know about the $30.

I enjoyed using this phone.  It was difficult to take pictures and to type due to the case but it was a good phone.

I love the hardware, the screen is great but the software is the problem. Netflix doesn't work, either show blank screen or keep buffering. Flowplayer on the browser play distorted sounds. Youtube works though. I tried reset and reinstall without any help. I was thinking the problem is android 4.1 since the original description says 4.0 and some reviewers say Netflix works. I asked the seller if I can flash it with 4.0 but the just ask me to return it.

This was my first Pad Phone.  I loved this phone until I dropped it too many times.  I have brought two more since then. Love it.

pretty good for t money.big screen n easy to use on wifi.havent used the phone yet but its a great tablet

It could be a little more durable, but I like it alot and the battery life last longer than I thought 2... Thanks

The phone ring volume is so low even on high and there are no case to fit phone pad wow wat a waist should have stayed with boost mobile never received charger to pad

This is beyond my understanding, why spend so much on branded android smartphones, when you get the same power packed featured smartphones from China. Everything is very satisfying but the Camera, and that was not important to me either.Everyone should have a Camera to take pictures and not the phone. its meant to communicate. Go ahead guys, buy this phone without a hitch. You won't be disappointed.Another good thing is the shipment. Initial shipment showed me that its going to take almost a month coz, it is shipped from China, But Whaola, I got it within 10 days to my surprise.

I recieved my phone everything work i love it will buy more stuff soon. phone gets major looks when people see it

Do not buy!!!  It's a sturdy phone but it capabilities for connectivity is horrible  I bought this because I tried to save 50 but I the end I ended up buying a Blu phone anyway  u will not get any data on this phone  just spend the extra 50 and get a Blu  phone  its amazing

I love this phone. I use it every day. I highly recommend this seller and phone to anyone wanting to purchase a phone with an extra large screen. I have people asking about my phone all the time. The only draw back is that I cant find the cute cases to fit. I have to buy cases for the mega 6.3 which are slightly to big. I wouldn't trade it for anything.

Good phone. I liked everything that this phone has, i think soon i will buy another unlocked phone :). I just hope i can find cool unlocked phones with different colors.

This is the second one I have purchased. Phone works great and have had no problems with it just like the 1st one so far. Great value for the Money. I am only giving 4 stars because I ordered orange and the box has pic of orange phone but was white one inside, If it was for me I would of returned but my GF was happy with white and didn't want to return.Well after a year only one is still working and they both have had strange little bugs with them. Both would have to be restarted allot both were slow compared to other phones when using internet. We both used t-mobile. Her phone the display would shut down quite a bit and she would have to wait for the other person to hang up or restart the phone. The display is big but not really that good of a quality. If I had it to do over again I would not buy them and just buy a good high quality used phone. At least they were not a complete waste of money.

This phone is great, just received mine and buying one for my wife for her b'day so that will be two in my household with many more to go. The big name brands will go into financial abyss soon, folks we need to bankrupt these greedy name brand companies and support small upcomers like the star manufacturer of this phone. For all I know it might be samsung knocking this to get the other market for smart shoppers like us. Buy one and enjoy cause if it lasts only 1 year I think I would have got my money's worth compared to the motorolla I wasted almost $300 and used it for only about two months overseas and I still cannot be repaired, money down the drain.

love the size of the phone dont realy know if its 2g or 3g an the network is realy slow an can't ope playstore or watch videos

It was ok

Love the size.  Love the dual Core.  Trouble is, data does not work with consumer cellular.  Also, 1 gig of internal memory limits the number of apps you can have even if you do put them all on the micro SD.

The phone is great so far. Received it in 10 business days after ordering it. Tracking it might be confusing since its through USPS. The manual was in english so its fairly clear and informative. This was my 1st touch screen smart phone. This coming from using basic flip phones over 15 yrs. The package came tightly wrapped. Inside the package include: 1 x manual, 1 phone, 1 leather case, 1 ear phones, 1 usb connector, 1 charger, the screen protector was already applied onto the phone itself. The phone itself was quite huge since its 6" screen and all. Its a clone so its similiar to a samsung note II but minus the brand logo and its 1/3 the price. Texting, voice calls, video watching on netflix, youtube so far is great. Sound quality is good. The battery life is good compare to most phones. It comes with 2 batteries. The only thing I might say its not on to par might be the camera. If you want photo studio quality, i suggest go buy a slr digital camera. If you want regular pics then the camera give it a decent quality. It is unlocked so it can be used on straight talk, AT&T, net 10, T-Mobile, virgin mobile or any other gsm carriers. It won't work verizen or sprint since they use csma network. I had it for a week so far. I will update on this phone in a few months.

Ive placed my order and now im just waiting ill definetly be updating im so hoping it comes with the leather case or some tyme of protection....UPDATEthere in stock and on the way i can rest not so when i recieve the phone ill let cha know how it is1/27/13UPDATE the phone came today its ok not a great screen response like dinosour like some one else said how ever my grandma loves it she say it to big for her but atleast she can see it other than that as a show but dont touch type of thing yes you can scare a galaxy not 2 off with the size of this thing but in performance put it away not show ready really is windows 98 looking but all in all is well worth the investment lolbuy is my seller there great shipping takes foreve/im impatient as hell thats what it really is i ordered on the 24 and recieved it on 2-4 today so not bad tracking is kinda wacky but the phone is good tmobile is what im running mine on at the moment wifi works good havent had any problems i only think it needs more ram and a better screen resoulition an camera then itd b perfect any question please ask ill answer

This Pad phone is excellent and has nothing to envy to the Galaxy. It comes unlocked to any carrier telefonic and best android operating system amazing.

HOW LONG DID IT TAKE FOR THE PHONE TO ARRIVE. ITS A VERY NICE PHONE. JUST DONT WANT TO WAIT OVER A MONTH TO GET IT

just good, i love it .the screen is just great, graphic is good also..i love everything about it

I brought this phone it was great it had good video and graphics but it had slow internet and the camera sucked. It also conked out in three months no cracked screen no water damage or anything it just stopped working

I just changed my rating back to 5 stars. This phone rocks big timeORIGINAL POST:Got it some days ago (bought from keydroper), requested it in black and black it is. Very fast shipping from Hong Kong (seller is very responsive, replied to my email in two minutes).The display is amazing, with good angle views. It came with Android 4.1.1, not the expected 4.0 listed in the description, no complains there. I find it very fast, I agree it is not "super fast". I am using it with Tmobile prepaid, perfect. I plan to keep my prepaid number and get another with the $30 plan (full internet, 100 minutes) using the two sims, will update this review when I do it. Have not tested battery duration, seems good so far.As mentioned in another review by the engineer, the cable is not standard, but I could make a spare cutting the rubber in the mini usb side of an older cable.The only issue I have had so far was that the auto-rotate stopped working, restarting the phone did not fix the issue. I turned it off, took the battery out and put it back, started and it is working ok.I would have paid much more for this phone had I had the chance to test it in advance.***UPDATE 2/24/2013****Ok I just did the test of the data plan. Let me start with the good:Yes it works with the two sims, I have (for this test month) two t-mobile phone numbers, the original simple pay as you go and the other in the SIM2 the $30 data plan. It was easy to setup in the t-mobile site, no need to call them.Now the bad: this phone (at least my phone) does not connect using 3g, it shows an icon with an E (I think it means Edge) and the best download speed I tested was 160kb, upload 50kb and right now it is 35 and 34.I did a simple test: took out the SIM2 and put it in my old and trusty LG optimus and repeated the speed test: I got downloads of 1900kb and uploads of 100kb.The moral of the story: If you buy this phone expecting 3g speed with Tmobile you may be disappointed. I will not renew the plan and keep using it with my simple prepaid, wifi. But I changed my rating to 4.****UPDATE 3/1/2013I had the intermittent issue of the phone screen going off when placing a call. Found the explanation in a post on the web, here is it:------------Question: Hi, can you teach me how to calibrate?Post:It is actually a simple process. Locate your proximity sensor, it is a small LED-like thing next to the speaker, on either side. Look for calibration of proximity sensor, you can find it usually amongst the display options. Tap on it, target-like concentric circles appear and the application asks you to place some obstacles over the sensors. The easiest way is to hold your palm above the sensor approx. 5 cm (2 inches) apart. Touch the Start button, and then try to complete the process with your hand motionless. The whole process takes a few seconds. If you did everything right, during a call, holding the phone to your ear the screen goes blank, and the phone application re-appears when moving the phone away.------------I did the exact process and the phone is perfect now: I make a call, move it near my ear, screen goes off, move it away and it comes back. :-) :-) :-)I think that somebody mentioned this in some comment, but I did not know the exact procedure to calibrate. In my phone it is under Display and the caption is "Als-ps calibration" and the button caption is "Calibrate" (what the explanation refers to as Start button)****UPDATE 4/3/2013*****I bought another for my daughter, have not received it yet.She has ATT contract plan with data, her iPhone was stolen a while ago and she is using a replacement phone which goes up to 3g only.I removed my tmobile SIM, put her ATT SIM, powered up and behold: no need to change any settings, just acknowledged the prompt stating the SIM change, and the phone worked flawlessly with data at H speed (which is supposed to be faster than 3g)When the new phone arrives I will post speed tests.****UPDATE 4/7/2013******New phone for daughter is beautiful, white, both cameras have more megapixels.It is working with my daughter's ATT contract data SIM, speedtest application reports downloads of 2.2 megabits and uploads of almost 1 megabit (995kb). Daughter very happy.

This phone is capable for 3G, but I can't use this phone with $30 t-Moble100 min talk and unlimited data & text prepaid plan.  What I get network connections at 2G level.  I contacted customer services three times and visited a t-Moble retail store.  I was told it's my phone, not the t-Mobile coverage.  Does anyone know how to get 3G connections from t-Mobile with this phone?  2G data is too slow.  Please kindly help me out.

So far everything is pretty awesome, my plan does not work with it so I have to go to a way more expensive carrier. I won't know until then just how well this phone serves me. The price was absolutely fabulous and the screen size really is what I was going for without having to pay up with my first born!

Phone is nice size but for that price internet is to slow returned it and got blu studio 5.5s

Some people had a bad luck, but I had it OK.  no problem what so ever. the screen is big and CPU is fast enough.2 things that they have done wrong was the Micro USB port design and SD card slot.  You can not use regular Micro USB charger, it needs to be REALLY long. because you can not insert the charger all the way for the tilted design.  and you will have to take off the back part to insert the SD card.  other than that, it works just fine for me.

I've been looking for a great smart phone, but who wants to pay hundreds and hundreds of dollars?  Well this phone is great and it's huge.  It's everything that you would want.  It does everything well and supposed to do.  I still would like to get a Nexus 4, but this phone does a great job, even better.  The only this is that the built in memory is about 2 gbs.  But hey, just get a memory card for it, it supports them even 32 gb.

I bought this one for the emergency situation phone. I have 2 simcards roaming international come from my country. That is a reason I need this phone to keep in touch from my friend in my country by these number phones. But actually, I never get a call or text from them because they contact me by my current number phone in USA. So, this phone only in waiting function, never call, never text. I only charge if the battery is going low and empty. Everyday, I use my iPhone and I keep this phone on my table, even never touch it. But after almost 2 months ago, never use never call, never touch, only charge if battery slow down, the phone still die, the charge can not work, almost useless phone and only need throw away.I think I was crazy when I use too much money to paid for the nothing, the poor item I known.

Yes, it does work with the Straight Talk BYOP SIM for both AT&T; and T-Mobile.As a legally blind person, I've always had to use a magnifying glass when using an Android phone.  Now, I can use my phone without looking like I'm Sherlock Holmes.The box is labeled "Android Note 2," but the actual device inside is labeled "Android Note 3."  I know the "Note 2" models come with Android 4.0, and my "Note 3" came with Android 4.1, so I'm not complaining.  This is about as pure Android as you can get; no bloatware of any kind.There are 2 design issues I have with this phone:1. Because of the case design, the micro USB connector is deeply recessed and requires the use of an unusually long USB connector plug.  Start looking for extra data/charging cables NOW.2. The retaining clip that holds the micro SD card in place is of poor construction.  Cut a small piece off of the packing foam, as a spacer to keep the memory card in place, when the back is on.***** UPDATE #1 01-31-2013 *****The GPS receiver has failed.  Using the GPS Test app ([...]), no satellites seem to be visible; even when standing outdoors.  Very UNHAPPY.***** Update #2 02-01-2013 *****I was finally able to verify there IS a working GPS receiver in my phone.  It seems the receiver and/or antenna is not as sensitive as the typical Android phone.  I was able to finally get the GPS receiver to lock onto some satellites, but the operating conditions required to overcome the issue requires the user to be "highly conscious" about the environment they are using the phone in; outdoors, with absolutely no structural obstacles, etc.***** Update #3 02-01-2013 *****Lining the inside back cover of the phone, with foil, improves the performance of the phone's GPS receiver.***** Update #4 02-07-2013 *****By not using any live wallpapers, and only using weather apps that only look up the weather when you ask it to, like AccuWeather ([...]) I was able to get the standby battery usage down to 1% per hour.I also began using this feature I discovered called "Schedule Power On/Off" to automagically reset the phone every day at 2:30 in the morning.  Essentially I tell the phone to turn itself off at 2:27 AM and then turn itself back on at 2:30 AM.***** Update #5 02-12-2013 *****This is in response to the 1 star review by @Himadri.As for the "Note 3" sticker with version 4.1.1 instead of 4.0.1, I think most people will prefer Jelly Bean over Ice Cream Sandwich anyday.  I just got through loading AnTuTu and am happy to report that the model I received does contain a dual core MTK6577 processor.  As for the disappointment of only getting 1 Ghz instead of the promised 1.2 Ghz processor speed; that 1.2 Ghz is only achieved through manufacturer overclocking -- the actual specs for the processor are only rated at 1 Ghz.  Overclocking to 1.2 Ghz makes the phone more unstable, and I'm glad the manufacturer is keeping within the rated clock speed.  500 ma for the charger is sufficient to charge the battery in a reasonable amount of time (less than an hour from 75%), considering the phone draws only 1% an hour during normal use.***** Update #6 02-15-2013 *****Extra screen protectors, cases and USB cables can be obtained through the Alibaba site.  It's kind of like the Chinese version of eBay.  All payments to sellers are held in escrow until you receive your package, via registered mail.***** Update  #7 02-18-2013 *****For those of you who are going to use this on Straight Talk...  Do not try creating a new APN.  Instead, edit the existing "default" APN.  Otherwise, you may discover MMS or tethering will not work, because of an extra required setting that was previously unknown to you.***** Update #8 03-22-2013 *****This morning, I awoke to find notifications in Chinese.  I should've paid more attention to those Chinese lessons my Mom made me take; I haven't the slightest idea what they are.  Are they system updates or malware?  I tried 1 of them, and it tried to download something, but the download wasn't successful; again, the reason was in Chinese.  "Lookout" doesn't think anything "bad" happened, so I simply cleared the remaining notifications and will hope for the best.***** FINAL UPDATE 12-19-2013 *****It's Dead Jim!Over the last 2 months, I've noticed the slow deterioration and failure of the phone's charging circuitry.  Symptoms are:1. Resetting the phone causes a 10% or more drop in the estimated battery level.2. Sudden drops in battery level (from 85% to 65%) if you just "stare at the display" long enough.3. Charging circuit does not "play nice" with charger.  You end up pulling the battery and reinserting it, to get the charging circuit to start doing its job properly.I noticed the price on this phone has gone down about $20 from when I originally purchased it.  Rather than purchase another one; I decided to get the BLU Studio 5.5 D610ABLU Studio D610A Android Unlockedwhich has more features, for about the same as I originally paid for this phone.  Look for an upcoming review on this device from me!===== Conclusion =====The reason I gave this product 3 stars instead of 4 or 5 is because many people who shop on Amazon have an unrealistic expectation that this is going to be an out of the box "turn key" experience.  You ***WILL*** have to tinker with it, in order to get to that "Happy Place" in your heart.

-Screen flashes and goes dark after making or receiving a phone call! only way to end call is to press the power button! Useless as a phone!-headset broke down after a day...only one side is working?!-Making a phone call, texting requires multiple steps, more than any smart phone!- Phone is big and you will need both hands all the time to handle it. It is annoying  and hard to do in everyday life.-GPS is too slow and inaccurate !-Operating speed is painfully slow. You tube is impossible to watch! Download speed os between 5kb/s -15kb/s unless you are on Wi-Fi somewhere.....not even a dial-up speed...-takes 6-10 hours to recharge???10 years ago it would have been the best phone in the world, now it is only the worst!

I was upset to not get the orange phone in the picture.I was upset that it wasn't a manual.delivery wasn't bad.

This is the second unit I have purchased. After about a month, the first one crashed and kept announcing how it was throwing up all its programming and then after about the third round would not turn on. I sent it back and AMAZON WAS GREAT in accepting it! I will NEVER be sorry for purchasing through them. I liked the unit so much I ordered it again, as it came with a ONE YEAR WARRANTY!! I am VERY happy with the product. ONE DRAWBACK is that it did NOT come with the original charger, and as several other people have mentioned here, the charging jack is more recessed. If you hold your tongue right and don't breathe on it you can get a regular micro USB to work in a pinch, but the first unit that I bought actually came with a slightly longer prong on the micro USB end. Apparently you can actually carve away some of the plastic foreskin on a regular one, but there could be an issue with it shorting out. I have been meaning to contact the seller about this. BOTH units that I bought were white, and the first one, with the correct longer prong, had a white charger and USB cable to match. The second unit came with a black charger and USB cable with the standard universal short prong used on most phones.  I am thinking that for some reason the factory swapped the charger out. It was a brand new sealed box. They are probably in high demand, as the only place where any one with this phone can get a replacement. You can't just order any universal charger. The seller was very polite, and I am sure will rectify this as soon as I figure out how to use Amazon site so I can go ahead with contacting.

I spent hours trying to get it to work without success .  Hours I was on the phone with tech support.  It just did not work out for me.  Hoping to get my refund.

ADDED 05/22/2013EXTERNAL BATTERY CHARGER - Some users may be interested in an external battery charger that works with these huge batteries.  I purchasedHyperion Universal Rapid Battery Charger for Samsung Galaxy S III, Samsung Galaxy Note, Samsung Galaxy S Blaze 4G, Samsung Galaxy S II, and Samusung Galaxy S II Skyrocket (Compatible with Most Samsung Android Phones)This charger works, but there are a couple of things you might want to know.  The spring loaded bottom does not pull down far enough for the battery to fit as intended.  However, a rubber band holds the battery in place just fine.  Move the movable contacts to the right side of the charger.  Adjust the contacts so that they touch the two outer contacts on the battery.  The battery should be inserted with the contacts more to the right than the left.  My batteries have a black arrow on both sides to indicate where the contacts are.  The side with the arrow more to the right should be facing out.  Rubber band the battery in place against the contacts first.  Wrap it around, not lengthwise.  It does not have to be super-tight, just enough for the battery not to move around.  You will know you have things setup right if the BLUE LED lights even though the charger is not plugged in.  Plug the charger in.  The LED should turn kind of PURPLE.  When it goes back to BLUE the battery is charged.  However, it will go to BLUE when the battery is not quite fully charge so leave it plugged in for a while.  The reviews on this charger are not great, but that may be because the instructions seem to be reversed.  I have two of these and they both work fine with several different phone batteries.  Just ignore the instructions.  It seems like the contacts should always be to the right.  Sometimes this means inserting a battery face down.  I have inserted batteries backward with no ill effect.  You will know the contacts are reversed because the LED will remain OFF with battery inserted and charger unplugged.  Some reviewers stated that the charger will only charge to 99%.  I never really noticed, but I can live with that for emergency backup.  Sorry if my posts are sometimes too detailed, but I try to provide enough information for folks to make informed decisions.ORIGINAL REVIEWThis is an AMAZING phone and value.  These are now shipping with Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean.  I have been using a Galaxy Note which, to me, is one of the best phones out there (well, until the Note 2 came out).  I am VERY happy with this 6" phone.  While there are a couple of minor things that I might prefer different this phone, I am thoroughly impressed and thrilled with this phone!  It may not technically be as fast as the Galaxy Note, but I do not notice much difference.  A couple of reviewers have complained about the screen.  My screen is gorgeous.  According to the specs the resolution may not be the same as the Note, but I cannot really tell any difference.  Some have complained about the camera.  Photos look fine to me.  In short, I do not see anything "wrong" with this phone; everything works as expected and works well.I am using mine with ATT right now.  It either comes set up for ATT or it reads it from the SIM card.  At first there was no data connection, but after quite a few minutes it was there.  So give it a little while before you panic.  There are two SIM card slots.  I have read that you should put the SIM in the GSM only slot to get 3G or faster data speeds.One minor irritation is that the phone has very little internal storage, apparently only 512mb/503mb available for apps etc.  This is storage, not RAM.  Most phones have 8gb or so.  Maybe this helps keep the price down.  You will definitely want a micro SD card.  I would suggest 32gb.  You can get and app like AppMonster to move as many apps as possible to SD card.  You will also want to go into Setting>Storage to change the Preferred Install Location and DEFAULT WRITE DISK to SD Card.  These are two separate things.  You will see the selections for DEFAULT WRITE DISK, but you have to tap Preferred Install Location to change it.  Even so you may have to go into AppMonster or other App2SD app to move some things.If the phone screen does not automatically turn off when you hold the phone to your ear you will need to calibrate the Als_ps (proximity sensor).  This prevents your accidentally hanging up because your cheek touches the screen.  Go into Settings>Display>Als_ps calibration.  There will be instructions on the calibration screen, but the may not be perfectly clear.  When the calibration screen appears, lay the phone down screen up on a flat surface.  Hold one hand over the upper part of the screen, especially the proximity sensor, which is the little oblong dark area in the upper right corner.  With the other hand touch the blue button.  Make a call and hold the phone up to your ear.  You should see the screen go off as it gets close to your face.  If not, do the calibration again.SELLER and COLOR SELECTIONI would only order from Keydroper.  He is very responsive.  Others have reported great customer service from him when they had problems.  The phone is available in white, black or orange.  There is nowhere to specify color when you order so here is how I suggest you do that.  As soon as you place your order go into "Your Orders", and click on the Order Details.  On this page there is a link to contact the shipper.  Click on it and send him a note.  I did not do that at first, but I had asked him something else.  In his reply he asked what color I wanted.  I selected the orange, and I love it.USB CABLESDo not let this scare you off, but as reported in many reviews the USB port requires a longer micro USB connector (more of the metal connector itself exposed).  It seems like the port on the motherboard is normal length, but the curvature of the case edge prevents a normal length micro USB from inserting far enough to make connection.  Others have suggested trimming the plastic back a bit to expose more of the metal connector itself.  I thought I would elaborate on that a bit.  You really only need to trim back the plastic on the "top" side, ie, the side with the narrower face of the connector.  Usually this is the side with the USB logo.  I tried using a razor knife, but many of my cables had harder plastic so I found it much easier to use a hacksaw with fine teeth.  You only need to trim back about 2-3 mm, about 1/8".  Just cut slowly until you feel/hear the blade touch the metal.  Then trim a little on the edges, too.  I did this by laying the blade along the edge of the connector at the same angle as the edges which taper toward the top.  After making the three cuts I used a razor/utility knife to cut the waste free and clean up the cuts a bit.  I probably did 10 cords in 15 minutes once I got the technique worked out.  I keep chargers everywhere - three rooms at home, two cars, office, travel bag, etc.SHIPPINGI ordered my phone on 5/2 and it was delivered 5/10.  Not bad at all for an item shipping from Hong Kong.I could go on and on about a great phone and seller, but that's all I have time for now.  I will post more as I discover more.

Got the phone and returned it within a day. The phone is big, nice, clean, and amazing. Love taking pictures and videos. But this phone did not have what I wanted.

I received the phone and was initially excited at how large and beautiful it was! Starting it up, it seemed to run very well at first, but as soon as my SIM card was inserted and a few programs were installed, the phone dramatically slowed down!  I ran benchmark testing and the results were not as expected. The phone that I received was only a single core phone with a maximum processing speed of 1 GHz.While I have no doubt that this phone will work for many people, the seller that I purchased my phone from (Wholesale California) does not appear to be trustworthy. In fact, they sent me a rather unsavory message accusing me of lying about the components (which I didn't). If you do purchase this phone, like any knockoff, you are potentially getting a phone that is not as described. Make sure you run a test. If it is not as described, Amazon customer service is fabulous and will help you get a different phone.Edit: 8.1.13Touchscreen is already mostly unresponsive. The main clock never matches to the actual time. The phone continues to run abysmally slow and frequently crashes. My 2 year old basic HTC phone should not be running quicker than this one.

This phone is awesome! Works like a computer/ iPod and IPad... all wrapped up in one! Plus phone and what more could you want? I can't think of anything:) Well a back rub would be nice but wishful thinking Lol!

I'm a have to give this two stars cause it was a good phone but apparently yall still got it and want send Me another one bk or give my money back so I'm a I'm unsatisfied customer  on this item

Couldn't get it to get internet connection to straight talk. Then the speaker broke and ended up getting my money back.

OMG this phone was amazing! when i first opened it it was HUGE. It looks like a tablet, and it looks better in person than the picture could ever make it look. You cant go wrong with this phone, it looks exactly like the note. I definitely recommend it as a cheaper alternative to the note, also I ordered with prime and it came in two days!

I am so shocked how well this phone is. very fast and everything you can ask far. If I knew this phone was gonna be this good I would have ordered 2 of them.. My wife loves it see can see it very well and its all the bells and whistles. I am jealous I want one for myself lol. I keep up with all the new techs on the phones and was skeptical when I ordered this phone but I feel so sure about it now I am going to sell her Samsung skyrocket I replaced with this phone. Much better I am impressed will gve a follow up in a couple of weeks to if it is still going as strong as it is now....

Latest reviewReturned phone-- not only was the SD card holder broken, then the charger would not work, then thephone screen started to jump around. Had to reset phone and lost all data/contacts.To fix SD card holder--would have cost over $45 (per the company I took it to )Run do not walk away from this phoneProblem --SD holder was broken, seller said -he would pay $4 to get fixed.Or I could return phone for a new one. I will get it fixed.Problem is I expected a new working phone, but it was broke.Now I will run around and try to get it fixed for $4.00Fast shipping, I plugged my SIM into the phone works well.My problem is getting a SIM w/service--as I use the phone very littleThe phone works well and shipping was fastVery nice

Wow where to start. I had this phone for about 5 months. I love how big it is. My phone carrier is T-mobile. The reception on this phone sucks. People can barely hear you and it drops your calls a lot which is annoying. When you turn the ringer off sometimes it comes back on by itself which got me in trouble at work. The phone cracked even with the case on. It powers off a lot by it self. I like a lot of the features on the phone and how much you can store on it. It is good for gaming but not really for talking lol. I'm in the process of looking for a new phone.

At first i hated the phone because i put my sim card in & it wouldnt read it .it took me about a week with this phone to figure out my sim card was in backwards. *face palm* Other than that ive had no problems , ive read all the other bad reviews & i was a little worried to get this phone but their was more good reviews than bad. i than got it . everyone asks where i got the phone and always say how big it is & how they like it. Its pretty fast i get signal everywhere. the only thing is if you use straight talk you cant recieve pics. their apn doesnt unlock pics.. but on the plus side i didn't realize when i bought it you can take screen shots when holding down the volume button & the power button at the same time.everything works great . im glad i got this phone its a good deal for the price

Aside from it being a cool phone to look at, this phone absolutely sucks. If I could, I would give it a zero out of five. Where should I start? It's a GSM phone which means that it uses a SIM-card. A standard SIM-card and not a micro-SIM which means it'll only work on 2G networks and lower. No 3G or 4G. The memory is HORRIBLE. It only has 512 megs of RAM which means that once it hits the mark, it'll go to the home screen from the browser. Also, it can't hold that many apps because of the limited space. Often times, without even using an app a notification will pop up saying that an app stop working or has crashed. The screen is a cool 6 inches, but when you make a phone call, it'll go black making it impossible to do anything that requires a phone key prompt or checking your voicemail using your password. I do enjoy the video and sound quality of the phone, but the camera sucks and the only ear buds or headphones that'll work with the phone are the ones that comes with the phone. So, if you have those cool iPhone ear buds or Beats Audio, it isn't going to work. This is, by far, the worst $150.00 I ever spent on a mobile device. I would've come out better buying an Huawei with Cricket. I ABSOLUTELY HATE THIS PHONE AND I WOULD ADVISE THAT YOU SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR THE SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE.

Bought this phone and shortly after the return date, the phone started having what appears to be programming issues, so as it turned out, I just wasted a lot of money for a paperweight and had to go out and buy another phone that actually worked. Very Disappointed in this phone !

I received my phone and I am pleased.  It does download very slow, but I'm certain its because of my carrier.  The screen is huge and I love playing my games on it.  The front camera could have better quality, but other than that it is a great phone.  I will be ordering another for my son soon.  Thanks for the quick responses throughout me receiving my phone.  Great seller = Great Buys.Thanks!!!!!Luv'n my Phone!!!!

I love this phone perfect size...exactly like the picture. Two things I found out though.1) does not support external keyboard so don't buy a case with built in keyboard...(tried one I already owned)2) no matter which service you have, you need the large sim card not the micro sim card...note: thats the cell service chip not the storage SD card.I would definitely recommend getting this phone for anyone interested in the galaxy note series.

I ordered this phone on September 8 and I still haven't gotten it my expected date was October 15th to the 31 I wouldn't mind this if they kept up to date shipping tracking but they don't. Usps is who's shipping and they are taking forever. I'll give an update when I get it. If I get it....ok it took forever to get to me a lil after Oct 15th but i got it none the less. Now here is why I wanted my money back. Besides the long wait. When I got the phone it wasn't orange it was white. So they gave me extra items. Supposedly. Cause they never told me what the extra items were. I got two pens, two plastic covers, two baterries, one charger, a flip open case and a regular case. Yay right!? Okay so I'm happy cause I finally got it but as I'm using it I start to notice how useless this useless the phone is. 1 you can not get 4g 3g with this phone unless you have some other carrier then t mobile. 2 this phone can not be updated to any other android version. In the settings that area is locked. You can't touch most ofanything in the about phone section. 3 the screen even when its dark it still seems as tho there is a glare of some kind. 4 you can not watch Netflix on this phone.why? Because you can not update this phone to the newer version of android. 5 the memory is bad even with your SD card you won't be able to do much. As far as save files create files save applications from the play store. The phone will download them to your SD card and then it would save the cache, save files to your phone so it renders the SD pointless. Basically this phone sucks. All it is, is the first android phone just with a huge screen. Its not worth what they ask. And any issue you have with this phone and want answers on your screwd cause no one cares. There's no contact number from the company. Only emails and they give you two sentence answers that don't help at all. I had to get an a to z return and they haven't even sent me a return label asking for it back. If you want this phone you can get it. But if you like being able to play games on your free time or when your bored, if you like watching anything else other then YouTube or xnxx or even solar movie.so then you should find a better phone. I swear to you it seems like you have a flip phone with internet but the look of it makes it seem like it can do more.  The only good thing for me with this phone is that it makes calls and when on WiFi I can search the web for info. Other then that. Useless phone and useless company. If they gave better customer service I might have kept to myself. Not to mention the back and forth and searching I had to do to try and fix every issue since they wouldn't help me. No issue was solved except when amazon solved my money back issue.

liked the phone hated it wouldn't work with straight i like the size and style and i think when when a customer orders something and asked questions about the phone the should do so research before the tell the customer that it will work and not just say it will would save the hassle of returning and being without a phone

I ended up selling it to my brother. It was HUGE! I knew with a 6 inch screen it would be, but it seemed very bulky. He loves it though!

OK can ii just tell you that ii have had my new android for a little over a week and I'm very pleased!Screen is very bright and clearCamera is AMAZING tho the front view ii don't think is as clear as the back.Texting and browsing is very fast and easy to use.This phone is very very big and although ii do have small hands ii can still use both keyboards just fine. It already has a swype txt installed which was very convinient. Unfortunately my auto rotate function has stopped working I'm not sure if it has to do with the app ii get my wallpaper from but I'm not to thrilled it stopped working also calls are very hard to hear but ii text for the most part however ii wish it was a little louder....its difficult finding walpapers to fit the large screen but the zedge app is a good one however idk if that's the cause of the screen not rotating. Everything down loads very quickly but my multimedia still isn't working im hoping that's just a network issue. So far it hasn't froze up or forced any apps closed ii am honestly in love with my new phone it is so seriously worth the money and the seller is very friendly and quick to respond. You do have to request the color you want asap by contacting the seller it did not slow the process ii had my order in 3 weeks!All in all ii gave it 4 stars because of the minor issues but I'm very pleased with my order and ii would absolutely recommend this seller!

As soon as I got the phone I found that the SD card slot would not hold an SD card, so that meant no camera. It wasn't an option to return it and wait for a new one... we were headed on vacation out of the country and that would mean I had no phone for wifi to check on the kids. Then the battery life died out, now after just 2 months I can't keep it charged and the charging connection sucks (I noted that immediatly as well b/c of the rounded shape the connection has to fit.) Now its hard to turn on at all b/c it won't charge. I was promised replacement of broken extra case as well, never did get the black they promised. If I had a spare I would return in a heartbeat!

I got this phone and it is very good but sometimes it freezes and cuts off but I love this phone. It's super big and I always wanted a big phone. This is the phone of my dreams and I'm glad I have it.

The best phone I have ever owned ....period!  Getting it up and running was easy and the phone has turned out to be a great asset.Six months after purchase the phone has had many issues.  All of which I have over looked or found work arounds.  However, this morning I woke up and the phone will not charge.  This happened before and I had to buy a new cable.  That cable and others will now NOT charge the phone.  So currently, it sits on my desk dead.I have written the seller and requested a refund - I will provide their response in yet another review.  I have experienced a few problems with this phone:1) some down-loaded files have Kanji letters describing the file,2) the initial charger issue,3) the on-board memory is very bad - there are programs that run on-board that are excessive in size and to which I cannot figure or have a hard time figuring out what they do, 3) when you make calls the screen goes black - thus you cannot use the keyboard as a control with phone based interfaces,4) the opbtions to roam and use international coverage - while partly an issue with the service provider, is very cumbersome and non-responsive,5) the phone seemed to have a number of issues when NOT using wifi data networks.  The data connection would drop even when the signal was very strong,6) Many of the annoying sounds and reminders on the phone could not be shut off or customized.  Customizing some contacts did not work at all.I think others had the many of the same problems.++++++ update ++++++++++this is the email I received from the company regarding this phone.  I think that what is not said is enough to have people re-consider purchasing this phone."hi.we have seven days money back only.you don't like it then you should contact us for refund in seven days from the day you receive it,not use for months then say you want to return it for refund.your phone is under warrranty,do you want to ship it back for repair?best regardsdaniel chen"Nonetheless, to say there is no need to ship it back.  I have learned my lesson with this phone.  Good luck to those that have problems with this phone.  It is a shame that people like this use amazon to pawn-off their defective wares to consumers.

This phone is bigger,better, and cheaper than the note...I have not had 1 problem with this phone.....I did not want a contract with any Carrier.. I went with the T-Mobile $50 plan which has unlimited everything.....and it's a Head turner... goodbye to over $200 phone bills...hello savings .....tablet phone. Love Love......

WOW. WHERE DO I START, THERE ARE SO MANY GREAT THINGS ABOUT THIS PHONE, HUGE SCREEN FOR US HARD TO SEE FOLKS, THAT OUR EYES ARE AGING. WORKS WELL, WITH SIMS, FROM STAIGHT TALK, T_MOBILE, AT&T, SO IF YOU HAVE THE AS YOUR PREPAID CARRIER IT WORKS WELL WITH THEM, THE T-MOBILE ON WORKS A LITTLE SLOWER, AND INTERNET IS SLOW, BUT ALL IN ALL NOT T BAD, UNLESS THERE ARE NO TOWERS T-MOBILE WORKS OFF OF THE SERVICE AND BE TERRIBLE ALOT OF BREAKING AND DROPPED CALLS., BUT THERE ARE MORE PROS THAN CONS, SO I WOULD RECOMMENDTHIS PRODUCT..

I love my new phone I have gotten offers from people trying to buy it for way much of what I paid for it.

Great service& great cell phone,yes to having speaker phone,I'll let you know about anything else,fun to have,got to take up space to end it on this,bye

I bought 2 of these phones for my wife and I and both of us love them every where i go i see people who have Galaxy S3 and 4 asking me where did I get that phone they all want to throw away their for mine love it.

i love the size the color it should come in more colors. I am family mobile and it works just find for my services. The battery life is good last long, the sound is loud like i like it, the bluetooth works on my car so i love that as well. All the apps that i have used always worked and updated fine as well. i will be buying another one very soon for my little brother.They only thing i dont like is you cant find a charger or case for it.

I was looking for a couple of phones for me and my wife after buying our 1st smart phone and decided that a 3.5" screen was too small. When we got these phones in it was like the difference of night & day ! Considering that we got them from China we expected it was going to take forever to get these phones, but after asking the seller to get them to us as fast as possible he paid about an extra $20 to get them to us faster and we got the phones in about 2 weeks or less and we did not have to pay to get them to us faster ! On 1 of the phones we accidently broke the camera lens and they said to send it back to them and they said that they would fix the phone at no cost to us. The only complaint that my wife has is that here hands are not very big and that makes it difficult for her to hold the phone. Thankfully I love the phone and it fits my hands just fine. I would highly recommend buying from this seller, they have very good service and will go out of their way to please you !!!Once again I would like to highly recommend this seller for excellent customer service !!! Would defiantly buy from them again in the future !!!Follow the following link for a video of the phone being used !!![...]

This phone is great for the first month, then everything goes to crap! It want read the sim card,phonebook,phone history.I would press the contact list and it show the connecting circle going round and round for god knows to long, before it shows anything !The only thing that works is the camera that it .Stay away

Great phone. I was skeptical about it. But decided to give it a try. Best 170 spent on a phone. No problems of any sort. All apps, great pictures, etc. I get questioned by people almost daily wanting to know how I got the note 3 before it was in stores. I just smile and say, its all in what you know.

Like the phone  now I have 32GB on my hand ! Very useful to get information quick. Big screen a must for me.

the cover is pretty turnin eyes . .lol . .very strong and looks expensive . .that's wat am talkin about.

I love this phone.  It works exactly as intended. I have it connected to Straight Talk.  So, the issues I have are due to Straight Talks service, not the phone.  For example, it seems that regardless of the APN settings, I'm unable to send or receives pictures via instant messaging, however, I can email them.  I do not have service in my office building and I drop calls on back roads.As for the phone, the battery will only last me a day, but I expected that because I'm always using it.  I would love to have a more protective case for it, but none seem to fit.  The screen is HUGE!  I've downloaded the Kindle reader and use this phone to ready my books...no need for an additional device!

I love the phone. I thought it came with a stylus pen. But that's OK I bought one. The reason I gave four stars is because I haven't had 3g service since I had the phone. I thought it was the family mobile simcard but when I took it out of my phone and put in my husbands phone and it shot straight to 3 and 4g. So I no its then phone.

Works great have an ATT Straight talk sim chip and works Great!!!! Just when and if you buy a case make sure you can try it with the phone! bought an note 2 case and phone is to big for it

This phone does evertything you would expct your phone to do! I love the big screen, it's so helpful to my aging eyes and it's like having a mini-tv in your hands, loving it!!!!

Hey I received my phone today and im with straight talk service but it seem like my phone wasn't working and it hurted me do badly because I really like this phone I was do excited about it I didn't know if I need an another phone or was my sim cards was bad or what but im just really sad agout how it went down I fidnt quiet understand y it had two sim slotd or nothing but I was really confused about it all

I recvd my phone about a wk ago.. I love it..the only thing that Im having a issue with is my data... I know u can only get Edge from T-mobile bt it will not stay connected. I use it mostly on wifi and its wonderful bt at work when I am surfing it will bounce on and off.. Also when i make a call the screen goes black.. I think I may have fixed that issue with a post on here... Overall I like the phone. Which carrier has the best data on this phone?

Got my phone today & i love it but big problem , I have a prepaid at&t card & i put it in the phone It says im using at&t network but when i try to make a call or send a text it wont work please help

This is an excellent, less expensive alternative to better known large screen Android phones.I don't use many of the features, but I do take advantage of it's WiFi capabilities and large screen.Visibility in bright light is limited, but that's a small inconvenience.Good value for money.

Just received my phone really like it. had to play with it to work out the language bearer because it's been shipped from china, overall I do like it, bigger than I expected.

this product needs a screen that will take what it is meant to do. My screens was no good a week after owning this phone. Poor quality

OK, listen up the phone is outstanding, I order the phone for myself because I did not want to pay all that money for a phone which I only use 1/4 of the functions. My wife told me for the price it must be a junk. Well the phone arrived last night and I turned it on and to my surprise it is a well make produce, I was scarce because it was made in China, boy was I wrong. People this phone is so smooth, smoother than silk as far as the apps are concern they works great. One problem I did encounter getting the SIM card in the slot was very tight I almost broke the SIM card other than that once inserted I was ready to go. I cannot give any further detail because I just got the phone but I will keep you update. Last and not least, my wife took procession of my new phone and advice me to order another one for myself.. I cannot win but got to keep the wife happy. I highly recommend this phone for people that are conservative with money but still want quality at a low price. Good luck.It is April 29 and I had the phone a little over a week and here is what I found so far that I do and do not like:CON: The Blue tooth has a very weak connection, I connected my head set and for a minute there it sounded great until I put the phone in my back pocket and the signal kelp cutting on and off that was very irritating.CON: If it is sunny outside you might as well put the phone away because it is impossible to see the screen unless you can find some spade and you still have a lot of glare.Con: Battery is very weak it good for about 5 hour if you are watching U-tube. My 7in tablet it good for about 8 hours.PRO: You get a second batteryPRO: The phone is easy to usePRO: The touch screen work super, easy to maneuver from page to pageSo far this is what I found wrong and Positive with this phone, I am going to get back with you in about 2  weeks and by this time I should have a good feel on the performance of this phone.It is 21 May 2013 and all I can say is... BUY IT!! I love this phone, the blue tooth problem work itself out and for whatever reason the battery is holding the charge well throughout the day. I watch a lot of movie with this phone. I cannot stress this enough for the money the phone is better than the Samsung or the I-Phone, save your money and get this phone you will fall in love with it and I am not a phone person until now. One last thing I had a BlackBerry touch pay $700 and it was junk, gave it to my brother In-law. Good luck and happy phoning

Wanted Orange but got white....Crappy Pics...but over all a good phone.  Very good size, and very good battery life.  one

I am so glad that I bought this phone. It was the smartest decision I 've made all summer long. The price is unbelievable. I would get a tablet/phone for less than $150.00. I'm still shocked. Since pad phone is not a popular brand I was a little skeptical about buying it. However. My niece has a similar unlocked smart phone that cost over $600.00 and , yes it is a well known brand. Our phones have all the same features. Mine is .5 inch larger and it comes in my favorite color with a case cover. It has all the features that I could possible ask for. At this proce, I don't mind ordering two for my middle school kids. I just don't know how many megapixels are in the rear camera. The pics are still great. Oh yeah... when I purchased this phone, my delivery date was 4-6 weeks off since it was shipping in from China. I recieved it in less than one week. so impressed.

I was expecting a 6&#34; screen and it was 6&#34;. Everything else not as expected with this good looking phone.

Ok I got my phone and I love it but I have one problem my proximity sensor is completely jacked up like I cant even do anything when somebody calls me I cant hang up they have to hang up first and it sucks I need help cause I dont wana send it back. Please hell me!!!

The phone has a tendious to cut off on its own daily, when making a call I get this message &#34;Your phone is out of 3G service area,&#34;&#34;This is a 4.0 3G smart phone , this should not be happing.

Everything as expected plus more!!! galaxy look out this is competition only negative have to call my provided !!!to get my internet set up,currently running off of WiFi

Some things were good about this phone but some things were not. When scrolling it would be blurry till you stopped. Hurt the eyes. Too many weird things would pop up too that was not on my phone.

i love it it wasen't the orange color i wanted but the white was nice as well. the only down fall is that u cant find any cases for that model  , and i order the samsung note ones but they dont fit my phone. but overall had no issues with getting it turned on i went to t-mobile and i love it thanks, please very very fast shipping.

I LOVE my new phone !!!! It's awesome !!! The screen is huge and the ease of operating iot is so so wonderful. I am still learning a lot about it with my kids help. Thank you so very much !!Jerry from Massachusetts

this phone doesnt deserve 5 stars....not even 1 i thought this phone was legit but turns out its not...i wanted to try somthing new and i looked at many other phones and i figure why not try this one so i spend 200 and i have had it about 2 months now and its gotten slower on me its takes forever to load stuff even with full bars...and i have plenty of space left on my sd card and it shuts off randomly every so often. I had a samsung phone for over 2 years that was $130 and i dropped it so many times and nothing has happened....i dropped this phone for the first time half a foot and the screen turned partially white....i dropped it again from 2 feet and one side of the screen turned all white cant see anything...this phones wack dont waste your time or money and some features are not that good but over all im very livid and im havin second thoughts on buying off brand phones ever again...

Well This Phone Really Looks And Seems Intresting Especually Because its Orange.. I Have Watched Youtube Reviews Before i Ordered it,  And I Love It!!!! i just placed my order yesterday and i just cant wait to receive it . i just hope it comes in Orange Because i didnt know they had it in 3 differant colors :/..

Really like this phone, just don't like the white color they sent me at random, as I wanted the orange color.  The phone is higher quality than expected, worked right out the box, is easy to use, see, read, operate, and the speaker is nice, loud and pretty clear even on speakerphone. Love the bright amoled screen.  This is a good buy, just make sure to specify if you want orange, grey or white for your phone color. They did email me back within an hour when I had questions and told me the color request would have delayed the phone for over a month.

GR8 PHONE!!!! All the benefits of a Samsung w.o the inflated price!! I love the screen size! Its bigger than the note 2/3 guys so it makes the viewing better, but harder to find really cool cases. All in all well worth the lack in accesories for the phone.

i've been trying for the past two days to get it to read my t-mobile sim card. the phone is awesome and was delivered very quick, but it keeps saying no sim card. am i doing something wrong or missing a step? it says on here its compatible with tmobile sims, but im not thinking thats very true. Help please :(

Doesn't hold a charge, have 2 batteries both do the same, Says unable to return or replace , had little over a month.

Does anybody know where I can find a real case for this Phone need on the the phone ASAP ???(HELP)

Not happy with phone at all. Apps dont load all the time. Speed is just super slow. G3 more like edge network (super slow) Headphone jack doesn't take headphone because of the phones bezzle also normal chargers won't work because the tip is to small. internet browers close for no reason. Makes android OS look nasty bad. Cant update apps. default ringtone will make you insane. Power button so touchy. Put phone in your pocket the wrong way the power button will press and shut phone off. So far i had the phone a month and had to turn it on atleast 11 times. Stay away. Notebook clone...more like 6th man. My phone broke after one month of use. They use real glass. Really buy a galaxy 1 if you have too because I can't tell you how many faults this phone has.

I loved the phone, but unfortunately the touch screen began to quit working after a couple months. The m and the k wouldn't work while texting, so I switched back to my old phone and eventually had to early upgrade and pay three hundred dollars for my new phone. I am not a happy camper, and really wish that I hadn't wasted the money.

IVE ONLY HAD THIS PHONE A MONTH, DROPPED IT 1X AND MY SCREEN WENT WHITE! NOT VERY DURABLE FOR LONGEVITY

This phone is the best phone every and I love this phone so much I play on it everyday I would recommend it to everybody and the whole world

Good phone. A couple of things that I don't like is that the screen fades to black a lot while on the phone making it hard to hang up from a call or answer a call. Picture quality is also poor. Moved on to a Samsung.

The phone is alright,but hve sum issue with the phone blanking off & on and the touch screen not fuction right!!!!

I always wanted a very nice big screen phone and a tablet; this Phone just did both for me. It works just right, everyone that sees it always have a second look. I have Not been able to explore all the features just yet, that's because I'm very busy. Overall its a very nice phone for it price

I got this phone for NET10 prepaid, but data will not work, have tried everything, food for thought just call your phone company to check

i dont like this phone it is worse then my other phone i cant even call someone from my house cause the phone is so bad

Great phone. Easy to set up huge screen. No regrets I would recommend to everyone. Got here really fast way before due date

Skype does not work at all and Opera mini web browser is not stable on this phone. Otherwise it's a decent phone considering the low price.

A decent phone just don't expect miracles from it. The pad keys (menu/home/etc.) are not illuminated and that's a pain if you are where it's dark. Has dual sim card slots that are a tight fit. The screen is large and looks quite good even from a slight distance or angle. The phone is quite responsive and actually puts my old HTC thunderbolt to shame. It comes with google play installed. The camera could be better and videos are grainy. The front facing camera seems like it is from an 80's polaroid, blaaa. Straight talk worked on it after a short call to a rep. I use the ATT network which limits data to 2GB per month! Only 2GB per month and they mean it :(  Comes with two batteries and a charger. Seems like a quality piece but we will see how long it lasts.

I LOVE THIS PHONE. MY SON LOVES IT TO CAUSE HE HAS IT MORE THEN I DO. I WOULD RECCAMEND THIS PHONE TO EVERY ONE THE ONLY PROBLEM IS THERE ARE NO HARD CASES FOR THIS PHONE BECAUSE OF ITS SIVE

I ordered this phone over three months ago and still don't have it. I have since had to pay another 200 on another phone so when I get this its getting returned if it isn't in perfect condition. Very mad about this and have yet to hear a response from them as to why I still don't have my phone. I don't recommend ordering from this company.
