
I bought this as a bday gift for my hubby and he is totally in love with everything about it

I love the phone works great!!!  Only downside is i wish that the battery life would last a little longer.

Love this phone! I finally have fast 4G and a screen that is big enough to see.  Have no complaints about this phone.

Has been a great phone. Where i live has sometimes spotty reception, but this phone hasbeen great. No problems with phone breaking or having to have it replaced

*Beware that Amazon Wireless is separate division and they do not operate under the same guidelines as Amazon*I've owned this phone for 9 days and used it extensively. Huge upgrade from my Google G2. New Google software seems very fast and smooth. Great camera and the AMOLED display is the best I've seen.4G LTE is very fast, WHEN I'm connected to it. I find this phone to be on 3G most of the day. My location? Miami, FL which brings me to this complaint I filed with Verizon and Amazon Wireless:On January 11th 2013 I switched to Verizon Wireless after spending the previous 7 years with their direct competitor. The main reason for my switch was Verizon's marketing and promise of a more reliable & stronger network. I purchased the a Samsung Galaxy S III and as a loyal Amazon Prime member, I did so with confidence and was excited that I had saved $50 off the current Verizon Wireless promotional price.After using the phone for several days I noticed some technical issues with the device. After spending several hours of my time with the Verizon Wireless technical department, it was determined that this phone was defective (not connecting to the network properly). I was assured by the Verizon Wireless technical specialist that under Verizon's worry-free guarantee, a new phone would be sent free of charge but that I had to contact Amazon Wireless directly in order to process the guarantee.When I contacted Amazon Wireless I was informed that there was only 2 options for replacing this phone. Amazon Wireless does not honor any Verizon guarantees and they have their own policy's. The first option was to ship this defective device back, thus SURRENDERING MY SERVICE and going without a phone for 5-6 days while they "process" the return. The second option is to pay the FULL RETAIL PRICE of $699, wait 3-4 days for the replacement, and then get a refund 7-10 days after Amazon Wireless received the defective device back.Let's recap:Option 1 = No phone for 5-6 days while you ship yours back and then wait for a replacementOption 2 = Pay $699 + shipping to get a replacement, refund in 7-10 days after they receive defectiveWhen I brought up the fact that the Verizon tech department had informed me otherwise, I was told by the Amazon Wireless representative that "They'll say anything to get you off the phone". I asked to speak with a supervisor and was told nothing else could be done. Both replacement options are clearly unrealistic and unacceptable. Amazon Wireless refused to replace the defective equipment that they sent me.Beware that Amazon wireless is separate division and they do not operate under the same guidelines as Amazon. Customer service is marginal at best and they will not budge on this policy. Both replacement options that Amazon Wireless presented to me reflect poorly on the Amazon brand. I would strongly suggest buying this phone at a Verizon Wireless corporate retail store.

Performs as discribed, I would recomend to anyone thinking about purchasing. Had the HTC prior to this and this has performed slighly better.

Tried to avoid getting a smartphone because I felt that I wouldn't use it often, but I was so wrong.  My whole family teases me because I am always looking at the manual to try new functions.  I watch TV shows, Netflix, shop and bank.  I find it very user friendly.

It seems every Samsung electronic product I purchase has limited life.  I had three Samsung TV's fail in two months, a DVD player that always hangs, and a monitor that died in just 16 months.  Now the same goes for the Galaxy S III.  The first one died in one week.  Would boot, not even with exernal power.  Second unit failed with the same symptoms.  Took it to Verizon.  The manager said it had water damage, even though it had never been in water.  Spoke to a Verizon Tech who directed me to look at the moister indicators.  The one under the battery was slightly pink (I had to continually remove the battery and re-insert it to get it to boot).  All the rest were not triggered.  Notes in the Verizon tech file said "extensive water damage" and used words like dripping.  I think this situation is like medical insurance companies automatically denying 95% of claims and hoping to outlast the claimants life or will.  Not in this case.  I am a professional reliability engineer and know what causes component failure.  I have dealt with Samsung as a supplier and have heard many tales of releasing product with inadequately tested SW (either form them or suppliers), inadequate ESD controls and bad design.  I am sending to phone back to Samsung for failure analysis, demanding proof of water damage.  When it comes back negative I would like to solicit for a class action suit against Samsung and Verizon for this type of behavior.  A new phone is $600 and Verizon will not make concessions.  Sure you can cancel your contract - it will cost you $600 and when you don't pay your credit score.  It is time to stand up agains the gready corporations.  Use you options, buy wisely.  For me, this was my last Samsung product - EVER.  Unless consumers demand it by going elsewhere, companies will continue to believe that they can cut costs and increase share holder value by cutting quality in order to deliver products faster and cheaper.  Sorry, but $600 is too much for a product that only lasts two months.UPDATE:  In the process of investigating the possibility of a class action against Samsung, I have noted a number of States already have class actions filed over hidden and uncorrected known defects in the Galaxy S. If you have one of these phones, do you research and join a class action.  Protect consumers from corporations that ship defective products and then use the defects as a source of revenue by making false claims of environmental damage.

coming from a basic phone. This is a huge upgrade. I love it! I recommend this phone to anyone who does not want Apple.

Love it, The best phone I have ever had. BIG screen, moves fast. love it love it love it! Awesome

This is a great phone with a lot of power and speed. This is suppose to be the best android phone on the market. If you really compare it with the other smartphones out there... there just as good but for less. For example i have the Samsung Galaxy Nexus and the phone works just as good for half the list price. Why would you pay for a $599.99 phone list price (%59.99 2 year contract), when you can get an unlocked smartphone for $349.99. It comes unlocked (which means you can take it to any carrier if you did not know), 16gb of storage, a 4 inch screen AND the best part it comes with the latest version of Android; which is 4.2.1 Jelly Bean. Why pay for more when you can get the same for less. Keep looking before you buy the popular phones. :)

I wish the permanent 'home' key along the bottom border of the phone were touch-sensitive, just like the 'menu' key and 'back' key on either side of it, rather than one that needs to be mechanically pressed - the action requires just enough extra effort to make it unnecessarily awkward to use.  But so far, after about 4 days with the phone, that's my only quibble, aside from the built in TouchWiz launcher, which isn't awful, but just annoying enough to make you want to seek one of the many free options available.  The phone is fast, the display is large and beautiful (be sure to set the display to full brightness if using the phone in daylight, otherwise it's impossible to see).  I was one of those 'old-schoolers' who always wanted the security of a mechanical keyboard option, but the amazing SwiftKey app keyboard/text predictor app (along with the size of the S III's screen) renders irrelevant all of my concerns about typing accuracy with touchscreen keyboards.  I'm cynical enough at this point to expect this phone to start lagging annoyingly within about 18 months, but we'll see... so far so good!

I love this phone it has great battery life. Its takes great pictures. It is a big screen that does not look so big when youre holding it up to your face. I love the screen resolution. I would recommend to someone who is not looking to spend big money for the Samsung Galaxy S IV.

My first smart phone and I regret not getting one sooner. It has so many great features and sharp colors. No complaints.

She previously had the bionic and made a seemless transition to this phone. It has a great screen and she really enjoys it. It was set up and everything transferred over in just minutes, unlike many others. I think this was a great device at a great price.

Its been a while since I got a new phone.  I won't say this one does anything all that new, other than the IR blaster, but its just so darn slick. And the size is perfect, big screen and its really thin and light. It displays gmail nicely in the browser so I can use my work email easily.  I also could just throw in my old microSD 32gb card with all my music etc on it, really easy to back up.  Keeps a charge all day also plus its a cinch to swap batteries, essential for traveling.  And the batteries are cheap, $9!  Just does EVERYTHING a little bit better than anyone else.  I will say this apples camera is better. Why does apple so dominate the camera thing?  Or why can't Samsung get Sony to make its camera? If apple would ever make a light 5 inch screen phone they might compete, but until then, apple 5s, droid maxx and htc one are all jokes by comparison. I got the boxwave blackout case which rocks, its very thin, so you hardly know you have a case, but good protection, and only $7.

I love this phone, just hate having to watch the battery level constantly.  If you buy one, order a couple of extra batteries and a charger.  You'll need them.

The battery life on this phone is only about 6 hours.  I am charging it constantly.  I love the phone, it has everything I wanted except for the battery life.

This phone will not support an SD Card. Other then that its a great phone. Its very fast, the camera are great. This is the best phone on the market.

I didn't realize the phone was that big,but it works great and the camera is awesome.Love it! Great big phone!

This phone is the best. It outperforms the iPhone every time. Although SVoice isn't the best, it has other features to make up for it. One thing I have been noticing is it overheating whenever I'm not using it. I recommend this phone to anyone, just go for the 32gb because 16gb fills up quickly.

I never could understand why people were staring at their phones all day...now, I totally get it.  I can't put this thing down.  It's become my GPS, MP3, phone, address book, web browser, blah, blah, blah.  It's crazy how well this thing works.  Calls all go through, no cutting out, good sound, easy to use.  I also purchased an upgraded memory card, so it's now 60G of awesome!

If you like the android operating system,you will love this phone.It has all the bells and whistles.I have played with my daughter's iphones,but I like my phone better.

I switched from the 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Nexus to the 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy S3.  I'm glad I waited until the black color was released.  The phone is beautiful in the black finish.  Overall compared to the Galaxy Nexus the S3 has a better display, faster speed and a bunch of cool features in the touch wiz that the Galaxy Nexus does not have.  I can't wait for the Jelly Bean update for the S3.  If you're considering an Android on the Verizon network, I highly recommend the Galaxy S3.

Nice slim black case. Upgraded from a Droid Incredible with a Verizon customer appreciation discount and caught the phone on sale. Also bought a 32gig SD card (suggested). The phone is amazing. Beautiful display; blazing fast. LOTS of features to catch up on. I keep the PDF Owners Manual on my desktop for occasional reading and tinkering. With a little tinkering with Battery Life and WiFi settings easily getting 1 1/2 to 2 days battery with moderate usage. Get one!

I foolishly did not heed the advice of the only other person foolish enough to buy this piece of junk!  I used it when I first received the product and it worked.  I stored in my garage according to the very limited English version of the manual I found on the internet (it ships with a manual that is in German) and have not been able to get this to run for more than 5 minutes at a time.  I'm faced with taking this to the repair shop which will no doubt cost me more money than its worth for this Chinese piece of junk.  I'm going to cut my losses and buy the Hitachi system like I should have in the first place.May 5th, 2013This is a follow up to my previous review.  I feel compelled to be fair and update my previous negative review of this product, not the seller who doesn't support the product after the sale, but just the product itself.As my review above indicates after first using this product one time last fall when I first received it I was unable to get the trimmer to start this spring after storage.  I followed the English version of the manual which I found at [...].  This site also sells this same unit but they are in Canada and the freight was a bit too rich for me at the time.  However, this site does have the English version manual, not German as does this seller and the Canadian company (see url above)supports the unit with replacement parts and great "how to" videos.  Upon further investigation into the source of my starting problem I did a rather extensive search on the web and YouTube and talked to the local small engine repair service.  I had no idea how harmful and destructive the ethanol gasoline is to 2 cycle engines. I decided to do the tune up myself which typically consists of changing the spark plug, fuel filter (found in the unit's gas receptacle) and the air filter. When I replaced the fuel filter I found the problem, that was, the gas line from the carburetor to the fuel filter had split and therefore no gas was reaching the carburetor.  I went to the Ace Hardware, bought 1 foot of new line, a couple fuel filters for $1.25 each and a bottle of TruFuel, 50:1 mix ratio.  I concluded the gasoline with ethanol and oil mix was causing a lot of my problem with the system.  After changing the plug, new fuel lines (the line to the gasoline receptacle from the squeeze bulb also split) and new fuel filter I then added some TruFuel.  It took about 5 pulls and the unit fired up and ran great.  I let it run for about 5 minutes and I'm now a believer in TruFuel.I hope this helps.  Saying all this, I was penny wise and pound foolish.  If I had this to do over, I would buy the Husqvarna 128DJx 17-Inch 28cc 2-Stroke Gas Powered Straight Shaft String Trimmer/Brush Cutter with Detachable Shaft and the Troy build compatible attachments which fit and are much less expensive.  The Troy Built attachments are available at Lowe's and should be available at Amazon. While this would cost about $150 more than the cheaper Chinese 4 in 1 system I think in the long run you'd have a better product that is easier to maintain with parts and service.Hope that helps.

I love the size. It feels good in my hand and the screen is large enough to make reading twitter, email and the Internet easy and comfortable.My only complaints are the placement of the buttons at the bottom corners and the light, almost fragile feeling of the device,  but a cover gave it some much needed stability and the raised edge of the cover keeps me from accidentally tapping the back and menu buttons.I love being able to put shortcut icons on the lock screen,  I'm lazy like that.:)Overall,  I love my galaxy.

I have not had a &#34;smart phone&#34; since my Palm Trio. Needless to say, things have changed a bit since then. I purchased this unit as a bundle with a Verizon account and I am not unhappy with the decision. My biggest issue is not with the phone but with my lack of knowledge on how to use it efficiently. The screen's resolution is excellent and even with my fat fingers in the horizontal position I am able to text without having to back space too often to correct errors. The auto complete library is impressive and a time saver. I am not a uses &#34;chat&#34; abbreviations. I use full proper English when I text and this feature speeds up the process. Once I figured out how to clear the RAM of unnecessary background programs, battery life has improved dramatically.Great phone and I couldn't beat the price with the Verizon Share Everything plan.

Well i figured I'd give Samsung a chance as my mobile phone provider for once. Well after only one year of use it just randomly died, and by died i don't mean well it works sorta. It won't even turn on. It started to slow WAY down(taking 5 seconds just to bring up the keyboard to type something), and would randomly lock up to the point of needing to take the battery out. So, yesterday it just locked up and when it went to boot back up it got stuck on the &#34;samsung galaxy sIII&#34; screen. So after a few more battery removals it just completely died. Won't even turn on.  I tried switching the battery out with my wife's phone, but obviously that didn't work. So, here I am only halfway through my 2yrs and I'm having to revert back to my trusty droidx that is still running strong after 3 years.So, moral of the story is...keep your old phone, because chances are you will be needing it sooner or later before your contract is up.

still an excellent phone for the money. very streamlined process to get this up and running. worked flawlessly. thank you!

This is by far the best smartphone I have had!! It's fast and simply amazing! I recommend the galaxy phone.... :)

Great shipping fast and easy product is absolutely incredible! It does everything I want it to and even more than I thought

My first smart phone.  I love it.  Still getting used to all the features but comfortable with the ones I've used so far..  Pretty easy to navigate and learn.

Samsung Galaxy SIII is a great phone. Big upgrade for me from my old moto droid.Fast, bright screen. Android 4.x is easy to use. Camera is good quality.Handles video Skype very well, at least on a fast wifi connection, have not tried it with 4G Verizon yet.I had reception issues with 3G at my home, where I get few bars. This phone does better.

Wow this baby is smoking hot!! I was originally getting the razr Maxx but thank goodness I didn't.  The battery life on this lasts an entire day! I've been using it all day long & started out at only 87% at 7am. Now its at 32% & its 8pm & that's heavy use(3d games,hd movies & surfing). The screen is astonishing ..a big step up from my old Motorola phone  of 2 years lol. Multitasking is a breeze. I've said enough. This has to be the best phone out right now.

I bought this about the same time my off-brand tablet died. I was so frustrated - but the size and features of my new Galaxy make it easy to keep up with emails and Facebook on the go.

Okay the second day after I got the Verizon Samsung Galaxy S 3 hooked up (supposedly purchased new from Verizon), the stupid keyboard gave me an error and shut off in the middle of Facebook. This happened repeatedly. You have to re-boot the entire phone in order to use the keyboard after this pop up error comes on the screen.Second, two weeks into having the phone - the Safe Mode shows up on the phone and won't shut off. I did the disable safe mode steps four or five times - it won't work.I'm going to buy a cheap phone with regular texting and internet usage and sell this stupid Samsung on Craig's List in my local area. I hate this phone.

I have waited for this one for long time.  I love it! Works so fast and awesome! My wife had the Note 2 and I have tried it, but it was too big to me to put inside of my jacket or pocket. This Galaxy3 is just fit as it is.

I have owned this phone for 6 months.  It is far and away the best smart phone I have used.  I traded up from a Samsung Rogue but have used several different smart phones including the iPhone.  The first and best feature is the screen.  It is huge and the image is beyond clear.  As I grow older I find being able to see and read the screen becomes more important to me.As a phone, it does everything I need.  I would prefer a slide-out keyboard but I am adapting to the on-screen typing.  I am also finding that I LOVE the speech to text feature.  I use it constantly for everything from filling out forms in the internet to entering address into the navigator.  The 4-G connection is very fast, even in the rural area where I live and work.  I had read reviews complaining about the battery life when using the smart phone features but I am having no trouble using the phone all day without recharging and I USE all features of the phone.On the negative side, the phone as shown  a tendency to lock up with certain apps, mostly from Google.  Since it is easy to reboot or remove the battery I don't view this as a deal breaker but it could become annoying.  Fortunately it does not do so very often.  That is the only gripe I have with it.I would highly recommend this phone to anyone, even an iPhone junkie like my wife.Update: 6/25/2013:  I have owned this phone for one year now and it just keeps getting better.  I have taken it on  numerous trips to cities I have never visited before and the navigation and search features function flawlessly.  It knows where restaurants, entertainment venues, gas stations, and any other service are located.  In other words, "the phone is wise".  The battery still lasts a full day even under what I would call heavy use.  It works as a geo-cache tracker, GPS unit, and tracks my bike rides and jogging progress flawlessly.  I have yet to find anything that this phone won't due.

I just upgraded from the LG Ally and this phone is amazing. I love the battery time, the big screen, how fast it is.  I just wish there was more of a manual on all the features I am not accustomed to. Just learned yesterday after a month with my phone how to take screenshots...many more things ive heard it can do but havent had the time to master..great great phone.

The best part about this phone was the price.  The S 4 came out and about a month later I got the S III for $25.

The phone is great. The size is perfect for my needs. I'm still behind the learning curve but not to difficult for me to use. My VCR is blinking 12 if that gives you an indication of ability.

I am computer literate but still learning how allthe bells and whistles work. Great on InternetPhone works great. Ringtones not loud enough for me butthat is personal thingUpdate  I am still learning and yes getting easier

Item arrived on time and is working great. Wonderful customer service. Highly recommended!

After purchasing my husband and myself one of these we decided to get one for our son. Great Phone! LOVE the Android operating system! Can't beat Amazon for pricing! Have told everyone to go there for purchasing phones!!

This phone is perfect. I haven't had a single issue with it. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a reliable phone.

Great phone. Does what more expensive phones do and just and well. Great transition from sliding qwerty keyboard. Not disappointed.

Love the phone, the screen size is great, I like the voice clarity, the camera all of it.  I would recommend it to others.

Just what I needed and it's met all my expectations ... keep up the terrific work, Samsung.  Recommend this phone.

I love everything about it. I am very happy with my decision to switch from an I phone to a Galaxy.

This phone blows everything else I've used out of the water. Smooth, superb design. I'd be happier if it came with the battery of the RAZR Maxx but hey, then it'd be too good to be true, right? I'm more than satisfied, I'm ecstatic to have it! Haven't finished playing with it yet but I came from an S2 and prior to that, an iPhone 4. Nothing really seems to choke this phone yet, even playing GTA3. Everything flies fluidly and without hiccup. Love it!

Way better than the HTC incredible 2 it replaced.  Add sense clock and SwiftKey and rub it in your iPhone friends' faces.

The phone meets my needs but after one year the battery has not preformed well. The battery loses over half the life in less than 6 hours

The GS III is awesome! Not too big, not too small, just right. Now, I think I'll take a nap.

Phone works great. No issues. Fast.  My only complain is that the phone is very light and the slick case slides off things.

The learning curve was possible with the help of a work colleague.  I am satisfied with the phone 30 days out and wish that I had made the move sooner.

I recently purchased three of these phones to outfit the family.  In a word, they are terrific.  The phones operate flawlessly, and have a host of features, "apps," and "widgets" that are not only cool, but make organizing and accomplishing necessary daily tasks and routines much easier.  The phone is very elegant and stylish, but we have all three cocooned inside Otterbox cases that we purchased from Amazon.  I thought this was a much less expensive alternative than the $11 per month PER PHONE that Verizon wanted to charge for insurance. Only time will tell if this was a good decision, but as of now we are very satisified with the phones and its accessories (all of which we purchased from Amazon).  All in all, the Samsung Galaxy SIII is an impressive package.  Even my son - previously a die-hard Apple iPhone proponent - has switched to Samsung.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.

I like this phone very much.  I would like it more if I had not accidentally dropped it and shattered the screen.  The only thing holding the screen together is the screen protector I bought for it.  I tried to get some relief from Amazon without success.  Verizon sent me to the insurance company I bought for it.  They wanted me to pay them $100 to replace it with a refurbished phone.  I passed on that.  The phone still works so I'll stay with it.  Screen is very sensitive to the touch.  That's good except that sometimes it makes calls when I did not want to do so.  Other than that, it's a very good phone.The only negative I would give to this phone is its short battery life.  It runs down way too quickly.  That can be remedied by buying an extended life battery.  Worked for me.

I've had the Verizon flavor of this phone for about 2 months now. The phone is great. It was a major upgrade over my last phone the T-Mobile G2x (LG) and my work phone the Droid X2. I'd say my favorite feature improvement is the ability to add emergency numbers that the phone can call when it is locked. I like the idea of a paramedic knowing who to call if I were ever in a car accident. The phone is thin enough that putting the right case on it is no big deal, the phone will still fit easily in my pocket.The Verizon security app bogged the phone down and didn't work well. I added McAffee WaveSecure and it seems to do a great job.My only gripes are:Google Wallet is only supported on the Sprint flavorthe apps menu scrolls side-to-side rather than up and down like my G2x and Droid X2.

Best buy. 1/3 cost of VZ upgrade & I did not have to change my plan (I would have if I went thru VZ)

I think Samsung leads the way in smart phone design.This makes 7 and counting for this family. We all love them.

Despite the Galaxy S4 already out at the time of writing this review I still find this phone to be very adequate for my needs and have no urgent desire to upgrade at this time.  This is a first for me as I've had this compelling need with every smartphone I've owned since the original droid to upgrade before the next best thing was out.  To me getting a new phone always feels so refreshing but as you use it over time you start to realize that you need more power.  While I've become quite familiar with the SIII performance I've never found it to be lacking in speed.  My only complaint would have to be that the SIII's battery life is at most just average.  It lasts about half a day under heavy usage and can be pushed to almost a full day with normal usage.

Bought this phone for the 2012 Black Friday deals on Amazon. Continues to amaze me at how much better it is than the iPhone. Android is continuing to show how much better it is than iOS.Note: Battery life is weak, yet still stronger than the iPhone. Get an extended battery. Can double the life. I can get 3-4 days easy. Takes a bit for it to calibrate to the new battery in case any take my advice.

One of the best phones I've ever purchased.

Verizon was having a sale on these, so we bought two and signed up for the Verizon Share Everything Plan.  The phones are phenomenal - loaded with features, and with fast processors.  I have all the apps I want on my phone, and I still have plenty of memory left!  The camera takes pretty good pictures from both front and back.  The videos it takes are 1920x1080, which is HD quality.  Granted, my Canon HD video camcorder and my Canon SLR are better, but for a phone this is the best I've seen.  The flash also stays on as an assistive light, and it is very bright.  Will be very handy in a power failure, or when searching for something in my black hole of a purse.  My previous phone was a Huawei Ascend II, and it was a little put putt in comparison.  This phone leaves that one in its dust.  The only small inconveniences are the placement of the on and volume buttons.  It is also hard to grasp it when taking photos without hitting the back button, unless you are holding the camera in a landscape aspect.  I would shave off a half a star for that, but since I can't give a 4.5 star rating, I'll chalk the difficulty up to my butterfingers and give this phone the five stars it deserves.

This phone does so much.  I can speak my messages and the phone types it in.  For me, this phone does it all and more.  Absolutely love it!

Phone looks fine but battery discharges completely really fast and even dies while the phone is off. There are also black Stains on the screen.

I ordered the phone on thurday night and received it sunday morning. I love the weight of the phone. It is so light. Especillay when compared to my sony experia play. I love the vibrant colors and simplicity of use. Charging is fairly decent and the the ability to add memory to the phone is another plus. The audio from this phone is really good. Used as a speakerphone or streaming audio. Plus 4GLTE. 29.99 is more than a steal for this phone. Amazon has done it again with a deal lower than any other competitors. Thanks Amazon

This phone is what I expected. The battery life could be better, but hey, couldn't they all?! Maybe if I worked where I got a better signal it would help... great phone all in all. Waitijg on the S5!

I have used a cell phone since 1999, but recently decided to advance to the 'smart phone'.  I am delighted to find it so easy to use and intuitive.  I recently took a trip to Minot, ND and Verizon was even stronger there than out here in WA.  As I headed home I found the signal was lost and so was my mobile phone.  Using a land line I called the Verizon techs and they helped me in resetting my phone.  The signal was back and so was my Mobile phone.  Apparently my phone was still searching for the ND signal but by simply removing and reinstalling the sim card my phone looked in the right places and my service was restored. It's nice to know the service provided by Samsung and Verizon is so great,

Perhaps it's because my last phone (Motorola Droid) was on it's way to the graveyard when I got this phone but I LOVE it.  I really like the way its set up, the speed it moves, and the drag type feature.

I upgraded to the S3 from a Samsung Fascinate about two weeks ago and love the phone. Big, bright display and very fast WiFi and 4G data speeds. Web pages pop open as fast as my laptop! User interface is much improved over the Fascinate. Phone voice calls seem fine. Battery life is better.  Data monitor function is handy. Maps and GPS work good and voice data entry for navigate is very handy!Overall the phone operation is much faster and smoother than my old phone.Third phone we have bought from Amazon Wireless with no problems and very fast shipping.Beware of Verizon "upgrade fee" of $30 which Verizon added to my recent bill. Called them and protested and they took it off my bill.Jim D

There is a reason the Galaxy series is so popular and now that you can get this phone for a penny, it's even more awesome.

Nice phone. I went from a Casio Commander and was quite impressed with the programming on this. It does have too much bloat ware that was time consuming to get rid of.

This purchase was really great and has met all of my expectations. I would highly recommend it to anyone, I am highly satisfied.

Very easy to use and has great features. I like the large screen size. It is easy to use and see.

Took a day or 2 to get used to everything....major step up from my Droid! Wow...many features..screen is bigger than my old phone & battery life is fantastic!

I love my phone so far! I've had it for a couple months and I love it. I have nothing bad to say about it! it's big enough to see my screen just perfect and I love it!

Just to be clear I am a computer professional and use them every day. I am used to large screens and high quality keyboards. I also have large and somewhat clumsy fingers. I have also used other smart phones with similar results.I got this "smartphone" in January with a good promotion deal. I figured it will be useful for an occasional web access and make email reading simpler. I was wrong.The device is quite large for a phone. So it is not easy to slip in my pocket and carry. Next the touch screen makes it very hard for me to get use. I had to buy a stylus just to be able to use the virtual keyboard. I did some research and found there are keyboards that I can buy as accessories. The problem is that I will then have yet another large item added to the device and the stylus. On top of this I have to pay 30 $ more a month for a data plan.What do I get for all this? For me the answer is not much good but a lot of annoyance.* My old regular phone had email so I get no improvement.* The smartphone is bigger and therefore harder to carry.* The smartphone has a ton of apps which I do not need. For example games: if I wanted to play a video game I rather use my regular monitor.* The old phone had both touch and a keyboard this one has just an over sensitive touch screen which I have to treat like an egg shell. If it breaks I am out of luck.* It is very easy to activate the wrong app by mistake.* The old phone sound quality was better and had better reception.* The smartphone is preset to make an assortment of annoying sounds which I had to spend my valuable time de-configuring.* For web browsing the combination of small screen and touch makes it a non starter for me. I much rather use a full sized screen with a regular keyboard.* It is too big for a phone and too small for a web browser.I am still trying to figure out what the pluses are but have not found any yet.

this is a quality phone.  i got it as a gift for someone and couldnt be happier with the price and product. gs3 is a great phone

Love this phone.  Much larger screen than my old Iphone 4s and great shipping.  Love everything about this phone.  Fast, slim and really easy to use.  Thank you.

O.K. So I'm 65 and use to a regular cell flip phone. But friends said you have to move up Bill.  Get the next generation of cell phone.  Be "Smart."  Read your Email.  Connect to the internet.  Save some music.  So I got this SIII phone a few months ago and I regret doing so.The phone maybe "Smart" but I'm not. It's just to complicated. I called Verizon Customer Service.  They were friendly and offered me free classes. Classes?  I just want to make a phone call and get my calls and messages.  I need classes?I purchased a 400 page manual, but there are just to many steps. And it seems that there are simple things I could do on my flip phone I can't do on this quickly or just be able to do. Plus the battery life is just terrible! Have to charge it almost every other day.So the SIII is hard to use and just not user friendly for me. For others more adapt at small computer devices maybe it's O.K.  Also, I have a car charger but my blue tooth keeps disconnecting. I miss my simple flip phone and think I'll go back.  Maybe buy an IPad and see how that goes.

upgraded from an older smartphone. love all of the new features. the S III is very easy to use and the one cent price was awesome!

This was the BEST deal I've found for this phone!!!Everyone else wanted an arm and a leg....Nothing wrong with phone at all, I love it!

Simply put... The Samsung Galaxy SIII is the best smart phone ever made. It's not often that a product is better than billed and does way more than expected.Thanks

The IV may have more features but this is the ultimate in my experience. This one is beyond my expectation.

Purchased this phone  when it came out and it was an upgrade to my then Droid. I loved all the new features as well as the screen resolution. I ended up purchasing a 64gb card for the phone so that i could shoot more views and store movies, photos etc on the unit. This worked well until one of the over the air updates by Samsung killed my card. Luckily the manufacturer of the card was awesome and replaced it. This phone has done 99% of the things I have wanted it to do. If your in the market for a smartphone but don't want to spend the cash on the latest S5, then the S3 will do everything you want and is a great entry phone.

Amazing phone. Upgraded from older phone and so happy I did. Great customer service also. Would definitely recommend the phone to all.

Bought this for my wife - our first smartphone and we didn't want to spend a lot for state of the art. It is working very well - got an Otter case fore it - very happy with the purchase and the low purchase price - one half what we would have paid Verizon - even  with a 2 year plan

Love this phone!!!!! The only issue is on some websites adobe flashplayer doesn't work. Seems like a legal batte between Google and Adobe that will take a decade to settle. To me, this phone is the best ever and great price too!!!!! You can't beat the price! !!!!

Nice phone, my daughter loves it and compared to the junk LG phone she had before, this one is FAST!!

This the second one in the family and my wife and son love it. Fast processer and large screen is awesome!

Got this for my husband, had he loves the size, speed of the 4G, and the functions.  Highly recommend Samsung.

I ordered 2 of these phones 2 weeks ago, received them promptly within 2 days, charged them, inserted SIMs that came with phones, and was good to go within 5 minutes.Phones are simply amazing. I am still discovering many features, but so far I used and was amazed with these:1. Call quality2. GPS-lock instantly(I live in Chicago-tall buildings...)3. Data speed(4G LTE with Verizon4. Screen-Beautiful and bright(could be brighter in sunlight)5. Motion activated features(Zoom, Text messaging to Voice call, shake to update...)6. Camera-you don't need to carry your camera-camcorder any more)7. Battery-It last 15 to 20 hrs with moderate use. I use hepatic feedback,Wi-FI, GPS, upload Apps few times a day, search web, camera with flash...) I was deciding between this phone and Motorola Maxx HD because of battery life, but it is plenty of time between charges)You can beat the price. I paid $9.99 per phone, and MOTO was $99.99 per phone  at the time.Don't be afraid, this is a great device.

My hubby and I bought the same phone.  He got his at Wal-Mart.  I got mine at Amazon.  I saved $45.  The purchasing experience was smooth and super easy.  Just follow the directions and you have a working cell phone.  By the way ... I don't really need to say it because everyone knows it, but this phone is AWESOME.

My daughter loves her phone entirely. I screwed up when I ordered it. She wanted the mini. Only to find she really liked the bigger siZe a lot!

It's fast, has a good battery life, and does everything I need it to. It's definitely a bigger phone, but because it's slim I can't even feel it in my pocket.

so far I have had this phone maybe almost 2 months and the battery life is great!!  I can go a whole day on one charge and still text, facebook, check emails and browse the web.....love love love that

I bought this phone to replace my droid 2. It is a great phone with lots of geeky features. The phone is very lite.

I ordered this phone for myself since my phone (Samsung Galaxy Nexus) was starting to act up. I was able to get a great deal through Amazon. They sent me activation instructions and was able to do so within 5 min. I set my phone up the way I wanted to and I must say, I do love my phone! Huge change with my battery life. Throughout the whole day i use my phone quite a lot since I have all my email account (including work email) synced to my phone. From the time i unplug my phone (6:00am) to the time I plug it back in before bed (10:00pm-10:30pm) I still have battery life between 5-20%. Great job Samsung!

This phone is easy to get started with a nice large display without making the phone itself heavy or cumbersome.There are plenty of apps, and we are constantly learning new things about it between the 2 users in our household.

I had the newer version of this phone, The S4.  But to replace the S4 would cost around $800.00  I dropped it and shattered the glass. So I shopped around on Amazon, and found this phone  ( Galaxy S 3 ) for a lot less, and it has pretty much the same features to the point I can't really tell the difference.  Its also the same size as the S4.  I really like it.  The same phone at Walmart is $699.00 with tax included.  Amazon saved me $200.00 Thanks Amazon.

I would recommend this phone to anyone. However, I hate tuchwiz so a custom ROM is a must. Design wise this phone is amazing.

Yes, it is not the Galaxy 4...but for the price, you cannot beat this phone. It has gotten exceptional reviews across the board...it is lightweight...has a lot of great features at a great price.

I went from a HTC Incredible to this S3 and it is like night and day. It took me a couple of days to get used to the larger phone but love it. It is faster and has more. I am still happily exploring all of the features.

I can tell that the hype about this phone is legit.  Easy to learn and performs extremely well.  I highly recommend this phone.  Can't imagine you'd be disappointed.

No problems with thus far. Perfect size and great battery life. Sound quality is such an improvement from my htc increbile 2

Not a bad phone, but wish Verizon/Samsung would allow full use of it to the average unrooted user.  I bought the 16 gb version (11 gb available for my use) and a 32gb SD card, but the external SD can only be used for storage of pictures, video or music files.  Can't place or run any of your apps on the external SD.  They also made it much more difficult to access the phone via your USB cable.  On my previous (HTC EVO 4G ) phone I could access the SD card like an external disk drive and easily transfer files back and forth.  This phone treats your external SD as an afterthought.  The carrier and manufacturer are certainly making it more of a necessity for us non-geeks to explore rooting, although I understand that Jelly Bean 4.1.1 has made that a little more difficult, but that will change as the devs have more time to explore.  I thought I had done enough due diligence prior to purchase and many of the other competing phones had their own issues

so g3the g4 has an ir blaster, but at the time i bought this the s4 was like $200.  it is now free with two year deal.  I think that google will end up owning us all.  at least thier motto is do no harmhopefully people live up to thier words

I really love the apps that are available and what I can do with the phone.  Stills learn9ing about it.

This phone is awesome. It has so many options to make it personal, I'm in love. Big screen, nice and thin and has a lot of storage, camera is great and I'm very impressed. Very happy with my purchase!

This phone deserves every star I gave it. I bought it because i was due for an upgrade and decided that I wanted everything (phone calls, texts, emails, pictures, music, etc) all under one roof so to speak. At the time, I had one of the first internet accessible phones for calls/texts, a digital camera for pictures, and an iPod Touch for music. This is my first smart phone, so i might be a little biased in saying that, when I bought this phone in March 2013, it is the best smart phone out there. It's super light. RAM speed is fast. There aren't any random glitches that I've noticed mother's iPhone has. It's been almost 6 months that I've had my phone and, sad to say, I think I would be devastated if something happened to it. Luckily for me, I bought an Otter Box for the phone too (no, it's not too bulky with the Otter Box Commuter) so now this phone is pretty much unstoppable!The reason i bought the phone through Amazon was the price. Through Verizon's website it was almost $200 and that's with my updgrade. I got the phone for under $100. So thank you Amazon for your awesome-ness on that one.Shipping was fast. I think I received the phone within 2 days of ordering.Lastly, I would reccomend this phone to anyone and everyone. If you've never used an Android device before and are concerned about it being difficult to use compared to your beloved iPhone.. trust me when I say, you will not miss your iPhone after 1 day with the Galaxy. If you're an older person and not that computer savvy, the Galaxy offers a wonderful &#34;Starter Mode&#34; so you can get used to all of the options surrounding customizing the Galaxy, little by little (yes, Apple lovers, you can customize EVERYTHING on this phone: app icons, colors, keyboards, widgets --mini programs that display stuff like the weather, new texts, FB statuses, task lists, etc).All in all, if you're reading this review you are probably interested in buying an Android phone. I say go with the Galaxy S III (or the S IV because I've heard that it's actually more awesome than the S III --If that's even possible). You will not regret the decision!
