
Easy to set-up, double minutes already added (making the first 20 minutes one gets, 40).  Kind of a 'rough' surface, making it easier to hold, vice a smooth one.One thing I don't care for, think it's across the board w/mobile phones tho' is;  Tracfone charges a full minutes usage for any part of a minute, including just one second into the next minute.  There ought to be a way to prorate that, as they do text messages, which only use 1/3 of a minute (20 seconds)

I DID NOT BUY THIS FROM AMAZON, BUT I WISH I HAD.  I WOULD HAVE SAVED A FEW DOLLARS.  I BOUGHT THIS DIRECTLY FROM TRACFONE.COM AND IT WAS SUPPOSED TO COME WITH 60 ANYTIME MINUTES FOR 90 DAYS.  I CALLED CUSTOMER SERVICE WHO TOLD ME I BOUGHT A SIM CARD AND NOT A PHONE.  (BUT THE PHONE IS RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME).  AND THEN THEY SAID IT WAS A NEW PHONE AND NOT RECONDITIONED.  BUT THERE WAS NO OFFER ON THE WEBSITE FOR RECONDITIONED PHONES.  JUST BEWARE, THEY REALLY DON'T GIVE YOU THE MINUTES IF YOU BUY A PHONE IN A BUNDLE FROM TRACFONE.COM.  YOU JUST GET THE PHONE.

I am one of very few people who only need a phone to make phone calls...and only use it for important phone calls. Does not transfer pics/video to computer and it takes several credit minutes to email just one pic.

The LG TracPhone and service have been in use now for months, and both are entirely satisfactory.  I haven't used the camera feature (not my thing), but everything else is fully functional.

[note: as of 4/6/2014, you can do better by purchasing elsewhere.  Tracfone online will give you an LG 440G for free (and with free shipping) when you buy it together with an airtime card.  Offer good until 9/30/2014.  I just bought a spare LG 440G yesterday at a local "dollar" store for $5.  I still love the phone.]I recently upgraded my Tracfone service from a four year old Motorola v170 (2G) to this LG 440G (3G).  I like the flip phone format, even if it's considered out of date by most.  This 440G is excellent for purely voice communications and is acceptable for receiving (but not sending) texts and emails.  In fact, my LG 440G is better at voice than my wife's smartphone.  As long as that's really all you want, this phone plus a Tracfone $100 one-year airtime card is the best value on Planet Earth.Pro:  A 3G phone has access to a lot more cell tower hardware than a 2G phone.  Connectivity is tremendously improved over my old Motorola v170.  I find that I get good voice service in all of the dead zones that I had with the v170.  The Motorola couldn't connect from the inside of my home (stucco over heavy sheet metal wrap, circa 1915), or inside my local Costco, or from the basement of my office building, or while walking with the dog at the Mount Tom reservation in Holyoke, Mass.  The LG 440G works OK in all of these locations, AND everywhere else I've used it.  No more having to go out to the front porch to make a call!The construction is solid.  Voice quality with speakerphone turned off is excellent.  I haven't experienced the problems with voice quality noted in GusHerb's one star review.  However, I do agree that the speakerphone feature is better for camping out on hold than it is for actual conversation.The camera is functional should you need it, but don't buy this phone if a good camera is important to you.Con:  Some of Tracfone's online advertising states that this phone has WiFi features in addition to 3G connectivity.  Somebody please correct me if I'm wrong, but the WiFi part appears to be a mistake.  WiFi isn't mentioned on the box the LG 440G ships in, or in the owner's manual.  There aren't any menu options that I can find to set a WiFi SSID or password.Do not buy the similar LG 430G here on Amazon without doing your research.  It's important not to confuse this 440G with the 430G.  The 430G is a T-mobile phone, while most of Tracfone's network is on ATT.  Do a search on Tracfone's web site for phones available in your zip code.  If the 430G isn't listed, it's just a paperweight for you.Please keep in mind that this is a disposable phone that sold for $10 outright when I originally wrote this review, and even less as of the update above.  Obviously, it's going to be found wanting if you want more features than just excellent voice service.If you would rather have a touch screen Android smartphone with more features and access to a ton of apps, but with slightly poorer voice service, then please read my review here on Amazon of the Tracphone LG L39C:http://www.amazon.com/review/R39UGNG4BGAEEF/ref=cm_cr_pr_cmt?ie=UTF8&ASIN;=B00HPX2NTG#Please read my L39C review carefully and follow the bread crumbs to the bundle that I actually purchased.  The Tracfone LG L39C smartphone can be had for dirt cheap, as I allude to, and offers incredible value in the low end, introductory Android smartphone format.  My wife and I bought one of these for her, and we both love it.  Nonetheless, I prefer to stick with this LG 440G flip phone for myself.

You get what you pay for. In this case, not much! Review your needs and consider all other alternatives available.

I have used Tracfone for over 10 years. This is phone number five. The others gave up and died (except for the one that went swimming in the toilet. That one recovered, but I do not trust it anymore...)This phone is by far the nicest. It is a flip phone, which I still like, regardless of style and fashion. No butt dialing issues. I rarely use a cell phone, but when I do, this one has a nice sound. My mother actually says she can understand me. It has a good screen, the buttons are easy to use.Highly recommend this model.

The phone has great reception, long battery life, and easy-to-use features.  Stores plenty of contacts and they can be accessed easily.  All-in-all a great phone for a small price.

That was supposed to be 4 stars.  Working good most of the time. Have places where it doesn't work well.

This phone was listed at 20 bucks on the tracfone site. I checked amazon and I got it for half was here in 3 days and was able to switch my sisters phone over to this phone in 24 hours. She has hearing aids so this phone works very well with them that she can finally hear on the phone.

The battery that came with the phone required recharging frequently. This was for low frequency use and with 85% idling. The new battery I purchased requires a recharge only after 8+ days of infrequent use with mostly idling. The reliability factor? The phone usually does not ring for incoming calls. In my estimation and those of other reviewers, this is a hit or miss unit. I would have given it a two or one stars, but I can't say I don't like. I can say that I am disappointed. My advice: Caveat emptor and buy a phone locally!

Summary:  For next to nothing this is a great phone to have on hand for when you need one.We periodically host guests from overseas and many times they show up with a cell phone that doesn't work here or no phone at all.  Sometimes they're even scared of the "little talking people in the glowing box", but I digress.We had been using an old Nextel phone on T-Mobile that I got years ago for "free after rebate" as our guest phone.  However it was difficult to add time and didn't have a lot  of features.  For our most recent guest I decided to go all out and plunk down the money for this phone.  It was a great decision.Aside from the boatload of features and very easy to use interface it is durable and easy for anyone to add minutes at any time.  (I, or better yet our guests, can add minutes from the phone, a prepaid card, or by going to a website and clicking twice.  Better still, the 2x minutes work transparently and it winds up not costing a lot for the typical short calls and messages visitors are likely to make.The added benefit is that a week after our most recent guest left my wife had her phone stolen.  Having this on hand meant she could still make calls (using the minutes left over from our more recent guest... Score!) for the day it took before we could have it replaced.

I returned it because it doesn't offer WiFi. I seldom use my cell for internet... but want the WiFi feature to use when on the internet.

I like this tracfone better than my previous one. This has the flipcover and prevents me from turning it on by mistake.I also like the ease of taking pictures and the seperate clear button. My previous phone had triple minutes, but this one only has double minutes. I don't mind, because is used for emergencies and long distance only

Not as advertised. I spent the day setting it up & had to go back to my LG220C because this one didn't have half the features my old phone did. Decided to get a new battery for my LG220c and keep it another 2 years. Returned this one for a refund. It is not made as well either.  Would not recommend.

Have had tracfone for several years.  Have always had trouble porting my old number to my new phone but usually by the third or fourth day without a phone can find someone who knows what they are doing. Not so this time. Got the LG 800g last year but that was so flawed decided to go back to a flip phone.  For the last five days have been trying to get my old number ported to my new phone.  Went on line followed directions for activating and importing my minutes and old number.  It said it was successful, but it did not work.  Since then have talked to at least 8 people and spent hours trying to fix this.  They keep wanting me to get a new number.  I didn't want a new number. Have finally given up.  Do not get tracfone unless you want a new number everytime you get a new phone.

I purchased this phone for my husband (a non-techie type) and he really likes it. Clock on the outside, easy on the inside...he likes things simple. Many features he doesn't use (texting for one) but for the price here, it was a no-brainer. He needs a phone that has a cover...this one feels more substantive than the one we replaced, and I know he won't be accidentally calling outer-Slobovia due to mashing keys! :) The double minutes was the other feature I wanted. Though he protested he didn't need a phone, he uses it plenty calling parents, finding me lost in Walmart, etc., etc.,.....

Have lg235c and wanted a better camera. Big mistake, the  lg440g phone would go from no service to roam to home in my house for no reason. When on roam reception was terrible and no browser.Called tracfone service and they could not get it work right, said it was normal to go from roam to home in my area.The carrier was uscelluar, I know it's not there fault.Had them switch back to my lg235c Verizon carrier. Just wish it had a better camera.I see another post similar to mine.

Caveats:This phone, unlike the items for most of my other Amazon reviews, was not purchased at Amazon.This phone was purchased and used entirely by my wife.  I love this fine woman very much but she is not only non-technical, but I believe she is truly responsible for the most extreme burn-out rate (%) of HELP DESK personnel in the English speaking world.OK,:The phone has failed several times, this last time from catastrophic failure.  No power or response of any kind, whether plug in to AC or batt.  She says that the charge indicator has been going on every time she plugs it into the charger and then yesterday: Nothing.  Help desk couldn't help--said get a new one. Mobile communication only became necessary a year ago for her job and she was told that voice and text were all that was needed so she could go basic as long as it was dependable.  Up to now LG had always been very dependable.  But, then again, Tracphone has been our first Chinese LG product.  We avoid Chinese when we can (usually can't) and certainly will not feel nearly as loyal to LG as before.

I use it as a spare for areas my phone doesn't cover. This phone even worked in the SD Badlands where most phones are out of range.  The phone and price are excellent.

I am not a big cell phone user.  It is nice and simple and does what I want it to do.

For some reason calls and messages are rejected on a regular basis. Sometimes there is a record of a call having come in, sometimes there isn't. Can't find anything buried in the menus that appears to reject calls, so this phone is in the trash.

WAS JUST WHAT WE NEEDED TO WORK WITH OUR NEW CARS PHONE SYSTEM. THE PRICE WAS RIGHT WHERE WE WANTED IT TO BE.

I always wanted a simple flip phone that would notify me of my coming email.  I must say, this phone is pretty amazing on 3G and Email feature.  I love carrying this flip phone knowing I am able to receive emails in time.The reception is not horrible as the other reviewers stated. However, compare to LG 500 (which I hate the small query keys), LG 500 does have better reception.I found out that you can send simple email using message icon/ sent box on this phone, which is pretty cool.It truly depends on what you need.  This phone has more features than a simple flip phone; I was under the impression that one can transfer mp3 / photos using USB cable; I was wrong about this feature.  The phone has 90000kb memory; more that LG 500 and LG 900.In my opinion, this is a good buy.

I like the flip phone format, it is very convenient and the 3G Internet and email speeds are great.Sound quality is about average.  The speaker phone is distorted at top volume of 7, so just lower it to 5 or 6.  This isn't a phone you are going to speak on the speaker phone a lot, just to monitor when someone puts you on hold for a couple of minutes. It has a good camera and video capability.  It is easy to upload small MP3 files to use as free ringtones for people on your contact list.  There is also a handy button for composing text messages.  You can download Google Maps for use if you are driving and need directions.This phone isn't for heavy web use but can come in very handy in an emergency because you can easily check your email.  It does not have an add-on slot for SD memory.  You cannot transfer photos from your phone unless you have another bluetooth device.UPDATE:  With the recent price increase for this phone, I would recommend the LG 840G instead.  It is a better phone and has triple minutes, wi-fi, and better sound quality.

Only had the phone working for a week.  So far it is easy to use, put in contacts and keep track of minutes.  A great deal for some one who just wants a phone for emergencies and an occasional call.

After living with an LG800-G "feature phone" for several months, I grew tired of the sub-par touch screen (really the only feature elevating it above a flip) and decided to return to a flip phone.I was shocked upon discovering the $14.99 LG440-G on the rack at Best Buy after seeing that it included a camera, voice dialing and 3G. I had planned on spending $50 or so but after checking out several other models saw no reason to.It should be noted that my communications are generally limited to infrequent calls, zero texting and no Facebook or other social media. Though I'm the go-to guy for building and troubleshooting PC's, I'm not who you ask for wisdom about Android vs. iOS! The thing is, this phone, for $14.99, does all that most high-end smartphone are used for 95% of the time: call, text, email, surf the Internet on 3G, play tunes and take still or video pictures, even if at a relatively low-res 1.3MP, plenty good enough for me in most cases.The USB port functions for charging purposes only, so a Bluetooth connection will be required to upload music to the phone or download pics to your computer.The menu is pretty well laid out and easy to navigate, the screen is sharp if not in bright daylight, battery charge life could be better but not too bad.So what's not to love?Well, for one, the perplexing decision to include a joybuzzer-upon-answer feature that for the life of me I'm unable to disable. The phone vibrates when a party you've called answers. I have tried both methods to disable the buzz - press the '#' key at the lower right until "Vibrate mode off" appears, or navigate the menu structure: Settings/Audio and Ringtones/Ringtone/Alert Type and choose 'Ring'. The other two options here include vibration.Now, I can understand that this might be useful for folks in noisy or heavily distracted environments. But it's simply an annoyance for most. It has in fact become so annoying that I may attempt to open it up and desolder the audio transducer (the buzzer) if that's doable without destroying the phone*. If not, I will likely go ahead with an upgrade to a model with a little more configurability.I would give this phone 5 stars for the reasons mentioned above, but the vibrate feature has turned into a buzz-kill.* Edited to add - removing the buzzer is easy and requires no desoldering. Simply power off the phone, remove the battery cover, remove the 6 small screws holding the back on, and use a flat-edged jewelers screwdriver to release the back. You'll see a yellow item at one end that can be easily removed with tweezers or simply by hand. It's a tiny motor with what appears to be a half disk weight on the output to create the vibration. Crude but effective, and now it's gone.

This is a great phone. I wish I could find one for trac phone with triple minutes. I use this one for our new kia which has hands free that bluetooths to your phone. I connected it to a  power plug in the back of the car out of sight and it's always charged and synced to the car system. Can't beat the price.

I bought this after deciding that it was silly to keep paying for a smart phone that I rarely use. I always liked flip phones because they fit into your pocket so easily, and the microphone is near your mouth so callers can hear you better if there is background noise. If this is all you are looking for, this phone fits the bill.But the features are a bad joke. I had hoped to be able to use this phone to retrieve my e-mails. But the load time is absurdly long, and it takes even more time to try to zoom in on the tiny screen enough to see your e-mail. Plus, while I could use it OK for my personal g-mail account, it won't work at all on my work account, which is set up with Go-daddy. And the web browsing is too slow, and web sites look like like they were written in a font meant only for fleas.Music? What a joke.  There is NO HEADPHONE OUTLET on this phone. Do they expect me to listen to music with the phone on speaker?  I have no idea if it would work with a bluetooth headset, and I really don't care, because I am not going to invest a dime in tricking out this phone.Also, the charger slot looks like an ordinary micro USB connector, but THERE IS NO WAY TO CONNECT THIS PHONE TO YOUR COMPUTER.  So good luck if you want to load your contacts, photos, or music onto this phone.I know that there may be a way to load things via bluetooth, but I tried, and I got nowhere. And, while I am not a tech geek, I haven't had as much frustration with any product I have purchased in at least 10 years.  Unless all you want is a flip phone, don't buy this.

Item received when promised with great results with Tracfone when transferring info, etc to the new updated phone ...Exception; Couldn't get the online website to transfer all my minutes, but their tel service (1-800-867-7183) loaded up my new tracfone with all my old units (minutes); Just make them understand that you want all of them transferred in the one phone sitting (took about 30 mins) .. The "Tracfone Rep' wanted to give 75% to me now, and the other(over 350 mins) would show up on my new phone in three or four days.. I said no way, and he managed to do it all at the same time ..Think because I had so many accumulated, he wanted to split his work , and complete the order later, so beware of this...Probably would have been OK with his way, but because of other phone update experiences with this company in the past, I wanted it all done at once .. ;-)  Thanks and good luck, Hope this helps, and by the way, this LG 440G works great and is a nice cheap way to update to a "G3" if you just want a cell phone with a few "Bells and Whistles"  ....  :-)  RLM

easy and inexpensive to use.  Costs About $7 a month to have this little guy as the phone I keep in my car for emergencies but is great for every day if just using it to call and snap a photo or two.  Doesn't have all the bells and whistles but perfect for my needs.

I had to send the phone back . it died the first day and froze on the logo screen when I did finally get it to come back on.

Easy for me to use; just throw it in my pocket. As a rule, it just stays in the car until family emergencies arise. I do not need to be socially connected with the world at every minute of my life-what a waste of a lifetime! The phone does all I need it to do - not as good a connection on AT&T as one gets on Verizon, but certainly decent.

although we get good coverage in the area we live in. every time we turn on the phone we have a message waiting and it is junk just wasting the min. i don't know how to stop it.

I do not know what all the 1 star reviewers are talking about.Mine works great with not a single flaw and the reception is good. I see no bad in the call quality.If you know how to use a Tracfone then this is a perfect one to choose.

I HAVEN IT YET I DO NOT HOW BUT IT SEAM TO BE A GREAT PHONE AND I WANT TO USE IT MANY PERSON USE IT AND SAY IT IS GREAT

This unit meets my intended needs.  An entry-level cell phone with no contract.  Fantastic price (part of on-line deal).  Normally costs more.  Actually, has more features then expected.  Best being a camera, email & Internet access.  Only disappointment is kind of difficult to get pictures off of phone.  Have to send email or message.  No direct connection (i.e. USB).

How do I count the ways?  I'll start with phone itself (LG440G):- Can't do the most basic things, like indicate when you're in silent(vibrate) mode- For voicemail, doesn't even tell you caller's phone # (!)- Impossible to turn phone on or off without it sounding so the whole room knows- Some calls don't ring at all and go right to voice mail, while others don't even do that - people tell me they called or left messages I never rcv'd- Setting up voicemail a nightmare, no way to know if you've succeeded without calling your phone from another phone- Often poor, indecipherable reception, very embarrassing (What? Repeat that?)As for Tracfone:- Incredibly cheap, e.g. 800#s, EVEN TO TRACFONE Customer Service, are charged to your minutes.  Calling your voicemail costs minutes.  If you switch phones you lose your double or triple minutes.  There are no free minutes for off-peak hours or from other Tracfones, nothing like that.DON'T MAKE MISTAKE I DID.

Purchased as a second phone for emergency use for voice only.  Keyboard is small small and isn't QWERTY.  The phone came with coupons for added minutes that must be added during the activation process or when a monthly or annual minutes card is added.  Be sure and check the areas where the phone will operate.  For example, it will not communicate in many smaller New Mexico areas where my Verizon phone does.  But, it works fine in the areas of intended use.  I turn it off except when I know it may be needed and it holds a charge in this condition for several days.  I have not determined how long it will hold a charge when on but not used.  This phone and an annual minutes card allows me to have a backup phone for less than $10/month.  It fulfills my needs.

I bought this phone because I gave up on my old samsung flip phone that I really hated so much. So I got this. Screen looks good, sound quality is pretty good and loud too. Pictures look great on the screen! Videos play good on the 2 inch lcd screen. The music player is okay. Wish it had a headphone jack but I already have a Coby MP620 mp3 player. The Equalizer is good, the sound is good, but if you have bluetooth headphones, then sound will be better. The calling is good too. The Operating System could be better. Doesn't let you do anything when the battery is almost dead. You can't even play music when the battery is almost dead. Battery life is okay, could be better. Lasts about 8 hours when in use. The camera is okay, the microphone is pretty good but could be better. The samsung battery lasted 7 days. This battery will last about a few days if your not using it. The bluetooth is a plus, so you can put files on there or listen to headphones without using your airtime. I love that! Good phone!

I needed a new cell phone as my old one died.  So I bought this LG440G for about $15 at Walmart.  Maybe it just works better or worse depending on your location.My problems with it so far (in Rhode Island):1.  Goes in and out of service at will.  Makes or receives calls when it feels like it. Was I just spoiled by having a cell phone that always worked?2.  Turned Vibration off, but it seems to vibrate anyway with the ring (when I'm lucky enough to receive the call) and also vibrates once whenever I flip open to answer a call and start talking to the other party.  How do I get vibrate completely off?3. I thought I set up voicemail correctly (followed the prompts).  Then I called from another number to test it.  It did not even light up or ring, but, after 4 "rings" I was put through to voicemail, where I left a vocal test message.  Later on when it felt like it, the phone lit up to show I had received a message but only gave me two options: to "call" or "ignore".  I tested this three times calling from another number and then pressing "call", "ignore, or PWR/END to find the message it was lighting up about.  Each time instead of going to the message it just said "unregistered number."  Then, in going to menu and checking for "messages" there was no record of any message.  Then it would repeatedly tell me I had 2 messages, but I still could not find any.  I would just keep getting "unregistered number."  Did this mean my tracfone was the unregistered number or that the number I called from was the unregistered number? Huh?  I went over setting up the voice mail with the company but they only said I would have to try it again later by pressing "1".  But that's how I had originally set it up.4.  Battery doesn't last long.  It starts with 3 bars, then goes to 2, then suddently goes to 1 and shuts off.  I'm also not sure when the battery is completely charged.5.  I have spent over an hour on the phone with the company with no results, and lost all those minutes.If anyone can answer these queries, please do.  But please don't refer me to the tracfone website as that has not helped.

Very easy to use phone. My wife and I now own one. Very affordable only about $7 per month for us. The only reason I'm not giving a 5 star rating is I saw it advertised for much less than what I paid.

As a starter phone, she has wore it out! Minutes are pretty cheap with the bonus free minutes and she is happy that her phone has a camera.

The phone was on sale for less than $5 at Best Buy last week.  It comes with a TracFone savings book, an activation card, and a service guide.  This pathetic phone has less than 100 MB of RAM available for photos, text, calls, and music.  Why did I buy it?  I am going to use it as a temporary contact phone and it will also be used as an alarm clock.Note:  This phone has to be activated in order to have the proper time sync to the phone.  By default, the year is 2010 and you cannot change it.

Good phone at a good price.  This is my 2nd LG cell phone, bought this one as the other one was older & I wanted to update. Also very happy with Tracfone, have had that service for years.

So we have an extra line on AT&T; that I'm looking to cancel, but keep the number.I knew that prepaid would be the way to do that, just didn't see any phones with plans I really liked.Fast forward to one Sunday in November, after lunch we stop in at Best Buy and I walk past the prepaid phone section like I always do, only to glance and see the LG440G on the shelf, seeing that it's a new phone on Tracfone (who was my prepaid carrier of preference to make this switch) I instantly grabbed it and saw that it was a 3G phone, and works on AT&T;! (something important to have just to get tolerable service from them...)So needless to say I purchased it, porting the number from AT&T; to Tracfone took just a few minutes and was very painless. So the phone at this point is activated, I made a test call and this is where the headaches start... So every word that you hear starts out very quiet then gets very loud, and on top of that if you turn the volume up to something barely usable the speaker starts distorting like the speaker in a fisher price toy. It sounded so horrible, it was very distracting.Thinking that maybe the phone was defective I then went back to Best Buy and exchanged it for another, called Tracfone to transfer phones (for some reason this took much much longer then porting the number in, in the first place!) and low and behold this thing was doing the EXACT SAME thing.On top of it all I started to realize that my signal sucked, even right next to AT&T; towers (I confirmed this thing worked on AT&T; by checking the SIM card, ending in C4 means AT&T;). It was dropping 3G alot, and even had rather dramatic deathgrip issues.So I got fed up, found the Samsung S390G on Amazon for 34 dollars at the time and ordered it. Returned the LG440G back to Best Buy (which they will have trouble returning it because the system tells them if it's been opened, but they in the end CAN take it back as long as it's within 30 days of purchase). As for the Samsung S390G I'm very happy with it, get good cellular signal performance with it and great sound quality compared to the LG440G, can crank it up with NO distortion AT ALL.I don't know if there is a bad batch of LG440G's out there or what, but this was by far the second worst phone I've ever tried to use (only surpassed by a Nokia 1616). I can't recommend this to anyone, and I'm not about to try another one down the road either and then likely have to deal with the hassle of returning it.

Only paid $9.99 for phone and it works quite well.  Speakerphone is not the best quality but adequate.  Wish LG would put a lip on the cover so it would be easier to open one handed.  Holds charge for a long time. Overall very satisfied with the phone.

tracfone said they are NOT AFFILLIATED WITH joycell waited 2 hours to find out. have to send it back

If you just want to talk, this is a great phone with a great price.  It is not the phone you want if you want to watch TV shows or Skype with your mother-in-law.  This phone replaced a lost LG 430G.  I do miss the 430G's ability to completely block unwanted callers.

The LG 440G is a good phone for the price.  Wish I had checked Amazon before heading off to my local box store.  Would have saved close to $10.  The LG is a much better phone than my old Samsung Tracfone.  Nicer display, larger keyboard, better camera, and good cellular coverage.  As a Tracfone customer for about ten years, I've had no problems with the service.  My texting is done on my iPad and I've no need to walk around with a phone glued to my ear, so it's a win-win situation because I'm not tied into a two-year contract. Was very easy to transfer my number, service days and minutes from the Samsung to the LG 400G.  You can do that either by computer or using Tracfone's automated menu.  That took less than 20 minutes.  The only fault I could find is the lousy user's manual provided by Tracfone as it relates to the phone.  Fortunately I was able to find the 60-page user guide for the LG 400G at the website Retrevo.Good battery life on the phone, but be forewarned:  when the battery nears the end of its charge, the phone beeps. Loudly. I learned about that at 4 a.m. one morning.

This cell phone has Bluetooth and a larger display than my LG 660. Sending text messages and emailing pictures is much easier. Also at $9.99 it was a great value.

In this age of &#34;Mensa Phones&#34; - some folks don't NEED all that stuff. We certainly don't we needed a phone for emergency uses and such. This flip phone along with a prepaid card does EVERYTHING that we need it for, for a fraction of the cost of a &#34;Uber Phone&#34;. Heck, the phone along with a years worth of minutes, was probably less than what a monthly charge could be for some people. Don't get me wrong, many people NEED all the bells and whistles. Since we still have a landline, (oh,,,now don't judge - it's a VIOPO based line, so, we are not THAT far into the dark ages! LOL), and since we also don't need the phone, for communications from the house a cell phone would go to waste - why pay for something, that  hardly ever gets used, for most of the month?The TracFone line, also has phones that are &#34;smart phones&#34; and have web based apps and such,,,the TracFone line of products, [to me], is a really GREAT way to save money, and budget for cell phone payments and costs. Children that are getting a phone for the first time, or, teenagers that text till the cows come home, can dig DEEP into a family budget,,,using the TracFone, teaches restraint as well, you can see how many minutes you have used, or have left  - its a great way, to teach younger folks, how to keep the texting and talking down, without unhappy 'surprises' on a bill, that you were not expecting to see that month!

This is a solid dumb phone. For fifteen dollars it's easy to reccommend to those who don't need the latest and greatest.

The phone sounds is low. speaker phone sounds distorted. Volume level low Gary b renner as submitted by me myself

LG 440G, it gets Better Cell Service, Faster Web connect, (:( ;even through the Ocala National Forest hwy.;( no service) Well  I had service, guess it's the right 3G...

I am sorry to say that this phone was not able to be activated for my area.  I had to call Tracfone and have it exchanged for a refurbished phone that would work in my area.  This took an extra week of not having a new phone that could be used.

When I moved to my new home, the cell phone and service that I had for years didn't work in my area.  I REALLY didn't want or need more than the flip phone I was used to, and this was returnable if it didn't work in my area.  It DOES, and a year's service cost the same as two months of my old cell phone.

I really like this phone -- large numbers -- easy to use and set up.TracFone however has been somewhat of a problem.

No Comment, it is a phone. What more can I say? I bought it and it works. It was what I wanted.

I only use cell phones for emergencies and this is the second one of these I have bought (the first one met it's demise in the washing machine). It's not good for surfing the net but I use my PC for that. Good price - good quality - love the double minutes too.

good phone lots of bells and whistles. big screen big buttons. 15 bucks in best buy. so don't pay more than that. camera. voice recording, video recording. 2 games/apps were useless they were too slow to even play. mp3 player. photos. not a bad phone for the money

Great reception in my area. Actually better than Verizon flip phone I had. At one point I needed Verizon's coverage. I save a pile of money  a year buy moving to Tracfone. All I need to a phone for very occasional use and their 10 buck a month plan fits the bill for me. I kick my self for staying with Verizon for so long. I'll save 400 bucks this year.

I had an older Tracfone and wanted to upgrade to another that had bluetooth capabilities for use in my new car. Setup for me was easy. I followed the online instructions and within a short time all my old minutes and service date transferred successfully. Within the hour my phone was activated and ready to use. I then paired it with my car using bluetooth. So, I was very pleasently surprised after having read many bad reviews on upgrading. And, I was able to get this phone for $5 at Best Buy!

Got 2 of these phones through Amazon, are as represented and function correctly. Previously went online with TracFone and entered zip as required, so as to get offered phones compatible with carriers in my area, and got 2 that only  provide telephone and no web service..

great simple phone, for someone like myself whom does not talk on phones very much but likes to still have one around for quick chats and emergencies  it  is great. Only cost me about 6 dollars a month to use. Dropped it a few times without any issues also

Arrived quickly.  Nice phone.  Good for the flip open and time on cover.  Will take photos  and videos.  This included double minutes.Easy to use and set up.  Sound is good.Battery lasts days.  No free games.  Good service and product.

voice quality very poor on calls,mp3 doesn't work at all.I guess one can not expect much from pay as you go cell phones....My mistake..... J.F.Adamo,Sr.

I purchased this as an extra, "backup" phone to my android.  I intended to mainly use it for calling and a few text messages. While the phone is inexpensive and has a lot of features for the price, it is lacking where (to me) it really counts. The audio/sound quality with respect to phone calls is crap.  I have to frequently ask callers to repeat themselves or talk louder (practically shouting).  Not good.

Thank you very much the phone came in very handy, my mother loved it. And it works just great. The phone was perfect for my elderly mother, she uses it on a daily basis and she hasn't had any troubles with out at all. I purchased one for my father a well and it's still great till this day. I highly recommend this Tracfone to anyone.

I  have an LG trac phone and my wife wanted a phone without bells & whistlesand Igot her one like mine. and she loves it

This is a very simple phone to use at a great price. Ordered this for my wife who only wants a phone to call and text. Cheaper than the phone we have from Verizon and works just as well in our area.

Thought I could download music to my phone but turns out to be no-go. No sd card slot so no downloads. Phone works great though. Upgraded  to an LG800G

Nice basic phone, you can text if you want to, none of the bells & whistles of some others, but fine for us.

Hey it works anywhere here in Austin Tx, No drop calls and its clear with no static. Go ahead and buy it.

This phone replaced an LG 420G which is a tad smaller and has a sharper display. The LG 440G has removed the call block feature that I liked on the 420. Other than that it is the same phone with slightly larger display that is not as sharp. I know, what do you want for ten bucks. It does what I want it do, make phone calls.July 27 2013 - This phone takes twice as long to boot and the audio is terrible. I can hardly understand what anyone is saying. I had all of the minutes transferred back to my old 420G and I had this phone disabled. After it is all said and done I would like to have my $20 back.

I recently wanted to upgrade to a 3G phone and replaced my Motorola 2G with this. Excellent choice,, better everything.

I wanted a small flip-phone with a keypad and the LG 440G does the job well.  After using my wife's Motorola Tracfone, I'm not enamored with touchscreen phones and I want the phone to simply answer the call when I open the phone.  The basic functions of voice and text communication work well as does the Contact list.  The learning curve is very short, especially if you've gone through the on-line tutorial to learn what the buttons do and how the menus are organized.  I only briefly tested the internet browser but it seems to work well also.  The LG 440G even works via Bluetooth with the Jeep uConnect handsfree system (which has a reputation of being fussy about phone compatibility).Not much to say in the critical category.  Keep the speakerphone volume at a moderate level or it will distort. One can only expect so much for a phone at this price point but it would be nice if the Contact list and photos could be transferred via USB to/from a computer or, even better, sync up with Windows Live Mail Address Book.  Would also be nice to have a slot for a micro-SD card to expand the memory.All in all, the phone delivers a lot more than I expected so I consider it a very good buy.

Delivery and setup went smoothly and it works just fine. A 3G phone with a so-so camera for around ten bucks. Cannot beat it!I am going to get 2 more as backups for my daughter's smartphones that keep going dead due to battery discharge. These flip phones fit anywhere and can be used to call or text in an emergency. Highly recommend.

I don't like this phone, and will be getting a better one soon. I bought this two months ago, because I needed a cheap phone quickly, and it has been a nightmare. Calls may or may not ring. Sometimes they just go through to voicemail. I've literally been sitting right next to the phone and had the voicemail tone come on when the phone didn't ring. The voicemail has a call back button, but it doesn't work. It just calls the voicemail number. Voicemails do not show as regular calls, so unless they leave you a number, there is no way to call them back. It only works with TMobile, evidently, although Net10 swears they will let you use any service that is available. Verizon is best around here, but it doesn't work with that.There is no SD card, and very little storage, so you have to email your photos to yourself, then download them to your computer. With no SD card and no earphone jack, there is also no MP3 function, which isn't a problem for me, as I have an older phone that I use for an MP3 player, but it would be nice to have so I don't have to carry both phones. There is no USB download/upload function. They say you can download and upload via bluetooth, but I've never been able to get that to work, and customer service is completely unhelpful.The internet function is o.k. - 3G makes it pretty fast to check email, which is all I do with it anyway, because the screen is too small to do anything else.Texting is IMPOSSIBLE because it doesn't have a find word feature or keyboard, so you have to use the keypad to send messages. This is one function I will definitely be looking for in my new phone.I don't recommend this phone. If you only need a phone to make calls, take pictures and use the MP3 function, but don't text, I recommend you buy the 1000 minute card and get the Motorola W408G for free, because it has an SD card slot and earphone jacks, and you can download and upload the pics and music straight from your computer through a USB cable.

as advertised good deal.great phone with 2x minutes. works great. voice dial is cool.i like the flip phones no butt dial like fancier phones

We decided to get my 7 year old son a phone so we could call him while he was out nearby playing with the neighbors and he could call us. This is a great phone for that purpose. It's cheap and small and easy to use. I just programmed the important numbers as speed dials so he just has to flip the phone open and then hold down a number to speed dial. He likes the phone and it sounds just fine (quality wise).If the phone is lost or damaged, then it stinks but it's not a huge loss. It cost me about $50 for the phone and 5 months of airtime.

For my 59th birthday, my wife decided to get me a new phone! My previous/first cellular phone was about 7 years old! After two days with the LG Tracfone 440G, I'm very satisfied! My daughter set it up for me and turned up the volume of the phone and ringtone for me so I can hear incoming calls with ease. Note that I'm not experienced with all these new touch phones so a flip phone like this was great for me. This phone is very simple and I use it simply for calling people while not home or texting. I'd recommend this phone for older people like myself who don't care for those touch gadgets or people who just want to call and text.

This phone contains chemicals that are known to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. Then manual then warns you in bold letters to WASH HANDS AFTER HANDLING.So, besides the SAR level that all cell phones have that the World Health Organization announced as posing a risk for cancer, this phone apparently has another cancer risk and you have to wash your hands after touching it. And you need to keep the phone a minimum of .5 inch from your face.

I purchased this phone as a gift for someone. I have one already & I completely love it !It has a lot of features that a regular free phone does not have. I like the camera feature on it a lot & the colorful screen.This phone has so many features its not funny for the price. It's a great phone. I suggest anyone that wants one of these to make sure they check with there carriers to make sure it's compatible. I did have to return this particular one because it was not compatible with the system I was attempting to activate it on. Though I have one so i can write this review.It is a very nice phone for the price ! i highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a great quality phone with a lot of features.It even has voice dial. Now that's awesome !

This  L440G has blocks to show the amount of charge, but the indicators don't show the charge. I don't know when it needs recharging.

I like flip phones.  No troubles with pocket dialing and locked keypads. Works much better in noisy environments, and allows for more privacy when making or receiving calls. I was able to bluetooth over my contacts list from another LG phone. That saves a lot of work!I installed USB bluetooth adapters on my desktop & laptop PCs. USB bluetooth adapters cost about $10. It's easy to transfer photos, Old Time Radio MP3s and movies or videos to this phone. USB data cables will NOT work, you need to use bluetooth for file transfers.  It has about 100 megs of memory available. That's not a lot, but enough to hold a movie or video and several OTR shows.There are many Old Time Radio Shows and Movies in the public domain, available "FREE" at numerous websites. The variety of shows is amazing. My personal favorites are the sci-fi, mystery, suspense, and detective shows. Many are double plus good! If you've never listened to OTR, you are in for a real treat!I use the built-in speaker & it works well. It also has a landscape setting for watching videos in full screen mode. Videos should be in .3gp format. When you tire of these, just delete and add some new ones.I really like the rugged and solid feel of this phone. I use my cell phone as my camera, and this one takes good photos. I found $1.00 flip phone cases at a local Dollar Tree Store. Case would fit most any flip phone.I've used the LG440g for 6 months now...and I'm happy with it!...Has good phone call quality. I've sent texts and email messages with attached  photos, & all worked well. It's my home phone, no land-line for over 3 years, so I leave it on all the time. Battery life is good. I tried the browser on 3G....works well. Really like the larger screen and keypad...it's a real plus! Love that old time Vintage Telephone Ringtone, sounds like a real telephone when it rings!...lol...I've enjoy texting with this phone...It works well!...Cell Phones are amazing! They are the Swiss Army Knives of the 21st century.$9.99 for this phone is a real deal!...If you want a flip phone...this might be the one for you!Note: (This is a GSM phone with an AT&T; SIM Card.)

I keep my phone in my front pocket sothis flip phone is perfect to protect the dial faceand screen from damage from keys and change.I wish it had a QWERTY touch screen but forthe price, it's great.  I can get my email and lookup things on the Internet for very few minutes.It makes a great affordable Tracfone.  My onlycomplaint is that the receiver lacks clear trebleso it's a little difficult to hear.  There should be atreble boost in the setup menu!  All in all, a verynice phone and it's my first smart phone!

I GOT A GOOD PHONE WITH NO CONTRACT AND I CAN BUY EXTRA AIR TIME ALMOST ANYWHERE IN THE COUNTRY

better than the one i had. works I dunno If i am getting the double minutes ??? I will update upon next addition of minutes .

This was my first cell phone purchase and I am not impressed at all with the performance. It took me several tries to activate the phone, and Tracfone's online customer service was very vague and unhelpful with that.Once I got the phone activated, the main menu screen was okay, but navigating anywhere within the menu is awkward. I had to continually back out to the main screen instead of logically following links and steps in the menu. Buttons are not intuitively placed, either.I managed to set up voicemail, one of the main reasons that I wanted the phone, but the system is very flawed. Calls take over 30 minutes to show up, and then a message pops up, and I can only call the number back without even knowing who it is, or ignoring it, which completely deletes the voicemail without even asking me. So basically voicemail is useless. When I did finally manage to find a voicemail and listen to it (I can't tell you how I did it, though, and once again the tutorials and help on the web site were too vague to include any specific instructions), the beginning of the message was cut off and the sound quality was terrible.I realize that this is a cheap phone and I wasn't expecting all that much, but I think that the basic functions should at least work properly. I won't be buying another LG phone, and probably won't buy another Tracfone either.Not recommended.

Wanted a simple flip phone and tracphone has good service at our home for my wife's samsung. Of course activating the phone and porting over my number from Sprint took many calls and hours on the phone with people in third world countries who can't speak English well enough to communicate with. Finally got a number on line for their support center in Miami, another third world country. This is when I found out that one of the Filipinos who activated my phone with my ported number screwed something up and I would have to wait 5 days for them to send me a new sim card.Finally got it working and I have no service. My wife's phone has 3-4 bars but this thing has 1 going to 0, 0 mostly. It is useless.Not sure I want to invest anymore of my life with this worthless Mexican company.I have a friend who trains carrier pidgeons, I think I might get better service with that.

I like the phone so much more than my previous that did not close. MUCH more user friendly.  However, thedouble minutes did not appear. Was I expected to do something to get them on my phone?

This phone is afforable for the amount of cell phones I lose in a year!  Great sound.  Great price.  Quick charging.

I'm disappointed there is no key to describe all the icons on this phone.  I looked for a manual online, but that doesn't offer information either.  Just what do all those little icons mean? I'm learning slowly but surely.  Voice mail messages are difficult to understand; distorted. This cell phone is for limited use, so it's o.k.

I don't know how the one star brigade can attack this phone. It is every bit the Motorola W376g which it replaced and much more, for less money. Voice clarity is on a par with any cell phone I've ever owned or used. My wife prefers the flip phone style with the no hassle open to answer, close to hang up feature enabled, no worry what is happening inside her purse. The screen is large and bright for a flip phone. The responsiveness of being a 3g phone is also immediately noticed. The external screen for time and call info is also a great feature that was not on the old phone. The buttons are easy to see and use. The textured case makes it easier to hold onto and the overall look is of a much more expensive phone. What's not to like. All things considered four stars plus "one for the money make" five.

I got this to make it easy  for my self to make calls.  The prevphone was not the smart phone that I thought it was and after a time I gave up.

This phone is so nice. it's even got Bluetooth. I love texting with this phone. They've made texting with this phone so simple.  You can't beat this buy.

I bought this phone to replace an old Motorola V170 phone that had a carrier that was not in my area.  This phone has much better reception than my old phone.  It is fine for what I use it for, which is a basic cell phone.Because this phone can only be used with Tracfone, I have to include my Tracfone experience in my rating.  I went to the Tracfone website and chose the option to retain my old phone number and transfer my service to the new phone.  The transfer seemed to go fine, until I noticed that of the 2,200 plus minutes I had on the old phone, only 1,000 transferred to the new phone.  I called support and they tried to tell me that I only had had 1,000 minutes on my old phone,  Fortunately, the old phone was still showing the minutes.  After going back and forth for 45 minutes, they finally agreed to give me an additional 750 minutes.  At this point I was so frustrated that I took it.  After I hung up, I also realized that they did not retain my old phone number.  That wasn't a big deal for me, but I could see it could be very frustrating if you had given your phone number to a lot of people.

My Mom was in the market for a replacement battery for her Trac Fone, when I discovered this.  She got a new battery, a whole new phone, and lifetime double minutes for less than 20 bucks.  I think we paid closer to 10 bucks actually.  Great value.

great phone for the person i gave it to.. Was on time also shipped right away and got to me on time.

The reception is good in adverse places. Not a phone that will impress people but a phone that I can trust to work. The battery life on the unit impresses me some. Like the unit and others in my family got the same phone after seeing this phone.

All I need is a basic phone to carry around just in case I need a make a call here or there and also so when my wife and I go shopping in separate stores, we can keep in touch when one of us is done.  This phone does the job and then some.  Having the camera is  a nice addition but I have hardly used that.The only issue I have had with this phone is that every 4 or 5 months the battery will not seem to stay charged very long.  I figured out quickly that all I needed to do was remove the battery and then re-install it and after that it stays charged for days, as it should. That turned out to be such a minor issue that I will still give this phone 5 stars.  At first I thought I might have to buy a new battery but learned quickly that it was almost the same price a buying a whole new phone!

I like flip phones and this one is a pleasant surprise, it's wide has a big screen and easy to see and use buttons. It feels a bit on the flimsy side because it's made of plastic, but it's light. Has a big screen and a web browser. Highly recommended for people who like a nice wide phone to grasp when they are talking

I use this phone through Net10 (owned by Tracfone, I believe) because I don't use a cell phone much and liked having a prepaid.  My old phone finally broke, and I was so excited to &#34;upgrade&#34; to a better flip phone.  With my prepaid service, I am charged one minute per call per minute, and 1/2 a minute to view a text message.There are so many things I hate about this phone.  The number one thing being that it does not tell me WHO a text message is from until I PAY (using my minutes) to view the message.  I am not able to screen my texts.  At least my old phone showed the phone number and/or name of the person texting me (depending on whether that person was in my contact list).  I had to look up the user manual online (because for some odd reason, the phone didn't have a user manual included) to try and change whatever setting was causing this to happen, but discovered that I am out of luck--it's not a setting.  So when I receive a text, I have to &#34;ignore&#34; it, then go into my inbox to see if it tells me who it's from.  If the person is not in my contact list, it just comes up as &#34;message&#34; or &#34;multimedia message&#34; and I have to take a gamble on whether I want to pay to view the text or not.  Frustrating.Also, the phone receives most text messages as a multimedia message, no matter what the message is or who it's from.  When I open the message to view it, I am charged several minutes for a text from say, my friend, that just says something like, &#34;Thanks for babysitting yesterday&#34; with no media or attachment whatsoever.  So why is it a multimedia message?I've only had this phone a week and I'm already looking for a replacement.

I would have loved to have upgraded my current tracfone to this tracfone, but according to tracfone's lousy customer service, I couldn't.  I purchased this phone, called customer service and was told that I could transfer my minutes and number of my current tracfone over no problem.  I was told this could take up to 2 days.  2 days later, I still had a phone that said "requires activation".  I called customer service back and was on the phone for 178 minutes and STILL do not have a working phone.  The first 73 minutes I was on the phone with customer service and all the rep kept saying was "can you hold for 2 more minutes while my page loads?", over and over and over and over and over for 73 minutes.  Finally I was transfered to his supervisor who said she didn't see what the problem was.  I explained that the new phone still wasn't actived or working.  She had me try several things, enter a bunch of codes, etc etc and finally said it was working (which it was not).  She told me to wait 15 minutes, turn the phone off and back on and all would be good.  I told her I was almost 2 hours into this call, I wasn't hanging up until I had a working phone.  We waited together for 15 minutes turned phone off and back on, still unregistered.....  She transfered me to her supervisor.  She tried all the same things then informed me that I could not transfer my old number to the new phone as it caused an error in their system.  If I wanted a new phone I had to have a new number(this is my 3rd tracfone, and first time I was told I can't keep my number, in the past the transfer went smooth).  I told her I wanted my minutes and number put back on the old phone and she informed me it would take 2 business days(this was Friday night) so it would actually be FOUR days until I had a working phone again.  I asked for HER supervisor and she transfered me and he was nice, promised me he would make sure I had a working phone by tuesday and look into why I had been on the phone for almost 3 hours.  I seriously doubt I will get a working phone, and have every intention of looking at another carrier.  I have had good luck with my last tracfones, but anyone buying any tracfone, be warned they have some of the WORST customer service ever.  And this includes their own website where you will only receive automated responses, an automatic messages telling you to wait 15 min and try again.  Long story short.... good phones, terrible service.  buyer beware!

This was suppose to be a easy phone to use while haying this year.  After 7 phone calls to Tracfone and 3 SIM cards it finally works and all is well.

I love this flip phone! All I wanted was a phone for emergency purposes and what have you kinda deal. I did not want to join the family plan for $30-40 a month cause I really do not have any use for a cell phone, as every family member has one. Prepaid plans sounded fishy to me, so I did some checking around. Went to Walmart and checked their displays and asked a lot of questions.This flip phone caught my eye at $20. All I needed was to buy a prepaid card for minutes with it. With this phone they will double the minutes. In other words, as a trial, I spent $20 for this phone and $20 for a 60 minutes card. The 60 minutes was automatically doubled to 120 minutes plus an additional 10 minutes for a total of 130 minutes. I can even send and receive text messages with it. And the plan would not expire until you use up the minutes or 5 months had passed, whichever came first (for my plan). This phone will show in its screen how many minutes you have left and the number of days remaining. That is a great service! You can always add minutes and increase the number of days in a snap.So, for about $8 a month I have a simple to use phone just in case I have to use it. With this phone I can even call overseas! I bet none of you can do that even with a $1000 cell phone. Calling overseas costs twice the minutes: talk of 10 minutes will cost you 20 minutes airtime. Still, that is a real bargain!Roaming charges prevail. If you go astray from your area code and then make or recieve a call, that will cost you twice the minutes. Just like overseas call, 10 minutes talky will cost you 20 minutes airtime. But then you get those extra double minutes for free whenever you add minutes to this phone.For a starter, I called one person with this phone and text 5 messages, and read 4 messages. I used up less than 2 minutes for all that good stuff. If you want a simple phone that is cheap to boot with all the nooks and crannies needed for basic stuff, this phone with tracfone prepaid cards will do the job. Take it from me. I've carried a cell phone since the late 80s, the heavy duty Arizona Memorial shaped phone and everything in-between. You just cannot beat this LG-440 with prepaid plan!

Simple phone.  If you don't do texting and internet and just want an emergency phone, then this one is for you.  Great sound and Tracfone provides great prices.

Satisfies need with simple basic cell phone not a bad price either like the raised keys at my age hands don't work as in past

I bought from this seller last year and because everything was great then, I sought them out again to buy from.  Not disappointed.  I love the phone!  I had a touch screen the past year...hated it!  I am so glad to go back to a &#34;normal&#34; phone.  Super fast shipping and the best prices will keep me coming back.

Phone seems sturdy, easy to figure out, very inexpensive! Using for emergency backup to my iPhone should need arise... A few challenges with Tracfone customer service getting phone set up but overall a very good deal.

Nice little phone. Has nice options and great video quality can help you out with any task you need done

I use this for a phone only.  Well, maybe a couple of text messages a year.  I will never understand the desire for anyone to send text messages (and don't tell me about the "friend in a meeting" thing).  Charged up the LG440 that I purchased at Walmart; it starts up and shuts down fast, the reception is better than my previous Motorola prepaid phone as is the clarity of the voices of persons I call.  There are many features that I will never use.  I may try to set up the voice activated calling.  For twenty dollars, I'm very satisfied with the phone.

I've used an Lg420g for a couple years, for just the basics, calls & texts. It was fine at first, except I noticed lately I wasn't getting a very good signal at home, which is where I use my phone the most. When looking around online I discovered the 420g is an older 2g phone and felt if I upgraded to 3g the signal might be better.  My $10 bet paid off.I got the Lg440g on Amazon for only $10.00, half what it sells for on the Tracfone site, and am very pleased with the improvement in the signal, particular at home. It's 3g with better reception, only a bit larger than the 420g and has some added features.I noticed another reviewer of the LG440G mentioned there is no Wifi, like is mentioned on the Tracfone site.  That is correct, the Tracfone statement that it is 3g with Wifi is incorrect.  No Wifi.I also noticed Tracfone states the 440G has voice command dialing, which it actually does, but is not mentioned in the phone's tutorial.  If you want to use the voice command dialing, it's in the Tools menu of the phone and does work well.I've noticed a minor glitch with this phone. It buzzes for no reason when I access the voicemail, and buzzes when I place a call, but it's a minor nuisance to put up with for a $10 phone.I gave it 5 stars based on the quality and features of the phone.  I knew about the no Wifi before buying it and didn't care, and the voice command not being mentioned in the tutorial doesn't matter much to me.

I like this handy phone, very user friendly, good sound quality and easy to handle.I commonly use the speaker phone and I am quite happy with its sound quality. The battery lasts for almost two weeks!!The display screen is huge and its nice to see who is calling even when the phone is not in its open position.LG never disappoints.

I bought the Lg 440G flip phone, through Tracfone to upgrade my old one, and then proceeded to get confused about how to transfer pictures I take with the phone to my desk top ( or lap top ).  It cannot be done through USB cable transfer with this model, but it can be done through a Blue tooth connection.I have an older Dell desk top, which is not bluetooth compatible.So I bought a TARGUS  Bluetooth 4.0 Dual-Mode Micro USB adapter ( that also includer a driver Disk )for $25.00 at Staples.  I popped the disk in my computer, followed the instructions, then inserted the micro USB in one of the USB slots. Everything installed properly. NOTE: You need a desk top or Laptop thats new enough to have an optical reader in your disk drive... so if you have an ancient desk top- better check this out first.I was then able to pair my phone with my computer, and then pretty easily transfer a 1.5M .jpg format picture into one of my Picasa folders on my PC.  Hallelujah.... although I don't plan on using my phone for a camera, since it has this feature, I want to be able to do it.  You can also send pics to other people's phones and to facebook - but I do not want to "sync-up" those 2 things to this phone... you may want to though!Now on to Texting.... The phone automatically makes a capital letter after the use of a period.  But if you want capitalize a letter any other time, PRESS * (star in the lower left corner) once - then to press it again to go back to lower case .  Took me a while to figure that out.

if your comparing this to verizon or at&t or even boost dont .apples and oranges but if you want a phone thats a back up this is the one. the thing i really like is the size of the screen and the buttons, they are easy to see and operate, read the manual. the customer service is not great, very on script if you know what i mean. i had a issue with the e mail, the woman had to go off her instructions which she was clearly reading. she was polite and stayed with me to make sure it worked. i ended up with triple minutes, not sure how that happened, im not giving them back. calls are ok not clear but ok, phone seems to have all the bells and whistles. but you get a deduction in minutes if you use them. email works now but again you get deducted for using it, i delete it and reinstall it if i need to its very simple once you know how

I've had three tracfones in the last year and a half, always wanting to try something a little newer and nicer. The first, a Samsung 245g flip phone has a screen just too small to use for anything beyond short and simple texts. Next up was the LG840g. Nice touchscreen operation, but I found the onscreen keyboard a bit awkward, and felt like I needed to carry it a holster rather than my front pocket. The new LG440G is a good compromise.  It is a bit larger, when closed, than the Samsung, but with a considerably larger and sharper screen, making texts and emails much easier to read.  The 3g connection downloads emails fairly quickly so you don't burn a lot of minutes checking messages.  Call quality is fine, and the signal strength is about average, meaning spotty in my home; just something I have to live with, I guess! All in all, I am very happy with my twenty dollar investment.  The phone and the Tracfone prepaid costs fit my needs very well.  I cannot see myself ever returning to a traditional carrier.

First, let me start by saying that I have been a loyal LG user for about 7 years. My first phone was a 200C that served me well for 3 years until I dropped it one time too many. As I do not need all the bells and whistles of a high-end phone, the 200C met my needs and never let me down, so I bought another to replace that one. Last week, my 200C was lost without a trace.  As I was impatient to transfer my services and 200Cs are not sold in big stores anymore, I decided to "upgrade" to the 440...why not? It claimed to have about 10x the features of my 200Cs, for the same low price.Big mistake.  Transferring my Net10 service was a snap. No problems there. My issues are with the phone itself.  First of all, audio quality on calls was terrible.  It sounded like someone shouting from the bottom of a ravine on both ends.  Texting was even worse; I could receive texts just fine, but any attempt to reply was ruined by some crazy auto-fill feature where whatever key I hit, the phone would just insert a random word starting with that letter. No option to just type out my message like a normal phone would.  Frustrating? You bet.  Attempting to browse the internet was no better.  My phone connected just fine. The problem was, I could not enter any text to go to a website, search, whatever. Nothing.Despite being crammed with extra features (mp3 player, camera, games, etc.), LG apparently forgot to include any sort of user manual for them.  Good luck sifting through this technological mess!  There is no way to upload mp3s from your computer (good luck getting online to download any on this phone); there's also nowhere to plug in headphones(?).  I didn't even bother trying the camera feature, as there does not appear to be any way to upload photos to a computer, either (again, good luck uploading anything online with this phone).About the only thing that does work on my 440 is the alarm clock, which is what this phone is going to be used for until I get my replacement in two days...going back to old reliable, the 200C.If you are not tech-savvy or just don't want to have to jump through hoops just to send a text or make a call, do yourself a favor and just get the 200C. MUCH better phone, much better quality.  It may not do much, but unlike the 440, at least it gets the job done right.

Love the phone, very good for the price but do not like not being able to see who sent a message before it is opened

Great phone for the money. Delivered as promised.
