
I bought this phone for my dad since he keeps losing them, review looked good, price was right.  But it's from Mexico (samsung.com/mx on the side of the box) and I couldn't find a way on the phone or online to change the language.  1 star for not saying so in the description.

The product works as expected. It is an inexpensive and reliable phone. Works with TMobile, all contacts from a Nokia phone transferred easily, and reception is good. Not as good as previous Nokia but still very good. The screen size is more than adequate to look at contacts and write SMS. The phone is extremely light and easy to use, even for people with large hands. I wanted a reliable, inexpensive phone with a good screen and am very satisfied with the purchase. Particularly the fact that it was compatible with the T-Mobile carrier.

I can't believe this phone is so light and almost drop it.  It works so great with my sim card.  LOVE it.

I killed my smart phone, so this was bought as a replacement.  I have only has it for 3 weeks, but I have not need to charge it yet.  It is sturdy.  What is does not come with is a SIM card, so you have to have your own.  it has all the basic functions like calculator, calendar, and can hold about 250 contacts.  I hope this helps.

I got this to replace an Alcatel Sparq OT-606A phone that wasn't cutting it as far as signal strength goes.In comparison, this Samsung has excellent signal strength, and gave crystal-clear voice even from within my office, a feat my previous phone couldn't handle.It lacks lots of features common to more expensive phones (USB support, MicroSD card, camera), and there doesn't appear to be an easy way to add custom MP3 ringtones (presumably they expect you to buy and download them rather than load them yourself), but it's a lightweight and very serviceable phone.

Bought this phone late April 2013 for my vacation in Florence, Italy, May 2013. I purchased a Vodafone SIM card, minutes and activation number at the train station in Florence. The phone did not work, so I wasted $25 on the phone and $30 on the Vodafone SIM card.

That is a very good phone when considering price in relation to the features the phone offers.I bought it for my mother who needs only a non-sophisticated phone.I can recommend it to anyone who needs a simple phone with good features.

Bought it for my european SIM card.Works fine in the US.Doesn't work in Europe.Why they don't describe this clear?

I bought 2 of these phones to replace previous aging phones. I didn't need anything high tech just a basic phone to call and text. This was a great buy a little smaller than I expected but my son loves the fm radio capability. I recommend this to anyone needing basic.

Phone is simple and easy to operate.  Just as seller described.  It's taken back to when I first got a cell phone- it was a grey Nokia...very simple phone.  No problems, thank you!

I use my sim and this product is not supporting. Its waste of money. I keep this phone just for nothing

I bought this Telephone.It does not recognize the Sim card.It does not work. it never worked.Do not buy it.

Like it much. Works great. Good for the money. Will recommend.fast shipping. Talking is clear. Very lightweight. Easy to follow.

Worked fine from the get-go but can't figure out if the volume is adjustable. Tried everything, appears not. Occasional user so ok for minimum requirements. can't text :(02/11/2014 UpdateReread the reviews & found out how to adjust the volume. I also called customer serves as suggested (thanks again to MrBigAxe) and can now receive texts :)

I bought and returned this phone because it comes configured in Spanish!!!! The instructions are in English but cover no language issues. I went through two different Samsung tech-support portals and they REFUSED to help me for reasons that made no sense whatsoever. They said it was an international Keystone--as though that absolved them of any responsibility. They recommended (and I am not making this up) that I contact the retailer. If you buy a Samsung product, you better pray you never need any product support.

the phone guy here in bucharest told me that this stuff is not even unlocked. basically ended spending 100euros on phone calls plus money on this stupid phone. i am going to try to return but I have been stuck here. Bad marketing and incorrect info. this place sucks!! real back experience. Have to think twice about using amazon in the future and especially have to rethink using this vendor again.arrghh!!!!

Got it for my husband did not even think about it not having a camera,  for the price I will give it to my 12 year old

THIS IS A VERY SMALL PHONE BUT WORKS VERY WELL. CAN GET LOST IN YOUR POCKET,  IF YOU NEED A PHONE WITHOUT A CAMERA THIS IS THE ONETO GET!

In the past, I have been quite pleased with Samsung Products. I ordered this phone. Upon receiving it, the phone would either not power on or the battery was dead. I left the phone charging over night. The phone would still not power on, nor did the phone give any indication that it was receiving a charge. This was very disappointing considering that this phone advertised a 30 day battery life. Had it worked, or even turned on, this review may have been very different. I returned this product for a full refund and went with a different make and model.

i by for outside this country no one working  hi lost ervrything

It's a very basic. I bought it for my dad who is technologically challenged.  He didn't care for it because the device was so small.  That doesn't mean that it wouldn't work well for someone who is knowledgeable and is in search of something cheap and basic.

This phone is perfect for someone who simply wants a phone.  Despite the bare bones nature of this phone it does have a few cool features (you can set up a fake call to get you out of a meeting, listen to the radio, a total offline profile, etc.)  And the best feature... the battery lasts well over a week between charges.... in fact it lasted over a week right out of the box (I didn't charge it).

I bought this phone to used international by a relative and they are very happy with it; no complain with using it there.

These phones were not unlocked. We bought them to use overseas with the SIM cards here and they recognized the SIM card but would not recognize anything else. Still trying to find a way to return them since we are overseas and don't have easy access to a post office.

good reviews are great and I would like to confirm that myself but its kinda hard to do when your phone is not set in English out of the box, so any ideas out there how to set it to ??English???

Except for maybe the loudness of the ring tone - perfectI liked it so well that I immediately bought another !!!

I was leary about the buy but am just delighted with it. Much more than I thought that it would be!

This phone works well as a very basic phone but has very annoying characteristic.  The phone keys are locked and unlocked by holding down the asterisk key.  The phone can come unlocked easily.  As such, the lock feature is useless so I cannot keep the phone in my pocket where I hear it beep constantly as buttons get depressed.  What is worse is that as soon as the phone becomes unlocked, the light is turned on, draining the battery if I forget to turn it off.  Also, the phone is advertised as having an alarm feature and a calendar feature.  This is misleading because these two features have no overlap.  That means that you cannot set a reminder for a particular date with the calendar.  The calendar just shows you the day of the week!  The alarm feature only allows you to set an alarm within the next 24 hours, but you can set something like a dozen alarms.  However, why you would want to set this many alarms in one 24 hour period?  There is no way to associate an alarm with a text reminder.  Also, the phone has even less memory than my old Nokia phone that was more than 12 years old.  It runs out of memory after a couple dozen text messages.  The Nokia phone was much, much better.  Spend a little more money and get a basic Nokia phone.  You would think that Samsung would have been more careful when they designed this phone because it has there name on it.  However, apparently they did not think it was worth the cost of a thorough engineering design effort.

OK as a long lasting basic phone ONLY if that is what you want... HOWEVER date/time must be manually reset on device every time battery is charged.  Cell provider will not auto update the date/ time to the network as this device does not support this basic function.  This phone not made for the U.S. market but for low level users in India by SAMSUNG.  The phone really needs a flash upgrade to add this basic auto date/time update feature.

It says its an unlock phone but when i inserted sim it's not showing the carrier.I just put in the drawer. May be I have to search for the info how to update this phone for a particular carrier.

I love this phone.  The size is about the length of a credit card, a little bigger.  The width is about an inch, and the depth is prefect for carrying in your pocket.  I don't have any trouble with voice quality.  Battery life is about 7 days with minimal use and 3 days with average use.  I high recommend this phone for a simple and effective device for making calls.

The phone was new in wrapper as described. I needed a phone that was Verizon compatible so when I took it to the Verizon store and they were unable to migrate my service to the phone I was a little disappointed. I retruned the item without any issues which is a plus.

I bought it to but my Saudi Sim while I'm in US but when I receive arabic messages it's came squares

This felt like a toy phone the batter did not charge up at all.  I would advise against ordering it.

It works as expected. I tried it in Asia but looks like it is country specific and did not work

Some of the negative reviews concerned me. There were many positive ones, too. Happy to report that the positives are accurate. And the negatives? Not to worry. I think the negative reviews were outrageously picky. If you want a nice, compact, simple phone, easy to use, holds a charge for days and days, then don't hesitate. It is not meant to be a smart-phone or serve as a camera. Who cares? It is meant as an alternative to those phones. Anyway. Only change request would be to make the charger standard micro-USB - it appears to be a proprietary Samsung connector. So you'll have to carry the charger with you if you travel. Otherwise, I would repeat. And would buy it as a gift without hesitation. Enjoy. One more problem: In May 2014 did not get any signal in UK on UK T-Mobile.

Does not work with all network, cheap built, don't waste your time or money. Would not recommend if you travel a lot.

I bought the device to use during a travel to brazil. I bought a GSM chip in brazil but could not make the phone work with it. Only on my last day (2 weeks later!!) I found out I needed an specific carrier chip (also GSM) to make the phone work. Nowhere in the phone's information there is a warning that it may require a specific company's chip in order to work!!!

Nice little phone, cumbersome menu system but adequate after getting used to it. I did not double-check to make sure it would work in France. Not very helpful specs and info on the seller's description, but my mistake, it does not, one needs a quad frequency GSM phone, not this Dual Band model.

I bought it mainly to use abroad, but it didn't work in Israel with Orange SIM.Not sure what the reason, different bands maybe.

Photos don't represent size well. It is much smaller than expected. However if your looking for a &#34;phone&#34; it serves the purpose.

Worked fine. Super battery life. The only issue was that it came in Spanish language and I had to find a spanish speaking person to change it to English for me.

I bought this unit to replace an older existing cell phone that could not be charged through a USB port. It is a very nice dual band unit that was purchased for use in Europe as well as in the U.S. U.S. usage is fine. Then I took it to Dublin Ireland. ZERO! It did not work in Ireland. Buyer be aware!!! I purchased this phone in December 2012. Took it to the UK in March 2013. Did NOT work in the UK. Company says, Too bad its over 60 days.  We are sorry, you lose.

good phone, just whats needed in a phone. Great battery life. Best deal out there and cheapest phone. Works well with t mobile.

Not a lot thing to discover. However, if you want something to text and call. This little affordable gizmo does the job.

i live in Brazil and imagined purchased a unlocked phone but both are not.it doens't work here. I put many sim cards and nothing. Awful.

I have only had the phone for a few days, but so far so good.  Decent reception and no glitches.  It is definitely limited on features, but I did not expect much more for the price. No camera on the phone, no voice recognition that I have noticed yet.  It did ship in Spanish language mode so I had to change that and the directions were in Spanish also so I had to look up the manual online.  It is very small and lightweight.  Fits in a pocket well.Updated review after a couple months.  The main glitch that is annoying is that when the phone is supposed to be locked and in my pocket it will unlock on the phone "light" will come on which sucks the battery life.  It happens all the time. I can't figure out exactly what causes it.  It is driving me crazy a little bit.  It might just be a setting, but I can't figure it out.  Other than that it works like a basic phone.

great quality for the price. if u just want talk/text, this is the perfect phone. it's small, light, and can be used internationally, if you put the country specific calling card in it.

This is the best cell phone for elders who would just like to have the cell phone functions without being tech savvy.Large and clear letter, Battery last long time.

This phone was NOT unlocked as advertised.  After some frustration I ended up just buying the same phone overseas for half the price (which is normally the case is most 3d world countries).  Do not waste your money.

What I like:Small size, shorter than the knife i carry daily and barely wider.Call clarity is as good as bandwidth allows.Better signal strength than my smartphone (retired HTC Vivid)Amazing battery life (in comparison to retired HTC Vivid)What I Dislike:Can't for the life of me figure out how to make SMS default to storage on the phone, instead of SIM card. Went through every menu on the phone (literally. there's not many, so it wasn't hard). I consider this to be a major overlook in the design of the device.Besides that, phone is good.As an additional note, this phone is durable. I purposefully dropped it on my tiled washroom from stomach height (where one would normally drop it from) to check durability, and it came through just fine.

small, portable, simple, light, handsome.It only support English and Spanish Language.It automatically transforms other language characters into open squares, which are difficult to read.I like it very much.

This little guy gets a great signal in an area my other phone doesn't. Great standby time. I got 6 days on usage my other phone support for only one day. Does not have conventional USB charge connection. Will only charge with its special charger connection.

Tiny lightweight phone with excellent sound quality. Good battery life and excellent construction. Easy to use, good graphics on screen.

This is a crappy little cell phone that just plain works.  It makes and receives calls and text messages.  It's GSM and unlocked, so you can use cheap, pay-as-you-go SIM cards just about anywhere in the world.  For the price, you can't beat it.Pros:  It does the job.It holds a charge for days and has very good talk time, but once the battery indicator goes off of full, it drops pretty quickly.  It insists on notifying you when it's fully charged, which I find annoying, but YMMV.It's small and flat, so it fits in a jeans pocket.The FM radio (really? yes, really) actually works well, but only when the wired earpiece (which is also the antenna) is plugged in.  I don't know when I'd want to use it, but there it is.Cons:  The biggest problem is that there's not a lot of memory for text messages, and if you're out of memory, it will just drop outgoing messages (and drop incoming ones if you're not careful -- you can cancel out of the incoming notification, delete some text messages, then receive the message).It does not have great reception (compared to, say, an iPhone 5), but it generally does the job.Both the earpiece and power cord use proprietary connectors, so if you lose those, you're out of luck.There's no bluetooth, so if you want an earpiece, you're stuck with the wired earpieces that comes with it.If it falls off of the couch, the back flies off and the battery falls out.  Then you have to manually re-set the time, since it doesn't get the time from the cell signals.Summary:  If you're between smart phones, it's a great deal.

My wife and I love this phone!  It has no camera.  No internet.  It is a dumb phone (as opposed to a &#34;smart&#34; phone).  We needed a phone to use when we are away from home, and this is a good little phone.  No BS about it.  Keeps a charge for a very long time.  Good sound.

If you're looking for an inexpensive cell phone to make and receive calls, you can't go wrong with this model. You may have a slight learning curve if you're used to another make phone, but (at least for me) it's no big deal. My service allows me 130 minutes each month for $10, and this phone works with that plan without a problem. Just put the SIM card in place, and turn it on. If you're looking for a cell that takes pictures, lets you surf the web and cooks breakfast too, this isn't the unit for you. If you want a phone that you can easily carry in a pocket or purse and takes care of the basics, you should really consider this one. My old phone required a charge every couple of days, but the battery life on the GT-E1205L appears to be excellent.

Bought this phone for my technologically challenged elderly aunt, she loves it, very easy to use. Great value for price. Great battery life and sounds clear. My aunt ended up loving it so much she canceled her land line.

Fantastic price, and it works quite well.  Yes, it works in the USA, with AT&T.  I have found out that Mexico and USA use the same frequencies.  The Spanish language menu was a puzzle for a little while.  I used the procedure provided by another commenter to switch to English.  One thing you need to know when you first turn it on is you have to press the asterisk key until the keyboard unlocks.  I got stuck on that for awhile because I couldn't read the Spanish message on the screen.  Then I was able to access the menu to switch the language (OK -&#62; configuracion -&#62; 4. Telefono - &#62; 1. Idioma -&#62; English.  The package contains both Spanish and  English language instruction sheets, but they don't tell you how to switch the language.  The fact that it only has 2G seems to not be a problem.  The signal strength meter does not seem to work, but still the reception is fine, and voice communications are very satisfactory.  The battery seems to have good life.  Other people have pointed out a few issues such as pocket dialing and having to manually set the date/time when you first put the battery in.  And sure, it would be nice if it had a standard USB charging port. On the other hand, the price is good, I like the feel of the keyboard, I like the menu system, it has a really handy feature to tell you how many minutes you've used, has a game built into it, and basically it's a likable phone.  I'm glad I bought it.

no nonsense phone.long battery life (even w/o pwr savings mode, lasts about 1 /1 2 wks between charges)charges quicklyno frills phone, serves the purpose.

This phone is not a good GSM phone. I took it with me when I travelled to Africa and it was not able to pick up the GSM network. Beware if traveling with this phone.

it is unlocked and works internationally but it is on and off. Sometimes calls are missed and sometimes the other person is on mute, you cant hear them.

Everytime this falls to the ground the case comes off and battery falls out. Besides for that it's a great phone

Cons:Buttons are difficult to text withT9 dictionary leaves something to be desired.Hard to find &#34;cancel&#34; functionality when sending a text.contact list is difficult to scroll through and adding recipients to text messages is time consuming. my last phone had a &#34;recently used&#34; list which was great.volume control non existantnot too comfortable against earpros:fm radiocheap and sturdynice bright flashlight function!does what I need it to do and has good reception.

Sounds like a great team, because the brand Samsung is excellent quality and has beautiful designs and are very practical.

Bought this for a technology challenged, nonsmartphone loving relative.  The phone is lighter than her old phone, holds a very long charge, and is easy to use.  There is not a whole lot to describe as to the features, since it is pretty much a no frills device, but calls are clear, the radio works well, and the price is right.  The sim card was removed from a very old phone on T-Mobile, inserted in with no problems.

A great little phone that does exactly what I needed: place and receive phone calls. No frills, easy to set up, and I've only had to charge the battery once in two weeks! Perfect!

--------------------------Original review (12/6/13):My cell provider is H2O (which uses the AT&T; network) and I just wanted a basic phone for my unlimited talk / text plan ($30 monthly). My old phone died and this inexpensive Samsung was a perfect replacement.Pros:- Cheap ($20)- Fantastic battery life (1-2 weeks with what I'd consider normal talk/text usage).- Extremely light & durable.- Small (1.75 inches wide, 4.25 inches long, 0.5 inches thick).- Works with any GSM carrier SIM card - I had no problems transferring my existing SIM card.- Volume is excellent (and I even have some hearing loss).- Standard battery charger included in box.- Signal is strong (I'm in the U.S.)- No stress - if I lose or break it, no big deal - it was only $20.- It even has a built-in FM radio.  I'll never use it, but it's a nice feature for those who would.- Simple, but extremely functional for people who just want a simple talk & text phone.Cons:- The phone may be a little smaller than you expect, but this actually worked out well.  It's light and doesn't take up a lot of space.- There is no volume button on the side of the phone.  To adjust, while on a call, simply press the center menu button upward or downward.- No Internet capabilities, but that's not an issue for me.  My life doesn't revolve around 24/7 connectivity.- The phone arrives with Spanish as the default language (I speak English).  This is easily fixed...You can use a Spanish-to-English translator tool (free online).  Or, you can simply follow these steps:Press...1.  MENU (top left button)2.  SETTINGS (bottom right icon)3.  PHONE (2nd item on list)4.  LANGUAGE (first item on list)5.  ENGLISH (2nd item on list)-----------------------Update (1/7/14):I've had the phone for a month now and there have been no problems whatsoever.  If you don't need a SmartPhone, and you're simply looking for a basic talk/text phone that has over a week of battery life, do yourself a favor and purchase this phone.  You won't be disappointed.-----------------------Update (5/13/14):The phone is now 5+ months old and still works like new.  It's by far the best $20 I've spent in a while.

I purchased this phone to use on trips to the Caribbean and South and Central America. The phone works perfectly in those parts of the world. It is very small and very very lightweight. It held a battery charge for four days. I didnt use the radio and other functions. I just wanted a basic phone to use a local sim card in so I could make and receive calls. Texting is a bit difficult compared to modern smartphones but it would not deter me from buying the phone again should the need arise.

It does not work in Ukraine no network coverage nothing, now don't know what to do with it, i think it only works in the states

First, I'd like to help all of you looking for an unlocked phone to use in Europe, China, Ghana, etc. Don't buy this phone. It only supports the GSM 850/1900 frequencies, which are generally only used in the Americas. You will need a quad band phone, or one that specifically states that it supports GSM 900/1800 if you want to use it outside of the Americas. Take a look at the wikipedia article called GSM_frequency_bands for more information on this.I am using this phone on Lycamobile US, a reseller of T-Mobile service. It works great. The reception is very good, even inside buildings, etc. The call quality is excellent, I can hear conversations loud and clear. And the battery life borders on magical, no worries at all about making sure it's always charged up, it seems to go forever without being plugged in. The phone is very small, very light, and appears to be designed to simply be a telephone, and not much more. If you are looking for a device that is just a telephone and not much more, this is a top choice.

I was looking for a cheap phone to test another carriers' coverage in my area with a pre-paid SIM and decided to give this one a try. I haven't got the sim yet so I can't speak to sound quality or reception.  I do think it's important to note that the only connector on this phone is a proprietary samsung connector.  This is for charging as well as the headphones/FM antenna that come with it.  IMO, if you're going to put FM as a feature on anything, it should accept standard headplugs.  And requiring a special charging cable that you can only get from the manufacturer is just plain mean.

I highly discourage you from buying this phone for several reasons:  It is much smaller than indicated, made of plastic and will break when dropped and my phone had spanish that couldn't be removed. I am disappointed with the distributor and Amazon for selling crap like this.  While I understand you get what you pay for but in this case it is debatable. Also, this phone does require a sim card and will not work with all carriers.

I purchased this for wife who lost few cell phones :) I have received the cell phone 2 days before the expected delivery date. Excellent service and nice cute phone for basic calling and texting. Battery life is awesome.. for 2days.

My phone came in quickly and is in great condition. I do have two concerns, however. First, English does not appear to be the phone's first language. When its screen is locked it reads: &#34;long press the * key.&#34; Secondly, the battery does not hold up quite as long as the tech specs stated. It seems to have a charge of about four days. Other than those two things, I couldn't be happier with my purchase.

This is a functional phone that gets good reception and takes a SIM card. For some reason, I could not receive texts that were addressed to multiple people at once, which made it difficult to plan with a group. This could be a software issue or a settings issue.Simple, reliable, excellent battery life. Recommended for anyone who needs a phone but is reluctant to go for the full-on smartphone.

It did not do anything it said it would.  We bought it to use in China and it wouldn't recognize Chinese Sim cards.  A complete waste of money.

I needed a phone until a replace my broken smartphone. This phone is a great cheap option. I inserted my tmobile sim inside and it can call and text no problem. it's very small light weight and the battery so far lasts long

Yes, it says &#34;welcome&#34; in Spanish.  But after that, it's all in Englist.You can't beat it for the price and the coverage is as good as my droid.

The phone is a great size for my husband to carry in his pocket. But, I've bought two and both really lack a good speaker. They both make it very difficult to hear the person he's talking to.

Lightweight, long charge holding, sturdy, very reasonably priced basic phone.Its compatible with T-MobileFor those that mostly just use voice for communication this is an ideal phone.The FM radio will work in speaker mode only if the provided headphone is plugged in.Not a good phone for texting (considering keyboard) or browsingThe dialing tone is sometimes noisy and sounds like static.It comes in Spanish but can be changed to English by navigating the menus and changing the settings. Press MENU (Top left button)->SETTINGS(select bottom right icon)->PHONE(select 2nd item on list)->LANGUAGE( select first item on list)->ENGLISH(select 2nd item on list)For the price better than expected.

Bought this when my T-Mobile phone went through the wash. Very basic, but that's all need. Battery goes several days between charging.  Only critique is it does not pickup current, local time from the network.

If you need cellphone for calling this is exactly what you need. Have a great battery live. I bought it more then week ago and still didn't recharge.

Problem 1: it comes configured in spanish, and that makes it hard to use.problem 2: I purchased this phone for it's mobile tracker option. I cannot find where to enable it on their website so it knows my account that I created on the tracker site relates to a particular phone.There is an SOS feature in the manual but not apparently on the phone.Trying to find this phone and how to make it work on the Samsung website is painful. Almost everywhere that has a pick-list of phones to choose from, does not have this phone in the list. and you can't get past that point.Note to Samsung: if you have lists of devices, either make sure they are up-to-date, or leave a generic option to keep us from getting stuck in your menu system when you screw up the menus.Updated Review:I tried to activate the FindMyMobile option - mobile tracker listed in the product description and can't get it to work. Samsung US tech support says that they think it won't work but to call Hong Kong tech support directly and ask them.So, it works as a phone, but the Mobile Tracker option listed in the product title seems to be incorrect, at least incorrect for USA customers. I purchased this phone specifically since it had tracking since it was going to be a grandson's phone and likely to be lost. The tracker represented a way of finding it easily. Since that won't work here, I'm not really happy...

its ok so far

I am disappointed with the phone.  It has no volume control and is difficult to hear callers, also the ringtones are too soft even on the outdoor mode.  If you don't use the key lock the phone is always on a different number etc.  I knew the phone was inexpensive, but it's really cheap. If you can, spend a few more dollars and get something decent.

I had trouble with a Chinese phone I bought.  In that it doesn't work as a cell phone.  It took me 9 months to figure that out, which shows how often I use a phone (but it did text).  I was broke as usual, so I bought this Samsung for $NZ9 (about $US8) including a free SIM card.  I wrecked the SIM card and it was replaced by the shop - you have to put the outer card in, not the inner SIM section.  I therefore missed out on 5,000 free texts.  Boo hoo.  This Samsung works as advertised.  It makes good clear phone calls, and even has a nice FM radio.  I have an old Samsung which I keep for the Solitaire game, and its charger fits my new phone, so I use that.  The screen might be a bit small, but it keeps the phone compact and I now always have it on me.  I expect to spent no more than $40 on pre pay cell phone calls and texts for the next year, which suits my reduced financial circumstances.  Just press the * button to lock the screen while in the pocket.  Overall, the best $9 I've ever spent!

i broke my old phone and need a quick cheap cell phone as replacement. this phone will do the trick. would rate for 4 stars if it not came in Spanish. the online English manual wasn't help and it was misleading.here how to change Spanish to English: (after turn on phone and after unlock(*)) press OK--&#62;Configuracion--&#62; 4.Telefono--&#62;1. Idioma--&#62;English.Pros:-Price/size-Long battery life up to 1 week.-nice Security system/couple featuresCons:-Spanish as default-No Camera-back panel kinda slippery

it was much smaller than I thought. I had hoped to help some senior citizens get mobile service,  but I'm not sure that can see the screen....

I am about crazy since I bought this cell. It is about a week later and I still don't see the phone. It arrived my city 5 days ago on April 10. I was at home the whole day, no one came to knock my door, but the USPS left a notice that says &#34;No Authorized Recipient Available&#34; in my mail box, which means they know where I live they just don't want to come up to the 6 floor to deliver it. Ok, no problem, then I applied for redelivery for April 14 and I wrote please send it to apt 6A, also if you don't send it to apartment just let me know and I will come down to pick it. It is April 15 today, after I applied for redelivery, the same thing just happened again. no one came and not even one explanation about why they didn't come on the day. The important point is, I got the confirmation email of my redelivery application, so I think they just ignored me. This is the worst online shopping that I have ever experienced.

Wow..  Ok, I probably know why this is so cheap.  It works fine for the simple needs that I have for it.  However, when it is in my pocket, the screen light come on all of the time.  I would trade it in a minute and am even considering giving it away.  If it makes calls in my pocket, it is in the trash as i am using it for a foreign number and one call could cost more than the phone.

I purchased this phone for my 90 year old Mom who does well just to dial a number let alone try to navigate a smart phone.  The phone came to me with a totally dead battery which meant it was used or it set for years before being sold.  I charged it and fired it up and it was in Spanish, just great!  Luckily my son speaks Spanish so I passed it off to him to change the settings.  This proved futile as he said the phone doesn't work anyway.  They probably just sent me a broken phone knowing I wouldn't go through the hoops to send it back anyway.  But I did.  I'm still waiting on my refund and I'd better get it.  I ended up buying her a used Razor, she's happy, I'm not.  Don't buy this phone!

I was surprised when I opened the size of the phone. I was expecting something a little bigger.  Since it is a gift it is ok and I hope it will serve the recepient well.

I loved the product. thank you very much. I arrived in good condition. I'm very happy. take this into account in the upcoming purchases.

My sister bought two of these, one for my mother and one for my father, and got them on Consumer Cellular. It was my job to configure the phones and teach my parents how to use them, which was fairly simple.This phone is a simple unlocked GSM phone, meaning it works with GSM carriers, like T-Mobile, AT&T;, and other carriers that use those networks, like Consumer Cellular. It will NOT work with Sprint, Verizon, or carrier that use their networks. This phone uses a standard size SIM card. You can send/receive calls and text messages. You can not send/receive pictures or videos in messages and you can not surf the internet. It has a few features like FM radio, calculator, timer, and a game or two. The battery lasts for a very long time while on standby.Specifics for use with Consumer Cellular:Put your SIM card in the slot and turn on the phone. You can make calls now, but texting will not work yet. Call Consumer Cellular, preferably from a different phone, and tell them texting does not work on your phone. They will need your phone's IMEI number. To get your IMEI, dial *#06# and it will show on your screen. They will use that information and send you a text to make sure it is working. Now it works.The bottom line is that this is a very inexpensive, very simple unlocked GSM phone that works. Fit and finish is as good as the old Motorola and Samsung phones I used years ago before upgrading to an Android. I give it 5 stars because it does what it is supposed to do and is a good deal for around $20.

Needed something to replace my old Samsung phone that was slowly dying. Just wanted a small, feature phone and this fits the bill perfectly. Small, lightweight, easy to use and make great phone calls.

Phone is a bare bones lo-tech model. Not a "Smart" phone. The title says it supports different ringtones. Actually there is really no way to upload an mp3 ringtone into it. Also you get 2 wallpapers. That's it. Very minimal phone, just for calls and that's it. Very slim and light. Holds a good long charge.

It's cheap, it's unlocked and it works, what else could you ask for from a cell phone that's not a smart phone? I got it as a stand in for when my smartphone broke and I had to fix it and it worked well for the couple days that I needed it for.

Want a cheap burner replacement?  But it.  Want something that offers more than one ringtone and doesn't feel like it's going to fall apart in your hand?  Don't buy it.  You get what you pay for.

Good phone, came on time with all the accesories. So far works great and happy with my purchase. I recommend it

Had issues with connectivity and voice quality at places where my previous phone worked well.Might not recommend to my friends.
