
When I purchased that phone, it said &#34;factory unlocked &#34;but that phone is still locked, and belong to AT&T; provider, and also instead 8GB, has available space just 5.9 GBI was believed to shipper, and sent that phone in Ukraine, paid for shipping to that country $ 50.00, now that phone is not work with any provider's , because it's still lockedI am very upset, with my purchase, I lost time and money,

Everything was good and we're no havint any problem with the phone. So thats good good good really good good

This phone was beautiful, worked well. However it did not work with my carrier, simple mobile. And I was disappointed. However, the sellers were understanding and helped me a lot. They shipped fast, and when I had to return it they took it back and gave me my refund quickly. Great people :) thanks and God bless!

i already had a iphone 4 and loved it. Bragged about it so much that my hubby played around with mine and wanted one too. I bought his off this website and everything went great. It arrived in great condition, everything works perfectly and it arrived exactly when they said it would. Another great experience with amazon..Very happy returning customer

Excelent

Looks and works like a brand new one! No scratches or any other injuries. As described, thank you so much!!

what i received is a good black iphone, and it works well until now. Unclocked, of course. Really like it.

The phone flash does not work and it's 6 GB instead of 8GB. Other than that, no complains. thank you

because the phone came in perfect condition with all accessories, is a smart phone, excellent, easy to operate and really like it.the phone was removed in Liberty Express Venezuela 20/08/2013, from that time began to run until the day 03/10/2013 lit in the morning not far. Waiting for prompt reply thanksOrder # 111-4378860-7109834Apple iPhone 4 (Black) 8GB (Factory Unlocked)Sold by BLUTEKUSA

I greatly appreciate this business. Package was received on time with no problems. Everything was described correctly. There was a few scratches but it was nothing that a case couldn't cover up. This is a business that I could recommend to anyone and I definitely wouldn't mind purchasing other items from here as well. Thanks so much Palm Beach Deals! Another happy customer!

Purchased this iphone for my youngest son's birthday---it came in a timely manner and came in very good/new condition. Everything worked fine and we are very satisfied with the purchase, especially my teenage son!

Good stuff man! It looked like new, got it to work in seconds, no update needed at the time, truly unlocked, more than happy.

My purchased was very good, except for the battery...I think that its duration is not good.Just one day standby is not good for a new cell phone. I don't know if this is normal or not. I purchased 2 iphone4 and both of them have the same problem. one minute in internet means 2% less of power.thanks and please I'll waiting for any response...

Brand new my ass! A.K.A returned A.S.A.P! Scratched up! Chipped up! Never again! Certain of that! Run away people! Trust me!

I am totally satisfied with phone and its features, It was unlocked and works properly. Just one thing that is bad about it is battery life that is very short. The rest is just perfect and it met all my expectations about Apple product. Thanks for good item.Siggesting for buying.

To make any purchase in Amazon is something very serious. Tha's why I personally trust on this enterprise. The main reason I choose this rate is because I feel satisfied with the item I bought. So that, I recommend to deal with Amazon.Alfredo

The iPhone is only unlocked if you're a current or former AT&T customer. I'm not so I now have to return the phone. The product description did not specify.

This company is very professional and has years of experience. I have purchased other &#34;new&#34; phones and always have thousands of problems. Comptel always gives me the best quality and best service. Highly recommend them!

I like it very much except for the battery life. I wish the battery would stay charged longer than just a couple of days.

I thought I loved my iPad!  This does everything my iPad does AND I can call and text people on it and it fits in my pocket.

This was a ridiculous purchase.  The condition was listed as &#34; New &#34;....I guess I should have known better.  Right out of the box I could tell it wasn't &#34; New &#34; because it came packaged with a Non-Apple Charging Unit.  The first thing I noticed was the battery life was terrible, it died overnight.  Secondly, I was on a 30 minute phonecall and started noticing the unit heating up very bad.  Next thing I noticed was the digits started pressing themselves, I thought it was my cheek at first but when I pulled it away from my face the numbers were still being pressed.  Well, it had heated up so much that I had to hang up and put the until down.  Too many issues to bother with.I told my symptoms to a co-worker who repairs iPhones as his second job.The heating up was due to cheap Chinese replacement parts.  There was no heat plate behind the glass to absorb the heat from the backlight which in turn caused it to act funny.Would not buy online again unless I knew it was new.I learned from this. This experience prompted me to go out and buy a brand new iPhone 5c from a non contract phone company.  I'm very happy with it.  It was well worth the $200.00 dollars more that I paid for a new iPhone 5c.  If there is only a $200.00 dollar difference between a brand new phone an a seller on Amazon, do yourself a favor, pay the money and buy new.

I bought This device one month and half ago, but when I received it and took the phone to my country to try go connected it was unsuccessful because the phone did not take the cell phone company never , even thou I took the phone to different places trying to know if there were a way to solve that problem they just can't do any thing 4 the device .. I feel so angry and uncomfortable with this result because this iPhone was suppose to be my father gift, but I could not be.. I had never gave a complaint for anything but in this case I thing that it is necessary ..

I love it ! And it works great!!! Everything that I wanted and hoped for only this is my charger just went out but I ordered a new one

Phone was new in sealed box. Came with United Kingdom wall charger, with USA travel adapter, for use in my country. It is larger than the standard USA wall charger, and not what I expected, but a minor issue. Apple warranty was only for about 9 months, after I checked at the Apple store after buying, not one year like the re-seller said. This phone was fulfilled by Amazon. Check with re-seller (not Amazon) when buying this phone regarding warranty, sealed box, and wall charger type.

Got my product fast and in great condition!! Was a little skeptical going into the purchase but it turned out perfect and saved me a couple hundred bucks!

The phone itself was in great condition upon arrival. I bought used but the advertisement was for FACTORY UNLOCKED. It wasn't and I consider it a fraudulent claim. If you are gonna buy anything from these people just realize you are only paying for the price not the actual condition in which they say it will be

Bien

I brought this phone but its is not a Factory Unlocked as mentioned. Mine was locked to Mexico Carrier, and is definitely NOT a NEW one. I got myself confirmed from the Apple, where they checked the product with serial number and told me that it was expired 198 days ago . So i guess it is a repacked one.So kindly dont go for it .(My product was Sold by BLUTEKUSA)

Product delivered as promised and in very good condition as promised. However, phone functionality is not very good. Drops a lot of call and overall does not work like I thought an iPhone should. Should have stuck with Android.

it works perfectly,.. just a very light scratch on the corner of the top,.. but it still nice and i like it

this product is just wonderful and the price is just great, it works perfectly and you should buy it if you are planning on doing so.

it is for my friend who living in Buthan, it would be very usuful for him and his carreer oo

THIS WAS SUCH A GREAT DEAL AND WELL WORTH THE VALUE. I DID NOT HAVE A PROBLEM WITH GETTING CONNECTED WITH T-MOBILE MY SERVICE PROVIDER AND I AM JUST LOVING THIS PHONE I NOW WISH I BROUGHT THE IPHONE 5

Great purchased

very nice product, everything went well, I recomend for everyone interested in getting an Iphone at a good price range.

The attention was excellent! The phone had everything I expected and more. What I liked the most were the wishes that the seller dedicated a few minutes to write some Christmas wishes to me. It was an amazing experience.

Purchased this iphone for my youngest son's birthday---it came in a timely manner and came in very good/new condition. Everything worked fine and we are very satisfied with the purchase, especially my teenage son!

i bought this phone &#34;brand new&#34; &#34;unlocked&#34;, well it sure was unlocked, but new? , not so much , after 5 months the phone started to have problems with one of the speakers so i went to an apple store because to my knowledge the phone was still under warranty ( 1 year), according to the representative at the apple store, the phone was bought more than a year ago, i was like ohhh no, i have proof that i bought it , and bam, im all cocky getting my receipt from amazon, right away i found it , and they guy is like , you see , this receipt doesnt have the EIN for this cell phone so we can accept it , i was like , im f....ed  now, called amazon,  for the first time in 2 years i had an almost bad experience , LOL because i called twice to ask for a receipt with the EIN on it , the sent it twice to my email, but it was the same receipt i had( no EIN on receipt)  but the third representative, offered me an 80% refund on my purchase which i thought it was awesome because my plan was to get the phone fixed and sell it for $150.00, when i sent the phone, the very next day i received a call from amazon , letting me know that they had received the phone and that they where processing my refund, these guys are awesome, now why to me this was a good deal? , well i wanted the iphone 5 so, i used the money to upgrade.

Nevertheless the power adapter was European type. Also Facetime is not available in this phone. It works ok for the rest, it was new, wrapped, no scratches.

good iPhone 4, 8GB - Factory Unlocked. works good and looks great. with complete box and adapter, headphone. no scratches.All in all. worth to buy. With original clear film.

Initially had trouble getting the service provider's SIM card working at the APPLE store. APPLE tech claimed the problem was that the phone was still &#34;locked&#34; by AT&T. Phone would not unlock for about 48 hours. Other than that, phone was as advertised.

The seller is really lier, the iphone was locked by at&t. I'm sorry buy in Amazon, is my first electronic buy, but is a bad experience, the mobile phone don't work for Movistar in Colombia. Was necessary go to tecnic service for unlock de mobile. I prefer this phone because the seller said that was unlocked. I live in Bogot&aacute;, Colombia, and I can't return the Iphone because is very expensive for me. I paid the taxes in Colombia, 16% more for this article, the process of devolution is impossible.  I really really sad for the lier seller

It's an old model, next iOS 8 won't work on it. But it works properly. Iphone doesn't come with radio.

This is no reflection on the seller. Seller was prompt and item was delivered in 2 days as stated.I might have liked item more if I had used it. The other phone carrier promised things and I did not agree wwith their policies or records, so I went back to my original, older Android phone. No all the Apple are great to eveyones needs. I just prefer the android for ease and size.Tis Apple iPhone was very small.

I like this I phone 4 , because it makes me look more professional , and it is a nice phone !

Totally and completely happy about how my new phone works. Definitely met if not exceeded my expectations!! Delivered on time and was in great condition. Wouldn't get my iPhone any other way.

iphone 4 came unlock, work great with new sim. little scratches on back, Everything work so far,...Phone does have little dent from being drop...it an ok buy since it was fill by Amazon...will buy again

I love my new iphone-4! It has lots of cool applications that help me keep organized in my everyday life.My first experience shopping on Amazon has been great. My phone was shipped in the matter of a few days and arrived here a couple day earlier than I expected!I am happy with my overall service from my new phone and also Amazon and would recommend amazon to buy off of!

Its slow has problems sending pics text and does not have speak text andriod systems are much better. Dont do it

I was skeptical at first to buy refurbished, but this unit is excellent and I would not hesitate to do business with vendor in the future. It was better quality than described. Like an out of box experience, like New!!

It is excellent !  I have ordered a couple more items and I am just as pleased.  I will use your services again.

very good iPhone 4, 8G. works good and looks great. with complete box and adapter, headphone, instructions. no scratches.All in all. worth to buy.

Phone meets description and brand new

Ok, the phone is not new, but it doesn't say anywhere (or at least I did not see) that it is new  So I was aware that I could have found the phone in any condition.  To be honest it is in perfect condition and you could perfectly think that it is new.The thing is that in the description says &#34;Factory Unlocked&#34; but when I tried to use my chip, I realized that the phone was locked.I bought It while I was traveling outside of my home country so when I could try it, It had been two or three months since the purchase so I decided to try to unlock it instead of claiming. I managed to unlock it but the cost was $2,99 to figure out which company was it locket to (it was AT&T; Usa) and $166,14 to unlock it on the web.So, if you buy this item you have to think that you could receive a phone which is locked although the add says factory unlocked.You've been warned.

This unlocked Iphone 4 is exactly what I ordered. So far I am happy with the product. It is brand new as I expected. Shipping took a bit longer than I anticipated. Product was shipped in perfect condition. Amazon was helpful with tracking this order.

Phone arrived in open box without protective plastic on the screen or on the back of the phone. Make me believe that is refurbished or used phone.

I don't recommend this product for the following reasons:1. The iPhone came locked to AT&T; as opposed to be &#34;unlocked&#34;.2. The iPhone came out of warranty (purchased by another party in 2011) instead of being &#34;new&#34;

I like the phone . It works as I expected but It came without charger. I recommend people this phone.

The microphone is not very good, there are some noise when I am calling.  I'm not sure whether the microphone is broken.

Purchase It did not meet a positive outcome.  Had purchased for a missionary - I did not know this iPhone did not have SIM Card.  It's useless for use.  Too expensive to return.  Total waste of money.  Spent over two hundred dollars shipping to her.  I personally did not have the knowledge of the product,  to know this iPhone did not have SIM Card.David  Ray

I buy this product brand new, but the phone has come up with some stripes. No plastic glass and the seller is not specified is refurbished. The phone not working in Latin America, NOT UNLOCKED.

It was bought for my Mother-in-law, and she loves it! So, thumbs up for you.. I thought no one has it in stock, but you did.. I think I'll buy other one for my Mom..

it was a refurbished phone, it's unlocked and works OK. i wish they could be more clear and say the phone is refurbished.

I had screws that were missing to the bottom of my phone to hold it and when I ask for then they said they will ship it but never did that was a month ago

All in all I am very satisfied with my purchase, all though the phone came with an at&t micro sim card already registered in someone elses name. I purchased the phone wanted to be set up with straight talk. I have now had the phone for 1 week and still cant use it because it was already set up with at&t. Hopefully as soon as I resolve this minor issue, I will be up and running. I am however, very satisfied with the shipping, packaging and quality of my purchase.

The celphone is perfect. the warranty is for one year and everithing is OK... well almost.The iphone wasn't unlocked, so I had to pay $25 in order to use it-

I originally bought this unlocked phone to use with my prepaid At&T; account and although I've followed youtube in how to make an AT&T; go phone card be cut into one that's assembled in the iphone tray, it turned out drastically awful. Rather than changing my number completely and just doing this simple task I'm not having to buy a whole new sim card and that's just money I could have invested long ago when I Received my iphone, which i'm currrently unable to use to my disappointment. This product alone however is beautiful, runs like a new phone, and slick to the touch. I'd recommend this seller in using phones but beware---cutting a go phone sim card can be costly when doing it wrong. I advise just getting the new at&t; sim card and getting a new number. It'll save much disappointment and money.BIG THING HERE: The seller sent the product on time and earlier than I expected. It arrived in a package and bubble wrap ( love bubble wrap). There were no scratches, or hints of it ever being used---I've read some reviews and said this wasn't so, but on mine it's brand new. No sim card arrives with it, but there did come a cord with it in order for me to connect it to my computer. Didn't expect this so I'm ecstatic! :D

I received the phone on June 30th. It was new and unlocked, works in Europe.Thank you

I purchased the phone reported in good condition, but there was no tool to open the SIM port.  This clued me into the phone's unannounced defect: the little SIM tray would not open.  At that time I had left for Europe and took the phone to my Apple repair center and they discovered that the phone had been tampered with and included non-original parts.  The official apple center in Hollnad asked for Euro 360 to repair the phone.  I opted out and relying on cheaper options.  Had the seller warned me of the defect, I would have bought it from a different source and could have been using my new iPhone a month ago.

Do not buy this phone from anyone but Apple themselves. The shipping took longer then expected and only aftter an hour of turning it one it stopped working. I call amazon directly after for a refund.

I DO love this thing - and this is from someone who held on to his old clam shell phone for ever.  My only mistake was being cheap and getting the 8 GB version.  I think I would go for more memory next time.

it was in good condition but I am unable to use it for straight talk as advertised....... very unsatisfied custumer

We have heard all of the hype and enjoyed all of the marketing.  We bought this phone because it has a very specific application that benefits music majors & musicians.This phone would have been returned if we had bought it for any other reason.  The ability to connect to the wi-fi network in our home, is horrible.The connection to the phone network is sporadic at best.  Maybe after 5 versions of this phone they will get it at least partly correct, but it won't be on my dime that I find out.The sell was prompt, and got me the phone very quickly.

Fist time having an iPhone not sure if I like it yet one thing I don't like is that it doesn't have the notification light in front blinking to let me know I missed a text or call and it's as small as my old phone but besides those it's Ok

First time purchase iphone in the Amazon. It is function very well. Good choice to buy a iphone online to everyone if you want to save money.

This iPhone 4 unlocked came like a brand new phone. Plug, charging cord, ear buds and a car charger in a brand new box.It came before the estimated time and the service was great. Using iPhone already and love it. Thank you so much. Great company to buy from

Pretty Perfect Condition! So glad.! It came pretty early after I ordered which is fantastic! Had a few scratches but nothing too worry about(:

I thought I was going to get a new phone or at least like new. But I received a used phone with scratches all over. and didn't get box and any other accessories.

Hi I really like my iPhone 4 so far it's everything I expected it to be....Great...it does everything that is stated it would ....I have wanted on for awhile...even tried the Galaxy note ...I like this better...but that's just my feelings...

hi i would like to buy this phone but i just would like to know how would i get it to a straight talk phone i really like straight talk and would like to have this phone forit but how would i get it to work for straight talk ????

The only bad things I could say about this phone are that it has a tiny scratch on the screen (but it's barely noticeable) and the speaker doesn't always work.  It works for important things like phone calls and alarms, but I can't play music or watch videos with sound without using headphones.  Considering what I paid for it and what I would've paid for it new, this is definitely something I can live with.  I was really nervous about buying a used iPhone on the internet, but I'm very happy with this purchase.

I bought it to use it in Argentina and it works great, never a problem. You can use it with the company you want because is unlocked. I recommend this iphone and this provider.

Yes, this item met my expectation. And I really love it. I am also trying to purchase another Apple iPhone 3s GSM unlocked phone from Amazon, I have not find one. Can you help me find one new one now so I can make payment?

This is my first smart phone that I've owned. I love the easy interface! The sleek design was also a turn on for me purchasing this product. It fits perfectly in my hand and the touch screen is very responsive but not overly sensitive. I highly recommend getting a case for it

It took almost half a month to wait for this product. The delivery was 2 days later than the estimated delivery time. That's fine, that's USPS's faulit. The cellphone was put in a cheap and simple box. That's fine, that's a refurnished one. There are some scrashes on the phone. That's fine, I'm not that kind of picky.But I can't tolerate that the cellphone cannot be connected to the wifi!! Thanks for the google, I find the reasons for that! It is not a fully facotory unlocked iPhone! Carrier shown on this iPhone is still AT&T;!!I'm so disappointed with this seller and I wanna return it and ask for my money back!

It is a used phone not a new one I was expecting.

I am fully satisfied with this purchase. Its nice phone. I agree with its rating of Like New. Like new should be like new and not used.

Esta en excelentes condiciones como si fuese nuevo, sin ning&uacute;n detalle. Recomiendo este vendedor, sus art&iacute;culos llegan en el tiempo estimado y son a&uacute;n mejor que lo descrito.

I'm glad whith this product,very easy to use, complete,smart! I recomend to everibodyverY ellegantI'm veryt happy !I recomend the seller

It's a good phone, I'm glad I purchased. has a good price and consistent performance levels to my current needs

These phones were purchased for someone and his girlfriend.They are happy with the phones.They chose this phone for it`s size and function.They wanted a phone to fit comfortably in the pocket.

Completely unlockec new phone. Pretty good though seems a bit slow. But if you consider doing only basic phone functions and chats, then shouldnt face troubles.

This was a great phone and in good condition.  Unfortunately it landed in a pool not too long after purchase, but overall was a great phone to buy.

It excellent I like it so much it's brand new phone we like it so much. We love it thank you

It is a good compromise between 3gs and the more expensive 5 series.Has almost all the features. Good for somebody who pays out of his pocket.

Perfect condition. .arrived before time and works great..couldn't of asked for a better product...I would recommend this to anyone to get

Just it's iPhone classic all of you know.Not anymore. But I think 8GB is not enough to save pictures.

Everything I expected so far except my network doesn't work to well with it not apples fault though so great product.
