
I love the phone it is just the right size and you can do slot witness it. The only thing I didn't like was the charger that came with the phone. It does not plug into a wall socket due to it being round and not square

I foolishly took a samsung s3 update the day of release and now my phone has been bricked. And Sprint said for $600 you can get a new phone!DO NOT UPDATE YOUR PHONE WITH ANY PATCHES FROM SAMSUNG FOR MONTHS UNTIL THEY HAVE FIXED THEIR BUGS

well I am actually getting this product twice, but I just want to say that the person I bought it from was great to replace the defective one that I initially got. Great customer service on that part. Otherwise, it is an overall great phone!

My last cell phone was galaxy s  and I had it since now when I bought the S3. I loved this cell phone, although I miss the galaxy s digital TV. Unlocked I9300 works perfectly in Brazil. As the review is only about the product, for those who didn't decide where to purchase it, I did it with blutekusa. I recommend this seller. Arrived by the scheduled date and I have no complaints.

Was what I expected and more. Extremely satsified. I recommend this phone very highly. Choice of phone was the best decision.

Just about ready to buy this one to replace my old phone, but does anyone know what memory size SD card this particular purchase comes with? if any at all?Considering just buying an SD card on amazon as well.

The phone is in great condition but the battery life is too short but I am not sure what the person use it for because it was a gift.

This is absolutely the greatest phone in the world, nice screen and image quality, excelent perfomance, &#34;the next big thing is already here&#34;.

I loved the phone.. I have Ordered by FGS trading.....Color is Black.. But looks good..Arrived on time.. Still S3 rocks

Perfect phone. I love it. It is unlocked as in the description and the perfect color for me. Nice Price.

Item arrived on time. It was as described. No complaints so far. It has been working pretty well. Giving the seller 5 star. I'll edit my review if something goes wrong (which hopefully won't).

am not a tekie but i really love this phone .....very easy to learn to use , since my last phone lasted me almost 4 years

with 420++ price, this phone is the best one on market, unless if you want to buy 750+ s4. do a lot of thing compare to BB. GPS do better than iphone with its own google maps.

Let me start by saying. I am, by no means, a techy. I am just a fisherman who purchased this phone for emergencies on and off the water. It HAS to be relyable and get good reception. I use to own a S-2 and loved it. But unfortunately, ran it over with my pick-up. However, this one is quickly becoming my favorite. Its not the bells and whistles. &#34; there's those that work.......and there's those who talk about it!&#34; This one works!I cant say much about the shipper. Except that the phone arrived in about 4 days. It came packaged in a nice box along with a USB charger, head phones and a quick start guide. Listed as an International version. I expected to have to change some settings. However, it arrived set in english, and I didnt have to change a thing. It came loaded with Android 4.0, but was soon updated to 4.3. My S-2 struggled around our house on wifi. However this S-3 does not. I get good reception in every room and even out in the yard. I purchased this phone to run on the Straight Talk program. Utilizing AT&T; towers. Even though it is only 3G capable. It is plenty fast enough. Any apps I use, such as fishing and maps, load up smoothly. And the GPS works without a glitch.Short and sweet...........If your looking to up grade. Or just looking for a good solid replacement. You cant go wrong with this one, or the purchase through Amazon. Just DO IT!

The phone is great. as a former user of the ios platform moving to Samsung Galaxy S3 (android)  was a little different but I am enjoying the change and the difference in concept.

Hi, I am planning to buy this phone as a gift for my friend in India. Is this an international version? Will this work fine in India?

I bought this phone in sapphire black since i wanted a color that not every body has.When i turned it on for the first time i went through the setup process and got a 50gb upgrade on dropbox.I follow the upgrades of s3 and knew that the current android os for i9300 international was 4.1.2, to my surprise it came with the latest os.for those who follow the tech details it came with UBEMA1

Great phone.  Clear and easy to use. Not too big and not too small. Purchased it unlocked and was easy to set up with my service provider.

it is fast, touch screen is response well, all app works fine, and ease to handle, the color and shape are great, thanks.

I like the larger screen.This phone is a solid portable computer with a fast processor. Battery life is good lasts an entire day (12 hours) with a lot phone and internet use.It came with many apps and gadgets that I removed, installing only what I need which probably has helped with battery life between charges.The phone came preset in French but it's not a big deal changing to the language of your preference.The Phone uses a very small card/chip. It also has a port for a compact digital card, I installed a 64 GB  which provided ample room for my music. And for anything else I download or photos I take with the phone camera.Although I've never being a fan of phone cameras, the camera of this phone takes great photos.It also comes with a travel adaptor, it comes very handy when traveling to countries with either 110 or 220V current.I'm using this phone in South America.In conclusion, the phone works for me and I'm very happy with it.Sent from my iPadBottom line, I'm very happy with this  phone.

nice to hold and starting to use it.a little to fast on touching the screengood performancerecommend it.

The item was delivered on time and in perfect condition.It met my expectations. It did everything it was supposed to do. I have no regrets about this product.

I like the cell because is faster and my first smartphone.They cell have a lot of funcionalities and a beautiful view screen

Very good phone. It seems to be original, the camera is terrific, keypad very smooth. I used to have a Blackberry only because the BBM but right now you can have it in your Android. Works perfectly in Venezuela with Movistar.

Muy buenooo todo perfecto excelente Telefono nunca habia tenido android este es mi primer android se lo recomiendo niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee eeeeee

hello, my question is.I want use this phone "Samsung Galaxy S lll I9300 Unlocked GSM Phone with 4.8" HD Super AMOLED Screen, 8MP Camera, Android OS 4.0, A-GPS and Wi-Fi - Sapphire Black" in Venezuela operator Movistar???. any problem?i like this color sapphire black. but this description no say "international version".i need use in venezuela. thanks and sorry for my bad english

Just the best. Now I can stay connected all the day and do my personal tasks without need a computer. Couldn't be better.

I buy it for a family member that lives in Venezuela. Simply excellent product working at Venezuela cell carriers as well in the US with a different SIM Card. Rapid delivery, Excellent.

I ordered and received this phone about 2 weeks ago. I did inspect the box and there were no tears or anything so I knew it was brand new. For those who were wondering if this phone has the SDS (Sudden Death Syndrome) chip on it, it doesn't. It was one of my main concerns when buying this phone. After checking it using the eMMC Brickbug Check app, it read it as a sane chip which means it's fine. So far everything about the phone is great and I don't regret anything about it.

I have more than 3 weeks with the S3 and is working really well, the shipment was fast on the time that I chose. it was a good deal.

The phone is great as far as features but be sure that you know that this is NOT a US phone and can not be registered with Samsung USA.  It is an international phone hence the model number I9300.  Aside form that, the only downside to the phone itself is the battery life.  I have yet to get 1 full day on a fully charged battery.  I have seen some setting tweaks that may help somewhat.  Keep extra power cords everywhere.

The cell phone met all expectations, both for its quality and its value. I highly recommend it to all the amazon community in Venezuela and United States. I grant the highest rating.

I love this cellphone. I 've already used it about 15 days and I haven't experienced any problem, not even with my service provider here in Venezuela

I have had this phone for 5 months now.  It is basically a good phone, except for the fact that the battery has poor capacity. I have to recharge it after every 4 hours of use. Also because it is an international version, it is not supported by Samsung of America. You may have hard time having it to sync with the phone system in your car or with your computer.  Don't even think about turning to the seller for assistance.  They have the worst customer service I have ever seen.  This seller is very discourteous, and will flat out decline to help you. They have no business  selling their product in the US.  I give the phone 4 stars, and the seller 1 star, thus an average of 2.5 stars.

la calificacion se la merece porque el producto lleno mis expectativas, llego en buen estado no me gusto el tiempo de espera

Overall quite satisfied with the SIII.Note that this version is not 4G LTE capable - and I knew that when I purchased it, so no complaints there.There IS an annoying tendency for the light sensor to act strangely when the phone is held away from your face. So - for example - if you have called up the keypad DURING a call, and are trying to navigate an automatic directory using the keypad, and if you have to touch any of the leftmost keys, the screen tends to blank out and the keyboard disappear. This requires some patience! I've heard of this from other owners, so I don't think it's just me...Other than that - and a desire to have the default menus configured somewhat differently (so that the Settings app is on the central screen) - I have no complaints. And I have no doubt that - when I decide to spend the time - I'll have no trouble moving around the default screen configuration.Satisfied overall.

phone arrived at the time stated . I like all the features that this phone has. I am not dissapointed with my choice.

Great smartphone! Lots of options and it works perfect, awesome screen and I recomend it if you don't like Apple products!

This phone is truly a smartphone.  Just left the BB world and have no intentions of going back.  I love all the features of this phone and user friendly.  If this is so great can't wait for the S4 to take over.

Produto maravilhoso!Eu tinha um Iphone 4 e no me arrependo de ter trocado. O Galaxy S3 &eacute; muito bom!Senti um pouco de dificuldade para me acostumar como o sistema android, mas nada  que uns 3 dia de uso no resolvam. Provavelmente o meu pr&oacute;ximo ser&aacute; um S4, vamos ver se a Apple surpreende!Wonderful product!I had an Iphone 4 and I do not regret having exchanged. The Galaxy S3 is very good!I felt a bit of trouble getting used to how the android system, but nothing that a 3 day usage does not resolve. Probably my next will be a S4, let's see if Apple surprises!

I continue to say the same thing over and over and over again; that is: &#34;Please send me an unbroken, English Language, unlocked Samsung Galaxy S III I9300 phone&#34;. I've said this four times and I'm disgusted with this transaction. Please help me to obtain a good phone. You cannot possibly understand how disgusted I am with this entire transaction. It's the end of December and I started trying to get a satisfactory phone in November.A VERY UNHAPPY CUSTOMER,Ray Dorsett

This phone beats anything apple ever made hands down.  Also great seller for an unlocked phone. Just swapped my old sim and I was up and running.

got it on time. Its working perfectly so far. The language is french but it is easy to change. The phone is amazing.

Super r&aacute;pido, funciona con cualquier operadora en Venezuela, con 3g de digitel vuela! (Maracaibo). De la entrega todo correcto llego en dos d&iacute;as!

I have a Samsung Galaxy SIII and a Nexus 4; the SIII has many interesting features; but, the Nexus 4 has their head wrapped around practical requirements.  Hopefully, Samsung will see that and update some of the software.

It is a good telephone.  met my expectations. I recommend it. It could be better if the battery charge  could last longer

El telefono llego sin novedades... es un excelente articulo... super novedoso y simplemente sensacional... excelente atencion, los recomiendo, gente muy responsable

No doubts this is one of the best products in the market, you can do EVERYTHING! and it works in Per&uacute; :D

I am a Samsung fan and will always love it. I was just sceptical about the international phones because I am working in Afghanistan and was afraid that it won't work. I immediately put in the AWCC sim card and it works perfectly. Even the GPRS works with a minor setting change ( No 3G  where I am at). The phone started in French but was easy to change threw the settings menu. (Standard settings menu for all Samsung Phones).Received my phone within 4 days from the supplier. Supper treatment from a supper Company. Thank you again!!!

Everything the Galaxy S IV is, except gigantic.  Lightweight and slim; great camera and screen resolution; fast as lightening and because it's there's a newer version, you can pick this up for a song..... I'm singing!

the phone is awesome, its very fast and responsive as you've probably seen on some youtube video reviews. it was a huge upgrade from my iphone 3g which rans out of juice for being on standby for 12 hours. this phone's battery lasts much longer. im a very heavy user so i still charge daily. anyways, i ordered the black one and the front is not really black, it a very dark blue and it glitters but its only noticable under the sun or under a very bright light but that didn't really made me dislike my phone. no problems with it so far. i had this phone a month ago. goodluck with yours guys.

Just as shown in the ad. Came with all parts and a screen protector.  Very happy with my phone. thanks!

This is not Galaxy SIII but Galaxy SIII &#34;GT&#34; model with reduced capabilities  It has lower processor, memory and other capabilities.  To add to the insult there is no 4G LTE.It is SHOCKING that they have not described that this is not a really SAMSUNG Galaxy SIII.  I bought and returned the phone.  This kind of false advertising puts the credibility of the merchant and Amazon.com in question.

I have T-Mobile and want to upgrade to a Galaxy S III international phone.  However the "Not all carrier features may be supported" warning concerns me.  For instance, I pair my wifi-only iPad to my current MyTouch 4G phone so wifi hotspot is critical for me.  Will this phone support T-Mobile's wifi hotspot?

Wow. There is nothing but good to say about this Amazon experience. The price ($450) for an unlocked international version was fantastic! The black sapphire color can only be gotten by purchasing the international version, and if you were hesitating to do so for any reason, hesitate no longer. I live in Germany where gsm is king, but I actually purchased this and mailed it to Baltimore ahead of my trip there, and actually bought two (one for my daughter and one for me). We adopted a no-contract plan from Tmobile, loaded the sim, and life hasbeen grand since.Everything... Everything... about this phone is phenomenal... Speed, screen, camera, battery,.... nothing is negative. I upgraded from a wonderful phone (Motorola Atrix) with skepticism about the size being too large, the feel being too awkward, and operating system being too foreign. Wrong on all 3 counts. I left my Atrix alone for 2 weeks, and upon returning to try the Atrix after working with the S3, I could never go back. The feel of the S3 in the hand is very natural, the operating system is very very user friendly, and the screen clarity and adjustable fonts keeps me away from my laptop unless I have an intensely long typing requirement.I had been tempted to lean toward an iPhone 5 instead, but thankfully I resisted that temptation. Screen size, compatibility with existing peripherals, expandable memory (I added a 32GB micro SD for only $20 more... also bought on Amazon) and ability to access and share data on the S3 make it easy to see why everyone is shying away from the iPhone and selecting the S3.Add to this the fact I had both phones delivered in only 3 days, and I am now enjoying both phones now back in Germany with the same great performance on networks here makes me all the more happy about my purchase.So

This is a incredible cell phone. The size and quality of its screen is the principal advantage os its similar from Apple.I trully recommend this one and looking forward for what Samsung is preparing for the S4.

This S Galaxy S3 is my second smartphone from Samsung (the first one was an very good Galaxy Ace Plus), and I'm really impressed about its color, performance and touchscreen dimensions.At first glance, I had a few issues about Warranty, Software Update and Battery peformance. There was a quick and good responses from the seller. I'm satisfied with that. Currently, I work in South America and my S3 runs very fast at EDGE850/HSPA+850 Network.If any issue about your S3 performance, I recommend at first, contact the seller; he has a excellent Customer service that will does everything to resolve it.

The phone has a very poor sound quality.  I always have to use a headset to enable me hear what the other party is saying

All over with features are good. Only the product was made in China instead we were expecting made in South Korea. Rest all is fine.

Bought this phone back in April, have been using it for the last 6 months. I love this phone.Only problem I had, was this phone needed a mini sim. My HTC EVO had the larger sim. Went over to my carrier and they activated a new sim for me.

muy buen producto, funciona perfecto en venezuelA el envio bastante rapido la caja sellada con sus presintos originales samsung, recomendado.

the only thing to be aware of is that everything appears in either french or german as soon as you start the mobile..I was concerned that the OS was ICS - but to my pleasant surprise, Jelly bean was already installed.

Original article works wonders my wife was very happy with her gift, i9300 international version released for all operators buy with confidence

I just want to say I love this phone. I had been waiting for it a long time ago and now I have got it on my hand and it is awesome.

Lo compre para un regalo, asi que lo tuve solo pocas horas para revisarlo. es extraordinario. muy fluido y gran capacidad de procesamiento. Es, se ve y se siente grande. la calidad de todo es muy buena, otro punto para Samsung.

I consider to buy this product as alternative to my blackberry, I have all my information stored  in outlook (Contacts, dates and notes), using the Blackberry Desktop Sofware was easy,  I use to do that without any problem, so always had updated my info on both devices (PC and phone), after I install the Samsung  Sync software (Samsung KIES)  I noticed that I couldn&iexcl;t sync the notes, and after sync the contacts and the dates, I noticed the contacts was duplicated on the phone,  same contact  twice, un time with all the info and another  time with only the email  after resetting my phone, and uninstalling the kies I was able to sync only the dates and contact without any problem, but my notes!  Definitely was not able to sync, that's why I giving it only 3 stars, because the notes are very improtan for my personal life and job.

This is my first smart phone and it's a huge improvement over my basic Tracfone.Being it is an international phone (mine was made in Vietnam) it has no direct US warranty.Don't bother trying to register this phone with Samsung USAYou will have to go through the seller if your phone develops a  problem.Knock on wood (I know, it's bad luck to believe in superstitions), mine has been without fault.The charger that came with the phone was a European one (2 round plugs) and an adapter for the USA, bulkybut gets the job done.There is a ton of apps on Google Play Store. Be careful of permissions requirements.I am using Straight Talk (~$50/mo) for unlimited Voice/text and 2 GB of data.If you're looking for (on Amazon):extra batteries with charger: B00GHDLR4Cscreen protector: B00AGA6FLCCharge/data cables: B00J10IFMUcase: B008D4XBIIstereo earbuds with microphone: B00B70VJ6G

un producto autentico y que funciona excelente en venezuela recomendadoel envio fue verdaderamente rapido precio muy rentable con la competencia

Love the functionality, but phone sometimes moves slow. A reboot solves this, however. Battery does not last long enough, even with little use.

solkid performance, great color, shiny colors on screen, very fast, super clear voice, always quality by samsung. a little pricey

excellent phone, i have dropped several times, and it is in perfect condition, it's pretty fast and comfortable , i recommend it

This mobile is amazing! At a first glance I was stoned by the amoled screen and camera.Definitely it worths every dollar spent.

Almost everything about Galaxy SIII is perfect! The battery could last longer, and Portuguese language for &#34;S Voice&#34; should be avaiable

after a month it started appearing the message ' cmera failed ' , and it never worked again ! Attempted to fix it at Samsung here in the US but they say it is not a US phone. WTF ! I bought it at Amazon.com, had it delivered to me at Orlando, FL .. Now that i spent almost 500 us dolars, can't use my phone ....

The GS3 is a good phone,  responsive, has fast HSPA service.  The battery lasts 10-14 hours which is fantastic.  The only flaw I see isthr beveled edges linking the top of the phone to the back cover. I do not like this design.

I like the product, the shipping was fast, the only issue was that it comes with the European AC adapter, so I must buy a converter, not a big deal

this product is actually a samsung sgh-i747 model which is for att and not the international version which is GT-i9300

This was a gift to my husband. So far it has been great. Fast and reliable. His fav. is the high resolution camera and video functions.

The phone is fantastic in every possible way except the duration of the battery. I really don't text or message much, and just by occasionally checking messages and calls the battery is half frained by the middle of the day. Samsung should really consider selling a higher capacity battery and it would be the cats meow.

The phone works awesome, and the customer support was really good and helpful. Only a small feedback, it would be great if  the description indicated that this is the AT&T version of the S3.

Excelente. Soy de Venezuela. El tel&eacute;fono viene en su caja, todo Nuevo, todos sus manuales accesorios. es europeo y trae su adpatador del enchufe. Me gust&oacute;. Le compr&egrave; a ShopebestExcellent. I'm from Venezuela. The phone comes in box, all new, all hand tools. is European and brings her reducer plug. I liked.bought SHOPEBEST

The description isn't SIII I9300 this phone is the version SGH-I747.Esta versi&oacute;n no sirvi&oacute; en ECUADOR. Doesn't work on Equator.

Demasiado bueno este telefono, creo que el blackberry z10 se queda super peque&ntilde;o ante este telefono y el iphone 5 es un sistema operativo cerrado me quedo con mi Samsung Galaxy s3 super bueno, Compra seguro Venezuela super mejor que comprarlo en bsf

The android-powered Samsung Galaxy S III deserves Unlimited Nationwide 4G Data. Now you can stay connected and share unlimited videos and pictures faster and easier than ever  4G network.

Great deal, arrived on time and in perfect conditions! Nothing to complain. 100% guaranteed. Beem using the phone a lot lately and it's great. The best out there!

The phone workes flawlessly upon arrival and was in excellent condition. It also came with two cases and a screen protector. I'm super satisfied

Todo excelente. Muy muy buen vendedor. Excelente equipo.  Lo compre para usarlo en Venezuela y sirve perfectamente!  El vendedor es muy eficiente y responsable!

The best phone I ever had!Fast, sleek and elegant.Only recommend purchasing a protection for itAnd the best price!

This is a nice phone.  I received it in a timely manner.  The only problem is the phone arrived with the owner's manual totally in spanish.  Also, the cord provided has a plug used  Europe or South America.

I purchased this phone looking at the specification. However, the actual delivered phone model is Samsung Galaxy S III GT I9300 which is different from Samsung Galaxy S lll I9300. The GT - I9300 has low system configuration such as lower RAM and no 4G support.

the phone sensational, sensational roles, only small problem that did not charged the battery and when it is charging, take over 24 hrs to get 50% charge load, i change the charger for a LG charger and  problem solved, it take around 4 hrs to get full charge.Samsung should be made responsable for these factory's problem and that the only  impact are their credibility and reliability of its products.

Phone came with the screen broken and was in a really bad condition, i asked for my money back and im still waiting for an answer!!! Dont watste your money like i did!!!!

telefono funciona muy bien en venezuela! recomendada esta empresa a t o d a p r u e b a

Was skeptical about buying this phone. Thought it would have been a fake phone, but it wasn't , it's an amazing product, the phone arrived without any scratch on it. Great service

I bought this phone a month ago, I'm pretty satisfied with the new design. I believe I'm not that lucky it shutdown by itself 3 weeks later and I had to remove the battery and restarted it to make it work again. I sent a message to customer service asked for a replacement, and gave me a full refund. I think this is a responsible seller even I'm not that lucky got a defective phone, however I like the way they handle it, so I would still give this product a 5 star.

Arrived not reset and had been configured for French and Miscellaneous other things had been customized already. Also, even though this is unlocked, it will not work with American networks normally... I was not aware of this until now. Data connection never goes above "Edge" data. Network connection is always roaming as well. I am going back to my good and trustworthy LG Nexus 4.

Excellent. Good buy would recommend. The product arrived with no defects. The phone is great. Before there were phones made &#8203;&#8203;purchases and sold them as new and were refurbished. This phone is excellent.

I have large hands I like the larger screen, many new features that I enjoy.  It's the international version, will plug won't be used until I travel to Europe.  Samsung had English manual from Samsung that I put on dropbox.  Will be comparing picture quality with my Samsung tablet soon.  Was surprised how easily contacts were added to phone from old phone memory card.  I like all three of my Samsung devices. Go Amazon phone came in sealed box. Luv the phone.

very good phone. Works fine in Venezuela and no problem so far. but you have to be carefull with the screen because many people had told me stories about the fragile that it is.

Didn't realize that this model doesn't have LTE and 2GBs of ram. That model is the I9305. But, the device worked really well!

Great phone super fast, fast shipping overall happy customer. Only problem is not on a 3g or 4g network waiting for t moblie to upgrade its software.
