
I hate this phone.  Buying it was the worst decision I ever made.  It's ridiculously complex just to make a simple phone call.  It is not intuitive, and it's not easy to hold.  Buy an iPhone instead!

love it, no complaints, got it for $.01. No problem getting my existing verizon service and number switched. Do it online

It's easy to get bogged down in the critical, so let me start off by saying that this is, overall, a wonderful phone.Jelly Bean is a wonderful OS. The fact that Moto doesn't add much to it is a testament to Google's influence. And that is a good thing, in my book.The major plusses - call quality, talk and data signal strength, the speed with which you can move through screens and apps - it really is a good device.I am coming to this device from an HTC Thunderbolt and a Razr Maxx HD (that fell victim to a horrible accident). When they say that this phone is the most compact Android device with a 4.3-inch screen, that's not just PR hype. This is a very thin, light (though well-constructed), phone. Coming from the above devices, I found myself thinking the phone was TOO thin and TOO light. I have big hands and I kept feeling like the phone was going to shoot out of my hands, but after putting a case on it, I no longer have any problems.I only have three negatives (other than the above about the size and heft of the device - and I think that's personal preference). The first is the LED. I am used to it glowing when it's plugged in, and according to the manual, it's supposed to do so. Mine doesn't. In fact, the only time the LED flashes is when I get a text or email, and it wasn't even doing that at first. Aftermarket LED apps didn't do any good, either. I assume it's just my device being wonky, but I have read where others have had different issues.Second, and I think is an issue across the board with Jelly Bean, is the difficulty in making an MP3 your ringtone or notification sound. Used to be able to do this simply through your default media player. Now you have to download an app to make this happen (and there are apps that make this a very simple process). It just shouldn't be that hard. I think this should be a built-in function.Last - I'm having a hell of a time keeping the phone connected to my computer when I attempt to transfer media to the phone. Whenever I drag and drop files over, it's hit or miss as to whether they'll actually copy. Often I get an error saying something along the lines of "the device has stopped working." This happens whether or not I'm attempting to transfer to the SD card or internal memory, whether or not I'm connected as an Media Device or "camera," regarless of what iteration of USB port I'm connected to (1.0, 2.0 or 3.0), and on various versions of Windown (Vista, 7 and 8). I'm sure there's a simple something I'm not doing or some bug that needs to be found. I just haven't yet found it.Overall, though, this is a great phone, and the fact that I was able to get it for a penny on contract was too good a deal to pass up.

I cannot sing enough praises about this beautiful little device. My boyfriend has had the Droid Razr for about 7 months and I have been extremely jealous of all of his internet browsing capabilities for a long time. I was stuck with a Samsung Exhibit 4G for a while from a useless wireless provider in Cincinnati, Ohio called Cincinnati Bell. The provider sent me a text message to inform me that 80% of my data usage has to be done in Cincinnati or Dayton areas. Well, that's kind of hard for me being a college student living 3 hours away from home. So, I dropped their "service" and switched to Verizon.Best decision ever made. Verizon is a wonderful provider, as many know already. But this review is about the Droid Razr M, which I will try to stay focused on.I have had quite a bit of experience with the Droid Razr, because it is the phone my boyfriend has, and now that I have the Razr M, we can both see some very clear improvements:* Edge- to-Edge screen* Less wide, more hand/pocket friendly size* Lightening fast Jelly Bean operating system* Only $50 with a new two-year plan with Verizon* Long battery lifeI can run on a single charge all day. I would say that I am on my phone more often than my boyfriend is on his phone and yet here it is at 10:20pm and my phone has 40% battery life while his Droid Razr is nearly dead. (Both woke up around 9am)I like that the main three icons (back, home, recent apps) are now a part of the main ever-changing touch screen. There is now no menu icon, but sometimes you will see a ... icon to the right of the recent app icon, which comes and goes as needed. Sometimes the "back" icon changes to a down-arrow when the keyboard is up to allow you to hide the keyboard.I like the "circles" widget that comes with the operating system, which allows you to see the Current date, time, set your alarm, view the weather, and view your battery.There is a Quick Settings option when you are on the homescreen and you swipe your finger from left to right. This screen is so useful because now I can access commonly sought after items in the settings like ringtone on/off, Wifi, Bluetooth, GPS, Mobile Data, and airplane mode. It it is a screen that is very like a swtichboard which allows you to turn these things off and on as needed.Anyways, all in all, there are lots of things to love about this fine phone and its fine operating system. I love it and if you are on your phone often, this one is great for you because it has 1GB RAM and can pretty much take any amount of app usage you want to throw at it without crashing. \

In one sentence, all I can say about this phone is that its the best cheap smartphone hands down.PROS:- Great battery life. You should have at least 50% on normal usage after one day.- 4G LTE- Small form factor, with a big screen- High quality build. The kevlar is great, and the metal siding is also very strong. There is plastic, glossy material on the camera area, but surprisingly after a month, there isn't even a scratch (no case on it too!).- Micro SD Card adds up to 32GB storage- Decent screen. Not HD like the other Razrs, but the vibrancy of the color balances out the slight pixelation you see.- Quick settings menu. A great addition to the standard Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0.4- Will be upgraded to Jelly Bean 4.2 in less than 2 months. Promised by Google to be upgraded before the year ends.- Speaker is pretty good- Circles widget. Probably my favorite widget all time, and only the new Motorola phones have it- Great home screen. You start with only one page instead of five, which I find much better. I only have two pages on mine.- Google Now coming soon- Fast Snapdragon S4 processor. Same one as the Samsung Galaxy S III's- It's a phone that actually looks different than all the others. I don't know of any other phone that looks like this.- Big screen at 4.3". Not a huge screen, but its better than the iPhone 5's 4".- On screen buttons. I found the hardware buttons frustrating since I would hit them by accident. Glad they moved away from them! And these on screen buttons disappear while watching videos/movies.- Great call quality- Smart ActionsCONS:- Occasional lag, but it doesn't get in the way of what you're doing- Once in awhile the data won't come on in low connection areas, while they do on other phones- Camera isn't great. In the dark, the pictures come out weird. My original Razr took better pictures than my Razr M.Overall, its a great phone and I would highly recommend to anyone that doesn't want to spend $200-$300 on a phone!

I got my phone October of 2012 about a week or so after the phone was released. It was a huge mistake and I am never buying a product so soon after its release date again. Besides the huge issue of not enough internal storage I absolutely adore my phone. It is small enough to fit into the palm of my hand and works very smoothly. About a month or so after I got the phone a message popped up saying I was running out of internal storage space. I got an micro SD card soon after and didn't think anything of it...until the message wouldn't go away. I read online about my issue more and realized that apps are not able to be copied onto the micro SD card, which was a huge issue. I programmed my phone to put all new music on the SD card but it wouldn't do that for some reason so I stopped buying songs on my phone all together. I brought it into the Verizon store and the guy looked at me and said "You probably have too many apps", and walked away. Not only was that not true but extremely rude.  I am now down to using only the apps i use every day and the annoying apps that came with the phone pre-installed that I do not use at all. From my research I gather that this is the first Droid phone that prevents app copying to SD card and will now do plenty of research before buying a new phone. Overall this phone is really great for a first time smart phone owner like myself but not for someone who uses a lot of storage space. I would have given this product 5 stars if it weren't for the storage problem.

The phone was unusable and had to return. Not in the working condition that was suppose to be in. Not impressed

This is my first smartphone, and it's pretty good overall. However, I'm very disappointed that I'm not allow to transfer my apps to my external SD card. I've read that this is as designed by Motorola to defeat hackers.  I'm quickly running out of memory mainly due to my apps! A secondary effect of this problem is that I have too much data on the phone for the free Motorola backup, and have to move up to a paid backup plan.I would have bought a different phone if I had known about all this in advance.(P.S. - I also unhappy about uninstallable crapware that comes with the phone and consumes memory.)

I got this phone because of its trim size 4 glte capability and good battery life for its size. Function wise it is still excellent. For its first two months the battery would last at least 2 days with average usage (some browser time, a lot of txt and some voice, few videos). Then suddendly after 2 months it will not hold charge for even a single day even with most of the phones features turned off. For my first two months I never even considered taking a wall charger to work. Now it is a necessity. Verizon the carrier and the Kiosk where I bought it are only good for providing usless advice on settings. I am still pursuing a warannty remedy.

I've had Motorola phones since the first razr flip phone, so I didn't hesitate to go with another when I chose this one.The screen does look good, the build on it is strong, battery life is decent, the signal is weak compared to the iphone 4S on the same network (and this is with no cover on the phone), but the terrible part for me is the w-fi.Since new, on the first phone before trading it in for a refurbished one twice, and then on the subsequent phones, the wi-fi has been terrible at holding on to a network signal. This is not just one router, this is any time I've ever used the wi-fi. Even at home it has a terrible time holding onto the wi-fi signal despite the laptop and other phones in the house have no problem at all. For this reason I wouldn't recommend this phone.The other major flaw for me was the headset speaker. It blew and buzzed which is the reason for the second time I traded it in for a replacement under the warranty I purchased. Overall I'm very unsatisfied and will be terminating my cell phone contract and I will cell this phone for something better and more reliable.

Less than 90 days on phone. Battery burned up inside & was forced to take a refurb from Verizon. Not happy with that at all. Was told by Verizon that they have had a rash of battery issues with the Razr M.Positive side, phone is lightweight, worked well.

This phone is a bargain, at just $100. It has all the bells and whistles including the high end Gorilla Glass(TM). I have no complaints about performance, compatibility with apps or call quality. The only problem I have is that its battery is just not good. I get maybe 6 hours before it is &lt;15%. That is with just moderate texts, calls and emails. I surf The Chive app maybe 30 min a day, but that's about it. It generally takes 4-6 hours for it to charge back up to 100%, which is a bummer. I had a Motorola Photon from sprint before this, and liked it enough to stick with Motorola again, but the photon charged faster and lasted longer.The phone is a good purchase, just be warned that the battery will be terrible for a gamer or app maniac, so keep a charger with you at all times.Regards,Matt

The Razr M has very poor 4G reception, will often drop to 3G. I tried 3 of them. Many internet posts about this.  Also, 4.3" screen is effectively 4" because Android buttons are now part of the screen.

I upgraded to this phone because it didn't take much to butt dial someone with my old phone and there were no settings on it to customize how to make a call.  The Motorola M ended up having some annoying problems of its own, so I wouldn't call it an improvement.  First off, I am always over-scheduled and have to rely on alarms to tell me where to be at what time.  Much of my day consists of administering medications to sick and injured animals on time.  I was hoping the alarm that comes with the Motorola M would fill that need.  Instead I had problems with the alarm either not going off at all, or going off and not being able to turn it off without powering down.  These issues always seemed to happen after I charged the phone, so I got into the habit of powering it down and up again when charging to avoid the alarm bugs.  What gets me is that I told the Verizon salesman that the alarm was the most important part of the phone for me, so it had to be reliable.  Apparently, he wasn't aware of this common problem with Motorola Ms.Next the flashing green notification light started going haywire.  Despite me checking my messages, I couldn't turn it off without powering down and powering up again.  Nothing more annoying than having a flashing light in your face telling you there are messages when there are not.  At this point nothing fixes it.  The light just flashes all the time, which makes me ignore it and makes me miss incoming texts and phone calls.Also, despite buying the anti-glare screen covers, I cannot see the screen at all if I am in direct or indirect sunlight.  When I get a call, I have to run indoors to unlock the phone and answer the call.  By then it has gone to voice mail.  I can take the lock off, but then I'll be back to the butt dialing problem.  What I'd like is a phone that can be answered by pushing hard buttons on the side in a specific order, not just one button that can be easily pushed by the pressure of rubbing up against something in a purse or by the pressure of bending over when it is attached to my belt, and a phone that doesn't require you to be able to see the screen to connect with an incoming call.

This phone is suffering from all the same Android 4.x problems as the other razr phones.  For starters, try to do the voice command text function from Android 4 to send a text message from your imported client list from your old phone.  (Example: hit the mic icon in the upper right of the screen.  Then say: "send message to John Smith - meet me for lunch") This is the function that Verizon brags about that you can do in the their video on this phone.  The person at the Verizon store couldn't make it work.  I promise you, I haven't found a Razr M running ICS that can do this yet!  It will send you to a Google web search every time.  It appears that ICS voice/search commands don't play well with Motorola's imported client list from your old phone.  Verizon is in complete denial about this.  When I called Verizon tech support and spoke to a level 2 tech, they told me just to take it back to the store and get something else!  Some fix that is!Yeah, overall, it's a great phone.  But, it won't perform as advertised if you are a seasoned smart phone user.  The problem is ICS compatibility with the Motorola phone.

Great phone! The processor is so fast and camera quality is amazing and very clear. I recommend this phone to anyone. Multitasking is great, Chrome is amazing, graphics and screen resolution are amazing and the colors are very bright.Wi-Fi works great, and having 4G is the best.Everything about this phone is amazing.

I&#8217;ve had this phone for about 8 months now and at first, I loved it. It was fast, cute, and ran all the apps I wanted it to. Then, just a few months ago, I noticed that it started lagging on several things &#8211; my music starting skipping (I thought that only happened on CD and old-fashioned record players), my apps took way too long to load, and most importantly, I couldn&#8217;t get to my phone screen and text messages as quickly as I used to. So I thought okay, all I have to do is clean up my phone so I removed all the unused apps, pictures, music, etc. from the internal memory and SD card. Nope, it didn&#8217;t help and my phone is now slower than ever. I haven&#8217;t tried giving it a factory reboot yet but that may be what I have to do.Another thing I noticed is that it gets hot for some inexplicable reason, as if it&#8217;s running tons of apps at once. Even when I manually shut down everything and delete apps, it still gets hot and it drains my battery life. Sigh. That reboot is looking more and more appealing&#8230;

I've had this phone for about 2 weeks & like it so far. I'm coming from a Samsung Galaxy S that was running Froyo. That phone came with an earlier version of Android but I rooted it to get the later version & get rid of Verizon bloatware including Bing as the default search engine.There are so many cool things to like about this phone & Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean). It has a higher resolution screen than my old phone - 540x960 vs 480x800. Even with the higher res, the phone is smaller, about 1/8" in each dimension. The thickness is the same, but tapers to a bit thinner than the Samsung. The RAZR M has the same resolution & screen size as some other current Moto phones, but with less bezel. I like having a smaller phone. I liked the RAZR MAXX for its battery life & 540x960 res, but it was just too big. The ratio of thickness to height & width made it seem too thin like I'd probably break the screen at a huge expense to replace. Insurance costs upfront or monthly  typically has a $100 deductible. Both the RAZR M & MAXX were the same price ($0), so that wasn't a consideration.The weak point of this phone is the camera. The Samsung was 5 megapixels & this one is 8, but the image is not as good as what I was used to. Shadow ares show lots of noise. It has problems doing macro shots where the Samsung focused closely.I considered the Samsung Galaxy S III, but like the RAZR MAXX, the size turned me off.There are some great features of Jelly Bean that really make using the phone better than Froyo. There's a recent apps button that brings up all of your recently opened apps. Chrome also has something similar to tabs on a desktop browser that lets you keep many web pages open & switch among them.The phone came with Ice Cream Sandwich & was updated to Jelly Bean a few days later. This update removed the ability to hook the phone up to a PC via USB (UMS) to add & remove files from the phone's memory. That was a stupid move on the part of Google. Furthermore Motorola tech support didn't even have that issue in their knowledge base & I wasted over 2 hours on the phone & resetting it to factory specs. I've found AirDroid to connect via Wifi & access the files on the phone, but it's not as seamless or fast as just using a USB cable. Shame on you Google.They also removed Speed Dialing. It was halfway there in Ice Cream Sandwich - you could set up speed dials, but they didn't work. So they removed the halfway implemented feature from Jelly Bean. Some Moto (Google now) rep online said they found that speed dials weren't used very much. We've has speed dials since cordless phones with touch tone buttons. There's a workaround widget called Direct Dial, but it's not as elegant.I recommend getting this phone.

I've had this phone for 3 days now and love it!  My previous phone was a Droid X, which was a great phone, but the new Razr M has the same screen size, way faster,  is smaller overall, and lighter.  I was looking at the other Razr phones and the Samsung S3, but they where all too big for my taste.  When I saw the M I knew this was what I was looking for.  Big screen in a small light package that fits in your pocket with ease.  For reference it is the same physical size as the new iPhone 5, but with a touch bigger screen and much smaller price tag.I think the screen is crisp, bright, and clear, despite what I have read in other reviews, and I don't see any pixelation.  Battery life has been amazing.  I'm currently at 47 hrs since recharge and still at 35%.  This is with heavy use still setting up apps, ringtones, etc, and about 1 hour of talk time.  I'm thinking 3 days will be possible once I get to more normal usage and less playing with my new gadget.Super fast.  Dual core 1.5GHz snapdragon CPU with 1 gig RAM means it will run apps with ease.  I am amazed at how quick it is compared to my old phone which wasn't exactly a slouch.If your used to ICS OS then this phone will feel very familiar to you.  Coming from GB OS on my X was a learning curve, but I'm really looking forward to the new Jelly Bean OS that is supposed to be available shortly.I had to give up my unlimited data plan (or pay full retail price to keep it), but I don't think this will be a problem.  I'm using less network data than my old phone thanks to the "Smart Actions" that can be set up.  It automatically switches to Wifi when GPS tells the phone that I am at home or office.  Nice!About the only negative that I think of is the location of the power button.  It's just above the volume up button and I have already hit it twice while trying to turn up the volume.  I'll get used to it in time.In short if your looking for a feather lite, powerful, and quick smartphone with a nice size display, but don't want a big bulky lump, then this is the phone for you.

Coming from a droid incredible I was waiting to see what the iphone 5 had to offer. Still thinking its behind other phones a little bit, I decided to research and liked what I saw and read about this phone. I too have no need for a larger screen and think this is perfect size. Its light and thin and has a nice color screen.I use a verizon 4G jetpack card for my internet at home. I live 5 miles in the country. The card pulls 4 bars of 4G consistantly. My macbook moves fast. This phone however maybe hits 1 bar in 4G and spends 90% of the time in 3G mode. Not cool. I have read on a few droid forums where a weak 4G signal is an issue with this phone. Im not sure if this can be fixed with an update or not. Needs addressed by motorola. Also still cant figure out how to get music from my SD card to my phone for ringtones. Was super simple with my incredible. Im sure theres and answer but I havent found it. I will play with it a few more days a give it a chance. Still a possibility I might return it before my 14 days is up. My first iphone possibly awaits.

I have no idea why everyone is saying this phone has no memory, I'm a teenager, heavy use every day, I have twitter, facbook, instagram, games, Pandora, all the good stuff, and I still have 2gb left... as long as you put a class 4 SD card in, you will be fine, because even though it doesn't allow you to switch apps to the SD card, you can still save music and videos on the SD card.Also, the phone has a very good user interface, pretty decent battery life, and a pretty good screen.Over all, amazing phone.

RECOMMENDED!I've owned a lot of phones over the last 15 years. So far this is my favorite.The latest skin by Motorola is quick, smooth, and substantially less intrusive than previous Motoblur skins. I love the quick access settings menu, and that I can create unlimited application screens.Battery life is great! Individual results will vary, but so long as you don't have a million services running in the background, you should go a full day on a charge. Some friends of mine aren't so lucky with older RAZR models. They had to buy extended batteries, or keep a charger with them.Having mentioned batteries; you can't open this model. That is, the battery is sealed inside the phone. You do have easy access to the SIM and MicroSD card slots.The best feature in my opinion is the Motorola Smart Actions application (included on the phone). It's like a slimmed down version of the "Tasker" app. Smart Actions allow monitoring of simple conditions to manage battery life, messages, profiles, or locations. For example, IF I'm at home, and its after 10pm, and the phone hasn't been picked up in 10 minutes, THEN turn off the ringer, disable WiFi and Mobile Data, and auto reply to incoming text messages. It's really handy.The screen is AMOLED and quite beautiful. Since each pixel generates light individually, black is OFF and thus truly black. There is no back light.I've been using the phone for about four months and I've had no problems. The local Verizon 4G LTE network gives me a blazing 21 Mbps download (faster than my home internet!), and gets great signal.The only downside is the camera. It takes O.K. photos. The photos seem a little fuzzy (like someone painted them) under high zoom. The HDR mode does take nice photos in low light, and the macro capabilities are decent. The new panoramic feature in Android 4.1+ is less than great. Very rarely do the photos stitch together well, and usually the blurriness is horrible.Data access priority is a bit of a pet peeve. If WiFi and Mobile Data are both turned on, the phone will prioritize access via the WiFi. If you enter a building or area with free WiFi access, the phone will connect automatically. The issue I find annoying is often these free access networks require you to accept terms of service (TOS) via a redirected web page before the network grants you access to the internet. So you ARE connected to the WiFi hotspot, but not the internet. If for example you quickly try and comparison shop a product on Amazon, you get a network error (this happens a lot when you aren't aware there's free WiFi). You either have to load the browser and accept the WiFi hotspot TOS, or shut off WiFi. Kind of annoying- especially since most free hotspots don't remember you when you return a few days later and you need to repeat the process. Not really a problem with the phone specifically. In my opinion if the phone doesn't detect internet access on the WiFi connection, it should automatically switch to the Mobile Data connection. I shouldn't have to force it to switch. It's an unnecessary step. In fairness, this may be by design to assist users using too much data on their data plans.Also, if you're thinking of a case, I find this one to work well. It doesn't bulk out the phone, and includes a secure belt clip:Verizon OEM Shell Belt Clip Holster Combo Case and Kick Stand for VZW Motorola Droid Razr M XT907 RAZRM XT 907 by VerizonAnd if you're looking for a ridiculously overbuilt, industrial car window mount, try this:RAM Mount Universal X-Grip Holder Twist Lock Suction Cup MountIn all I am very happy with this phone. I've had several other Android phones, this is by far the best performer. I would recommend this phone to friends and family.

Very nice phone. Just the right size and works well in all respects that matter to me (I really am not interested in making a major motion picture with this phone). My only disappointment is that I expected longer battery life based upon reviews I read before making my purchase decision.

I first bought the Samsung Galaxy S3, while my wife got an Iphone 5. I found the size of the Samsung unwieldy, and the battery life atrocious. I couldn't get through the day without plugging it in, and I'm not a heavy telephone user. I also couldn't work it well with just a thumb while driving...the Sammy is a 2-handed phone. Finally, the Samsung had trouble connecting to wifi in some areas where the Iphone 5 had no problem. For these reasons, I returned it.The RAZR M is just the opposite. Yesterday, I unplugged the phone at 9am. I had Bluetooth and Wifi on all day. I live in a bad service area, with 2 bars of 3G or 1 bar of 4G, and it seems to oscillate between the two, and this is exactly what is supposed to be a major battery drain. I made a couple calls over BT and downloaded and listened to several podcasts via wifi. Also installed a couple apps. When I went to plug it in at 9pm, the battery was still at 75%. That is simply amazing.In addition, the phone is much easier to carry in a pocket and hold in the hand than the Samsung...basically the same size as the Iphone 5. Working it one-handed is no problem...seems to be the perfect size. The case also seems much better-built and stronger than on the Sammy or the Iphone (the Iphone is known to scratch).The RAZR M has the same 1.5 GHz processor as the Sammy, but only 1GB of RAM instead of the Sammy's 2GB. I run a lot of apps and didn't notice any difference in performance. Tests show the Iphone 5 to be the fastest on the market right now, but I honestly don't see any difference in performance between my wife's Iphone 5 and either the Sammy or the RAZR M.At 960x540, the screen resolution on the RAZR M isn't as good as the Sammy's 1280 x 720 or the Iphone's 1136 x 640, but I don't watch videos on my phone and didn't really notice the difference. If you really need a big screen, go for the new RAZR HD and HD MAXX. These have the Sammy's big screen, but with the rest of the features of the RAZR and RAZR M, including the outstanding battery life.For you world travelers, the RAZR M is global-ready, like the Iphone5...buy a SIM card when you get to the new country and replace the Verizon one.You might think the 8GB max. internal storage might be a problem...especially since, as with the Sammy, you can't offload apps to the microSD card. Surprise! I have a LOT of apps. I loaded them all and they only took less than 1GB of internal storage, so it wasn't really a limitation after all. In addition, you can still put all your photos, videos, etc. on the SD card.About my only complaint is that the white RAZR M has a black foreground around the screen, inside the white case. Result: If you put a black case around it, you no longer have a white phone (unless the case is white, obviously). The Iphone and the Samsung white models look sharp with a different-color case against the white foreground...there is no such contrast with the white RAZR M.Overall, this is easily the best phone I've owned, and I'm happy to recommend it to you. Best of all, it is AT LEAST $100 cheaper than the Iphone 5 or the Galaxy S3.

I bought this phone back in December if 2012 and have had nothing but problems with the reception of the phone on both WiFi and Data.  Living in Colorado Springs, we have LTE over the entire city and my families other phones are on 4G most of the time, but not the Razr M, it spends most of its time in 3G or even 1X!  Voice calls are good and the operation of the phone is decent.  But the minute you need to do anything with data it fails miserably.  Verizon changed out my phone with a RAZR HD which is a similar phone but has a slightly different antennae which so far seems to be working far better than the RAZR M.  Batter life is good as well.  GPS has a little trouble connecting from time to time, but that seems consistent with most phones.

What I like:- ICS (Android 4.0.4) much more intuitive than GB (2.3.4)- Build quality is outstanding- speed of software is FAST!- Notification LED (so many other newer phones no longer have this)- ability to disable most of the bloatware- battery life is very goodWhat I DON'T like:- 4G connectivity (or lack thereof), bar for bar, is less than some other 4G's- power button too close to the volume rockerAll things considered, I still think it's the phone I'll be keeping (for 2 years) until the next upgrade.  Coming from a Moto DX, this is a HUGE improvement.Cheers q{_}*{_}p------------------UPDATE-1: 1 H-U-G-E problem SOLVED: "- power button too close to the volume rocker"I purchased the High Gloss Silicone Cover from Verizon Wireless [...]...more on that later...the BEST part is that there's recess for the power button and raised area for the volume rocker, which virtually eliminates the inadvertent (and annoying) power off and/or screen blanks I was experiencing.FYI, the cover is definitely HIGH GLOSS, fits very well, and feels just like a TPU case rather than silicone. As I constantly slide my phone in and out of my front pocket, I need something that slides easy and doesn't collect lint. As case selections are pretty limited now, this is the best option I've found. The case comes in 4 colors, and, if you log in with your VZW ID, you may find a $5.00 discount on this (like I did).I'm changing my rating from 3 to 4 stars just because of this. Once the 3G/4G switching issue is resolved, I'll add the 5th star.

I upgraded to this from a Droid X2, and other than the raping Verizon put on my butt with their 4G data "plan" (PLAN to pay a h@ll of a lot more!!)I've been very pleased with the upgrade. At first I thought the phone seemed kind of flimsy compared to the X2, which was a tank. But now that I've had a chance to break this in, I must say it is a lot tougher than it looks thanks to the gorilla glass and Kevlar case.I use this in a lot of areas that are out in the sticks, and except when I am in the deepest, darkest jungles of South Carolina, I always have enough signal to get out a call or stream in some Pandora. The sound on this phone is head and shoulders better than the X2. It still suffers a touch from Motorola's penchant to overemphasize the high end. But at least it doesn't sound shrill  and tinny like the X2 did. It is quite listenable even with flat equalization. A little tweaking can make it sound great on a good sound system. I'd suggest springing for a 32G micro SD card, you'll likely be loading up your library to this thing very quickly. When I did mine, I found that the micro USB connection was pretty fast with my Class 10 card, which was a pleasant surprise. I filled the card up in no time.A highlight is the fine display on this phone. It's not quite full HD, but streaming Netflix programs I couldn't really notice the difference.  One caveat I found about this phone is the lack of an HDMI port. But then in the years I had the X2 I think maybe I used it twice, so I can't even justify taking a half star off for that. Colors are very vibrant under normal lighting conditions. It is tough to see the display in very strong sunlight, though. Not really irritating enough to dock a star, but it can be troublesome if you are trying to navigate somewhere with the GPS. And so far the GPS has been flawless. I can't say the same about previous Motorola products I've owned, where the chip had a nasty tendency to cook itself to death.The main camera on the phone is pretty decent and will do a fine job for day to day picture taking. If you are some kind of artiste, you might find some minor faults in the color representation, but I hardly think the average joe like me is going to notice anyway. Haven't played with the front facing camera yet, so can't comment there.The phone did not come with Android 4.1 (it came with 4.0) but as soon as I activated it, 4.1 was immediately downloaded without a hitch. I was pleasantly surprised that a lot of older apps still run without a hitch, although one of my favorites was squashed by Google, not Android itself.  Another issue, but not worth docking the phone, is the huge assortment of Bloatware Motorola and Google insist on sticking in this thing. I wouldn't mind so much, except that you can't uninstall this crap without rooting the phone. Totally uncalled for.So other than minor quibbles, I have to say that I have been pleased with the performance of the phone itself. If we only could get someone to do something about the avaricious nature of the Verizon data plans, so I can tap the full capacity of the 4G experience.

This phone is THE worst phone I every owned. According to reviews online, the signal capability is lower than other comparable smart phones, well, it is SIGNIFICANTLY sub-par. Where all my other smartphones (i.e. HTC, Galaxy, even the Trio) were able to pick up the signal, this one had one bar and forget about internet signal. Most of the time, I could barely use this phone at work.Also, the phone drags. I try to clear everything in its temp memory but it still freezes and it's slow. Maps, web sites, you name it...takes a whole minute to get it going. I've had it for less than a year and I could tell I hated it within 15 days; however, I got it under a contract and before you know it the 30 days to exchange it passed. Now I'm stuck.Last, kind of funny...but really annoying thing it does: I would be in the middle of dialing a number and it opens a random app and then dials the incomplete number....WTF!

I bought this a week ago.  No matter where I am, I never have more than 1 bar for service, never have 4G connection and always tells me it cannot refresh and there is no data connection when I try to use email, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, even trying to use Google. I use email alot and it can take up to 2 hrs to send an email. Very frustrating! I returned it and they said could be bad Sim card or bad phone.  Gave me brand new of both.  Still same issues.  Even when connected to wi-fi, these issues occur.  2 other phones on my plan are 4G and never have these issues, so it is not my cell plan. I am returning the 2nd one and probably going to switch to the IPhone.On a positive note, I did like size/weight of the Droid Razr M. Seemed easy to navigate, similar to the Droid 3 I was using, but seemed more user friendly.

I have owned many android devices and this is my favorite so far. I have been sort of anti Motorola due to bad experiences but Google taking over seems to help.Very good battery life compared to other 4g droids I have had. Fast reliable. Just a nice twist on the android platform.

Well this is my first smart phone and I'm very impressed. I got it one week ago and I'm loving it. The build of the phone is solid and tight. The brushed aluminum and Kevlar backing feel great in the hand. The phone feels built to last but I still chose to purchase an Otterbox for it. The battery life has been really great so far. I can go about 3 days between a charge that includes texting, Facebook, Twitter, web browsing and a few calls. Now let's do some pros and cons.Pros:Build qualityBatteryAndroid 4.0.4 soon to get Jelly BeanScreen is sharp but not HD4G is lightning fastCons:Verizon bloat apps

I upgraded from a Samsung Captivate (Galaxy S) to the Droid Razr M after looking at all possible carriers options in the market.The reasons I chose Verizon over AT&T; (my previous carrier)* Better signal coverage in my area* New 4G LTE Verizon phones are Global, meaning they can be unlocked and used in other countries using a SIM card.The reasons I chose the Droid Razr M over other phones:* 1.5 GHz Dual processor: Not many phones in the sub-4.5-inch class have a fast or dual processor* 4.3" screen size: To be fair, I got this phone hoping to push it to my wife once the 4.7" inch Droid RAZR HD comes along. After having used this phone with a Commuter Ottercase, I feel that a 4.7-incher may be too bulky and hard to use with one hand. I may be keeping this one, missus!* Android ICS - Not tied to iTunes or an Apple ecosystem. Much prefer Google's tie-in services since I've been drinking the Google kool-aid for a while.Now, the thing that has impressed me the most despite my initial reservations - the battery. I was concerned about the non-removable battery since I had to do several battery pulls on my old Samsung when the software stalled. So far (2 weeks), my Android ICS experience has been error-free. The battery life has been AMAZING. I have full 4G data on and Wi-fi enabled for home in the evening, and I'm only at 70% by 10pm! On my old Samsung, I would be at 25%.Other pluses: A decent camera (coming from a DSLR user), Smart actions, Bubble Widget.Pros:* Astounding Battery life* Fast and smooth interface - but a bit confusing, coming from Froyo. More on that below. I personally like that ICS is more consistent when it comes to user-experience between mail and other apps* Mail Notification LED - I love this feature, being a past blackberry user* Great GPS, WiFi and voice call qualityCons:* Heat - When I had GPS, 4G and charging all together, the phone got toasty* Vibrate and Ringtones - Even though the Razr M has some futuristic ringtones, it does not have some standard ones that can be used. Vibrate action seems to be less vibratey* Interface - The ICS interface is radically different from Froyo. My wife had difficulty navigating the new Google Maps whereas she was fairly comfortable with the previous version on Froyo. This is not a phone for total smartphone novices.This phone could be a good-guy doppelganger for the iPhone 5 - similar dimensions, but start using it and you're bound to notice its droidy cyborg vibe. Overall, I'm very pleased with this phone and would recommend it to anyone looking for a great deal ($50 with a new contract).

I purchased this phone 7 days ago.  On day 2 of ownership, I woke and took the phone off the charger to check the weather.  A small blue light in the upper left corner of the device flashed at me, but nothing else was happening.  Tried holding down the power button, tapping the screen, plugging and unplugging the charger with various keys pressed.  Nothing. Finally, I managed to stumble upon the correct button combo to reboot it.  Oh, happy day! So what if I messed with it so long it made me late for work?I thought this was a one off thing.  I hadn't downloaded any apps at that point or done anything unusual to or with my phone.(By the way, the instructions for rebooting the phone are no I the paper guides they give you with the phone. To get that information you'd have to go online to look up the user's guide at Motorola. )At any rate, this has happened 3 more times in the last week. I plug it in to charge, pick it up to check the charge or to use it, and it's completely unresponsive.  I looked in various online forums and see I am not alone.  I am using the Motorola charger and following all the protocols for use and charging.  There is nothing I am doing to cause the phone to need to be rebooted 4 times in 7 days.I will be taking the phone back and getting something else. It's unfortunate because I liked the size and features. I guess I'll have to suck it up and go for a galaxy something equally as huge.

I did not buy my M from Amazon and instead went to the Verizon, yet I am here to inform potential buyers about some possible headaches when buying this phone.I originally upgraded from a basic slide phone to this to get started in the smartphone world. I wanted a Casio one that was waterproof but the salesman convinced me to get this, saying it was faster and not as buggy... Well...Pros:- Heavy, solid build- DROID- MicroSD portCons:- Software (as of 1/12/2014, ALL M's are stuck on Android 4.1.2 with no word on updates)- Speaker goes out very quickly- Super slow- Not enough RAMLet me start with the cons of this phone. First, the software. As Google announces 4.4 KitKat, Motorola users have been stuck on 4.1.2 or thereabouts for well over a year. The OS is old, buggy, and apps are starting to have issues. You can try to get 4.4 unofficially by &#34;rooting&#34; your phone, which, as of the most recent updates, is impossible. So if you're looking into getting into custom ROMs and hacking your phone, this isn't the one for you.The speakers. After about 2 months of having the phone (and not rooting it), I would answer a call and nothing. Just silence. I would hang up and dial the number again and I wouldn't even hear the dial tones you get when the other person's phone is ringing. I'd check my phone and yep, it's connected to the other person. I would get a text back that they could hear me. I've reset my phone countless times in an attempt to solve the issue. After some quick research, Verizon refuses to acknowledge the issue and blames Motorola, and vice versa. Shortly after that went, my speaker on the back went, meaning if I got a call and my phone wasn't on vibrate, I'd miss it.Speed. It's very very laggy once you actually get your phone up and running. Even texting can be a challenge on this phone. It'll freeze when switching conversations and even opening the basic included app. I've tried others and the included app is /the/ fastest, least glitchy one. You can't play any games that require any amount of graphics other than solitaire. Videos and movies are ok though.The pros! It is solidly built. After the speaker had already broken, I accidentally dropped my phone from about chest high and it was fine (with an OtterBox). The screen didn't crack and the buttons still work.DROID. Who doesn't like that DRRROOOOOIIID sound?MicroSD. I've been looking at other phones and some of them do NOT have a MicroSD slot. For example, the new Moto X comes in only 8 and 16 gig versions (actual usable space is less) and there's no slot for a MicroSD. So if you want to listen to music without streaming over the network and running your battery down and data rates up, you can only keep some songs, maybe a movie.So, to wrap things up, the phone has points for the MicroSD slot, DROID sound, and build quality minus the speakers. It looses points for software OS not being upgraded, speakers have short life expectancies, it's very slow, and not enough RAM.

I really didn't want to do the smart phone, but I have to say it has changed me to have it, and I love this phone.  I have dropped it so many times I have expected it to stop working but it keeps on going (I do have an otter box)).  I recommend it for anyone new to the smart phone thing, b/c it was very easy to learn.

I purchased this product from Best Buy,and it's my first smartphone, so I love, because I have nada to compare it to. I just wanted to give everyone a heads up concerning two issues with this phone.1- When I'm on a call via blue tooth, and another call comes in, when I ignore the call my current call goes silent, and i have to push speaker phone, then blue tooth to be able to hear the person I'm talking to again. The phone also gets a little glitchy when you answer an incoming call and try to switch back.2- One morning after an incoming call my phone went blank, the dreaded black unresponsive screen,right before I'm leaving town, and I NEEDED the GPS and other features on my phone. Long story short, I took it to Verizon, and it turns out this is a common problem with this phone, and all you have to do is reboot it. So to save you a trip to the Verizon store- to reboot, hold down the volume down button and the power button for 10 seconds and you should be good to go. The Verizon tech said they are working on a fix for this issue, but I was back up and running like it never happened.

Love the phone, I got it Friday on launch day. No lines, no waiting. It does everything I need it to do. The battery is great so far easy a full + day, with fairly heavy use. Love the design, the large screen and overall small dimensions are excellent. Almost identical in size to the new iphone5, but with a much bigger screen, and a "working" Navigator (Google Maps). I was waiting for the Lumia 920, but my 1st gen. Droid Incredible was on its last leg. Very glad I did not wait.

Not the happiest Droid owner. The sound quality is  not as good as the Droid X. Picture quality is great. Function is still a mystery and directions not too clear. Guess that is what you get for .01 cent.

Did not want HD and don't think it's necessary. Does what it says.  The phone is fast & reliable and going from a 3G Droid X2, which was a nice phone, to the 4G LTE is awesome.  All day on a single charge.  Highly recommend this phone.  Can't go wrong with Motorola.

First the bad, as everyone knows cameras aren't Moto's strong point. It's not a bad camera, it's just not as good as some of the others. But for what I use it for, it's great.There strength is reception and all calls are crystal clear.  Haven't had a drop call yet.I didn't want a behemoth phone to carry around. This phone is just the right size. Fits in your palm, fits in your pocket ,and the price fits my budget. I'm sure some will have it free by Black Friday. The battery life is great, streamed pandora for 3 hours and I'm still at 73%. But that is really dependent on your proximity to towers, but it's much better than my previous Droid Pro. it would be dead now, and it was only a 3g phone. This phone includes a full version of Chrome, and it syncs bookmarks between it and your home and work computers. I love it. Download a flashlight app and you will be able to light up your front yard. This puppy is bright. The picture quality is amazing. The customization is great. It has what they call "smartactions", I call them triggers. I programmed it to start Pandora, when it connects to my car over Bluetooth. There are many triggers you can program. Button placement is good, it feels good in the hand, and love the fact it is splash proof. Oh, and the navigation is awsome, sounds like a real person with this version.Another great new feature is talk and surf at the same time, something you couldn't do with older phones unless you were on AT&T.;  Now I can look up stuff on the internet will I'm talking to someone.

I was holding on to my Droid 2 for a while, waiting on iPhone 5 to arrive so I can finally upgrade to the 'latest and greatest'.  When the 5 was announced, I was displeased with the lack of Google Maps.  I used my old D2 for navigation quite often, and I simply wasn't going to downgrade just to get an iPhone.  Lucky me, the Razr M had just been released, at that point, still with v4.0.  I can't say enough how much I love this phone.  My wife got the iPhone 5, and I can't say I regret my decision one bit.  Battery life is the same.  Price point is cheaper.  Hard drive is expandable.  The Razr M can do anything an iPhone 5 can do, and Google Maps navigation is standard.  iPhone's camera is slightly better, but not noticeable enough where it's a must have.  You also get more apps with the iPhone, but Google Play Store has improved so much recently all the major apps are now shared.  Now that the Razr M has been upgraded to v4.1 it's even better.  I can listen to text messages over Bluetooth while driving, and voice commands are excellent... much MUCH better than iPhone's Siri.  As far as the build, this thing is a tank.  I dropped it on the kitchen tile the other day and it hit right on the corner.  Small dent in the plastic, but that's it, everything else is till perfect.  The iPhone would have ended up with a cracked screen, guaranteed.

Honestly-- I haven't felt such a child-like sense of wonder since I was... well... a child. I just turned in my Droid BIONIC to upgrade to the Droid RAZR M and I couldn't be more excited! The phone is comfortable, well-built, EXTREMELY fast, and has all the bells and whistles. Most impressive, I think, is the SmartActions functionality. Not only can you program your phone to run all your standard functions automatically... but it even recognizes patterns in behavior and recommends SmartActions without even telling it to! This is much more than just a smartphone... it is intuitive to its user and adapts itself to be your perfect phone. The battery is much improved over my old BIONIC as well. And for the price???? It feels like grand theft larceny. Snap this up before it becomes a highly sought-after commodity. This is it.Summary: This is my 4th Droid and easily the best purchase I've ever made. It stands head and shoulders above any device I've played with (save for the S3) but at an impossibly low price point.

I've had my phone now for just under the 15 day cut off period Verizon gives us to switch if we want to, and I've decided to keep the Razr M.My job as a realtor and part time investor has finally forced me to embrace the kind of technology that allows one instant access to information, so I decided this time around to upgrade to a phone that would hopefully let me receive & send emails, look up information on real estate sites, get where I'm going without getting lost, etc., and the Razr M seems more than capable of doing that.There's very little argument that I can see among reviewers regarding the speed of this phone, and I can vouch for that. It opens up applications quickly, and switches apps and screens with almost zero delay. When I receive a notification that I have a new email, I can be at that open gmail message in literally 2 or 3 seconds.The screen on this phone is extremely good as well. I've seen lots of reviews criticizing the pentile display as not being "true HD", but I'm quite sure most people wouldn't know that if someone hadn't told them, it just plain looks extremely high definition to me.The battery life is also more than adequate. I was afraid going from a feature phone that I had to recharge maybe twice a week to a smart phone, that I'd be sadly disappointed in the battery life. But I can go two full days on a charge with the Razr- that's looking at maybe 20-30 emails a day, another 30-40 texts, 20 minutes of conversations, a few photos and maybe 15 minutes of web browsing.My 15 year old son has the iphone 4s, and he considers the build quality of the Razr M to be at least as good as his phone, likes the screen size better, and really can't tell much of a difference in screen quality between the two.The camera is another area where professional reviewers have beaten on this phone a bit. I've taken a number of photos with it already, and anything taken in strong to medium light looks absolutely fine. Its low light capabilities are a bit weaker than the iphone 4s but again, coming from a feature phone with a 2.3 MP camera that could barely produce a recognizable image in low light, the Razr M camera is very adequate.All in all, I'm very happy with the Razr M, and I'd give it 5 stars if not for the bloatware issue that Verizon has caused by insisting on putting all kinds of Amazon and other partner apps in a phone that only has 8 gigs of storage internally.I looked at several alternatives before deciding on the M. The Galaxy SIII was just a bit awkward in size, felt a bit cheaper in quality, and the screen wasn't quite as bright. The iphone 5 was an another option, but I really hated the thought of being dependent on itunes, and it didn't even give you the option of increasing its storage with a micro usb card. I thought briefly about the Blackberry Bold touchscreen, and had it been 4g, with a better battery and camera, I might have thought harder, but I guess there's a reason RIM is losing market share as fast as they are.

The only positive thing about this phone is that the battery life is good.I've owned the phone for several months and I seem to find something new every day that I hate about the phone. The camera is TERRIBLE. The touch screen is not good (it is not accurate and it tends to interpret a LOT of taps as swipes, which is infuriating). Apps tend to lose touch with reality frequently (e.g. text messages stop coming in, Facebook won't update, etc) and it requires a reboot to fix. I often have people on the phone say they can't hear me or that I'm extremely muffled but this problem doesn't exist when using a bluetooth earpiece. The back of the phone doesn't have any rubberized surface so when I have it on a table I have to hold it in place with a hand to prevent it from being pushed around by swiping. The phone is not terribly root-friendly and I think that's a Motorola characteristic&#8212;my past few phone experiences have been with HTC and those phones are GREAT for root users by comparison. I'll be going back to HTC now.

We are in our early 70s and love my wife's new Razr M.  It's made our stand alone GPS obsolete - - better and much faster.  It's real easy to use especially the voice messaging and goggling for info.  We are so happy that I'm upgrading for basically free on my 2 year anniversary - Dec. 26th!  Merry Christmas to me.  Our full service Verizon wireless gives us lots to do without worrying about extra charges.

I had this phone for 24 hrs. By the time I took it back, I absolutely hated it!!! Without a how-to guide, this type of phone is absolutely useless!!! I'll stick with my Jitterbug!!! (I'd give it 0 stars, or negative stars even,but you can't.)

Love the phone but wish the battery went more than one day. I shut down things to save on it but still short term.

PROS:4.3" screen sizeMotorola Smart Actions (way cool)ProcessorPhone build/design (e.g. DuPont Kevlar fiber, Corning Gorilla Glass, and a water repellent nano-coating.)Overall sizeBattery lifeSpeaker locationMicrophone locationRemovable storage (Micro SD)Stripped down UIQuick upgrades to Android software (now that Google is in charge)CONS:Notification light (not big or bright enough)Back camera (takes poor pictures esp. with flash)Front camera (only .3 megapixels)Screen resolution (no HD)RAM (need 2GB min.)

This phone comes with limited internal storage, only 8 GB.  The description makes you believe the storage is expandable up to 32 GB because of the SD card option.  This is NOT true.  Yes, you can purchase an SD card and store photos, videos, documents, etc but you CANNOT store applications on the SD card.  Considering you have far less than 8 GB of storage when you get the phone due to pre-installed applications, the remaining storage is really not adequate.  I have had the phone for a little more than a month and there is little internal storage space left.  So think twice before buying this phone!

Let me start off by saying I was a Sprint customer for 3 years, during that time, their service went from great to serviceable to downright crappy. I had initially wanted to ditch Sprint the moment I found out I was screwed over for even a partial upgrade last year, I was PO-ed when I found out they switched their upgrade cycle once again to a straight-up 20 months and did nothing to rectify the situation. Originally wanting to go with T-Mobile, I instead opted to get on Verizon since my uncle had a line available. I waited until my contract with Sprint was up, which was literally about 13 days ago, before I took the plunge. I also had my eye on the Galaxy S3 too, but I was so desperate to get off of Sprint that I did look at alternative phones. Imagine my pleasant surprise when I came across the Droid RAZR, and then the RAZR M shortly afterward.Originally I was thinking of getting the RAZR, but imagine my double surprise when I found out I could get 135 bucks on my trade-in towards the RAZR M by trading in my HTC EVO 4G, a phone I reviewed on here a while back. My uncle okayed the transfer, and I was good to go. I am happy to say that the difference between Sprint and Verizon is night and day! I don't worry about dropped calls anymore at my house, since I no longer have to struggle to get a signal, I usually get two to three solid bars. With Sprint I was lucky to get one bar, and it was on "digital roaming", three bars came and went too. 4G LTE on Verizon is readily available and is as quick as greased lightning, to say Sprint is lagging in this area would be an understatement. Also, if I use WiFi at a hotspot like Dunkin' Donuts or McDonald's or in my house, I can disable Mobile Data effectively eliminating the prospect of going over the allotted data plan and the like, and still do the things I like doing on this badboy such as searching on the 'net, Facebook, etc.Also, while people criticize the cheap feel of the bezel of the phone because of the visible screws on the sides, honestly, I don't pay attention to the screws at all. I am more impressed with the fact that the bezel is almost non-existent, and I find the phone to be sleak, sexy, and feather light.  It almost feels non-existant in my pocket at times because it's so light. And yet it sports a 4.3" Super AMOLED qHD Display, and I feel personally it's screen is so much better than the EVO 4G I had before. Yes, I know it's not as good as the screen on say the Galaxy S3, but to me it is a massive step up from what I had before. The battery life on the thing is superb. Had it off it's charger for a solid 12 or so hours one day, and with heavy use, the thing was still holding strong at 35%. With the EVO 4G I was lucky to get half that.I was told by the salesperson that the RAZR M sported a dual-core 1.2 GHz processor, but did more research and found out it uses the Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 chip, the exact same chip employed by the Galaxy S3. I was wondering why games were so ridiculously smooth, playing Angry Birds on this thing when compared to the EVO? Again, night and day. Smooth like butter, not a trace of slowdown. Yes, it doesn't have 2 Gigs of RAM like the S3, but for what it has, it does a wonderful job. Android Ice Cream Sandwich is also strikingly easy to use once you get down to the nitty gritty of it. I love the fact that the BLUR interface Motorola once employed in earlier smart phones is just about gone. The interface is pretty much stock Android, and unlike with earlier versions, it looks damn good and is easy to access.It took me a bit to get used to having virtual buttons at the bottom of the phone as opposed to physical buttons, and I'm still learning some of the ins and outs of this badboy, but all in all I am extremely satisfied with this phone. It might not be the Galaxy S3, which let's face it, as of this writing is the king of smartphones in terms of features. But what it is, is a rock-solid alternative for those whom want a great smartphone with tons of features on a budget.Update 10/13/12: I actually found out what a tough little phone this thing really is, during a rainy day, I was cooking burgers on the grill and went outside to go check on them, I ended up slipping and falling on the ramp we designed for my grandmother two times, the second time I hit my back pretty hard. I had my phone with me, and it fell out of my pocket. The thing was completely in tact, not a scratch, ding, dent or anything, and it still works as good as ever.Update 01/07/13: A few months ago, I had this phone updated to Android 4.1 Jelly Bean, while it hiccups here and there, all in all it still holds up remarkably well. I recall it was at the 5 month cycle that I had started having problems with the HTC EVO 4G when I was with Sprint. So far, no problems here at all. It's still as tough as frigging nails, I had dropped it accidentally a second time, and still no damage to the phone at all. Battery still holds up very well too, still getting anywhere from 8 - 16 hours on a charge depending on the usage. I'm quite satisfied, hopefully this badboy will last me until September of 2014 when I am eligible for an upgrade.Update 03/28/13: Sadly my uncle could not afford the upkeep of the Verizon account even with my contribution, ergo I no longer have this phone. Needless to say I am back with Sprint thanks to this. However, with the trade-in credit from the RAZR M, I was able to get one of the best phones on the market which I will be reviewing. The LG Optimus G.

I love my Moto Droid Razer M, I searched for months for a phone that could not only give me a good fit, but have full features of an Apple iPhone 5 & bee the same size for less $$$ out of my pocket! Well the Moto Droid Razer M accomplished that & more! I like that it has Gorilla Glass which protects the screen from spills & drops. I like the large 4.3" screen for it's glossy fit & finish is perfect for a quick glance to see where your going, next I like that it fits in my hand just like the iPhone 4 & 5, one handed & voice texting is easy since I can't use both hands due to not being able to move my left hand. the size of the 4" to 5" phones were out of the running within the first few minutes of my search. Lastly, This phone has the quality that only Motorola can have claimed way back when I got my first cell phone 22 Yrs. ago! Finally, Just go for it with Verizion & the Moto Razer M you can't go wrong!

In a nut shell, Moto took the Razr Maxx (minus the battery)and smashed it into this beautiful and small case.Cons: The battery life is not as good as the Maxx, but destroys the standard Razr.Pros: All the great things the Razr Maxx can do, but in a smaller package while maintaining the same screen size.Bottom line: Biggest bang for the buck on the market!

Kudos to Motorola.  Delighted tech user for the last 45 days.  By far one of the best smartphones I've owned. Call quality, responsiveness, battery life, stability, and ease-of-use are excellent.  I appreciate the "Smart Actions" customization tools and most importantly - It just works. It never freezes, lags, or needs a reboot.  I consistently get two days of light to moderate mixed-use on one charge.The display and graphics are absolutely capable of impressing all but the most discriminating of users. The cameras are decent for the lens size(s) - significantly improved from what most devices had just a year ago.  Bloatware is about average.  Update 4.1 was pushed to my phone earlier in the week.  Seamless update, new features, still a great solid phone.  Would not hesitate to recommend.

Coming from another Smartphone that was very buggy, I just wanted a solid performer.  Something reliable that works.  I've had the RAZR M for a little over a month now and couldn't be more pleased.  All the major functions work without a hitch, the phone stays on (yeah, well, the old one didn't), the telephony seems to be great, and the service through Verizon is much better than what I had with ATT.GPS locks very quickly, even indoors.Snappy processor... without drama (no overheating, shutdowns, etc)Very good battery life... go about two days with bluetooth, wifi and GPS on and about 2 hours air timeApps run smoothlyVoice quality very good with handheld or speaker phone and folk on the other end like it tooReception/coverage area very goodAndroid 4.0 implementation is excellentBuild/feel/hardware is great (solid, smooth and minimal but not too slick, great sizeScreen is great4G is lightning fast (equivalent to cable modem at home), and 3G is pretty good too.If there are any areas that this phone is not as good as it's predecessor that would be in the camera and the voice recognition.  Both of these functions work, and I would not call them flawed, but they are the two areas where I don't see marked improvement over my 2 year old now retired dinosaur.The camera seems to lack an anti-shake feature, and produces images that are noticeably inferior to my other phone.  On the other hand, I am a photo guy, and it is likely that for most folk the differences are immaterial. It does have the dual camera feature, though I haven't tried it yet myself, and video is reasonable for a phone. The camera software is much improved and very intuitive.  I have read that you can buy a camera app that improves the performance and may look into that.The voice recognition works, but for some reason I seem to have speak louder than my normal speaking voice.  I don't think this is hardware, because for phone calls on speaker phone people hear me fine.  Probably something in the Android version/implementation.All in all, I would have to say the RAZR M fires on all cylinders right out of the box, and is a joy to own.  Very impressed with it.

This has been a welcome upgrade!  I was looking at going to Apple for my next phone because I had such a lousy experience with my Droid 3.  But the Razr M makes that old 3G Droid 3 look like a Commodore 64 on dial up. This phone has been flawless since I upgraded this spring.  It's fast, smooth operating, and has a beautiful screen.  No complaints and I am solidly a droid faithful again.

This phone just rocks. Outstanding performance, great screen, lightweight, and Jelly Bean. If you're like me and prefer a pocket sized phone you can easily use with one hand, there is no better choice in android-land than this. Coming from HTC, I'm in love with my phone again. Also appreciate the easy access to settings by swiping left.

This is a awesome phone. Same size as iPhone with larger screen and android! This phone will outlast any phone I've seen and it's 4g, which makes the battery life even more impressive. All the latest features in an android phone that fits in your hand!

This negative critique may, or may not relate to the Razr Phone itself (Motolora), or it might be rather directed toward the Droid Operating System (Google).  Some aspects might even address rather Droid App's.  Foremost, we direct here a lot of critique toward the miserable Phone App, which is provided with the Razr by Verizon.For an end user it is difficult to make a clear distinction, who is to blame, and how to achieve an improvement. We found that it is difficult to use Razr as a phone, to simply make phone calls. That droid app is marred by bugs and bizarre malfunctions, details below.Surely, the New Technology changes our lives in a positive manner.  This device indeed gives a combined phone, email and web access.  The implementation is very immature, or outright experimental.  I do not have any measure to compare a Droid based solution to an iPhone.Let me enumerate what's bad, or unsatisfactory from a standpoint of this user:1) Very bad screen for outdoors, barely visible even in brightest setting.  I have to cover the screen with a hand, or turn to cast shadow on the phone in order to see anything. Indoors the colors are vibrant, and one can indeed enjoy web and photography.2) Miserable phone operations, demanding numerous taps to finally get someone called.  I counted as many as 10-11 taps in some of the cases, till I finally heard dialing tone. This is the MAJOR POINT OF OUR CRITIQUE.Just think about it: In a phone with hard buttons the "Dial" and "Hangup" operations are predictable and located on the very same place.  Here the location, and even the looks of the "Dial" tap-area vary in almost every situation!  Its horrible, counter intuitive.  We really need an equally looking, placed on an identical location "Call" or "Dial" button, and the same should be for the "Hangup" button.3) Unreliable hangup, major security risk:The foldable devices were extremely easy to reliably end a call: Flip it close, the call ends.  Here I encountered numerous cases when the person I called did not realized that the call was still "on," with the device already in the pocket or in the purse!  Horrible, and a major, major privacy + security risk.4) Unwanted hangup:The opposite of the previous issue: Sometimes during making phone calls an accidental tap on the screen, even by the edge of the ear(!!), may disconnect. I lost numerous calls by some strange unwanted operation.  The "hangup" area is currently a large read area spreading all across the screen. Easy to be touched by mistake.5) Blanking out screen, impossible to resume operations.Atop of the barrage of complaints thus far, this seem to be an outright stunning bug, do they test at all??  The screen darkens in order to save energy. Fine.  But than shaking phone, tapping on the screen etc, does not revive the screen at all.  For example, someone is on a loudspeaker, and you would like to switch this off.  No way, no how, once the screen is dark.  Disconnect and call again.  Or imagine, you listen to a voice mails.  Screen goes dark, automated system says something "Press 7 to delete, press 9 to save."  But you have no chance to enter anything, the dial pad is gone, and it cannot be reactivated.  That is an "F" to the designers.  Ridiculous.6) Hung-up and loudspeaker buttons close to each other, on the same side of the device.  I constantly depress the 'loudness down/up' instead of hung up.  And than I end up with a silent phone without noticing it, or vice versa.7) Erratic operations with some Apps. For example one day for no apparent reason I lost the Navigator App, which was placed on my front page.  To my astonishment that App has also vanished from the pages of pre-installed Apps!  Later we found out after a call to support, that this App was integrated by Google into the newer Maps.  Google should have provided an empty app with a re-director.8) Some apps seem to run in the background and discharge the battery at a high rate.  It is so difficult to discover this on time.  We lost the battery charge completely on more than one occasion.9) Timer alarms may be difficult to stop.  In some cases the alarm buttons disappear from the surface, and than it is a drama to stop the "ding-dong", which may appear in a bad moment.  It happened to me that after 3-4 minutes of futile attempts to stop the alarm, I walked out of the meeting, and tried for a few more minutes to silence the alarm, till I finally simply hard powered-down the phone in order to silence it.  Same happened to my wife.  One feels like an idiot with this device.  Later I discovered, that one can "slide down" the entire droid desktop, to unveil a sort of an "activity log" screen.  On this screen is the timer entry as well, which can be silenced from there.Here I am also looking back with nostalgia at my "old plain cell phone," in which I could simply press any button, even blindly in the pocket, to silence the audible alarm.  That was a great ergonomic.  This here is just a total nonsense.  Who is making these decisions?  Who is testing?10) The Chrome browser has also some quirky sides.  For example I was puzzled why the scroll up/down cased sometimes rather a zoom in/out.  I finally recently discovered what happens: When one of the fingers is too close the edge, Droid "thinks" that the scroll operation is actually the "pincer move" zoom operation.  Keeps the other fingers well away in order to reliably scroll up/down.11) When I lie down the phone on the table, it tends to think that I turn it horizontally, and it constantly rotates the display from portrait into landscape.12) Last but not least:  Support does not exist virtually.  To this day neither Motorola nor Verizon helped me with the many issues, nor has someone fixed some of the issues listed here.Its not really a "last" in the list, I am just tired of collecting the items, and you would be tired of reading it.  This list could easily be doubled in size.Did I mentioned: Many people said they miss their old phone? I also do miss my Old Beat-up Phone (OBP).  Despite the fact that I can now browse web, and see my email on the run, the price paid for the convenience is high.  I wish I could return this device, but its not possible.  I am stuck with Razr for the duration.

First touch screen phone and am totally happy. I have a tablet and a blackberry and this is best of both worlds. Fits easily in pockets and is almost too thin so I will be happy when case arrives. Note that there are VERY few accessories out for this phone.  Agree with other reviews about power button, screen and battery. Price on Amazon is crazy... I paid $99 on the Verizon site (upgrade)  only 10 days ago.  I didn't need and don't want a huge screen or to buy into apple world, so this is best out right now. Early adopter? Probably you will pass. Fast follower who wants solid case, up to date features/os, pocket size and great price? CNET and I think you should get Razor M.

I upgraded from a Nokia E 71 to this phone and was a little scared of learning the new technology. Boy am I glad I got the Razr M! It has truly changed my life. I am a busy mom with 3 kids and this phone makes my life easier. I no longer have to type out text!!! I can just speak my message and the phone types it for me! Awesomeeeeeee. You can voice command almost everything with this phone if you like. I also downloaded an assistant app that is pretty awesome to. This phone is fasttt like super fast. The phone quality is great and I have yet to figure out why some people are griping about the camera. My pics are turning out great. The flash is great too. I love that I can send pics straight to Facebook and check my email with ease too. The phone is very durable and I just love it. Get this phone people! The free games apps like angry birds are great to keep kids entertained too when you are trying to travel or sitting in an office waiting.Also moms, I downloaded an app that has nature sounds and now my infant goes to sleep to the waterfall sound. She loves it!

my general rule when buying anything is to avoid products that could end up proving to be more hassle than the value they bring. this goes both for seemingly overly-complex android phones like the s3 or little princess-y phones like the iphone. i almost succumbed this time to flashiness, as I thought I might get the iphone 5-- a very good phone no doubt, but it doesnt have the kind of full functionality and fun of a normal android. i thought about it momentarily and realized i couldnt do it. at least not this generation iphone.next was S3-- another nice looking phone. but then i realized that i dont like big screens, and I have been hearing about the bloatware and the bugginess that again i might have forgotten about if I didnt see the razr m.the razr m-- after mulling the s3 for a bit i just started looking at other phones. i instantly fell for the this very hardy, powerful, nononsense phone. it is the lenovo of phones, i must say. very powerful. not a glitch on a single swipe i have seen so far. the screen is very bright and beautiful (if a little jagged-- whatever). it has a very solid construction, and its end-to-end display is really catchy.no-nonsense. a workhorse. will do everything you need it to, without making itself an issue; this is not that kind of phone. no screen protectors needed. no cases. no-nonsense.

I owned my previous Droid X for 2+ years.  I dropped it MANY times, to the point the metal framing had little marks and that phone never stopped working.  Not a single crack in the screen or anywhere else.  It started having some bizarre issues so I decided it was time for a new phone.  I've had my Droid Razr M for ONE WEEK, dropped it ONE TIME and it cracked on the back across the camera and near the speaker.  It's got some neat features, but quality construction is apparently NOT one of them.  Avoid this phone.

UPDATE: I originally gave this phone a negative review due to the PenTile display. I have since learned that many PenTile displays look great, but unfortunately this one does not. The resolution on this phone is too low for PenTile and makes everything grainy, pixelated, etc. Colors are oversaturated, small text is hard to read. The biggest problem is white areas, which appear gray/orange, or like colored dots. Most web pages have a white background, so it's a constant annoyance. It gets worse if you turn down the brightness. Some people may not mind, but it was a deal-breaker for me. I returned the phone to Amazon.Many of the older displays suffered these problems, but as resolutions have improved, the issues have mostly gone away. Aside from the display, the RAZR M is a nice phone. The interface is intuitive and fast, the build quality seems solid. The speaker gets really loud. The phone's very thin, almost too thin for me. I'd prefer a little more to hold on to, but it seems comfortable enough. Although Amazon says it runs Ice Cream Sandwich, it's actually been updated to Jelly Bean. Non-removable battery and limited 8GB storage for applications might be an issue for some, but not a big deal to me.Sadly I just couldn't live with that display, it ruined the experience for me. Some people may not mind it, but if you have a keen eye, be warned.

This is a great phone and I'm really glad I got it. Fits great into my lady hand, the screen is great, and I have no problem with the pics. Mine actually turn out great! But I do have one issue that I have a feeling can be easily fixed. When I'm on the phone and I need to access my screen, it doesn't respond to the movement of the phone. The screen comes back on when I move it at first, but after the screen locks, it won't! I have to press the power button to get my screen to come back up again, but that just hangs up the call. Any help??

I have had this phone for about a month and i must say this is the best choice I could have made for a smartphone!!! The Razr M has the perfect size to fit in your hand and pocket (not a large bulky frame to take up space) The 4.3" display hits the sweet spot for form and function. The battery lasts a ridiculously long amount of time as compared to other smart phones. On the Verizon Network you can talk and surf the web simultaneously, something you can't do with the Iphone on Verizon or Sprint. Best of all you have a microSD slot to expand memory on the phone. I purchased a 64GB MicroSDXC SanDisk (category 10)memory card on Amazon, formatted it on my phone, and it works like a charm!! That's more memory than is available for the Iphone. There are so many features available on this phone that just are not on the Iphone ie., NFC for mobile payments, expandable memory, water-resistant coating, and a larger screen with the same size frame.Get this phone. You won't be disappointed!!!

I upgraded from a Droid 2 to this phone. The user interface is vastly improved and the phone more well thought out than the Droid 2. Things that I like:Pros:-the size is not too large like the Samsung Galaxy IIIS; size is good for your pocket-folder arrangement is easier to get to and more intuitive-settings is located as the first screen to the left of the main screen; makes it easy to turn on and off things (WIFI, Bluetooth, etc.)-battery life is good (but the phone is only about 2 weeks old)-time, temperature and battery widget is nice-easier to type on the screen that is larger than the Droid 2-the Razr HD is coming out but the resolution on this screen is really very good (the HD screen size will be comparable to the Galaxy IIIS)-the phone is international compatible if you travel out of the country-the price is great on Amazon and sure beats the price of a new iPhoneCons:-a little concerned about the sealed battery but that seem an iPhone trend-only 8 Gb but it seems manageable

I've had a motorola droid phone in the past, and I have to say, this one is pretty solid.  They're getting better and better.First, the size is nice.  It's only slightly bigger than an iphone, but it's not overly-large.  Or heavy - it's light (well, light enough for me).I'm not too crazy about the interface.  From the main screen, there are like, 3 different ways to get to the settings menu.  Or get to "a" settings menu.  Swipe to the right, click on the settings icon, or hit some button along the bottom - it's 3 seperate actions that get you to the same thing.  Kind of confusing.The menus are cramped.  Like, you'll see teeny tiny icons within menus for like, settings or what-not.  It's kind of tedious to use these ultra-tiny icons.I'm not a fan of that home screen - just switching the type of clock (analog/digital) required me to look it up online.  Not very intuitive.  But once you figure it out, it's OK.I do like being able to set the home screen icons.  I do like the fact that skype, facebook mobile, camera, email, etc, all work really well on this phone.  It's fast.  Sound quality is really good for phone calls.  It has a mini-sd card slot on the side, so you can put in whatever memory you want.So far I like it well enough.  We'll see if it's as durable as my iphone (that thing is a tank)!

Overall very pleased.  Most of the other reviews on here are pretty consistent about the phones pluses and minuses.  I love the size since I am a pocket user, and this phone is smaller and lighter than my prior non-smart phone, though that had a keyboard.  And I do miss a keyboard, since this is the first time I am forced to use the onscreen keyboard which takes getting used to,  but that is  not the phone's fault.  A source of many complains is the camera, it is fine for my use.  A little slow with t he shutter but very adequate.  The screen is nice, if not the most cutting edge, it is a phone after all not a wide screen TV.  As to the battery, I have found that the battery life is excellent.  I am not a power user, but especially by using the built in smart actions app allows you to turn on and off battery using features depending on your location (for instance, when you come home turn on the wifi and turn off data, etc.)  On standby the battery lasts an extremely long time, very satisfied.  When on the 4G it is amazingly fast, and with Verizon there are is good 4G coverage.  Even on 3G the speed is good.  A few issues, as someone mentioned the on/off and the volume controls are too close together (especially since these are the only two exterior switches).  I also get annoyed by the Motorola keyboard, it has no "hide keyboard" button, you have to hit the standard back button (not a huge deal) but worse is that the home button is right below the space bar so when texting I ham constantly mistakenly exiting my text by hitting the home button.  Not sure if all android ics keyboards are like this and I am probably more to blame than the keyboard but I am looking for an alternative keyboard to see if it works.  On the other hand the talk to text feature works quite well, not that I use it.Pros:sizespeedscreenbatteryconsbuttons too closemotorola keyboard

I've had this phone for 3 months.  Camera is just okay as noted in several reviews.  Call quality great.  The problem I have is that the phone has a very hard time attaching data to texts or emails.  I will often have to try to send a text or email 5 or 6 times if I'm attaching a picture. Then it may take 10 minutes to go through or I will just give up and stop trying.  Also, there is this annoying "background data restricted" notification that comes up all day long.  I've tried everything to change the settings in the phone to not restrict data even if the phone is idle.  I took it in to Verizon and they couldn't fix the problem.  What this means is that I can't stream Slacker or Pandora radio because once the phone has been idle for 5-10 minutes it shuts off the data stream.  So it will usually play 1 or 2 songs and then cut out and I have to restart the application.  Verizon thought this was part of the Smart Actions, but all smart actions are turned off.  By the way, Smart Actions is a really cool idea but the way they implemented it was lousy.  The possibilities are so limited as of right now.

Got a nice new Moto Razr M in November '12. By January Gmail and google apps stopped working. Verizon says it is software related and will not stand behind it. So now I am stuck with a phone that does not have my e-mail on it. Useless piece of crap, but nice paper weight. I will admit it started out good, but it has been all aggravation since. Funny how no one will stand behind the product. Very disappointed and will not buy another Moto phone again.

So I want to go on the record on saying I am a BIG Fan on the Motorola M! The design, shape, and battery life are great. I have had the phone for about a week when my problems happened. I was mowing the lawn and dropped it in the grass. Now I know what your thinking. Did it hit something like a rock or something. No!When I dropped my phone a small chip on the upper right had corner, just below the camera popped out. Now really worried I took it over and had Ghost armor installed on the screen. All my touch screen products have it. So I thought I could stop it from going any further. With in mins of the armor being installed a crack across the screen had developed. Now I started looking into the problems with the screen and found its a common area to break on this phone. To replace this screen is about $200. I just paid for the phone out right and now I jumped to the S4. I am hoping they come out with a quad core like the S4. I will keep my fingers crossed.

The only reason this phone gets one star is that there's no provision for zero stars.  This thing is fine if what you want to do is shop.  Motorola has thoughtfully provided the owner with 20 or more shopping apps covering everything from amazon to the NFL.  Unfortunately, you can't remove those apps.  I hate it when companies tell me how my computing devices have to be configured.Then there's the Android File Transfer program for Macs.  Worst design and implementation I've ever seen from any respectable manufacturer, which Motorola isn't (or wasn't, given they belonged to Google and now to Lenovo).  Load one music file on the phone, and, if the load even completes, at the end, or somewhere in the middle, the device will stop communicating with your computer, necessitating a reboot of the phone.Now imagine that you have a 32GB card and at least 16GB in audio to download.  You're going to be there a long, long time.

great phone. small but newest software and great battery life . overall very happy with the phone. the battery lasts for days !

Phone keeps telling me I am unable to receive messages and I have a hard time getting on the internet

This phone started off good but once you find out that Apps can only be stored on the internal 4GB storage you quickly realize this device is a huge mistake.  Forget the 32GB SD card, it is very difficult to move photos, music, onto it and impossible to move apps.  The 8GB internal storage is cut in half with bloatware.  You will need to delete apps so you can add new ones, and you're stuck with crap like slacker radio, IMBD, and Verizon apps that are designed to eat data and increase your bill.I was very excited when I moved to my first 4G phone, but extremely frustrated and disappointed with it now.  Verizon support will give you the wrong instructions and when you call back they suggest finding an app to move apps in Google play, but they won't recommend any specific app.  And none of the apps (free or paid) will actually move apps to the SD card.  Motorola support blames Verizon.  And forget about using a secure e-mail client, the security certificate can not be placed on the SD card either.  Maybe if this phone was rooted, it would be ok.  I don't know, never tried that but unfortunately that might be the only option left unless Verizon recalls these "broken" devices.I had to drop this down to 1 star from 2, you will also need to download a volume app, as the volume button only controls 1 volume at a time, and you won't be able to tell which one.  You can turn down the ringer, but the phone will not turn the notification to the same level, so you will be in an office and the ringer is on low and then a text or e-mail will come in at full volume, or you open a game and the game tone is still at full volume.  Makes you wonder if they did any testing on Razr M.  It's really a horribly inconvenient device.

The phone is perfect IMO.  Larger screen phones are just too big to be 'phones', and smaller screen phones (even my previously owned, only slightly smaller iPhone 4) are difficult to work with as smartphones.Battery life isn't quite as good as the iPhone, even taking the slightly larger screen into consideration.  By the end of the day I'm averaging 10-20% less battery power remaining than I would be using the iPhone.  Fortunately I don't live on my phone so I'm never in danger of draining it.App selection on the Play Store is very good, and has some unique offerings missing from the heavily restrictive iTunes store.  All the apps I used on the iPhone have Android versions, and most cost nothing or were a fraction of the iTunes store cost (for example my birding app is $30 on itunes, $10 on android).Beware that there's a learning curve coming from Apple's iWorld to Android, but anyone able to download and manage apps on the iPhone will not have difficulty learning the new way of doing things.  Just be patient as your brain needs to be retrained.Use is very stable and the recent apps view is useful for quick switching between apps.Call quality is very good, noticed how much clearer this phone on Verizon is versus my iPhone on AT&T.;  No drops even with only one or two bars of cell reception.

I was going to get an I phone 5, then figured I'd do some research first.  What I easily discovered was:  The Samsumg Galaxy S3 is the most feature rich phone made.  The I phone 5 is seriously overrated.  The top 2 for me were 2 Motorola models: M and Maxx.I chose the Motorola Droid Razr M over all other phones for the following attributes:- Best antenna and thus reception of any phone mfg.- I can stream Pandora and surf the internet with no interuptions in what is known as a bad cell reception area.- Best battery life of any mfg. of phones (second best in Motorola's lineup)- Great processor speed and Dual core (second to the GS3)- Fast while surfing.- Swype and adaptive voice to text/email are the best with Motorola's android system and not available w/ I phone.- Very sharp graphics.- Really like the interface and find the phone very easy to use (plus Jelly Bean will be upgraded to it later this year).- I keep it in my front pocket and its small enough (yet a big screen) and light.This phone has been nothing but AWESOME the first 3 weeks I've owned it.  All of the reasons that I bought it for, above, are right on and real.  Love this phone.Other things I like:  very good speaker performance and like the power button on the side versus on the top like my other phone because I don't accidentally hit the power button any more.

I bought this phone on contract at Cartoys when it first came out in September of 2012.Let me start off by stating what type of user I was:A teenager, looking for a decent smartphone, sub $100. I had no expectations since this would be my first smartphone. I was looking for a compact phone that could fit into my pocket. I was also looking for a device that could be my camera, music player, and be able to run the games I want to play.This phone is similar in size with the iPhone 5 and it currently runs with 4.1.2 Jellybean (the current version of software, 4.4 Kitkat is supposedly being released in a "few weeks").Pros:-Colorful display, very bright when turned on the highest setting-8 MP Camera on the back, which is a good camera for normal lighting, but it doesn't do well in low lighting.-Runs Android 4.1.2 and may receive an update to 4.4 Kitkat in the future-NFC functional (phone transfers/receives data by touching with another phone; Used it to check the balance on my bus card)-loud alarm clock-People ask if it's an iPhone so... Thank you Apple for setting the standard.-Chromecast Remote, but that seems more Chromecast than this phone...-Durable with case: case has dings and no broken screenOkay, but could be better:-Games: it works, but once in a while (if you're playing Riptide GT 2) it may just not respond, so just press "Okay" and keep playing.-Rear Speaker can be accidentally muffled by my fingers, but it is loud.-4G LTE may not be found in certain areas, but normally high school tries to lessen your signal and mountain overpasses probably are meant to be remote for a reason.-Call quality could be better on speaker phoneCons:-Lag. Not many people want to perform factory resets, although it's easier if your life does not revolve around your phone. Lag can also be remedied by changing the animation, window, and transition scale to none (although to the psychologically, none may seem like the phone is lagging even more) or  to  0.5 under developer options in the Settings. Do not get a task killer app; it just closes processes that the phone will reopen and it's a vicious cycle.-Battery: It's decent, can keep maybe a day and some if you're a light user, but for heavier users with consistent screen on time, then it could last from 4-6 hours depending on if you have Wi-Fi or LTE on. Battery does get really warm with constant usage.- Pre-installed apps: If you don't use them, disable them or "Force Stop". I did this with the NFL, IMDB, Google Magazine, and Slacker radio. While it sucks to have apps that are some users don't need, the only way to remove the apps that I know of is to root the phone.Overall this phone is decent for a starter. It does the tasks that you want it to do and even becomes an integral part of your life if you choose. If Motorola holds up on its promise to bring 4.4 Kitkat to the phone, it may possibly change the lag situation. If you choose to buy this phone, then buy a case (even if it is thin rubbery plastic) to avoid dings if you drop it on concrete. After I update, this phone will still be a good music player, camera, alarm clock, games, ebook reader ,and a device that a kid could use for a long road trip.UPDATE: 4.4.2 KitKat was released and the battery life is better. When you turn on your mobile data (4G LTE) it connects faster than it did before. (4 Stars)

The Razr M is great. The problem is that it took me over an hour to get the phone activated.  The problem turned out to be that Amazon sent the wrong ID number for the phone and for the SIM card to Verizon Wireless, but we did not know that until I had tried unsuccessfully to activate the phone for over 45 minutes.  It then took Verizon an additional 30 minutes, and two separate people, to change the ID information for my new phone on their computer. The phone also arrived without a packing slip, which has the data needed to start the activation process.  It seems they may have sent me a phone intended for someone else. All in all, a sloppy job by Amazon.  Next time I will order my phone directly from Verizon.

before buying this phone, research Droid RZR cracked screens.  There are lots of negative reviews from new owners, how insurance doesn't cover much on the average $200 screen replacement.  My Husb put it in his back pocket and then noticed it was cracked even in the Otter Box protective cover.  NOT a good choice for a child or someone who can't baby the phone.  Our estimate to fix the screen is $275.  Verizon and Motorola just now acknowledging frequent screen cracks.

If you like a phone loaded with non-essential 3rd party spamware that cannot be uninstalled then this is the phone for you.Don't get me wrong - I love Zappo's Shoes and have bought just about every pair of shoes from them for the past 7 years but I don't think I will ever be in the position where I can't wait to order shoes before I get home. Unfortunately this phone comes with a pre-installed Zappo's application that cannot be removed.So if you buy this phone you are buying spamware when they should be paying you to use a phone that has it.I am now at 15 day mark and can't return it or I would then I would get the iPhone which I regret not getting now before I knew Motorola thought so much of me......And for Zappo's you just lost a customer!

The good:- upgrades to Jellybean- fast. No hesitation switching between apps or streaming/playing music- supports 32GB SD card- screen looks great to me... I don't need HD for anything- its the size of an average phoneThe bad:- only comes with 8GB storage, only 4 to 5GB is usable for apps- Motorola removed the ability to install apps to SD card. You are stuck with the 4 to 5GB of built-in storage for apps- I had some issues staying connected to my home WiFi. I fixed this by setting my router encryption to WPA instead of WPA2. Been working fine ever since.Over all, I'm happy with this phone.

This Motorola Droid RAZR M is exceptional. The ICS is fun, the Processor is extremely fast, the camera is clear (albeit a slow shutter speed) and the build, fit and finish are amazing. The best part about this phone is you get all the same or better features in this phone as you do in the larger Moto Droid Devices, without having to stretch your paws out to access it all. The "edge-to-edge" display is great, with a small bezel it really makes the phone feel much larger to your eyes, while staying small in your hands. I know the great moto build quality will last the 2 years I will be with this phone, as the strong aluminum bezel, tough Kevlar backing (yes, yes, I know its just martketing tactics, but it feels cool) gorilla glass, and weather-resistant coating all work hand in hand to provide a steady, strong and durable device.If you hate the massive size devices have grown to today (Ahem, GS3) and are looking the full package in a small box, this is the device for you.I will wait patiently for Jelly Bean, as this phone has been cleared for that as well (Can we do 6 stars when that comes out?)

I purchased this phone only a month after its debut and regret it none. I'm a heavy phone user with heavy texting, web browsing, face booking and downloading and this phone hasn't let me down yet. If you're looking for a solid, durable phone that's not the size of a tablet, this is a great option.

Great phone so far.  I've had it for a couple of weeks. The only real issue I have is that the stock alarm clock is awful. The small snooze and dismiss buttons are right next to each other and not very easy to see in the morning. I hate the alarm clock. I like the old "Full button snooze" with the slider dismiss button.  I am shopping around for an app to solve the issue.I like the smallish size of the phone. I like the look and feel of the phone, but I've always been a fan of Motorola. Call quality is good.  4G Rocks! (if you can get it)There aren't a ton of accessories for this phone.  Case options are limited. No charging dock available.

If you live in the city then the phone is probably fine. We live out a little but no where near a dead zone. My old phone and other members of my family have no problem with reception. Since getting my Razr I can barely get a signal. The staff at our local Verizon store said it has to do with the antennae and there is nothing they can. I'm stuck with this phone until I can upgrade. The poor reception and dropped calls are very frustrating. I do not recommend this phone to anyone living in the country.

I have worked in the cell phone industry for 10+ years and am always switching out phones. I've liked the iPhone, blackberry and other Android powered devices as they each had something great about them. But this phone by far is my favorite.The 4.1Jelly Bean operating system is smooth and much more feature packed than any phone I've ever owned. The best two features are the battery and screen design. I make 20-25 calls a day and about 3000 text messages a month, on top of countless emails and I get through an entire day without charging again. This is absolutely amazing for me as I never have to worry about my phone dying around 5PM like I did with other phones.The screen is sharp and big enough for whatever you need on a phone. The edge to edge design makes the overall size of the phone feel smaller and lightweight and fits great in my hand, even though the screen is large.And although I do not use it much, for what its worth, being able to talk and surf web, etc at the same time is amazing. Just removes one little thing that always kind of annoyed myself and other Verizon Wireless customers I've talked to.If you are looking to upgrade to an Android device or switch to one, there are more expensive phones that have slightly larger and better technical numbers but in my experience do not actually do more for you. The cost and performance you get from the Motorola Razr M 4G makes this a top recommendation for me

The phone is ok except it turns off unexpectedly and is very difficult to turn back on.  We tried all the tricks in the droid forum to no avail.  This is a phone with major issues...maybe it's because Motorola has been bought out by Google and Google is laying off many workers and the company is in disarray or maybe it's just poor engineering but if you are considering this phone Google- Droid Razr M won't turn on  And read about the nightmares people are dealing with....iPhone here I come!

Previous phone was an iphone 3gs. I had it since it came out. I am not one to buy a new phone just becuz the new version is out. Apple did not break any new ground with their updated phones so I stayed with the 3gs. After time android caught up and surpassed  iOS in my opinion. I was tired of iOS but android was also an unknown.After considerable research in best bang for buck and my 3gs refused to recognize all the charging cords I had for it I pulled the trigger on the Razr M shortly after it was released.  Amazon had it for $50 and that was a hell of a deal to me. Amazon has it for .01 cents now. Wow!!!In short its a great awesome phone and I love it. Get it. Its a breathe of fresh air compared to iOS. It's small and sleek, has a great screen, and hasn't dropped a call yet. Read on for the negatives.There is a learning curve. If you are remotely tech savy its easy and refreshing. If not, than stick with iOS. I don't mean that as a knock on iOS. Apple products are just easier. Rudimentary but easy. Anyways, I had big problems dealing with SD cards. Major hassle. I sent 2 phones back to Amazon becuz of issues. Let me explain.The 1st phone I received from Amazon had fingerprints and gunk on it. WTH? I called them and asked them if they sent me a refurbed phone. They said they dont do that but they would replace the one I had via the 30 day return policy. I never even turned it on. I just put it back in the box, printed the return label, sealed it, and sent it back.The 2nd phone arrived. It came in a cushioned envelope... not an Amazon box. Odd i thought, but it was still in the Motorola box and was at least clean. I turned it on and I was happy. Until......I had it for about 2 days and loved playing with my new phone. Then I decided to get a micro SD card for it. 16gb class 10 for about $20 at Fry's. I put the SD card in. Everything was ok until  I decided to take a picture and set the default to save to the external SD card. Bad news kid. Phone crashed and locked up. The phone hated the SD card. I exchanged the micro SD card at Fry's thinking it was messing up my phone. No dice on the new card. Phone kept locking up. Bought a new Sandisk SD card from Office Depot thinking the off brand was the culprit. Phone locked up again and kept doing so. In desperation I reformatted the phone. I got the hang of doing so everytime it crashed. Which was every time I tried to access the external memory. I was pissed. So.....Called Amazon and complained thinking maybe I got a bum phone. What luck huh? Begrudgingly they agreed to send a 3rd one. Kudos to Amazon I suppose. 3rd phone arrived. In preparation I researched online about my problem. It was a 2-3 week old phone so not much was out there about it. I read a little about micro SD cards and came across a thread about the SD card and how the phone was tested using a class 4 SD card. I bought one at Office depot for about $16. 16gb, class 4 micro SD card, and waited for my phone to arrive. Crossing fingers and trying to get my 3gs to charge.Phone came. New Amazon box, new Motorola box, clean phone. So far so good. Popped the 16gb class 4 micro SD card in and fired the phone up. Took a picture with the default set to save to the external SD card and crossed my fingers............Its been a little over 2 months now and I love this phone. The lesser classed SD card did the trick. It takes pics fine and saves to the SD card fine and fast. With the class 10 SD card the phone would lock up every time an app would try to access it. Now with the class 4 SD card, everything is fine and this phone is awesome and I mean that in a tech way. Its sleek, sturdy, and high tech.I even bought the Motorola car dock and use the Smart Actions. I learned how to use Smart actions and vehicle mode. I updated to Jelly Bean. This phone amazes like watching your dog behave in public. Jelly Bean and Smart Actions make this phone do tricks you wouldn't expect. Sometimes u have to setup some stuff up but doing so helps it learn you faster. I love the android Navigation and Jelly Bean voice. I find ways to use the Navigation. The android voice gives directions as if I had my own personal Cortana!Sorry for the long review but I hope this rant helps some who might have had problems with the SD card thing as well. Get a class 4 or similiar card and be happy with this phone. I am.

I sold my iPhone 5 to purchase this and then some..I must say this is fantastic phone. Upgraded to Jelly Bean and the OS is smooth on this phone. Its just as long as the iPhone 5, but much more exciting than the iPhone because of the Droid signature sounds when turn on. It is a must buy!

I was due for an upgrade, so I went with this phone because it was a "free" phone and because the screen is about the same size as the X. I had a Droid X for 2/3 years or something like that. This phone feels like a downgrade in many aspects.The camera is absolute garbage, especially compared to my old phone. There isn't even a macro setting (for small things, like, for example, if you wanted to take a picture of a bug). Maybe it's not a fair comparison, because I'm pretty sure the X had a better camera than a point'n'shoot camera I have.I cannot stand the location of the screen on button. It's right above the volume rocker, and when watching videos or something, I'll go to turn the volume up and turn the screen off and then have to find my place in the video again. The other thing about buttons that really irritates me is that there is NO WAY to connect the notification and ringer volume. You can't just turn the rocker up or down to change both. It only changes the ringer. This irritates the hell out of me. I've tried downloading like every volume app out there to try to fix it in the background, but you can only use them when they're open... so it's at least somewhat of a fix... but it's something that I shouldn't have had to fix.I also miss all of the real-people buttons on the screen. I really like having real buttons for things. Like, I would have preferred to have a real keyboard on a phone, rather than the touch screen one, but not even my old phone had that. The reason being is that my fingers get very cold very frequently and sometimes have a hard time being picked up on any touch screen. I dislike that these buttons will also go away in certain apps, or the lights will dim so you can't see what the button does. It is nice; however, to have the buttons rotate around when you turn the phone. I've had some minor problems trying to open up apps and the phone thinks I've slid my finger to move the screen. This may be because of touch screens not liking me, but my X never did that of which I can think.I've also been having a difficult time with anything with music or sound. For some weird reason, my music skips when I play it in the car. My X never did that once. I also use lightning bug at night for white noise and I've noticed that skipping often. I can't understand why it would skip... it isn't a cd or a tape and in the car, I can't use a tape adapter (anymore) and it has to play through the radio. This is also not a fault of the radio thing, because, again, it has never happened with my X.The nice thing is being able to disable bloatware apps. It still may be on the phone, but you can disable it and it won't bother you anymore. That is a really nice feature that I wish my X had.Getting the SD card out is a pain, but it is a lot easier to do than with the Droid X. No more taking out the battery to remove it.Overall, I really miss my Droid X and I'm honestly thinking about switching back to it.

I replaced my droid incredible with the razr M - I had the incredible for 2 years and it never crashed completely even once, I've had the razr m for a month and it has crashed twice - requiring hard reset - pretty much the exact same apps loaded so I really don't think that is the problem.  additionally the sound was terrible for about a week - happened suddenly, I made a call and it sounded like a blown speaker in your car sounds. all calls I made after that had the same problem. I was going to bring it by the verizon store and trade it in (or whatever) but as anyone knows who goes to a verizon store, you need to have at least an hour to wait to be even spoken to and I was busy with work so I didn't have time to go and in about a week it suddenly improved.  I'm guessing that problem is going to come back.  I like the phone a lot otherwise but I think it is produced more cheaply with cheaper parts than the incredible I used to have.  I'm going to keep it and it's likely any other droid produced today is going to have similar problems so why bother frustrating myself with trying to take it back but I'm definitely disappointed.

This is my second smartphone after upgrading from the Samsung Droid Charge.  The Razr M blows that phone out of the water.  The Razr M is fast, flawless, small (like a phone should be) and thin.  The battery life is great and can last up to 3 days for me.  I usually keep my data off while I'm at work until I need to go online and then I turn my WiFi on when I'm at home.  The only time I burned through the whole battery in one day was when I had data turned on the whole day while using GPS; I was still able to check email, upload pictures to Facebook, send 40+ texts, and make 30 minutes of phone calls before my battery alert warned me that I had 1% battery left.This is probably the most comparable phone to the iPhone and the Razr M is much better in my opinion.  I would definitely recommend this phone!

Was just what the description said.

With my recent switch over from Sprint to Verizon (happy day!), I purchased 1 Motorola Razr Maxx HD for myself, & 3 Motorola Razr M phones for my family members. We've all been using the phones for a few weeks now and not one complaint! The size, design, functionality and battery life of the Razr M far surpasses other more expensive phones. I believe we've finally found the answer to our phone quest with the Motorola Razr M. I would definitely recommend the Razr M to anyone.I must add...Verizon service makes Sprint look like a sick 3 legged junkyard dog!Good Luck!

I upgraded from Motorola Droid so it is a big leap for me. I like this phone for many different reasons but mainly for size and unadulterated Android experience. Phone is easy to handle considering it has 4.3" screen; feels light in shirt pocket. I upgraded to Jelly Bean and Motorola has not messed around with core Android too much. Compared to Samsung Galaxy 3, you would notice how beautiful the fonts, color schemes, menu layout and transitions look. Difference to a keen eye is huge. For example, the settings menu is easier to access than on S3 even though they both have Jelly Bean. Another plus is how few default apps have been thrown in by Verizon compared to TMobile. In fact, Motorola's Smart Actions saves you time and embarrassment. You can configure it to go silent at work, turn on GPS automatically when driving and have it announce caller's name when at home! Also, did you know that this phone has same processor as S3?!!All the apps start quickly, page movements are fluid and videos play loud and clear.Phone looks sexy from all angles. Call quality is acceptable, nothing wrong with it. Battery life is acceptable as well, I am a fairly heavy user of data services through the day and it lasts till night on single charge. Photo quality is 7 out of 10, I felt S3 reproduced slightly more accurate colors. Transferring content to other phones using NFC was a thrill.Overall the phone is pleasure to use, Jelly Bean is what makes the whole experience fun. You can't go wrong for the price.

I originally upgraded to the Razr Maxx after having the HTC Thunderbolt for a year and I was pleased with it other than the fact that the phone is HUGE. So, when the Razr M came out it seemed perfect for my needs. I am a very experienced Droid user and I think this phone is great. My sister just got the Iphone 5 and has yet to find a feature on her phone (other than SIRI) that my phone doesn't have. In fact, the google maps on my phone is waaaay better than her maps. Not to mention that on Droids you get free GPS navigation (not paying attention to data costs). All that being said I will list out the pros and cons. With any phone there will be both.Pros:-OS is lightening fast-Screen is crystal clear (do not get matte screen protector if you care about screen clarity)-Weight is very light, especially for the monster battery (Iphone 5 is lighter, but the battery life pales in comparison)-Battery life is great, I used a ton of data, I am on the phone for work and personal use constantly, I watch Youtube, stream spotify, go on facebook, email, you name it. My battery last 2 days.-Screen size is great, I like how small the phone is yet I can watch videos with 4.3 inch screen in HD!-Phone size is small and thin, whole new world of large screened phones.-Fully customizable like all Droids-Beautiful sleek look, aluminum border, kevlar backing, Corning gorilla glassCons:-because the border is aluminum painted black it will show silver at the edges of the screen with time, but no biggy-not a huge selection of cases and covers available, which is to be expected with any brand new phone-Smart actions app doesn't always work and drains a significant amount of battery life. Cool idea, but it just uses to much power-Now to the only really bad part-For some reason the camera program that comes preloaded in the Razr M doesn't take good pictures at all! But there is a solution my fellow droid users, go to google play store and download ICS+ Camera app. It is only $2.99 and takes perfect pictures. Also it adds a panoramic picture taking function to the phone (Iphone 5 already has preloaded, but o well)Wrap up:All in all, great phone! Best Droid on the market when you consider, screen size, weight, size of phone, os, and battery life. I highly recommend it and let me know if you have any more questions. This was just a general description, but I have info about down and upload speeds, hotspot speeds and camparisons to the Iphone 5.Get this very smart phone!

I have to say that this little guy packs quite a punch. I had an LG Lucid before this phone...six of them!!! That phone was terrible and showcased the worst of android software and hardware. I had software issues, charger port issues, wrong number issues, and screen problems that took their own toll. Bottom line: that was my first LG product and my last one PERIOD.I'm sorry for that rant. That was just a horrible experience. Onto this phone.At first, I thought I was going to get the Galaxy Nexus, but they upgraded me to this phone because they were out of stock on the Nexus. This phone feels really nice in my hand. While I'd want something high-end like a Note II, this phone made me realize how smaller devices are still very necessary for many users. Not only that, but this phone feels tough. I mean REALLY tough. I dropped this thing, caseless in a restroom and it didn't even get a dent or chip.  The screen, is really strong as well. I guess Gorilla Glass 2 makes a huge difference. The colors are nice and vibrant, though unrealistically a bit over saturated, but doesn't look bad by any means. The resolution may not be as high as people hope for, but this is the highest I had on a phone so far. Just remember, this is a budget phone.In terms of hardware, like I said this thing is solid. With this thing being water resistant (not waterproof), made out of aircraft Aluminum and Kevlar backing, and Gorilla Glass 2, you get incredible value for what you pay for. The camera is also nice. Nothing to write home about though. It can be hard to focus and the lighting Is a little hard. I don't know, maybe I need to play with the settings more, and perhaps even experiment with camera apps on Google Play. At least it takes pics pretty fast.For the internal hardware, you get a gig of ram, with the same 1.5 dual-core processor found on the Galaxy SIII. Pretty darn good for a midrange phone if you ask me. One thing that people may not be too thrilled about (and believe me, I'm not either) is that while you get 8GB of storage, you only have 3.5 to 4GB to the user. I sort of half expected this, considering this is a budget phone. However, I have a bunch of apps installed and still have 1.5 free so I can't complain too much. I'm not blaming the OS for the amount of storage it takes, but rather the amount of bloatware apps Verizon insists on having and cannot even remove. They really can't even take a hint that we don't want a lot of these apps. I don't mind the Amazon apps because I love Amazon, I like Kindle, and who wouldn't want a free app a day on their Appstore. I really could care less about the Audible app (but I might get into it someday), but what I don't want is the NFL, Zappos, and the annoying VZ Navigator, all of which you can't even uninstall. You can just disable them so they don't show, but then it just becomes dead space. Like it was to begin with. I do like the office suite you get on it though. You can install a 32 GB micro SD card for your music, pictures, videos, and whatever else you need on there, though I have heard of people going up to 64 GB, depending on the class. I have a 16 GB installed, but will probably get a 32 or 64. If my Galaxy Note 10.1 tablet says it can go up to 32, but it can actually accept 64, then I might look into it for this phone. Also, the battery life is fantastic. I'm a fairly heavy phone user with apps like youtube and Google Chrome, but it has gotten me through the morning to late evening, and even to the nexy day.Performance wise, this phone runs like a dream. I'm not a hard core gamer on my phone, but I've seen Dead Trigger running great on a YouTube review. I play a few games like Words With Friends,  the Tetris games from EA, maybe some other casual and retro platformers, and emulators. They all work very well on this phone.Software wise, it is running Android 4.1 Jelly Bean with MotoBlur on top. You'd think that Motorola's skin would be intrusive, but it really isn't all that bad. In fact, of all the custom skins put out by Samsung and HTC, this actually looks really close to stock, and to a lot of users, that is welcoming. I guess since Google acquired Motorola, they only let their costum UI only enhance stock Android. I like the Smartactions, but in all honesty, this is all stuff that you can do manually. Moreover, Google Now is on here, which is like iOS's Suri, but in a class of its own. I don't think you'll be to disappointed in the accuracy of the voice recognition. After all, this company has been building on this foundation for years since before Suri was even born. I do like the circles widget. It's very handy, but I wish it was more transparent so it doesn't block so much of my wallpaper.Call quality is good on this phone.  The people I talked to sounded clear, but they said I sounded a bit fuzzy. The speaker is pretty good too, even for music and videos. When I connect my Skullcanfd headphones and earbuds, the sound was terrific.Here are some apps that I recommend for this phone specifically:Light Flow - good for customizing this phone' s notification LED for specific apps like Facebook as this phone has multiple color lights supported, but can't be found in the phone settings. There's a lite and paid version.Notification Light Widget - if your notification LED isn't on by default, you will need this. And it is actually made by Motorola. Rather than pushing an update to edit notification lights in the phone settings, they just made this widget instead.Notification Toggles - one thing I missed from the Lucid is that I could pull down the notification bar and have quick settings to tap like screen brightness and data on/off. This phone has no such fair, but with this, you can and then some.Conclusion:Overall, despite some flaws, this is a great phone for the price. The hardware and software is really good for the price and the screen is just the right size. If you get a Verizon salesman pushing another phone like either of the LG Lucids or Samsung Stratospheres, reject them and get this phone. This phone has had a lot of thought, care, and quality put into it, unlike those others I've mentioned. I will update on the camera once I play with it more along with other areas of the phone.Update: so far, I'm still rocking this phone very well and it hasn't had any scratches or dents at all. I'm still taking experimenting with the camera as I haven't had much of a chance to do so, but the pictures are good for the most part. Performance is still excellent overall. Still the best phone you can get at an affordable price!

I loved this phone for the first 14 months. It has a beautiful screen, takes awesome pictures, is fast, and user-friendly. Unfortunately, soon after the warranty expired, the phone became sluggish and my apps began to crash. To try and fix this, I rebooted the phone, but it never was able to come all the way back on - it couldn't get past the start-up screen. I tried a factory restore with no luck. When I took it to Verizon, they tried everything they could, including reloading the entire operating system, but nothing worked. Apparently, the RAM in the phone went bad, due to no fault of myself, and now I'm stuck with a bricked phone. To make matters worse, I never realized that the phone stores all photos internally instead of on the SD card, so I lost everything.I realize it may have just been bad luck that I got a defective phone, but now I have 10 more months until I can get a new one. I'm extremely disappointed in this device. Luckily, I have my old trusty Samsung Continuum that I was able to active. Save yourself the headache and do not get a Droid.

PROS: ICS, Ease of use, Ability to Multi-task, price, Standard Motorola CableCONS: Average battery life (though not bad), off button locationI just upgraded to this from my Droid X (which is not a bad phone, either).  First of all, when I saw that this phone was $50 to $150 less than many other new smartphones on the market I thought there was a significant trade-off.  Well, after about 24 hours of VERY heavy usage and research I have yet to find one other than the lack of HDMI output--which I don't use.  The design is very nice and the quality of the screen is beautiful.  It took a little while getting used to the new OS features and settings, but only because I was coming off an older phone with Android v. 3.  I love the ability to multi-task on this, by selecting from multiple screens, and that Chrome is installed as the default browser.  Also, if you have an old X or Razr, your cords will work with this phone.  Some of you may have known that, I was very happy to learn it.  The camera is MUCH easier to use than the one on the X.  There isn't as much of a lag when snapping photos, and the quality is pretty good for a smartphone.  C'mon! If you want poster quality, get a digital camera!  I have bluetooth in my car and the set-up on this phone was a breeze.  No complaints on call quality either.The only bad things I can say are about the battery (only slightly better than most smartphones, definitely not a deal-killer) and the location of the on/off button above the volume control. Also, there is no 'home' key for taking you back to the main home screen like X had (only a minor personal annoyance).  The pre-installed ringtones are pretty terrible, but this is a non-issue as there are plenty of free alternatives on the Android market.Bottom line:  A great phone for anyone looking to upgrade, or just starting out in the smartphone sphere.

I've always avoided Apple products and really researched the best phone out there for the casual user. After several hours of research I opted for the Razr M.Interesting phone, not too difficult to manouever around. The battery doesn't seem to have much life. But, all things considered, it was doing it's job.Then, about twice a day I started having problems with it locking me out for no reason, and then it started not even coming on. I had to press the power switch and volume-down just to get it to reboot 2-3 times per day with very minimal to almost non-existent usage.I may be too optimistic, but any phone that can't handle the most simple tasks without requiring a re-boot is nothing I'd care to rely on in a tough spot.Back it goes for a phone that has at least some level of reliability.Like I said, it may have been a lemon, but I can't spend my time working with trying to find a good one.I think I'll see if Samsung has better QC in their manufacturing.

I've had this for about a week.  I would use it more if I could get a signal inside the building where I work.The battery life lasts long.  I like that I can turn the data plan off and only use wi-fi.  I don't want those data overages to sneak up on me.Very thin and light.  Fingerprints show easily.  I've started using the stylus that I got for my Kindle.

Thus phone is incredible. I had the original Droid RAZR, then I upgraded. I tried the s3 but I didn't think it was worth the money. So exchanged it for the RAZR m and I'm so happy that I did. It has the same inner CPU as the more expensive phones, I didn't notice any difference in graphics from the S3  and the RAZR m. The battery life is much better then the regular RAZR, and so far it's lasting longer then the S3. So far I've been using it for over 36 hours without charging and I have 35% battery life left. They also stayed rolling out the jelly bean update out. And the size is perfect in your hands. To me so far the best phone out there.

A fairly good phone, but serious problems with easy to figure out without a book.Way too often I'll push an icon or button, and I get it wrong.Just now I was trying to input a friends phone number, that worked ok.  But when I tried to add the friend's home address, the phone starts calling that person.  This happened many times by accident and shouldn't just because I'm new.  If its going to call, the button I push should warn me with something obvious, not something cryptic.

This phone is fast and responsive, and I think the screen implementation is perfect.  I don't want a big unwieldy cell phone like the Galaxy S III or Droid DNA, so having a screen this size in a phone that still comfortably fits my hand is wonderful.I recommend the phone to almost anyone, but it is important to know something going in.  This phone completely lacks the ability to move applications from internal storage to the SD card.  Even third-party applications such as App2SD cannot do so, as they only streamline the native process.  That being said, the phone has ample internal memory, roughly 4.6GB, which is far more than I need for my applications at this time, and I imagine a long time to come.  It is absolutely worth investing in an additional SD card, though, for storing music and video files.  The SD card slot is very easily-accessed on the side of the phone, as well, so that's a plus.The only people I imagine would find substantial disappointments with this phone are serious tinkerers, and even then only a few of them.  It is a strong handset with a great set of features, and I can't recommend it highly enough.

I bought this phone to replace my Galaxy Nexus and I am glad I did.  Motorola radios are much better at pulling in a signal and the battery on this device is outstanding.  After 14 hours of normal use, 4g, 3g, wifi, email and surfing, the batter was at 69%.  My Nexus was at 69% in 2 hours doing nothing.  The screen is excellent, build quality is top notch and the Motorola layer on top of ICS is minimal and more than acceptable.  The only less than stellar aspect of this phone is the camera but this is secondary to data and calls.  Overall I highly recommend this phone.

This phone is great in so many ways. This is my 8th android phone (also have an iphone) and initially this Razr M was my favorite of all. Fast processor, snappy, never freezes, comfortably sized to hold... camera is not great, but that doesn't bother me. I was so pleased with it at first.I have a 16 gb micro-SD to increase it's capacity. After only 10 or so apps that I can't live without installed, I'm now out of space. And there is NO option to move apps to SD card. Apps MUST be housed in internal storage, which is actually much less than the advertised 8 GB (try 4 GB) after Verizon bloatware. I have now limited myself to the most essential apps... Google Maps, Alarm Clock Plus, Chase Bank, etc...This has become a junk phone. I can't do anything with it.

Husband has a Razr M with an otter-box cover, GREAT Product, he dropped in the lake- went about a foot under, grabbed out let dry. Was acting a bit funny, the display jumping... put in bag rice for 2 days, Been Working Great for 10 days now! No issues. How many Products could do that?

I have been through many Droid phones within the last few years, and while each one was improving on the last, it seemed that it was starting to get a bit redundant with basically the same phone in a different "shell."  So when it came time to get a new phone again, I had started heavily considering the iPhone.  But then I saw the Razr M while browsing the store, and I had to try it out.  I was amazed at how fast the phone was, considering its size.  I had the Razr at the time, and the Razr M made it look horribly slow.  As I continued to play around with the phone, I loved how easy it was to customize, from adding extra "home page" slides, to favorite apps, this phone was phenomenal.Now that I have had the phone for a while, I have found I like it even more.  Not only does it have every feature from the Razr, including a good quality camera (for a cell phone at least), it had made improvements on many of the features, including the phone being lighter, smaller and yet still having a very large screen.  The best part about this phone to me so far has been the battery life.  In a normal days use, I never see the battery go below about 60% battery life, and that with web browsing, email, text, and the unlimited data plan.  I have found some apps that drain the battery within an hour, but an Task Killer App (I prefer Advanced Task Manager), pretty much made this a non-issue.  I have also found the internal antenna to be better in this phone, as I constantly have 4G in my house on it, whereas my old Razr would only get 4G in the upstairs bedroom.All in all, this phone is awesome.  It is super fast, the touch screen works great and is very bright, and the phone overall is very easy to use even for someone who has never had a smartphone.

I've been using the Droid Razr M for about 5 months now. I enjoy what this phone offers. It's great. I have all my apps that do what I need. My favorite apps are ES File Explorer along with SyncMe.All the Motorola Droids are well built and handle the day to day bumps. I like this phone because of its size. It's small enough I can put it in my pocket (without the keys). The built-in camera takes really good photos. The GPS through Google is hands down the best. Good-bye Garmin.If you are afraid of smart-phones, do yourself a favor. Buy it and have a patient person show you how to use it. You have 30 days to return it if you buy it through Verizon. There may be a restocking fee, but its worth it to have the chance to get familiar with a smart phone.

The overall functionality of the phone is dreadful at best. The phone has very limited capabilities. After the first android upgrade the processor was virtual ly non-responsive. Spend you .01 somewhere else! Awful experience.

I had an iPhone 4 which I gave to my wife as soon as I bought this phone.  Prior to that I owned several blackberry smart phones.  I also currently own an iPad (first generation).  I do like apple products and I am not here to bash them.  When the iPhone 5 came out I was disappointed.  Nothing really new.  More so than the iPhone or the iPad I was really having issues with iTunes and being locked into their ecosystem.  It was really, and is, a big pain dealing with iTunes.In any event, after researching phones I landed on this phone because I liked its size, the specs, and price.  I use my phone primarily for phone calls, texting, emails.  So the camera and screen quality was less of an issue.  But I have to say the camera is decent (I have a DSLR to take quality pictures) and the screen quality is very good.  I know it isn't HD but I am not going to watch a movie on this thing.  Battery lasts long and the phone is soo quick it is not even funny.Some things I like with this phone compared to my iPhone:  The ability to access my files easily.  I like the widgets and the quick settings menu.  I like that you can customize virtually every aspect of this phone. Ability to add storage with the SD card.One other note:  I like the fact that going forward I am not locked into apple products.  The ability to choose from a diverse set of phones with different specs, uses, and form factors outweighs the fragmentation issues.

Got this phone for my girlfriend for $49 and we have both been nothing but impressed by it.  She wanted a small Android phone, but didn't want to sacrifice screen size, features or power.  We evaluated what was on the market and went for the Razr M.  This phone has definitely made her happy.iPhone's have become the phone most people want when they don't want a massive smartphone in their pocket.  The Razr M brings a viable Android back into this space:Size Comparison to iPhone:Razr M Dimensions:60.9mm(x) 122.5mm(y) 8.3mm (z)iPhone 4S Dimentions:58.6mm(x) 115.2mm(y) 9.3mm (z)iPhone 5 Dimentions:58.6mm(x) 123.8mm(y) 7.6mm (z)Screen Size:Razr M: 4.3"iPhone 4S: 3.5"iPhone 5: 4.0"Weight:Razr M: 126giPhone 4S: 140giPhone 5: 112gSoftware:Android 4.1:It was ready for a Jelly Bean update out of the box.Smart Actions:She'll never use them, but I would and I think it's a great addition by Motorola.Circle Widget:Attractive way to display data.  She loves it.  I have to admit, it looks pretty good.Hardware:Screen:I was worried about the screen based on the technology used, but it looks gorgeous.Radio:I've sat next to her in crap locations while my phone (S3) was on 1X and her phone was on 3G.NFC:NFC makes me happy.  Is great for transmitting small bits of data (phones back to back or NFC stickers) and setting up triggered tasks based on device placement (NFC Stickers).  Stick an NFC sticker to your GPS dock and have the phone automatically go into navigation mode.  To me, NFC alone makes this better than any phone without it.  iPhones, I'm looking at you.  Verizon's blocking of Google Wallet however, limits the full potential of NFC for now and makes me sad.Camera:The rear-facing camera isn't bad by any means, but it that impressive either if you've used recent phones.  I'm pretty sure it uses the same chipset I've seen in phones with better cameras though, so it might get better with an update.  The front-facing camera steps things down a notch to the .3 megapixels that I had hoped we'd all gotten past.  Don't expect to be taking great self portraits without a mirror.Battery:The 2000 mAh Li Ion is incredible.  It keeps this device powered long after most phones (that aren't the Razr Maxx) will die.  The Jelly Bean update does lower battery life a bit, probably because of Google Now more than anything, but it still has better battery life than almost any other device.Overall:The phone is a great compact size with a nice crisp 4.3" display. You're not getting a "retina" display, but the only thing you'll probably ever feel like they skimped on is the front-facing camera.  I highly recommend this phone and at times am slightly jealous of my gf.  My next phone may be a Motorola.

I'd like to start by saying this phone should get four stars. But I read a lot of possibly unfair 1 star reviews here and wanted to offset that a little.This being my first smart phone I was incredibly excited and did a lot of research. Becuase of budget I limited myself to what Verizon offered for free with a 2-year contract. And, to be honest, I think this is probably the best Android phone through Verizon for the money right now. (Of course I could be wrong)Overall, the phone is great. I love the large bright display. Reception is great in my area. I have the smallest data plan so I limit most of my online activities ot WiFi. But when I used the 4G, it seemed fast enough to do what I need to do. I think this is a great little phone.Now here is what I wish I had known before purchasing the phone. It's an 8GB phone. But what they may not tell you in the store or is listed in the very non-specific small print is that about 3.5 GB of that 8GB is already used and cannot be reclaimed. From basic after-purchase research I guess it's from the OS, reserved space for future updates and 'bloatware'. (apps that come with the phone... and in the case of Android / Verizon, cannot be uninstalled). So after purchase you really get about 4 GB of storage for apps. Just be sure to get a microSD card and point your pictures / video to it and I think the average user will be fine with the remaining space. I tend to get app happy on my Android tablet. I'm just being a little more conscious of apps and space with my new phone.,I look at it like this, I can tolerate having what is actually a 4GB phone and I can tolerate the bloatware for a really nice phone that was basically free. The good news for us Android users is that we have the micro SD slot where you can store your pictures, movies and songs. And we don't have to deal with iTunes. (the main reason I did not choose an iPhone) So bottom line for me is that I'm okay with those compromises.I would recommend this phone. Just know going in that you'll have about 1/2 as much space as advertised and a lot of pre-installed apps that you may not use and cannot remove.

This phone was given to me and I took it because of its GSM support, which my previous, antiquated HTC Incredible did not support, and because said HTC was chronically running out of memory. I regret it. The phone reboots at random several times a day, photos are lousy (they are reddish no matter what the ambient light is) and I just discovered that all the photos I had taken until this week-end, and which I had been careful to store on the SD card, have disappeared. They are no longer on the card or anywhere else. Among other annoyances, you can't move apps to the SD card, so that I eventually will also run out of memory on this phone too. Not buying a Motorola phone for the next 10 years.

The phone is small, lightweight, and has a crystal clear display. Compared to my current Droid X, this is far, far superior.Action to the applications is quick and responsive. The battery life is slightly better than expected for a smartphone. The new OS (ice cream sandwich) is very useful and friendly.More importantly, the customer service at Amazon is amazing.  I was informed of every step in the process of upgrading my line. There was an issue at Verizon that blocked the upgrade while the phone was being shipped, and it was automatically recalled back to Amazon. The customer service agents were great in getting things resolved, and sending me another phone immediately. They called as soon as it was delivered to help ensure it was activated and working properly, and then called back later just ensure I was happy.Amazon is what makes the customer service at other establishments bearable.

I upgraded to the Droid Razr M from the Droid yesterday, and so far I'm very happy. Much faster than my old phone, and the battery seems to last far longer too (not that I had much trouble with my old Droid.) I've replaced the stock launcher with Launcher Pro, which I had been using on my old phone. The Plus upgrade transferred over easily also. Since I replaced the stock launcher, the interface is almost identical to what I am used to. The main differences are listed below:The power button was moved from the top right to the right top. Not a big difference, but I've already found that some of my habits don't work anymore, like picking it up in such a way as to turn it on simultaneously. It's also a little harder to find with my finger, but I'm still sure I'll get used to it.The charging port was moved from the left top to the left bottom, and rotated backward. When I'm in my car, I plug in the phone and place it vertically in the cup holder where I can see it without moving much more than my eyes. Fortunately I have a cut-out on the side of the cupholder in my car. If I didn't this would definitely cause a problem. If you have a similar habit, check whether this will still work for you. The port is only about an inch from the bottom of the phone.The menu button doesn't always display. This is actually a good thing, because some apps don't use that button, and this way you can tell if there's actually a menu.The search button has been replaced with a recently used apps button. I'm not seeing this being more useful, but truthfully, I don't think I used the search button very often, and there is now a Google Search widget. Not necessary on the old phone because of the button, but I guess they decided that this would be better.The ring tones aren't very good. Of course, this is just my opinion, but none really sound to me like "my" phone. Or even "a phone" for that matter. I guess I'll go find an app for that later, but in the mean time I'm using my old ringtone. The notifications are better, but I haven't found a way to set one for gmail separately; it just uses the default.Settings are easier to navigate. Or at least prettier, with a smaller font so more fit on the screen. Anyway, I think this is better.I like the Smart Actions app. I do like that it lets me change settings on things like Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, mobile data, screen brightness, volume, etc based on a trigger like connecting to my home Wi-Fi network, being (or not being) plugged in, time of day, battery level, and/or not moving for a while. Still working on making it work right for me. My biggest complaint so far is that there seems to be no way to detect "in the car" besides connecting to your car's bluetooth (which I don't have.) My wish is that it could check speed, or disconnecting from Wi-Fi. Speaking of which, for some reason it wasn't able to use my location because it couldn't determine an address... even though it could place me correctly on the map. Not sure why it needs an address to tell if I'm within a certain distance of a given location. So, Smart Actions has its pros and cons. If you don't like it, don't use it. If you do, you can make basic actions like turning the volume and brightness down at night, and then back up in the morning. You can also make more complex ones using numerous triggers (e.g. being plugged in and connected to wi-fi and in a certain location.)Having ordered mine from Amazon, it came with several Amazon apps preinstalled, and a few other shopping apps that I'm not familiar with (my wife said one sold shoes... whatever.) Take this as you will. For a $99 price difference between Amazon and Verizon, I'll accept a few extra unremovable apps for the next 2 years.Edit: I've now had this phone for about a month and a half. As expected, some of the changes I've learned to deal with, like the power button placement, however I still prefer the top placement, as the volume buttons are harder to find accurately this way. As for the charging port, the change of orientation no longer bothers me as much, but I still wish it had a light to indicate that it was actually charging.I really like the recently-used Apps button now. It helps the phone act as a multitasking system. Think of it like a version of the task bar on a Windows computer, that shows all your running apps... only it's not just the ones currently running; it also shows the ones you've recently started and exited (so if you really like a certain app, you can quit and instead of finding it on a desktop, you can quickly find it there.)I've also gotten to love the Google Now features. These include cards that tell such things as how long it will take you to get home or to work, what the weather forecast is, the details of your upcoming flights, and what events are coming up in your area. There is also a search bar in the cards view, so it's a quick and easy way to do a google search. I've turned on a setting so that I just have to drag the home icon up to activate it, so I no longer miss the search button being always on the screen. This is just as convenient.Still loving Smart Actions. Still frustrated that there's no good way for it to tell that I'm in the car.The phone is still fast and smooth. Unfortunately the 8 GB preinstalled only has 4 GB usable for apps, and you can't install apps to the SD card. I'm at about 1 GB of the 4 GB app limit. I can't yet predict whether I'll hit the limit before I'm done with the phone. I'm irritated that the limit is so low because I like my technology to be future-resistant. It's definitely enough for now, but over time, requirements tend to grow and I expect that for many, possibly including myself, they will outgrow the capabilities of this phone. I see this 4 GB limit as the bottleneck.

This is my first new phone in two years, I upgraded from the droid incredible.  I have no big complaints about this phone and overall happy I got this instead of an iphone.One thing to note about the screen, is that sucks trying to read the screen in sunlight, my old droid did not have that issue.  I get a bad glare when ever there is sun shinning on it.Second,  I wish they would put the on/off button on the different location, its very annoying have the on off button right nexts to the volume button.i really like the new OS.  very nice,  the phone is laid out nicely, sound is great, internet is fast and I would buy this phone again.

Bought this phone for my wife this weekend.  Our first smart phone and overall we love it.PROS:-Good battery life (especially compared to the Samsung feature phone she had the past 1+yr)-Running Android 4.1-Speedy at doing everything (apps open up faster than on my nexus 7 tablet)-Great screen = dims enough to use at night and not annoy anyone and very bright during sunny dayCONS:-Only 4+GB of available internal storage space-no micro HDMI port-Can't move apps off internal storage to micro SD card!!Some people have complained about the battery life, and yes the battery life sucks if you are a heavy smart phone user... but I have yet to hear from my heavy phone users that their smart phone last more than 24+ hrs after heavy use.  We have only had the phone 5 days and have charged it twice.  The first charge came after a day and a half because I was installing all my apps and updating others that came pre installed on the phone.  I just charged it last night after almost 3 days.  Again not amazing battery life but I have yet to hear of any smart phone that last longer than 24 hrs from heavy use.Motorola made some changes to Jelly Bean and that is where my biggest CON for this phone comes from.  Motorola, in its infinite wisdom, to prevent rooters from rooting the Razr M, eliminated the option to move apps to micro SD card.  4 gigs is not enough space for apps if you like a tons of apps and you like trying new ones without having to worry about deleting others to make room.Basically, you HAVE to buy a micro SD card for this phone. Period.  I have a 32GB card in the phone and I should be able to get my photos, music, and videos on the card and use the internal space solely for apps.  I stream most of my big files from 3 cloud services but I like the convenience of having my files on my devices if possible.If I had paid $100 for this phone, instead of $0, I would be even more annoyed by the storage issues.  That being said, this phone is a great budget smart phone.

The Razr M is a great phone for everyday use. The charge lasts all day with moderate usage and the circle display lets you know exactly how much battery life is left. I sometimes go a couple days on a charge. I've set up the smart actions to help manage the battery at home and work locations to turn on Wi-Fi, turn off GPS, turn off mobile data.  The Hotspot comes in handy to drive my kindle or laptop when I'm out and about. I get great reception with clear sound, and the camera works better than expected.Motorola DROID RAZR M 4G Android Phone, Black 8GB (Verizon Wireless)

best smartphone i have ever had, small size but large screen is a plus and the thinness makes it look sleek and rugged with the high grade materials. battery life is not as expected but gets through the day with about 50% at 9:00. my huawei had 70% at the end of the day and a better camera but with all the new updates you have more editing to do with pictures and effects which is much better than any iphone can offer, overall this phone is slim, lightning fast and a must have for anybody wanting the newest software and still able to throw around your phone without it getting destroyed

I switched from a Bionic. I love this phone. It's small but has the same size screen as the Bionic. It's also fast. I'm amazed that it's small and does everything I need. The battery life blows away the Bionic, I love it. There is one drawback, the camera isn't very good as others have stated. For me, I would take pictures of appliance labels (which have very small writing) for my job.  It won't focus on the small letters like my Bionic would. It's not a deal killer for me and I still love the phone.

I've had the phone for 8 months now and it is fantastic. I can go 2 days without charging if I'm being conservative with it. It's fast enough to play all the games I'd like. Adding a 16gig card keeps it running smooth. Don't worry about the non-removable battery, you'll never need to. It seems to be the perfect size, as well. Very thin, very tough with a great sized screen. I don't use any protecters on it, and it doesn't have a scratch. For $50 I thought it was a bargain, but now it's available for free with a 2 year contract. Order this phone.

I upgraded from a Droid X. The X was a good phone but, for me, just a bit too big. It was like a brick in a shirt pocket. All of the M's features have been covered here so I'll just say that it is the perfect size. I absolutely love that they made a phone in a size I want. I have some friends that own S3's and the only advantage I can see is that it can be used as a snack tray when not being used as a phone. I detect a touch of embarrassment in their faces when they pull that behemoth out of the cargo pocket.Not so with the M, it's got an elegance to it

The droid RAZR m is such a user friendly phone. It has a large screen display and a fast processor. Its great for watching HD videos and surfing the web. This phone had everything you can ask for. in my opinion it blows any I phone out of the water. The best part is if you open a new Verizon account you get the phone for free. I have no complaints about this phone and it has an awesome battery life. I highly recommend this phone. Absol

I had a Droid Bionic and wanted something a bit smaller.  I'm very happy with the phone. Its a great size, battery life is excellent (85% after typical day), screen is just fine (despite what the on-line reviews say, I don't see any pixelation), camera takes pictures MUCH faster than the BIONIC, phone is very snappy.I'm a minimal usage user of the phone.  I check email a few times a day when I'm not in front of a computer, send maybe five texts, make a phone call or two, and look up a few things (maps, browser) while I'm out and about.  I have the phone set to use WiFi at home and work (which is most of the time), have 4G turned off (I'll turn it on if I need good data throughput), and have my screen sent to minimal brightness (use power controls widget to turn it up if I'm outside) to save battery life.4G download speeds where 19.9 mbps down and 5.9 mbps up in the Louisville KY area.The only thing I don't like so far is the way the GMail app in ICS shows the sender's name in bold instead of the subject.  That's Google's fault though and will be the same for all Ice Cream Sandwich phones.Don't hesitate to get this phone, especially considering the price!

I just replaced my Droid Charge with the Droid RAZR M.  Verizon let me upgrade two months early as you couldn't beat the price.  I will say the battery lasts a lot longer.  I have been using it all day and haven't charged it yet.  My Charge would have been charged 3 times already. The internet access is much quicker.  The features are much clearer.  All around it is a better phone, but it does have technology that is 1.5 years more advanced than the Charge.  I won't give it 5 stars yet.  If it keeps working the way it is, than I will give it 5 stars.Update: I have had this phone for just about 2 weeks now and it is by far the best phone I have had. I have had smart phones since they started making them The battery life is incredible for a smart phone. I can go all day without a charge. I talk 6+ hours a day, text, e-mail, surf the internet and play games. Still at the end of the day, it has a charge left. Also, the phone feels sturdy. It doesn't feel like cheap plastic which so many do.It also has awesome connection speed. It doesn't freeze. I would definitely recommend this phone!
