
i love the phone but i cant get the interent thru my provider to work since i ahve t mobile and this is a at&t phone or picture messages cant send or recieve

Item arrived on time. I sent it to Africa as my mother Christmas gift and she was happy. Price was reasonable and could work any network that  uses sim card.

I Love this phone it is a step up from the norm for me I'm still learning how to use it with my daughter's help but it came on time, packaged good and I love Amazon!

I LOVE THIS PHONE! It's amazing! It charges quickly, it's fast, and the price is great. I had a budget of $100, and I saw this and was so happy! I love it! The only thing I would say about it, is that the battery life is terrible. I can't go a day without charging it. Other than that though, it's a great phone. I would totally suggest getting it.

This phone has a very good perfomance. I am satisficed with this purchase and I reccomended to another customers. Thanks

Returned the phone.  I don't think it was the seller at fault.  i just came to the conclusion it was a faulty phone.

I like the phone but I cant find a case for it and the battery wont hold a charge. I have never had to charge my old phone like I do this one. I have to charge it once and sometimes twice every day.. Did I get an old battery or what? This is NOT good.. You talked me into ordering a case from you when I ordered the phone but YOU sent me a CASE THAT WONT FIT either phone.

great phone, nice & smooth, only cons the volume for musis its not that loud....everything else,..great value!!!! you have to buy it

My daugher decided to purchase this phone as she wanted a full keyboard as well as a smartphone.  We currently have Consumer Cellular as our provider which wasn't an issue in getting the phone to work for calls and texting.  However, the 3G functionality will not work at all, she can only use WiFi.  In reading the instruction manual, it states that AT&T is required to use 3G.  So if you are looking for that functionality and don't currently utilize AT&T, you may want to look at a different phone.  She seems to like the phone other than that issue, she was just disappointed that she can't use all the functionality whenever she wants.

This product came working, and it does it's job. However it's fine if you only want to run a android 2.2.2 version. I needed a 2.3.7 for certain apps to function properly. So you lose a little with that. I don't know how to upgrade it farther but the update button shows it's up to date and refuses to update farther. That's the only reason it got a 3/5 rating

This phone is cute but I VERY OFTEN have to send text messages repeatedly before they ever go through.  i mean phone are supposed to be there for emergency right? there is no way I can be sure that i can send an emergency txt if in trouble, AND THAT BOTHERS ME. Now a new problem has arisen. Twice in the last week alone, my phone has frozen. i have to take the battery out to restart it.  the other reviews about the quiet microphones are correct.  I cannot play the speaker as loud as any phone I have previously had plays.....6MONTH UPDATE: the phone would not turn on this morning. I heard it beep early this morning and then it just shut off. REally? 6months for a phone? even tho it was cheap i feel like I never got my money's worth.  this so sucks!!!!!!!!!!

When this phone arrived, I expected a cheap quality product. I wanted to use this phone as a temporary device. Then when Amazon shipped it, this phone really went beyond my expectations. I loved how the phone was really quick and easy to navigate through.ProsReally nice looking phoneEasy to use weather your an advanced android user or a first time android usergoes pretty fast for it's processorLove the keyboardConsSometimes it freezesBrowsing the web is kinda hard when scrolling up and downtouch screen is made out of plasticLooses wifi connection once in a whileHard to find casesOther then that this phone is a really great buy. It does everything it is suppose to do for a cheap price. I love it and although it has some unflattering features, I honestly think this phone is a good buy.

With all the new phones out there, this really stood out. I used it with my T-Mobile service,but I had to change some settings. My telecommunications background helped me quite a bit. Contact your  service provider to update the APN because the settings does not automatically change on this phone therefore you will not have access to mobile data; it will just act like (POTS) Plain Old Telephone Service.

It took some time to deal with some of the problems with this phone such as low internal memory due to bloatware. I had to "root" the phone in order to remove the excessive unwanted bloatware (unwanted/un-needed apps) included with the phone that cannot be removed through normal means. Then I had more internal memory, but still not enough. I partitioned the MicroSD card (I replaced the included 2GB MicroSD card with a purchased 8GB), installed Link2SD, and now have more than 200 working apps on this phone.If you want to truly unlock the full potential of this device, I highly recommend rooting the phone, partitioning the MicroSD card, and linking all apps/libraries using Link2SD app.This phone's firmware does not support ROM swap, in case you are looking for a phone that does.The battery is short on longevity so plan to buy an adapter to charge in your car, and plan to bring your charger with you everywhere. Using WiFi continuously will drain the battery very quickly.Overall, I gave this phone 5 Stars because what it may lack in features compared to powerful Droid Razors, when configured properly, it will easily outperform other phones in its same size class! Enjoy!

This is a really nice phone.  I just don't like the fact that they have it listed as an unlocked phone, but when I received it mine was not not unlocked.  I get good service no dropped calls but I am having a problem with getting online with it.  Trying to connect to wifi it says scanning, connecting and then disconnected.  I went online an got a manual which one did not come in my phone box.  So I downloaded an manual an everything I have tried it still wont work to connect the wifi.  While trying to configure wifi, it says something about a network certificate from the sd card, which when you tap on that it have an error message (No certificate in the sd card.)  I hate to get rid of the phone because of not being able to connect to wifi/internet but it gives me something to do when your at work or on the go. If you don't care about getting online with the phone get it you will be pleased, but if you do care like me DO NOT get it.

Just what i was looking for easy to txt on battery doesnt last as long as i want but owell i use the internet a lot so thats the reason. Other then that its a good phone to have arrived like 4 days before it said it would so i loved that too the best service ive had on amazon so far and i order like everyweek.

Sim card didn't work, was not compatible with t mobile as stated.  Actually.is an AT&T cell phone. Also, ordered phone covet for phone, which seller said went with cell. They didn't fit.

bought this for my kid and he loves it. he actually picked the model. &#34;it slides and it's touch!&#34;, he exclaimed. i think it's cheap enough for a kid (some might not agree) with great features close to the gold priced ones. so after bugging dad and mom for quite some time he finally gets his very own phone. it says at&t all over but it is an unlocked phone so you can use it with networks that uses sim cards.

The phone meets my expectations as I have been looking for an Android replacement for my Palm Treo 680 with prepaid T-Mobile service. However users should be aware of several deficiencies that may affect their experience:1) Small amount of memory.2) Stability issues/older Android version 2.2.2 (hang-ups of the OS, SD card disconnections, WiFi problems).3) Battery life. Must recharge daily, turning off WiFi when not used is recommended.4) No 4G.5) Poor quality camera. No front camera.6) Somewhat problematic headphones socket (must push that 3.5 mm jack hard down, not every jack is working well with it).Pros:1) Great quality hardware keyboard.2) Small but acceptable quality touch screen.3) Small size, light.4) Wifi, BT.5) Surprisingly fast response for a 600 MHz CPU.In overall, it is a good phone that does the job. It already survived unscathed one fall from approx 1 yard height to the hard floor, so it is relatively sturdy (no comparison to the brick style Palm Treo or Nokia old style brick phones, these could really take great deal of punishment and survive, falls to the concrete, rubbing with the metal keys in the pocket etc. - this phone would not survive such punishment). I am in general satisifed with my purchase, but can not rate above 3 starts. This is not the highest class phone.

Sucks do not buy will not work properly internet can not. Work aany where only when hooked to wifi can u use internet

excellent phone, take me istale liea veezuela and movistar and everything perfect. 3g levata cotinuo, something that they do very few phones in this country. I recommend  ----  excelente telefono, me lo lleve a venezuela y le instale linea de movistar y todo perfecto. levanta 3g cotinuo, algo que lo hacen muy pocos telefonos en este pais. Lo recomiendo

Sorry, there was no Sim card with this phone, so until they send me the card the phone is useless.

Its a great phone but not the greatest...I like it because it fits to my lifestyle but if love tech and touch screen dont buy it...

Worst phone I have ever had, it has no memory whatsoever! When you get one text, you have to delete it in order to reply and you can only have 1 app, and you can't use the apparently till you buy and SD card for the phone and you can't save anything to the SD card and use it on tyw phone because its not saved to the phone. DO NOT BUY THIS! Biggest waste of money I have ever spent!

Easy to use!  You will like the phone, good size screen.  easy to see key broad .The phone has many features good graphics..

I purchased this phone  because it was a smart phone with a keyboard.  When I got it there was no sim card so I had to use my old one.  The phone will not keep a charge for more than two hours even when not in use.  It constantly freezes up and I have to take the battery out to reboot it.  It is absolutely horrible.  And to top it all off the case I order with it does not fit and I haven't been able to find one in any store that even carries the case.  Do not buy this phone.

got this replacement phone for my son. he loves it. not too expensive and has all the features he enjoys. good product. works great

Today, I ordered this cell, it is actually the second one I bought. The first I broke :(4/5 stars because the battery life could be a lot longer.So what is good/ bad.Good:Great size, not to big, not to small. The Android OS works great, I get my g-mail, youtube, (which I do a LOT on youtube)You have Twitter and Facebook integration as expected. I do not and will not use these services on my phone, but it is there if you want it. The touch screen works great,scrolling up/down, etc and it responds as it should. Micro SD card up to 32Gigs for your pics/music, etc as expected. Open micro USB charging port so every single wall charger/car charger that we have works regardless of who makes the phone except of course for crApple. I watch youtube videos through wi-fi and it looks and sounds great, I get news feeds from my tech channels and blogs, all work perfect.About the design:Like I said above, not to big, not to small, fits in your pocket comfortably, but get a car holder for your mp3 player. The keyboard as you know is under the screen, slides up to expose it, nice and smooth slide. Not sticky, does not make a clicking sound, etc. Best of all the keys, they are RUBBER not cheep plastic! They work great, and feel awesome. The rubber makes your fingers grip the keys so you don't slide around to much, you get great feeling feedback through your fingers. Perfect QWERTY keyboard. I hate the on screen keyboard's on the i-sheep devices, and what not because I can not FEEL the keys. You know that keyboard feeling on your desktop? Imagine what it would feel like with a flat keyboard that did not have the feeling and sound of the clicking of the keys?  No not right, would be weird..These don't click, but are not supposed to, but still feel great.Anyways...The Micro SD card is behind under the back cover. I was looking all around the sides of the phone like most others, then found it when I just decided to look where the battery is.Ok so the bad:The battery as usual kinda sucks. Like one day charge. I know that is actually GOOD compared to more expensive and much more powerful smart phones, but is annoying. Like if you go to work, then forget it in the car powered on.. then go home 9 hours later and it is dying or is dead. Keep a car charger with you. Power off when not being used for hours. Charge it at night or when you sleep also.Also the phone takes hours to charge. (like 3-4 give/take)  Not a bad thing if you are going to bed, but if it dies in the afternoon and you are going out, again, bring a car charger.The global GPS settings are on by default. This only helps you finds things on maps, and what not. Most of the time it is not useful, and KILLS battery life. Turn it off if you don't need it and you WILL see a large improvement. (Plus there are security issues with it.. tracking and spying and yea.)Overall:I recommend this product for anybody wanting a cheep, efficient Android phone that is UN-locked.Buy a micro SD card to go with it as the internal storage is a joke. (Think about 80 Megs minus the OS)Buy a car charger and maybe an other wall charger as the battery sucks.Great design, keyboard has rubber keys and feels great.Hope this helps.

Only problem is the charge does not last long. It is very good for the way we use our phone.

WAS HAPPY ON THE PRICE OF THE PHONE BEING NEW AND HOW FAST IT CAME TO MY HOUSE I LOVE MY PHONE!

Sometime I can send messges sometime I cant sd card it a say insert sd card when its already in there uuummm I just wouldnt refer nobody to buy this phone

I like the way this phone looks but I wish it was faster not fast enough for me,Thank you bye

Returned do to could not use as a straight talk phone and my nephew needed straight talk phone. Thank you

This phone is a great price for a capacitive touch screen smart Android phone.There were some issues though and I contacted the number on the Sharp manualand was told the one year warrenty in the manual does not apply to Sharp unlocked phones -- hmmmm,I'll think twice about buying Sharp again, and have no guilt about returning their products.I did contact Phone Etc and they stood behind the product and shipped me a replacement, so Kudo's to Phone Etc,they stand behind their store even when the manufacturer didn't.

It dies after 2 hours. The sim card says replace every other day. It's slow. When you click on one thing it goes to another. Never will I buy another phone off of amazon.

Had trouble holding charge at first but seems to be ok now and mostly satisfied with the performance of the phone.

What was showed on the picture, and the description does not match. It has stopped to work since. My son does not enjoy the battery duration. The battery die too soon.

this phone is very Glitchy. Ive had to reset my phone twice. I think sharp should have stuck with tvs

Awesone phone for my needs. had problems shutdown at first few weeks, but I had it fixed.. the battery had kinda loose from where power goes to the system, I had to put a very thin piece of sticky tape to get them tighter. and if you had too many apps running in the background it shuts down too.. I had unintalled all of the apps, kept only 3.. the phone works like a champ now.For the price $63 when I bought it, can't complain.. the qwerty keyboard is awesome for texting.One more thing, the screen is super clear very colors.

Run away as fast as you can from this phone regardless of how cheap it advertises for. Not only is it cheap in price, so is it in design. Should have read other reviews before purchasing could have saved a $100. This phone does everything else except what it's supposed to do. It dials people in your contacts without prompts, including 911 too. Freezes frequently. Makes sounds in back ground like someone is dialing but your not. Dropped calls so frequently I quit making business calls on it. If you hot on texting, this is the ONLY thing I found this phone to do well. Put in a few more $$$ and get you a better phone.

its a fairly good phone but the memory is too little could of been better i bought a 32 gb sd card but yet most apps have to be stored on phone so that the problem. ringer is soft along with the hearing you have to put it on speaker.

Good business! Product exceeds my expectation and works great, looks really sharp.  I'm totally happy with my choice, and recommend to others.

dont buy this phone. it worked for about a week or so then it started to lag all the time. because this is an unlocked phone it is not able to recieve updates from the provider it is suppose to, in this case at&t. i used this phone for t mobile and it would freeze all day and every time you receive a text message you have to wate for it to load, not to mention all the dropped calls and lack of reception anywhere. the only positive thing i have to say about this phone is the key board is very nice, also the battery life is godawful, it is an android though so what can i say. spend $20 more dollars and buy the windows 521 it is a way better phone and is well worth is.

i ordered this phone for myself and mom. they work great. we are somewhat old school and we are still learning the phone but all in all, everything works great. delivered on time

This phone is not expensive and it runs android.  Now for the bad: the battery runs out of juice in 10 hours of inactivity and the processor is slower than snail.

My fiancee loves this phone, I made a believer out of her that this one is good for her =)

We bought this for texting and calling.  We don't use it as a smartphone, so can't rate if for apps and net access.  One nice feature is we can surf the net while connected to the wifi even without a data plan.  One bad point is contacts didn't transfer from sim card because it was an unlocked phone instead of a tmobile phone.

Just got this phone for my husband because his stopped charging. It shipped the same day I ordered it and delivered a day before it was scheduled to. All in all, it's a nice little phone. He just put in his sim card for straight talk and he had service.  Unfortunately the battery does not hold a charge for very long. He had to keep shutting off the internet to reserve the battery.  Other than that, the phone is a great deal for an unlocked android touch screen phone.

it's ok but it has hell connecting to the internet as well as it will not teather, also i have to pull the battery about twice a week due to it freezing up so much.

This was an upgrade for my husband's flip phone that he had for over 3 years and it is user friendly to set up.  Easy to read screen and sliding screen are just a few of it's nice features.

phones were not unlocked had to email them took 2 days to unlock 2 of them never unlocked third .I sent them back . Phones kept rebooting. I would not buy these phones .

This was my first Smart Phone, my last phone was a Sony Ericson Walkman E350 which was basically a feature phone.  My expectations were low because I knew this was three year old design running a very old version of Android, and on the low end when it was new.  Despite this, it ran almost every App I was interested in, other than Netflix which was a slideshow.  I mostly bought this for the Keyboard for the text messaging, but was pleasantly surprised with the Apps.  It doesn't have a front facing camera so it isn't practical for Video Skype calls, though it makes audio calls just fine.  Running the Skype Software didn't even offer the option for video calls so it might be a hardware limitation so the software doesn't enable it. It runs Youtube just fine, in fact I like the Android App interface better than the Xbox App, which is useless.  I subscribe to a lot of Channels so this should get a lot of youtube use.  It seems fast and responsive, but this being my first touch screen device, I have nothing to compare it to.  Facebook works fine. My only real complaint is the lack of storage and all the crapware At&T; installed on it without the option to uninstall it.  I'm currently looking into the option of Rooting it, but have to do more research on the matter.  I would like to move more programs to the SD card, but they can't be moved either.  I've only been able to install 3 apps before running out of phone space, then I can't receive text messages either.  Still, this phone is a great deal if you just want a phone with a decent keyboard for texting.  I really wanted a sidekick, but couldn't afford it.Update: It can be rooted, but you can't get any space back from the pre-installed apps.  You can only get more space installing a Rom image to replace the original.  I've been to two message boards that were working on one, but they were never able to get it working 100%.  Eventually they gave up because the Sharps sold the rights to the phone and both companies kept referring them back and forth to the other.  Whatever test roms they produced are dead links now. I eventually had to uninstall all my apps and just use the default Twitter, Facebook, and Youtube apps because eventually the caches fill up phone memory.  Plus all the Apps seem to only want to install to the main memory.  I have a 2gb SD card and can only save pictures and video to it.  There is only about 160mb of memory to install apps.  Also, the whatever programs I did manage to install to the SD card would crash because the connection to the SD card is problematic.  I was always unloading and loading to get twitter to work.  Avoid this phone, isn't worth the bother.  Pay the xtra $100 to get a phone with at least 1gb of memory too.  If it says the phone has 512mb, then it isn't enough for the android OS, phone apps, and whatever crapware they install. Make sure the phone is very popular and had a lot of sales so you'll be sure the rooting community made Roms for.  This phone just didn't have big enough following to warrant the effort to create custom roms.  Sad, because this could have been a good phone with all the fat trimmed off it.

I like this phone as far as i bought itexcellent  for making phone callswifi internate and speakerphoneeverybody that needs android  phones should by this phone

These phones are junk at any price(I paid more for mine).It frequently drops calls,does not complete calls and even makes random calls while you are not using the phone.Repeatedly.I don't believe these results to be unusual because I OWN TWO OF THEM.Don't waste your money,They are garbage!

This phone is great! Even though its small it still offers everything smartphones have to offer. Easy to operate but ringer and alarm is a little low.

the phone now is dead i try to take the batterie out and put them back but is still dead how can i return it?

When i got it, it said att on it, so i thought you shippped the wrong one and i gave it away.

First it wouldn't pick up internet service and next stopped receiving calls. Then finally the touch screen stopped working. This phone was a real disappointment.

When I purchased this phone, I didn't really know what unlocked meant.  I do now, and I have discovered that the phone is NOT UNLOCKED!! Which means it will not work with any other carrier except AT&T.;  I use a different carrier.  The settings are such that you can't change this.  I will probably return the phone to Amazon.This is the first Android phone or Smart Phone I have ever had.  It does everything I wanted and then some.  It was a great price and I do recommend it.The only thing that did not come with it was the CD.

Great company to go through there word is just what they do and product is up to what is shown and does everything listed. 100% rating from me. Luv it

This is not a good phone. It will go off in your pocket and call people. When you cut it off it comes back on.

The battery does not last long, I have to charge it alot.  Any suggestions for a different battery that lasts longer for this type of phone?

I only had the phone for approximately 3 weeks and everything was going wrong. It corrupted my SD card with over 100 irreplaceable pictures and I kept getting messages that the phone had no memory space. But Amazon was very good to me and gave me a refund without any problems. Thank you

The phone is very good and reached me in good time. It has many functions that are needed foe modern communication

This phone does not work with T- Mobile Sim card. It should be clear on the description, so that it would not waste customers time and stresses.

do not order this phone i ordered it for my daughter she didn&#34;t have it a week before it started giving us problems first the text messages could not be sent she was able to receive text messages but she couldn't send any, next the touch screen began to freeze up when touched it would not respond it looks cute but it is definitely defective.

its a small android phone, not high in specs as the price would imply but reliable good first phone for a kid.

I bought this one for my child and he likes it very much. Easy and fun to use. But the quality is not good. It couldn't start in a month. We had to return it.

I had to spend an hour on the phone with T-Mobile actually getting these phones to work.  Then after trying to download some aps I found out it only hold about 10 of them.  It has no GPS even though the ad says it does.  They are horribly slow, even on wifi with a huge lag between when you try to open something and it actually opens.  Good for emergency phones but do yourself a favor and get something else.

I like this phone a lot and it's pretty good. The camera sucks but I guess if you pay $50 for a phone that's to be expected... The touch screen is very good, and the resolution is pretty good too. The touch screen keyboard glitches sometimes but over all it works well. It connects to Wi-fi pretty good and it loads things pretty fast. One thing that I had a really hard time with is it has barely any space I could download like 4 apps (Facebook, Tumblr, Instagram, We heart it) and then it would be out of space. It also can not hold a charge for very long, It lasts about 4 - 6 hours.

Great phone, good battery life, and is great in every way with only the flaw of not sending or getting txt msgs with simple mobile.

I bought this phone on amazon and i love this phone for my daughter. The only problem i had is that it is advertised as unlocked, when in fact it is locked to at&t carrier. I had to pay someone to unlock it for me which is extra money i had to pay.

It arrive on time and in perfect condition. The cellphone work great and have a crisp looking screen.The battery life is not so good but that not a great problem for me.

This phone was everything that it was advertised to be. It has worked really well for me. I am very happy that I chanced purchasing it.

i cant reiceve of send any picture messages on my phone, The sound goes in and out , the speaker phone goes in and out

The phone is a nice phone but it locks up everyday and I have to take battery out to restart it. That was the only problem but unfortunately that was a big problem.

Piece of garbage! Force closes all the time. Freezes up and you have to take the battery out to reboot. Great value but for literally nothing! I've purchased 10 dollar phones that work better! Buyer beware!!

This is a value priced smartphone, and as such it will be missing some of the glitz and glam of contract cell phones such as a high quality camera, slower loading speeds etc. Big thing to note is 3G capabilities. I'm currently under a T-mobile plan(was looking for a cheap alternative for a broken phone until upgrade time) and tried to connect to the 3G network and failed without a good bit of tinkering with settings, and finding proxy servers to connect through.That said, you may have trouble working this bypass if you do not have an affinity for electronics. Last is that the phone will randomly reset on you for no discernible reason. This becomes quite frustrating when you're having a conversation or looking up directions to a place. Nothing more to say about this than buyer beware.

got this one for my father, its very easy to use and works great. thanks for the great price of amazon

i that it wold be a good phone it is but i have proulbums with it some times but its a good phone nun the less

I had it for like a week and it already started acting up.. I ended up switching back to my old phone because the battery dies way to quick. Its not worth your money

i really do enjoy my new phone my only complaint is that the battery life is horrible. i dont know if i got a bad battery or what but i need to charge every 4 to 6 hours and my battery life will be less than 10%, i used to be able to go 72 hours without charging my old phone. that is my only complaint

I like the phone and it came it was all together still playing with the features but so far I am happy

it's bogus, and does NOT work properly on the TMOBILE data network. WASTE OF $ and hours of tech troubleshooting. If you have T-Mobile, this phone is NOT for you. An unlocked phone should NOT have this type of issue, and 3 different I.T techs @ customer service were unable to diagnose the problem.

Has all features of any modern phone without the price.The volume is little low and battery needs charging, but my wife has a samsung galaxy and this one has a better life.

Good phone but to use with T-Mobile it's not too good, I do not have internet with this phone on this carrier

This phone would NOT connect to the internet through T-mobile at any time, and after two months of very light use, it stopped accepting any charge.  I charged it to full charge and then 10 minutes later it was off and will not turn back on.  It will not accept any more charge.YOU WILL THROW YOUR MONEY AWAY IF YOU BUY THIS.  It will last just long enough not to get your money back.

I love it! Its exactly what i wanted and more. Some may think its a low grade phone but it was a huge upgrade from my old phone. And at a good price.

im very happy to have this phone,the price waspretty good compare with what we have on the stores, the fact that it was unlocked help me to take a 40$ plan, im very happy for that and i feel i did a good businness

Did not work for me? I need t mobile.  I am looking for cellphone with keyboard from the T mobile company

So far so good. Phone came on time with one day shipping. I was able to use my t-mobile sim card even without a data plan and so far im happy.

i love this phone very much.this phone looks very hot to the trot and I like this phone how It looks.tanks for your help from every one.thank you

I already left a review on this phone, so I have no idea why it's asking me again.  Despite many negative reviews, I have no problems with this phone. Of course, if you're expecting an Iphone 5 or DROID DNA, of course you might be disappointed.I use it as a second cell line, and wanted a phone that I didn't need a data plan for. This suited the bill fine. The ONLY negative thing about it is that the internal storage is only 512 mb. Much of that is used up by system apps that cannot be moved to the sd card. And YES, it supports 32 gb sd cards.

Just wasn't what I expected it to be when I received the phone. It was too heavy, and I really didn't want a flip phone.

the phone looks nice but its perfomance is awful it keeps dropping call shutting off for no reason the screen keeps freezing i have to take the batteryin and out to make the phone turn back on. im very disappointed and i cant afford to buy another phone right now

I needed a cheap phone for an interim period - a few months.This $64 phone does everything for me, that my $300 Samsung Ultra does....and a little bit better.I'll be hanging on to this one.

Excellent and very nice 3G phone, not a smart phone but still pretty good since I can still get really good apps. I have AT&T as my carrier so I didn't have any problems with it since this is an AT&T phone so I don't know if it's really an unlocked phone...

you lied to me about the product, last time. its not even working. you should be ashamed. lying to make money is not a good. Jesus loves you.

I am so happy about this phone. Quality for 70$ is excellent.People are complaining about battery life, but I tell you: install a "Battery saver" app and you are done,I love the keyboard and the screen. Maybe it's quite heavy for a cell phone, but it is not bad for me.Sharp is tremendously underrated in phones but I think it's great.

I thought the phone was in great condition, but unfortunately, it would've been more of a hassle to get set up then I wanted, or needed. It was just easier to get a phone plan, came with a free phone, so I returned this one.

He liked it for a few days. But after about a week the phone started having frequent spontaneous restart issues. In the middle of a call, the phone would power off and on by itself. Fortunately, this happened within the first thirty days, so I was able to return for a full refund. We ended up purchasing the similar styled Pantech phone and so far, that one has been great...for a couple of months anyway.

A fine phone but needs a toach-up on its durability. Once this is corrected, it will be a fine phone to have.

I ordered this phone to use on a pre-paid line and love it.  The keyboard took a little getting use too but once I starting using the phone it became real simple.  The battery goes fast but I do use it alot so I cannot say it is the battery or because I am using it

Mobile is not good as expected.Everytime it is getting struck and daily once or twice it will switch off automatically.

the phone has great features, is easy to use, you learn fast to use, but has problems with the configuration and storage of programs, many programs installed can not be erased and must be kept in the memory of the phone without being able to store in external memory, so that the phone hangs when installing multiple programs.

It  is exceptionally good. I would like to recommend this super excellent  device to all my friends. Great job keep up the good work.

This phone is rubbish. It worked for the first 2 months. Right now, I can receive text message. it always runs low on battery, 3G is looks more like 0G.

It's unfortunate I bought this phone which is now lying on my table as a worthless gadget. I'm a regular customer of Amazon but I wonder why they allow some people to sell fake items on their Website.The charger for the phone doesn't work. I bought another charger but when the phone was fully charged it lasted less than 30minutes and the battery was completely discharged.It's a shame but I didn'tget time to process the returns of this phone due to my tight work schedule.

I bought this phone for my 9-year-old son to communicate with his mom.But after a month's use, this phone turns off suddenly and only after I pull out the battery and put in again, it turns on.And battery life is really short, just 2, 3 hours long if you use wifi.On AT&T; site, people are saying this is a garbage, which I totally agree with.Without knowing this phone has a hardware defect first, I just scolded my son, thinking that he uses too many apps.I really regret that I bought this phone. This phone might disconnect your family!

It's ok for the purpose of inbound and outbound calls, also the keypad is useful for texting. The problem I found with the phone is that it went completely dead and would not power on even after being charged. This phone also takes terrible pictures. Not really satisfied and almost wish I could return. Oh well guess I guess I will just take a loss.

I am a beginner with smart phone it made sense to start with this phone.  The keyboard makes texting easier for those of us who are not as finger friendly with touch screen. (lol) I love this phone.

i CHOOese THIS RATIng because i got my phone on timeit shiped at the right paste i loved t

Phone sucked and kept messing up don't buy if Ur a tmobile user.dont buy buy something else I warn you

I was drawn to this since I wanted an inexpensive, no-contract phone with wi-fi so I could take advantage of the cool apps without needing a data plan. The keyboard is much better than the phone I previously had. Very pleased, all in all.

gives way too many problems, and I am an advanced techie/android user. not worth the problems that it gave me.

this cell just wasnt wat I expected i have tmobile and sometimes the text messages just wouldnt send  out and the web would fail as well

this phone does not work good it hard to unlock it drop calls etc...it is the worst thing i have gotten from here battery is the worst......

omg omg omg Where do I start? First time I turned it on the screen frozed and I have to constantly take the battery out to unfreeze the screen. Secondly the battery life is poor, lasts about half an hour even when fully charged. This is ridiculous, I mean this phone is not reliable at all becuase of the poor battery life and the constant freezing. I REGRET THE DAY WHEN I BOUGHT THIS PHONE AND I WISH I COULD HAVE SENT IT BACK. The reviews I read were mostly positive which made me believe that the phone was okay but its a piece of CRAP/JUNK/SCRAP METAL, thats what it is. The company should be ashamed of themselves. AMAZON PLEASE SPEAK TO THEM? This is not fair for my hard earned money.A valuable Customer

I bought this smart phone thinking it was a good price for an android phone. What I didn't realize is that the operation system is a 2.2.2. A new android smart phone is running like a 4.2. So this phone isn't compatible with some newer apps or websites.

great phone for  browse the internet it and other social media site and was very easy to configure to network only one problem to which plan to write seller

This phone started out good and then right as the return window expired, it stopped working. The battery wont hold a charge. Unbelievable, after 35 days! Wow.

The phone is not working properly for it to be unlocked with tmobile I can't send text messing but I can receive them I plan on returning it

Its a pretty cool device.. I've. Had it now for about a month. So far so good ... I was told they freeze up a lot , but I haven't had. A problem yet.

Bought this phone for my mom because she has tmobile and she couldn't use it. Either her Internet worked and text didn't or vice versa. I don't think it was fully unlocked. We had to send it back.

This phone comes unlocked,and I was able to use it right a way. The phone is good a lot of options. The only issue is that the battery depletes very quick when in use.

I really like this phone, and the way it is set up. The only issue I had was I had to find an SD card, because I didn't know it needed one. It also slows down when the battery life gets lower.

horrible.I bought it .And Now I regret it.Its being two days and the screen keeps on hanging up;I m pissed.

i bougt this phone about three weeks ago overnited it it took 9 days! anyway the battery life is horrable,another thing is the aps i was able to get 11 downloaded and it was full.buy if you need a cheap emergency phone.

buen producto, bonito y estoy conferme con lo pedido, me encanto estoy satisfecha, gracias a ustedes por el envi&oacute; y paciencia

got the wrong item but kept it due to long wait. wish I had got the one I ordered.  boo

The wrong product was sent to me.  It was not even close to what I ordered.  It was not in very good condition even if I was to consider keeping it.  There was no option of a replacement but I did receive a refund.  It appeared they oversold the product and sent what they had in the shop.  Very disappointing - this was a gift for my daughter.

This phone is so easy to use.  The quality and price can not be beat anywhere.  My kids are up on the latest  technology and they LOVE this phone!

Got it for my kid to have an android gadget for emails, skype and mainly educational games and apps.  Works great though the Android is a bit outdated but still runs everything I throw at it.  I kind of prefer some things on that version.  The keyboard is great.  Be careful pulling out the battery.  There is a little plastic tab to pull on on the buttom.  Otherwise the battery contact wires can be bent and the phone can refuse to turn on or charge in which case those wires need to be adjusted to make sure they have not been bent in, etc.  This is based on my research when I could not turn it on one day.  I took the battery our for about a minute as one repair suggested and made sure the battery contact wires from the phone were nice and straight.  I did pull the battery out using my nails before I realized there is a tab on the bottom for that.  I am keeping it on airplane mode without an SIM card.  When I first turned it on it would not unlock possibly because there was no SIM card so I put in the one from my phone and it unlocked.  I then removed the SIM card and it has not asked for one since.  I also tried using the phone and it worked fine.  Needless to say my boy is very happy with it.

I could not get the phone to work right since it is &#34;unlocked&#34; . Didn't use for long and I spent too much for it

A good simple phone for texting and calling.This phone came unlocked and works just fine on AT&T.; They tried to force me into a data plan with it but I refused.The phone works fine but there are a couple of glitches. I keep it in the front pocket of my jeans and for some reason the SD card that is inside the phone comes out of the socket with too much movement. This has not effected my sim card but it seems to be a weird problem to have pop up several times in the first month of using the phone.

Works great and easy to set up, I would recommend this phone to anyone! The screen is sensitive to the touch, but I am enjoying it.

but its some what limited in the amount of apps you can run at one time  but its a great buy to have

This phone really sucks wouldn't recommend for anyone to get the phone cause it kept blacking out on me the Internet doesn't work wifi didn't work and it would turn off on me
