
The touch screen is very intuitive, it's very easy to use.  Initially my computer and Zune could not recognize it, and after hours of searching and a live chat with Samsung, I did a hard reset.  It worked!  When phone is off, hold volume down button, camera button, then power button.  push start button twice, it will reformat.  You will lose your apps & possibly your contacts (guess mine were on my sim card?  they weren't lost).  But it was worth it.PS: you need a mini sim card.  AT&T; fixed me up.

I bought this phone so i could enjoy many of Microsofts Xboxlive benefits via Windows Phone, but only i was fooled, alluded into this Trash i called a phone, THERE ARE LITERALLY LIKE 500 APPS in the whole marketplace, the only noteable exception is the games, there okay! there is no instagram app, there is no Myspace, Facebook is slow because it is outdated, this phone is terrible, and if i could, i would get a refund! contact me if you have questions about it

text way too small and its impossible to make bigger.Power button stoped working after 2 weeks. Sent this phone back

wrong item was sent in the beginning but the problem was corrected speedily other than that it is a very good phone I love it...

The phone looks nice with the color white and the white light on the front were you type but I don't like that it doesn't have the play store ,it has some app called marketplace but it has some apps and also you can play Xbox Live. The last thing is that I thought it would have high speed 4g but it's a lil slow without WiFi

There isn't a update! Its still 7.5! You can't download music off the internet! The games are horrible!!!! No flappy birds, no madden 25, no dead trigger, you get these lame 3rd party crap games! The appstore is horrible, no instagram for this crap! I'm coming from a iPhone 4, HTC droid incredible, and at&t fusion go phone

I am happy with the purchase. For the price i believe I got a very good phone. Samsung hardware is good & Windows Phone is great, much better than the android phones that you would get at a similar price.

I ordered this phone, and as an amazon prime member, I received 2 day shipping.  Well after almost a week, and still no phone, I called amazon and was informed that it never actually shipped.  They had to refund the money and I had to re-order at a increased cost ($16).  They over nighted it and phone appeared to be new.  Worked at first, but by the morning, the phone displayed &#34;Samsung&#34; and nothing else.  I tried restarting it, removed and re-installed the battery, tried everything I could think of, but it would not start up.  I am in the process of returning the phone and ordering a different windows phone.  Hoping for better luck with a HTC.

First off, the phone was purchased for my mother (in her 60's). It's her first smartphone and she enjoys it. Everything works great on the T-Mobile network, except for MMS. Apparently it isn't a TRULY unlocked phone. I think the shipper should make that very clear in the details. After a week of talking with customer service on the phone, the T-Mobile store said that the MMS setting is still locked by AT&T.;The phone is great and easy to use, however it gets a 3 because the seller didn't advertise that properly (the seller gets a 1). Now, I have to talk to AT&T; to see if they're willing to completely unlock it.

the phone was ok for my 12y/o but after awhile it started going. it wouldent ring when you would call it or nothin. but that has nothin to do with the seller. i will be ordering again thank you

This phones software is so outdated you cannot get Instagram or Pinterest on it. Also they advertised that it was compatible with T-Mobile. It was, if I never wanted to receive/send pictures via text so I was forced to switch to At&t.

I bought this for my dad in India. I was not sure if it was really unlocked and would work there. But it was really unlocked and was working great. Happy with this purchase..

I'm a former iPhone user. I used iPhone for the past 3 years and I was happy with it. I checked the new iPhone 4s and iPhone 5 and I wasn't impressed... it look all alike the prior versions and just a &#34;faster&#34; phone. I have a tablet with Android 4.x for the last couple of months and I'm not impressed either, it's a nice toy but will not entirely suited for work and will never replace my or be useful enough to compete against a small netbook. Prior to the iPhone I had a Windows 6 phone, Treo 680, Treo 600 and others no-smart phone.I ordered this phone a couple weeks ago, it is one of the cheapest phone with very decent hardware specs. The only downside is the storage capacity but since I don't store music or videos on my phone, it is more than enough for me.So far, is the BEST phone I ever had, I'm impressed everyday about the integration of my contacts and how easy it is to do everything. From the regular contact page of the phone, it integrates with all your emails accounts information (MSN, Gmail and Outlook), your facebook profiles including pictures and activities and your LinkedIn profiles. You cannot find a better way to have everything under a single contact page.Since this phone connect to the 4G network, it is fast and accurate. I'm just waiting for the 7.8 Windows Phone update to make it complete. I couldn't be happier with my phone. I am definitively going to recommend Windows Phone to anybody and any of future phones will be based on Windows.It has 2 cameras, front camera is low quality but look decent when doing facetime. The rear camera is 5MP but very good quality. My Girlfriend has a 8MP camera on her cell and my pictures look better than hers....6 stars out of 5...NOTE: In case you need more storage, look for the Samsung Focus S, it has 16GB and 8MP camera instead of 5MP....

THE BATTERY IS NOT GOOD AND ALSO YOU CAN NOT HAVE ALL SOCIAL MEDIA WORKING AT THE TIMEIf I want to be connect with skype, I have to be in skype and only skype is working, the same if I WANT TO BE IN facebook or any.I had a Blackberry before and that company work all at time.

My daughter wanted an IPhone, but at the time our carrier didn't allow the iPhone. This is a great phone for a prepaid plan.

This Samsung has everything I need...Camera front & back, window 7.5 OS easy to use and updateable, battery last longer, wifi working good, call sound clear.

it came quick and was a nice phone it works like it says my only complaint is no slot for a memory card but its a nice phone otherwise

This is my first windows phone, I am so excited to grab the features. Style, pricing, handy, fast responsive processors,  are the pros.

so i go this phone and i really like but the problem is that it is not a factory unlocked phone so i am unable to send picture messages because it was originally a  At&T phone...Other than that problem i love the phone it just sucks that i am unable to use that feature of this great phone

The product meets my expectations for what I bought it for however I have to say that Windows Phone 7.5 has too many restrictions.

Physically, the phone is really nice looking. However, IT WAS NOT UNLOCKED.  So, I had to purchase a code online to unlock it. In addition, the SIM card is smaller than the original ones and had to buy another type card. This is Windows.... if you are use to the whataap application, you will not be able to use it on this phone. I suggest anyone that is considering to buy this phone to get online and do your research before purchasing it. Hope this helps.

this is the worst phone......unless you are a windows user!!!! I got rid of it a month after I got it because I hated it

When I use this my Focus 2 to called. The other end can't hear me. Or I don't hear them either ....I don't know what's wrong?? The setting of the phone is lack of feature . Hard to operated...

These were my wife & I's first shot at Smartphones for personal use; previously we had Samsung Brightside Touchscreen 'smart-capable' phones from Verizon that got us acquainted with touchscreens.  I won't tell you all the things that I did not like about the SCH-U380, but I have always had luck with the reception of Samsung phones- and being able to talk on your phone is the most important aspect of any cell- in my opinion.  Ultimately the motivator to move to this phone was the monthly service bill being 25% more for less service (no data); so we needed an inexpensive alternative to the expensive 'gucci' phones that are $500-700.  We found it in the Samsung Focus 2.  Comparatively I have had Blackberry, iPhone4, and iPhone5 work phones; that aren't as capable as this phone.  It has everything you could possible need for business or pleasure with a price tag well under half of the other smartphones (bought outright with no contracts).  The Focus 2 allows you to easily access call lists, voicemail, number dialing, phone book, texts, email, camera and photos, internet, games, calendar, calculator, alarms, and has great preloaded Apps like Marketplace (App Store), Local, and Maps.  This is a Windows 7.5 Mango OS phone, so you don't get quite the selection of games that you do with an iPhone; but the important 'productive' ones like Weather, News, Stocks, GasBuddy, CardStar, Skype, and Dropbox are all available.  My wife is perfectly content with the game selection that she perhaps has time to play 15 minutes a day before bedtime.  So other than the Windows 7 game selection, I would say that the only other two slights would be the 5.0 mps camera that does not have quite the clarity or quick shutter speed with time-delay between the button-push and the snapshot, along with the SLIGHTLY slower 1.4 GHz processor speed- but honestly, who can tell me if they have 28 Mbps or 12 Mbps wireless internet speed?  If you can, you might want to spend the money to step up to the Odyssey.  That is all I can tell everyone from experiences of the past eight months.  We both love the phones, they are white and chic (thanks to Apple, I guess), get great reception on GSM networks, were half the price of a Windows 8 Phone (when looking 6/13), and have had zero problems with them thus far.  My wife is not 'tech savvy' and she has figured out almost every feature on the phone easily with her background of MS OSs and her MS Surface that I bought her.  If you are tepid about getting this for your first Smartphone because it is a couple years old; don't doubt yourself, jump right in and get it!  You won't be sorry.

I have never had a windows phone before, but its great!!! Super easy to use, nice big touch screen, its the best phone I have ever owned!

excellent cell phoneLight, easy to handle, unlocked, lightweight, good OS, very good price for the quality. short duration of battery but this is normal for all smartphones

After a few attempts, this 'refurbished phone's battery charged - once.  We tried a battery charger for an identical phone, we tried putting the identical phone's battery into this phone, still no charge.  It did seem to work fine after the first charge.  We think it may be the port where the battery plugs in.  We returned it & they are sending us a replacement.  We told them it needs to be a WORKING replacement!

Don't like it too much difficult operate & don't have a lot simply things on it. No slot for sd card

I am inclined to believe that this is a good price for a 4G LTE phone with a fast processor. However, I will go through the pros and cons as thoroughly as possible:Pros:1) As advertised, the phone will be able to use 4G LTE. As advertised, it is an unlocked phone so you will be able to use T-Mobile as your provider with this phone.2) Screen size, phone size, and screen clarity are all up to par. Wifi goes fast, the layout is intuitive and responsive.3) Microsoft office is a big plus.4) Syncs your social networks together (will link your email to start screen, facebook pictures automatically to your contacts)5) Skype is nice6) Front and rear facing camera of good enough qualityCons:1) My biggest issue is that if you plan to use T-Mobile, your MMS MAY NOT WORK THE MAJORITY OF THE TIME. I downloaded 3rd party apps and tried to manually change the APN but it was only a temporary fix and it seems T-Mobile is purposely trying to block people with unlocked phones from using MMS.2) If you plan to use Instagram, Tumblr, Snapchat, Tinder, or many other famous apps that many Android and iOS users use, DO NOT GET THIS PHONE. This is a Windows Phone 7 (upgradeable to 7.8) and they currently do not have these apps. In my personal opinion (I may be wrong), Microsoft has forsaken Windows Phone 7 and these apps will NEVER be released for Windows Phone 7.3) There are many games available at the Windows Store, but most of the games that come free in Android and iOS will cost money. They are usually anywhere from $0.99 to $3.99 each.My overall impression with the phone is that it has decent hardware specs and capabilities but is underutilized by the lack of apps, effectively alienating you from other users that has iOS and Android.If you are big on apps, Windows Phone is not the way to go.If you are not big on apps and only want the phone for social networking and internet browsing, this phone is a good deal for the price.I hope I helped

I have ordered 2 of these phones now with the 1st one working perfectly.  However I drowned it and subsequently ordered a second phone.  The 2nd phone absolutely refuses to connect to the same windows 7 computer that the 1st one worked perfectly with and throws up all kinds of usb errors and tries to install unnecessary drivers.  I did not have the same problem with the 1st phone on the same computer and the replacement should have sync'ed perfectly but it doesn't.  I have contacted samsung tech support and was very disappointed with the knowledge of the people there.  After over an hour of contact I was told to contact microsoft to obtain the drivers.  Bull puckey, it's a defective phone and they don't intend to do anything about it.  Since it does all the phone functions I'll continue to use it but it's a pain in the rear to transfer pictures by email instead of being able to sync to Zune as it's supposed to.  I won't be buying another Focus 2.  I also do not like the windows 7.5 operating system after becoming familiar with my wife's Android 4.3 HTC Vivid phone and will probably go that route for my next purchase.

this phone has to be the best one of them all it is fast big great cameras the phone is just better than the iphone 4s maybe even the 5. Defiantly better than Samsung galaxy line. MUST BUY IF YOU WANT A GOOD PHONE :)

The windows look and feel is great, usability very easy, a little bit big device but compensated by the rest of the features.

This phone was disappointing. I'm used iPhone and I guess I thought I could get something similar for a lower prince. I was wrong. A lot of the apps I want and I'm used to I couldn't get because they didn't have. It wasn't easy to use. Just overall was not happy with it.

This phone is a really great phone.  When I first picked it up I realized it was a really light phone.Thats the best reason I like it,and if want a windows phone this is one that might want. It has a great smart phone price. If one that you want to sell for a hundred dollars let me know.

pay for two phones and they only sent me one and never answered my emails or calls. waste my money

I love windows phone much more than android, and this phone is an amazing device. The front camera is not the best but it's pretty decent and I love this device. It's not too big and it's pretty fast! I love it!

The phone arrived broken, the SIM card port is not usable. I will try this phone again and hope it works.

I find it difficult to download some programs and music as well. One other thing is that i dont get reception at some places especially my buildings basement but my other phone gets reception there

good but not what I wanted and I had to return it to get another type of phone. Was not just what I wanted

It is a nice phone overall. Stable and it does the job. The main issues that I have seen after one year usage is slow webpage loading and I do not know why but I can send receive multimedia messages.Also there is fewer apps if you compare with Apple store or Android.

This obviously isn't in the same class as something like the iPhone or the Galaxy III, but it's still a great phone. My main issue is the lack of separated volume control and no memory card slot.

I got the phone and couldn't hear anyone calling me or the voice mail setup. I contacted the seller and they're not there; I called Samsung and they said it's an ATT phone call them, ATT said it's an unlocked phone and we  wont help you, I called my provider T-Mobil and they said they wont support ATT's phone. When you buy an unlocked phone you're on your own; nobody will warranty it, nobody will help you with it...you're on your own. SO I sent it back as defective since I couldn't hear any communication through the phone and the seller continues to email me trying to get me to take it back or have a replacement &#34;you're on your own&#34; unlocked phone.Leave me alone, take your defective phone back and refund my money.

I was able to get a phone - new from store for 1/2 the price.  Plus I had to wait 7 days to get the phone.

This is a decent phone.  This is my first Windows phone so it take a little to get used to it but not long.

I bought this for my boyfriend and I have for over a week heard how amazing this phone is! I like the iOS on my iPod touch but both of us HATED the Android phones we had. Looking into the Windows phone as an alternative, I decided to order this phone for him. The switch from screen to screen is flawless. Your tiles give you a quick look at things like mail, calender, messages, videos, etc. Easily links to email and also to your PC windows operating. My boyfriend especially loves that he can easily keep track of work projects hours and email right from his phone. Pictures and screen have a great quality. Definitely an amazing relief to find such an amazing phone.

I didn't like the fact that my first smartphone was only givin' me headache, because it connection with the charger there as something wrong, and I couldn't really understand how to use the windos8 system

its a nice product to use and I have gifted to my best half, she loves the product and I love the price

i bought this phone and it is my first touch screen, at first i was afraid i would despise touch screens but i absolutely love this phone!! it is so easy and convenient to use. i love the wifi setting, makes life alot easier for me. app usage is great. i changed all the settings to personalize it and it is awesome! ive even dropped the phone a few times and no trouble at all. my boyfriends parents are even planning on buying this phone as well. i would recommend it to anybody!

Phone came in on time and it was just what i expected. only thing was i didnt know it used micro sim

this phone is a really nice phone but it isnt unlocked and i cannot be unlocked i struggled for hours because i have tmobile till finally att told me that it could not be unlocked....

This product was not Working with my T-Mobile sim card .I Thought It Was unlocked like it was advertised.

IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A PHONE UNDER 200 DOLLARS THAT HAS ALL THE FEATURES OF THE SMART PHONES OUT THERE AND WON'T BREAK YOUR POCKET.THEN THE SAMSUNG FOCUS 2 IS JUST RIGHT FOR YOU. WITH 2 CAMERA AND 8GB ON BOARD MEMORY. WINDOWS 7.5 BLUETOOTH,WIFI. ETC THIS PHONE HAS IT ALL OH YEAH AND ITS 4G CAPABLE.GREAT BUY YOU WONT REGET IT ON LIL NEGATIVE THE BATTERY LIFE IS KINDA POOR IT OLNY HAVE A 1230 MAH  BUT EVERYTHING ELSE IS GOOD.

Do not buy through BREED if the cell had problems the customer service at BREED is appalling . I recommend buying cell from some where else to save you a headache.  They are not running very good business.  Buyers please beware!!!
