
This phone is awesome. Liked it so much, I bought one for my son and I. Slim and lite weight. Great Price. I recommend this phone to anyone.

Very nice phone but had to buy a second one because the first one did not hold a charge after several weeks so the jury is still out.

I've had this phone now for almost a year, and I really do like the feel, the operation, and the size (once it's in a hard case). Very nice phone.

Like:- Its pretty cheap (cost)- Its pretty big & clear- Its easy to repair (broke the micro SD charger prong & replaced)Dislike:Not the newest/fastest device to use.You get what you pay for.

I've only had this phone for a few months now. It was supposed to be an upgrade. I honestly think I was given a refurbished phone because of the cons below.Pros:Large screenThe voice recorder was great but not anymoreQuick memoCons:My back button doesn't always work like it should...it takes me everywhere BUT to the previous screen so I have to hit it several times.Not so great picture quality.When the phone is on speaker, the sound quality is as if the speaker is busted because the voices are fuzzy.When I first purchased the phone the voice quality was good,now I can hardly understand what people are saying.I'm only allowed to read three comments on YT videos.The rotation is very slow (I find myself waiting for the phone to realize it was turned).The voice recorder, I WAS using for recording my singing but the sound quality has changed just like the quality when I'm talking to someone and when I have it on speaker so I stopped using that feature.The battery was okay until I downloaded a particular app, now it needs frequent charges.Last but not least, there is no voice texting available on this phone (this was a major disappointment) and yet my previous lower grade phone had it!Bottom line: This phone was NOT an upgrade because the phone voice, speaker and recording quality have all diminished, which is why I think the phone was refurbished. I waste more time trying to get it to work right and who has the time!?!? I don't!!

Excellent phone light looks good easy to use no problem thus far if have it to do again ill still by this phone

Its a great phone and speed is good. I bought two amf paid a great price. Only place that gave me a good price.

great phone does what I need it to do

Well. I love this phone although it does have some issues.  Like. See i got this oneto replace mine which is same exact phone But wen i. Avtivated. This one. The sound quality isnt wat it should be. N there are others but im dealing with them. I would give five stars if the sound. On calls were better. :( thanx

Very happy with the phone. Battery life seems adequate for my needs&#8230;.not a heavy data user. Started the day fully charged and 8 hours later battery was at 66%. That day, I had read 3 emails and sent a couple of text. Would recommend you upgrade to Swift key 3 as the standard keyboard is not great for texting.  I also recommend purchasing a car charger.Be aware that Google Voice and Boost mobile will not work perfectly together. I can get calls from people who have my Google Voice number but not texts or voicemail. For those people, I had to give them the number that came with the phone.

It's all that and then some!!! I got the most for my money and it was shipped right on time!

Excellent phone which meets my everyday mobile needs. I haven't had a single problem or have been unsatisfied with the LG Venice since I've gotten it.

I am so in love with my Venice cellphone! I've gotten compliments & inquires. So sleek, elegant with the cases I bought for it looks so nice and to my liking. It's fast & responds well to my touch, I've been in the app store getting little extras, but it came with a number of good and useful apps, big bright screen, wonderful battery life, camera is good, sound is great, and named after a place in Italy to top it off. Like I said I'm in love with my Venice!

I enjoy the different functions this phone has & being able to see things on a bigger screen. I truly enjoy my new phone .

wider screen better camera the LED is great...plus alot more apps than i'm use to having fun learning how to work it. some say it freezes and locks up so far not a promlem

I've owned it for more than 3 months now. This phone was a great price when I bought it with 4 stars in ratings. The phone has a mind of it's own. You can click your icon to text or make a phone call and it will take several seconds to come up if it comes up. I am still uncertain how to set up the voicemail though I decided not to worry about it because it's kind of nice not being that accessible unless you really know me. The phone just doesn't respond well when clicking on apps or attempting to close things out. It may require you to repeatedly press the buttons to work. I would not reccommend purchasing this phone.  It is not user friendly if you need to send a quick text or make a phone call.

I like the phone. Boost needs to improve their service. Internet is slow from start to end. Coverage is spotty. Pandora stops all the time, even when I'm in town, or on the interstate. I don't like the fact your only option is basically all unlimited plan. I wish they had talk plans like others for example: 1200 minutes of talk, unlimited text, internet for $45.00 or less. Boost really needs to improve it's service!!!

After Att being the highest priced phone, cell service, and obligation to withold, it has time to uncommit.  LG Venice has to be on of the nicest phones!  So light, so thin, so nice signal strength;  do yourself a favor, treat yourself to LG experience with Boost Mobile!

This phone is the best phone I've had since my first phone in the early 2000. Super happy i chose this phone and went boost instead of freaking metro. Great service the whole shebang. But battery does go a lil quick but for the first time I DON'T CARE :-D

I ABSOLUTELY LOVED THIS PHONE ... UNTIL I STARTED USING IT! I thought I gotta STEAL and the first day I started using it, EVERYTHING turned SOUR! First I noticed the battery doesn't hold up very well .. then it started freezing. I haveto take the battery out to get it back working! I've had multiple problems with this phone and it hasn't even been 2 weeks! Problems such as dropped calls, after picking up a call screen flashing (therefore I cannot push speaker), app will install completely although it will say "still installing", volume getting stuck on silent and won't go back up until I take the battery out, etc.. I'm not one to COMPLAIN but the more I use it, the more I wish I would have spent more to upgrade! I now see that others have some of the same issues .. hopefully this can be a fixed situation by seller or Amazon because I'm SERIOUSLY CONSIDERING GETTING RID OF MY BRAND NEW PHONE!!! COMPLETE GARBAGE .. so disappointing after spending HARD EARNED $ and dealing with a POS phone prior to this for 3 years!

I bought this phone here off Amazon over 11 months ago, I have had NOTHING but an AWESOME experience with it! I use my phone for business so obviously reliability is important to me.. and the phone is more than reliable! I have dropped it multiple times on hard surfaces, no scratches, cracks or dents; of course I have a screen protector and case on at all times, but the screen seems very durable regardless! GPS Navigation works great, gmail works fast, the screen is always responsive. The phone literally does everything I need it to. Good picture quality, nice android processor with apps that run smoothly, loud speakers so no problems hearing on calls or listening to music, no dropped calls or problems with messaging.The only things that I don't like so much about this phone is that sometimes it doesn't like to play videos, and it has a pretty short battery life, but compared to all of the amazing things the phone does for me on a daily basis, charging it more often than usual is less than a minor setback! Overall it was a wonderful decision. Even after almost a year with the phone it runs as amazing as it always has.If you are looking for a reliable android phone that can cover all of your basic needs, I recommend this one!

What I don&#8217;t like about LG boost mobile phone is the battery life it wears down without even being used. It also switches to &#8220;wireless&#8221; mode on its own causing your battery life to waist away in less than two hours. The battery life on this phone is supposed to last for 6hrs a day when used when not used it should not wear out but it does my other phone did not do that. App solicitation pop ups are annoying. Otherwise the is easy to use and the screen is ok for viewing.

Bought this phone for my son last month and he loves it. The phone is very affordable and works very well.

I love my new phone.  I have finally gotten to the 21st century with my phone.  I am having a ball using the different apps and trying all the new data which is available.  My family has the smartphones so I figured I need to keep up with my family (I am 79 years old) and didn't think I could do it, but with this phone and boost mobile it is really easy to operate.  I showed it to a friend and she was impressed with the phone and all it can do.  Thank you Amazon for carrying such great merchandise.  It it great to go to the computer and Amazon has what you want..

Nice size phone, fits great in my hand and it is a good looking phone. When i recieve calls from other people the sound quailty is terrible, I can't understand a word that they are saying, so i don't use it to make calls to much. But you get for you pay for..

I've had the phone for about a month now and I like it a lot my only problem is the battery doesn't last and it takes a while to charge if it'on. You get a faster charge when phone is turned off.

really  well  liked  phone  wish  i  could  have  gotten  2 i  would  have  gotten  it  for  my  wife  since  she  is  on  a  fixed  income

the phone screen is defective and has to be returned, spent three hours trying to get it to work and talking and trying to fix it through boost mobile,  then went on to amazon to exchange it and it says not offering and exchange!!!! Between ordering, trying to fix the issue and returning the phone a total waste of 6-8 hours!!!!!

You can't hear on the phone. No one can hear me. Cheaply made. Not Intuitive. Awful. I regret buying this phone and I will return it.

ii got it for my girl friend and she loved. Its activation is easy and fast. she had a blackberry, some old school phone and has joined the rest of in the new world of technology.

I really love my phone

More then meets every expectation of mine. Fast downloads, and I only have 3g capability. Vibrants colors, nice size screen. Highly recommended

Nice looking phone, however it is junk. At least the one I received is. This phone is defective, does not work properly. Have to wait a very long wait for phone to turn on. Locks up and turns itself off in the middle of a call. Speaker volume goes up and down on its own. I am returning it for a refund.

i got two of them and there are no problems the phones work fast the battery is just ok wish it would last longer

I have had my LG Venice under Boost Mobile since early February 2013, and at first I was greatly pleased with it. First of all, the phone is great with it's slender design, fast processor, and nice built in features, but now I think I may have been confused, because now I see that Boost Mobile's voice and data coverage isn't too good.

The phone lacks in battry and wont play m4p videos unless a program is downloaded. It also takes for ever to recharge. Over all, i dont think is worth the $200Like always amazon does a great job in packages thanks guys!

I have order (4) four other phones within the month of November.. Sent them back for several reasons.Since I purchased the LG Venice has been very pleasing...The view, searching the web & conducting buisness on the phone is Great!I highly recommend this phone.

I love this phone. I was a little concerned about the screen size being to small. It's perfect. If I were to buy the Apple phones, I would be down grading. This is a fantastic phone.

I bought this phone in feb of 2013  worked great til april 18 call boost cause I do carry insurance was told had to go through lg which I did they told me was a defected phone and they did not do replacement warrentys so im stuck with out a phone til I mail this one to them  they will try to fix it if not I get a refurbished phone which is bull crap

this is a good product first LG phone I ever had . my product of choice is the Samsung but I didn't want to spend 600 for the new galalxy4 so I opted for something less and I was surprised how efficient this phone is. it's light weight ,fast and a ton of apps to play with. Over time things will tell me more but for the moment this is a great acquisition.

THIS WAS A GIFT FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTER, SHE&#34;S VERY HAPPY WITH HER NEW PHONE, AND I AM HAPPY THAT SHE&#34;S HAPPY, SHE LOVE&#34;S IT !!!!

Horrible phone waste of money. Never dropped and shuts off all the time on me, CHEAPLY MADE!!! Sincerely, VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!

Good phone but the battery don't last very long at all! I even charged it fully before I even turned it on!

I gave it this rating because it a good phone for the price.I recommend this for everyone.I like that it slimmer than my old phone

I was looking for a cheap, reliable phone to use on Sprint's Boost network.  After being under contract with crappy TMobile for so long, I was ready to try something new with a network that I wasn't tied to for two years.The phone itself is alright.  I like the features; it works well on the Android 4.0 OS.  I can get whatever apps I'd like in the Play store, and I use it almost constantly.The downside is the shotty signal with the network, but that was to be expected.  My only other complaint is that it constantly goes from Network to Wifi and back while I am sitting still, which has gotten quite frustrating, especially since it is only 3g capable.Overall, it's a decent phone, but I would definite do more research on a great network if that is important to you.

BATTERY HEATS UP ON CHARGING CONSTANTLY SHUTTING DOWN - Bought a 32Gig memory card for the phone.. It keeps dismounting and mounting the card whenever it wants..  Even when I am running an app. that I stored on the Card... Now that is driving me CRAZY! Very Slow - Does not Interface with Google Voice well at all - Glitchey System. Talk 2 txt crashes all the time and is very slow translating my words, if at all - the Buttons are hard to get used to no similar to any other phone I have had in the past..  - My Samsung Prevail was faster!  For the price it sure is a big disappointment!  I am selling and getting a Samsung Rush

I was so happy with the prompted shipping!!!! I needed it to come fast too because I was just days away from adding more minutes to my phone but I was going to be leaving Virgin Mobile to go with Boost Mobile so it was essential this phone came fast which it did!!!! I loved the great deal I got on it Boost's site wanted $79.99 more than what Amazon was asking so I had to go with Amazon this is an awesome phone my favorite feature on it is the quick memo I couldn't picture not having it on my phone. Overall happy customer.

no me gusto

I had high expectations, after reading the reviews and feel I'm giving it an extra star just for the sake of kindness.  Operating system SLOW and the web is extremely lethargic if I can get it to find a signal at all.  Much lass useful than the marquee I upgraded from. Chalking it up to a learning experience and buying a Galaxy s2 (BOOST)

this phone is great better then the cell  i had before.. the galaxy cell from boost kept messing up onme and now that i have the lg venice it better and has a camera both way to take good pics.

the phone was cheaply made and boost did not support service I had very poor reception and practically no out of state reception The calls were often interrupted with high shrill radio interference and temporary service breaks

I love this cell phone great sound powerful speaker a lot to do, a lot free stuff and more. buy one.I would recommend it

OMG!!  I bought my phone at Target and I have been purchasing accessories for it on here.  The phone is superb (well I replaced a Motorola Theory) and is my second Boost Mobile, but prior to boost I actually had an iPhone but this phone is, in my opinion, better than iPhone, the price to feature is phenominal.I have no complaints at all.  I wouldn't trade this for my iPhone.

I bought this phone for a family member and they really Love there new phone they are on the phone all the time so they would of told me already if there was any kind of issue with the phone every time I see the family member all they tell me is how much they Love  there new phone and how much they appreciate it very much

HATED IT HAD THE PHONE FOR A WEEK AND IT STOPPED CHARGING. NOTHING WAS SPILLED NEVER DROPPED IT. TOOK IT TOTHE PHONE DOCTORS THEY SAID IT WASNT THE CHARGE PORT IT WAS A TRANSISTOR THAT WAS SHATTERED AND NON REPAIRABLE CALLED BOOST MOBILE THEY SAID CALL LG. LG SAID THEY WOULD LOOK AT IT BUT WOULDNT GUARANTEE THEY COULD FIX IT AND WOULDNT REPLACE IT. DEFINITELY NOT RECOMMENDING THIS PRODUCT!!!!..........TO ADDRESS THE COMMENT BELOW IT SHOULD SHOW I PURCHASED THIS PIECE OF S*** THROUGH AMAZON.COM NOT THROUGH ANY STORE SO THE NEXT TIME YOU TRY AND MAKE SOMEONE LOOK FOOLISH DO THE RESEARCH FIRST THEN YOU CAN BE A JACKASS!

It great. Light. But little slow what do i specting just 3g. I hope i can get thiie. 5G sooner

Love it. Great phone, enjoy all the apps that came with take very pictures. I will recommend this phone to anyone

I bought this phone because the rating for it was very high on amazon. If the Moto G was out at the time, since the Moto g's specs are better in every aspect and it is the same price, I would have bought that instead.To my dismay, right out of the gate, the ram was always completely used up even when not running any application. I have one spot in my house I can make calls due to terrible reception. The reception is not a service provider problem as everyone else with boost mobile can make calls anywhere in my house without issue. I can't even run a game properly without issues. And, since the beginning, the phone repeats over and over again, even when I turn off the gps locator and deny all of the apps permission to gps , &#34;GPS cannot find location.&#34; This slows the phone down tremendously and it is unstoppable.I do not recommend. Maybe I just received a lemon...who knows.

it's like the iphone but cheaper just as fast easy the work with ..just the right phone too have .

this a great phone but the battery life is very poor. It dies very quickly. but overall its very cute, and i like it, great APPS

People see/use my phone and think it is better quality than a Samsung or Apple product. I can put a huge card in it, watch all of my series and videos, I have around 6500 songs on it now, and the best part is that it is ANDROID!!!! If anybody knows what XBMC is, it is a media player/center for all of your pictures tv shows movies and music. And the Navi-x extention allows cool things on a phone through XBMC. You just wont see alot on the Internet about the phone part but it can be installed on a phone to look just like the tv. These are things you cant do with Apple and others what I call mini os's but this phone does very well at this price point or any price point!Now if your still reading for the potential negative, AND NOT WITH THE PHONE OR AMAZON!But this phone, the LG that it is CAN ONLY BE USED WITH BOOST MOBILE!  And they ive had better and worst coverage, the call quality (even with 4 bars is not good to say the least) But the internet even at 3G is so fast ive never had to wait!Remember you are also no contract, a bill wi shrinkage (goes down 5.00 every 6 mo until 45.00) and unlike Verizon ect. You have NO LIMITS!!! (on anything all in one plan, talk text, data or internet)

I wanted something not too expensive but a phone that would be functional for all the things I needed it for.  I don't really care about playing games on it.  Just for sending texts, talking and some internet browsing and watching some utube videos.  This phone does all that, no problem.  The first phone I received was defective and I had to send it back.  Amazon replaced it and I had a new one in two days which works perfect so far.  I feel like it was a good value for the money payed and Boost Mobiles unlimited Android plan with shrinking payments was a good value also.  Overall I am pleased with my purchase.

Would be nice if the battery in it would not try to die after charging it fully, then half hour later at 85%. Bad battery I think, But other than that it's an ok phone. Don't get this phone, it's crap, and you won't get texts or calls, it freezes, shuts off, and you have to turn it off and on all day long to get it to work right.  Just want a battery that isn't so cheap, plus when you use it for texting or calling for a 5 min. call it goes down to 50%. This phone isn't worth the money. I should of stayed with my galaxy note 1.

I got this to use for texting and calls. I have an iPod touch for apps and all of the other features, so I plan to keep the memory on this one relatively low to keep it fast functioning. The shipping was really fast, and the phone is a nice size, although surprisingly light- weight, so much so that it kind of feels cheap. Otherwise, the features are good: camera, sound, etc. Works fine, nice looking phone.

The phone works fine. The battery life isn't good. (could need new battery) I bought it used, besides that, it works.

My 14 year old daughter love this phone it is a great phone! I was thinking about purchasing this phone for myself.

So far its a good phone, the battery does not last to long though....not sure if its because of my area not having the greatest signal. And my shrinkage plan with boost went up by $5.

I had thought of buying this phone, the description says it's GSM technology, despair and what I would buy, buy First 3 covers for this phone, now if I see comments I lose more, since I have only GSM SIM and bad communication by the seller now I lost without even buying it. Moral can not trust the seller's details should be investigated in other pages the characteristics of a cell and you could fool!

The phone is really nice and very easy to learn. I use to have Android and took me awhile to learn it cause its so complicated but this one is almost like an iphone.

Great phone for the price. It handles 3 emails, internet, texting, and a couple apps running with no reduced RAM speed. It also sits in my pocket well, even for the large screen size. Worth the price! Worth it for boost mobile use!I would recommend a case go with it.  The original phone casing is a little dainty to the touch, by the glass touch screen is tough, Gorilla Glass?

I LOVE ALL 'LG' PRODUCTS. I'M ENJOYING THE LARGE SCREEN, LETTERS, NUMBERS, FEATURES. YOU NAME IT. I JUST TURNED 60 AND NEEDED A BIGGER SCREEN AND BIGGER EVERYTHING ELSE (SMILE); AND LG ALWAYS DELIVER. 'LIFE IS GOOD'!

I received this phone in perfect condition. I had purchased a used phone and got without a scratch. It works great. I also received it within 2 days without paying extra for shipping. I am very happy with this purchase!

I've had this phone for about a week and so far I like it.... nice screen size, thin phone,.... some fancy icon stuff and lots of nice software on the phone... there are a total of 7 screens to load with icons... it has a good front and rear camera.... of coarse I use google play to get lots of free apps... this is a 3g phone..... the phone is made of plastic but I put a rubber case around it so I don't care.....the screen is clear and sharp.... the speaker sounds like a 1965 portable AM radio, a little tin can sounding..... but it's a phone not Bose speaker system....

I upgraded from my sanyo juno with boost mobile to this and wow. I've completely quit using my ipod touch. This phone is so much better. I almost didn't get it because of some of the negative reviews. This was my first android phone and it does not disappoint. It hiccups every now and then (shuts off randomly) but not so often to where I see it as a big problem. I can live with it. If you're looking for a new phone with boost and don't want to pay all the money for the gs2 then this is a GREAT alternative!!*EDIT*I loved this phone for about the first 6 or 7 months and then it all went down hill from there.-MessagingThis phone does not send my messages half of the time. I end up with it just saying "sending" and my text never goes through. My friends will text me the next day saying what happened and I go to check my texts and it will still say its trying to send my text message. I talked to boost care about this and they said to take my battery out and reset everything but I'm still having this problem.-CallingMy phone won't ring when I get incoming calls. It lights up at the bottom but the screen will stay black but but when it FINALY rings its too late and cuts off. But the person on the other end says it just rang and rang until the answering machine popped up.-BrowsingMy connection will drop for no reason when I'm browsing the internet and say "Unable to connect" ESPECIALLY on chrome (although chrome may just run bad on the LG venice) but it will say I have full bars and have 3g. Google chrome does not like this phone. I guess cause its a little bit older. Chrome will crash for no reason a majority of the time when I'm browsing. So I usually end up using the default browser.-Battery LifeDO NOT get me started on the battery life. The battery is SO bad. I have to take my charger with me everywhere. If you leave this phone idle for just a few hours it sucks up ALL of your battery life. You could have nothing running in the background and it will still drain. I left this phone idle at work because I had a short shift my battery was at 100% when I started my shift when my shift ended about 4-5 hours later I had 20% left. No texting no browsing NOTHING! The only way I sort of fixed this is by turning on airplane mode but then I can't receive calls or texts...Otherwise it runs apps nicely sometimes the interface can be laggy. The keyboard is bad I suggest downloading the google keyboard.If you can overlook all that the this phone isn't so bad. I did tons of research before hand none of them told me about all of these problems. I wish I had payed the more money for the galaxy phone.

bought this for my daughter-in-law  n she loved it has big screen n lots of apps would buy it again

The phone wont charge do i have a warranty im really mad it feel like i wasted my money can yall help me

I was in the market for a new phone and a friend had recommended this phone so I purchased it and it has been the best phone I have ever owned. Thank you so much

this phone is an upgrade from a samsung that I loved but had for almost 2 years and was just getting slower each day. This phone is amazing. The phone is quick to respond and has wonderful qualities and the price is something you cannot beat - plus I get all service for 40 a month. It doesnt get much better. I expected to pay more for the phones since boost is so cheap and there is no contract but this is not the case. :)

I absolutely love everything about this phone. It's unbeatable at this price. The shipping was FAST. I ordered it last Friday. and it came Tuesday. Everything was brand new, btw I'm doing this review on it anyways. But this phone is a must have. If your wifi keeps coming on, all you have todo is turn connections optimizer off under wireless networks, more, then mobile networks.

the phone has a large screen and has the ablity to do everything i ask. The battery drains fast and even on my usb charger in my car or on computer when useing phone it still loses battery life. If pluged in the wall and using it, it will charge. If the battery was better I would of rated it a 5stars.

In June 2013, I decided to do an upgrade on my Samsung Transform Ultra. My first choice was the Samsung Galaxy II, but instead I decided to try and save a few bucks and I purchased the LG Venice. Mistake. At first I loved the phone, then I started noticing things about this phone I didn't like. First off, the back camera on this phone is excellent. The front camera is a piece of crap. My old Transform Ultra front camera was ten times better. Then I noticed when the phone did a media scan, it took a looong time, and your gallery, videos, and camera would be tied up. Also, when I got the phone I found out an upgrade to jelly bean was available. I did the update and the phone became way slower. I experienced dropped calls, it takes a long time for the phone to respond when you try to make calls. there is no light to let you know your phone is completely charged,it freezes. Many times the alarm won't sound if you set it, the keyboard is slow, and it will also turn itself off. I know now that I should have spent the extra money to get the Samsung Galaxy. I can't wait to get another phone.'Update:This piece of crap phone has gotten worse. Now I can barely hear callers, it drops calls, the icon you touch isn't the app that opens.So frustrated. YouTube will not work at all. If you want to watch a video you have download it too watch it. Only get this phone if you want to.talk and text. Forget about anything else.

Looked at many alternative phones and decided on the LG Venice.Have not been disappointed.Moved from Sprint to Boost with no problem, but have to call Boost to make the change.Overall the purchase has been a good experience.

For the price this phone is awesome.  It is very light and has a bit of a cheap feel to it but nothing a phone cover can't take care of.  Very happy with this phone!

i like it::all the apps, quick memo, camera, size, settingsdislike: no notification light, cant multitask while callingi met my expectations, im very pleased

Great service!  Prompt delivery and efficiently receptive to questions after the phone was received. This was a major purchase for me, as I was replacing the only phone that I had. Very satisfied!

Easy to use.  Was able to sync everything to my phone like, google, linkein, etc. The speaker is clear and it can get pretty loud.  The  screen size is big enough for me and typing, because of the screen size is easy ( I have big hands).

This phone is my second smartphone. I moved up from the blackberry, so it's my first Android. I couldn't be more pleased with it. It's mostly smooth and quick, the keyboard can lag a little but it's not a complaint, just an observation. The screen is huge and plays videos perfectly. I was afraid to move to a touch screen but this one is PERFECT. The sensitivity is just right, and it was an easy transition for my first touch screen. Especially for the price, I couldn't be more pleased!

I love the phone. The only thing that was a little disappointing was the plastic film was peeling off arounnd the edges but the cover I got covers it. So no worries.

It got here perfectly and in good shape! the only problem is that it does not want to send pictures, other than that my girlfriend enjoys and loves every aspect of the phone!

suppose to come on the 14th, ordered it on the 8th, just got it on the 11th, fast service, more to come in words after i use it.

My oldest daughter had an LG Venice and loved it when I saw this one for a fraction of wha

i really was attracted to this phone and it worked great for the first couple months but i expected more features from it..Nice phone as far as looks..Just wish more was added to it..

we have had several issues with coverage and problem with Boost. to get it fixed.  But the basic phone ffunction is fine.done thingk I'll buy another one ...but time will tell.

I absolutely LOVE this phone...the only thing I don't like about it is, when I'm downloading something it'll give me a notification that it's done downloading, but another notification that it's still downloading....other than that, the phone IS PERFECT!!! :) I highly recommend this phone

Phone turns off every time light goes out not good because I am a diabetic an I need a phone at all times

BIG..

For my first android phone, I find it easy to use, and have not had any problems with it.  It lasts me all day on one charge, and I do a lot of work on it.  Be careful to follow directions well.  The ability to have different IDs helps to program what apps you want on each of the IDs you have on your phone.  It is great to have Skype on it, so you can talk face to face while being helped with programming on your computer.  Very wise investment!!!

great boost phone..better than a lot of the phones out there..i never had a problem with it and would recommend

phone is great had a bb but this is nicer. Camera isnt the best but i dont have any other complaints

I absolutely love this smartphone.the call quality to hear people is perfect.love the small lightweight design but yet a big screen.cover pops off easy and battery removes easy with a dull butter knife.if your having connect problems just turn off phone and remove battery for a few secs.love the color and style of all the apps with this and it does a pretty good job.for 150.00 great i highly recommend this im obsessed with it.

Item is great wish it has more options of streaming being an android phone but works great not a lot of issues.

My grandson chose this item, he is very happy with  his choice.  I'm happyhe's happy, his parents are happy Nana is paying.

This phone was purchased for my daughter as a christmas gift so haven't complain so the phone must really be good....

I recently switched phone carriers and researched all the phones for a non contract carrier.  I had an HTC 4G phone and it started bugging out on me after having it for almost 2 years.  The battery was horrible.  So I was looking for a smartphone with certain must have's.  Enter the LG VENICE!!What I love:-I like big screens so this fit the bill.  However it is not at all heavy.  It's so light compared to my old phone and less clunky.-It runs smoothly, not glitchy at all.  I've had the phone for about 2 weeks now and have downloaded various apps and applications and it still runs smoothly as it did the first day.-Love the customization.  Mobile ID lets you have different home screens to fit a specific need (apps for the sports person, the mommy ceo and/or the fashionista etc)-The camera has a quick shutter which is essential when you have a little 6 month old who constantly is moving.  Catches all those precious moments.-Battery lasts up to 24 hours with moderate use (calls, text, a few apps).  About 14 hours with a lot of use.  LOVECons:-One major con is that it doesn't have an LED light.  When I charge the phone, I am used to having an orange light come on to indicate its charging then a green light to signify when its done.  Doesn't have one which I thought was odd.  But has flash for camera, ironic!-When I download apps the apps get put to the end of my apps, doesn't get alphabetized automatically, I have to do it myself.  Not really a big deal but something to note.There you have it!!  For the price, this phone is superb!!!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED..

Absolutley in love with this phone.Although it is 3G it really is a charming phone Im in love with it everyday i learn something new from it.Im not too much a phone a geek so this phone really works for me its like my fake iphone

The phone works better the the Warps love the features.. The case works very well, it protect my phone which fell a few times no cracks or scratches

This phone scared me because it only has a 1ghz processor & it surprised me! The phone is great & the processor is snappy and fast, what I like about LG phones is that they come with a lot of widgets preloaded on them already BUT overall you can't beat the phone for the price 8/10 stars...!!?PROS:...Everything !CONS:...1Ghz processor !

this works great, Android Ice Cream is way better than 2.3 prior version.Really smooth, fast and thin.Don't even think about it just get it.

Love it at least it is more reliable then my last one.  It is a little touchy but I love it.

Super awesome phone. I love it!!!!!!! Has everything i need. And for the price of it makes it even better.

he thinks it is absolutely great. I would recommend it to other people.  it is easy to use and was easy to setup.

I got this phone for my mom for Xmas and she really loves it. she's still learning about all the features it has to offer :)

Bought this phone for my 15 year old daughter and she absolutely loves it and all of the features that it has

This phone has great ease of use, looks great, nice style and design. Several people recommended it and i agree.

Bought the phone for my wife and she loves it. Only complaint is the speaker sounds cheap and it's not 4g but we knew this from research. Great phone for Boost.

Excellent...I love it!! It was very easy to switch too, as I am already a boost customer...Great deal as well...

Great phone, lot of different things on the phone. Best feature is the facial recognition due to people who have lost or had phone stolen...that one feature will keep a phone from being used and you can have your serviced cancelled so that no one will be able to unlock the phone.

For those who want a smartphone, but don't want to spend hundreds of dollars this is a good option.  It has some annoying features and isn't always the most user friendly.  It also isn't the top of the line, but it's not suppose to be.

Its a nice phone but sometimes it gets stuck and i have to reprogram the phone and where you put the charger in the phone its getting loose.

I like this phone but my issue is the strength of the signal cause that is my worst problem, it just cuts off instantly.

This phone is crap!! I bought one for my wife but it will die as soon the phone is way from the boost network. Slow, shutoff, app will only work sometimes. DON&#8217;T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!

Great product for the money! I reccomend to anyone who is looking for a great android phone. Great for the money

My wife loved it, awesome phone at a great price, some reviews i read online said it felt or looked cheap well its not made of gold or silver and its not got diamonds for the control buttons, so if thats what ya want go some where else other wise its a great phone

It's a good phone, but I can't clear the used RAM. Every time I do it just goes right back up almost instantly.

I'm only a basic user so I'm not sure if it's advanced enough for power users. However on Boost's reducing price plan it makes sense. Service so far has been good. Value was important to me.

I have a problem with these cellphone. Because I live in Venezuela and the LG Venice is CDMA type. I cant use the Phone.

The phone was for my wife. She really didn't like the phone too much the screen quality was ok. Not near as good as my htc design.

This is a great phone by LG.  Easy to operate and handle.  It is just the perfect size and the price was great. Would recommend this phone to anyone.

This is honestly, hands down, my favorite underglow kit I've ever installed, used or seen definitely worth the money. I would recommend this kit to all my family and friends.

Bought this phone for my Sis who had and ancient mega giant dot pixel phone.  She loves it.  Based on what I've seen its as good as any competitive Android phone on the market today and at a reasonable price.  Good phone if you have a pre paid plan.

I purchased this phone less than 30 days ago and starting having problems after a week.  For example when using the phone the mute button will turn on for no reason and the other person cannot hear you.  Then when making a call using contacts, the phone will routinely dial a different contact four or five contact away.  When dialing a number the phone will place the call before you have finished entering all of the numbers.  The hands free device I use will not connect to the phone for no reason.  I tried another headset and same problem.When using the settings, the phone opens the wrong item even though the opened item is no where near the button you touched.  Boost will not allow a return since they only offer a refund/exchange within 3 days.  LG tells me to contact Boost and Boost tells me to contact LG.LG will not replace the defective phone only repair the phone.  From what I have read from others who had problems with their phone, LG does not fix or repair the phone you purchased.  Instead LG will send you a different phone that has been "refurbished" and you will not have a phone for at least 7 days.  Now I have to pay an another  $65 for the insurance deductible for a phone that was defective when it left the factory.If you purchased this phone and have had problems like I have right after you bought the phone, post a review.  Another attorney in my office thinks I can file a civil suit against LG and ask for class action status if enough people come forward with problems with the phone right out of the boxDO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!  There are several other phone that work much better some of the phone are more expensive (I which I would have paid $50.00 more and received a phone that actually works) and some are cheaper.

It works ,does everything its Says,easy to learn  and takes great pictures!!I would purchase again  if I need a phone

Best phone I ever owned. Love it..... Love it... Love it.. The phone works just perfect a nice camera and I great screen

I did not enjoy this phone at all had it for 3 days and ended up buying a different phone, this phone so slow dont waste your money.

This phone is a little larger than some of those out there...and it is pretty easy to use as well. I am really enjoying using it and all the apps that come with it. The battery lasts all day and night. My last phone would die after a few hours...I hated it. Would recommend to anyone who dislikes all those phones that are so complicated to use. This one is sweet.

This smart phone is excellent, the only problem is battery time but I will charge it then put it on power save it help a bit.

This is a great phone like all the features that came wit it..and the accessories also.it didnt arrive on the date that it was supposed to..but we are grateful...thanks Amazon

I don't like LG much, but I'm in love with this phone, I needed a new phone & this was new on Boost Mobile & has the newest Android version plus it has a beautiful big screen, not too big like the Galaxy SII so it's perfect for me. Recomed it!

I love this phone SO MUCH.  The big screen, the easy interface.  The price is great, the camera is so much better than my last phone.  I'm so happy.

This phone isn't for anyone who is looking for perfect but for different yes this is your phone this phone is very nice its not a 4g but it is fast and its the same size as i phone 4, very good graphics and HD nice speakers and with the android ice cream this will boost your apps quickly and make your phone be faster, very good phone five stars in my book.

Best boost mobile phone I've ever had and wouldn't change it for the world. Thanks again for the good deal.

I had a verizon cell nothing special. with a momth to month bill. wanted a no comtract cell phone. this LG Venice was the best one available for boost. I didnt want the cheapest one. well I have had it replaced once with in 30 days. now its been about 4 months and I have been having issues with the cell for a while, its slow. freezes. the keypad cant keep up, freezes as well. I can sit & count while I wait for the phone to finish what its doing (send a text) befor I can send another text or do anything else. I have counted past 45/50 sec. maybe Im nuts but it drives me crazy when I am in a hurry... now I read As of May 18th, the Venice is being upgraded to Android Jelly Bean 4.1.2.... so now I know what the problem is. an upgrade has fubar my cell. I am going to look in to a reverse on the update. or I'll sell my LG Venice on amazon or ebay...

The battery is non existent with this phone save your money!! I only gave it one star because there wasn't an option for zero stars

The screen is huge and it works great. I was upgrading and the boost website made it so easy to switch phones. Apps open fast and it was very easy to personalize. I have had it over a month and it has not crashed or I have not had to turn it off and back on (more than I could say about my last phone). Now I see why there is soo many great reviews.

I picked this phone up in early December for $250 from a Boost Mobile retail store, just a few months of it coming out in October. I had made the switch to Boost (from Verizon to save cash) and the Samsung Prevail was my first phone; yet I was in need of something with more functionality for email and text. Prevail's a fairly basic device for one who don't want too much flair. So I went with the Venice. Looks nice and it's lightweight.I was satisfied with the Venice until February of this year when the phone randomly crashed on me. Of course I sent it back and it was working like new...for a month. From that point, my calls would drop and I lacked a consistent 3G signal. I did multiple resets within the phone and holding the Vol Down + Home + Power buttons but it didn't fix my problem. Yet my 3G signal is fine on the Prevail so that right there says it's not an issue with Boost.So I reached out to both Boost and LG on a replacement and Boost told me to contact LG about this. LG said that this defect isn't under the limited warranty; despite it being an internal issue with undesired functionality. I believe a wireless radio within the device is burned out and it's something that should be honored by the warranty. So now I'm stuck with a $250 paperweight...that I could use for a MP3 player I guess, since the Prevail isn't the flashiest phone around. But at least I can make calls without them dropping.I would strongly recommend looking into other phones. Anything from HTC or Samsung is a nice fit, like the Evo Design or Galaxy S3. Personally I don't trust LG or their devices anymore and this is the only product of theirs I own. I would expect better from a well-known company.

One of the best phones I've owned- This coming from someone with extremely high expectations for technology. It works fast, the screen is durable and looks phenomenal, the camera takes perfect pictures, rarely freezes, I've never owned a phone that works this good. It's better than an iPhone, and cheaper too. Not to mention, not having to deal with Apple is an added bonus.Only cons: The battery life is pretty short, you'll need to keep a charger with you. It's also difficult to find a case.

The service is excellent.The phone works amazing, The graphics on the phone are definately worth $150+But the Battery is not so amazing. i allowed the battery to charge up to 11 hours when i first got it..And did all the proper steps to charge it..But 3 weeks later.. the battery is not dependable.And in order to get a replacement battery.. They want you to send them your battery first. Then they will send you back a replacement.. so basically they want you to go without a phone for a week, Does that make any sense to you people.. LOLAnd Boost Mobile has terrible Customer Service.. basically its hard to figure out how to get a Live Advisor on the phone..But im not slamming the phone and service... They are awesome.. The Battery and Customer Service are a nightmare though.Im going back to Virgin Mobile though.. their customer service is awesome.. Alot better than Boost.

My wife and I had the ZTE Warp and I used to have to take my battery out of it at least twice a day. I have had the venice for one month and could not be happier. I never have problems with apps. The camera is great with no delay from when you touch the screen until the pic is taken. I absolutely love this phone. I don't know why you would buy any other Android from Boost.

Great phone & Brand, large screen, great front/rear cameras 5mp, video capable of shooting up to 720p recordings and of course runs on the new Ice Cream Sandwich. It's a well rounded phone from a great company (LG) and ad boost-mobile the combination is perfect.

i think it was great for the price i paid , a fewscratches but the phone is in great condition...

Bought this for my wife and she loves it.  Would recommend this phone.  I plan on getting one soon. Great job LG.

I was a die hard blackberry user for years.  My blackberry was giving me so much trouble so I decided to try something new.  LG Venice had such good reviews so i went with it.  I received my phone earlier than expected.  I absolutely love this phone!  So far i've had no issues.  I can browse the internet with no problems and it is surprisingly fast.  I've read where others complained about the battery life, but no complaints here.  I fully charge my phone at night and once fully charged i am good for the entire work day and I work 9-5.  I talk, text, listen to music on my walk to work and during lunch, surf the net etc.. and no problems with the battery.  I would suggest turning WiFi off when you are not using the net because it will save your battery life and put your phone in energy save mode.  This phone is very easy to use, I am very pleased and would recommend this phone.

I recieved my phone. The box looked like it went trough hell and back. And not to mention a corner of the screen is white n doesnt work.

Easy to use..plays movies great from netflix..easy to play my favorite games on, and love the screen size..its perfect couldnt ask for a better one!

i was expectinv Amazon to help me with this phone! They totally lyed to me and it is recorded! I have gotten beat on two items si far and i only made a few purchases! As far as Amazon they will lose one customer!

Mostly, I am enjoying this phone. It is extremely light, user friendly, and has great options. However, The speaker quality is frustrating. I find myself asking &#34;what?&#34; repeatedly every time I talk on it, no matter who I am talking to (and with people I have talked to clearly with my old LG product). The speaker on the other end sounds like they are mumbling and the sound cuts out. Fortunately, I do not talk on the phone much- I usually text and really enjoy the text and media features of the phone. Just wish the sound quality was better.

This is a great phone right out of the box. There aren't an annoying ammount of aps already installed and it's the most user friendly phone i've ever had.  It's fast and intuitive.I'm very happy i went with this phone!

Great, meet my expectations. Alot of free apps.I'm very pleased with the product after switching from samsung. The price worth it.

This is a difficult phone to figure out for older people. The younger folks in the family are constantly helping my husband get to what he wants to do. (usually 7 yr. old grandson) It has a great sound for Pandora or other music

bad lens i wanted to replace a new one but it takes time and money to get a new one. It should be a good and decent one at the first place but is not.

Vary happy with the phone. Just wished the wi-fi would stay off after it is turned off. Can this be fixed? Ihope so !

the phone works really well. the battery doesnt last long and you have to keep charging it... i would recommend this phone

love it!!!!!! It was everything I expected more. I searched for almost a month before i made up my mind. Then i searched for a week to find the best/cheapest price and Amazon it was.

DON't buy.....BUYER BEWERE IT DO NOT EVEN DESERVE 1 STAR,THIS PHONE SUCKS I CAN ONLY SEND AN RECEIVE PIC TEXTS OVER WIFI I CAN ONLY GO ON LINE OVER WIFI THIS IS THE WORST PHONE EVER,SOON AS I GET HOME I SWITCHING IT BACK TO MY BOOST FLIP PHONE&#128554;&#128557;&#128553;&#128548;DO NOT BUY!!!!

I have had lots of phones.  After using numerous Motorola, Samsungs and others, I bought the LG730 a couple months ago.  My old Samsung had just died and the LG730 Venice was the only choice at Target for a Boost smart phone at 10pm on a Saturday night, so I tried it very reluctantly.  WOW!  Using for two months now.  No problems ever with the Android side being under-powered or slow.  No need to jailbreak the o/s in order to get apps to work.  No dropped calls.  Compatible with my SD cards, micro usb cables and chargers, small enough to go in shirt pocket, compatible with all my Bluetooth devices, great sound quality on speaker or regular!  Good screen.  Touch screen works well.  Works great with USB to my laptop to send and receive text messages, files, backup the phone, etc.  Could not be better, and with the price under $200, the service at about $45 per month, for text, www, and voice is superb!  I use the voice to text message constantly to send text without having to type it in and it works flawlessly.  Camera works great.  Built in flash.  I can't say enough good about this phone.  Its a real home run for Boost after they released numerous "smart" phones with limited features and abilities.  You cant go wrong with this one.

It's easy to use and I can retrieve alot of free apps.  The casing a very durable and stylish.  I'm not a person that uses there phone for everything so I get a good battery life as well.  I'm very pleased that I chose this phone

Phone has its slow moments. A lot of slow moments to the point that if I were a desperate impatient person I'd have already thrown the phone against a wall or something. But so far so good. Display is good. Sound is okay, though sometimes there'd be a glitch to a song (slow, again) and well... But for the price and boost, I say worth it.

I love this LG phone! It's very easy to use! I was reluctant to get an Android phone at first (I'm not the kind of person who needs a phone that can cook you breakfast), but I'm very happy with this phone so far!

I purchased this phone when it first came out and I loved it but about 6 months down the everything went downhill just like the rest Boost crappy phones. I had to reset the phone numerous times, it's slow as molasses, the battery life is unbelievably, pathetically sorry. It takes me about 5 hours to get a charge and it loses charge in about 2 hours literally. I sent the phone to LG on numerous occasions only to receive the phone in the same exact condition that I sent it in. The list goes on but I definitely WOULD NOT RECOMMEND this phone or any other of Boost phones for that matter to anyone. Buy at your own risk. I will be switching providers, that's for sure.

Excellent phone must press factory reset to get the apps to download it took a few days to appreciate the beauty of the phone and it has my assist concierge service i love the phone and am keeping it i came back online to buy another one and they were sold out at that price. I love it it makes me feel good . The phone includes 6 id packs and several medical dictionaries included in play books. What a value i would recommend it to my friends and family. Very unique i love the phone. I hope you sell a million .

I absolutly love my new phone and all of its features. It is very light weight and really fast. I would for sure buy this again.

I have many if surgerys n i have lost conrol of this phone many of times. Case flew one way battery the other n the front n bk facing everywhete else. N let me tell u if i hadnt drop this for iver 50 times im lying, not one crack not one crackef screen. It jus amazes me how durable this phone is. My coworker dropoed her samsung one time n wen she turned it over cracked! Im amazed!

This is my first smartphone so don't know a lot about it. Im still learning its features. I love it but the only bad thing i see is it has to be charged daily. Overall great phone / great price. Amazon website $50 less than boost mobile website.

I was initially torn between the LG Venice and the HTC (Boost) but I've been pleased with the functionality of this one. I got a strong, rubber, case that's saved it from many drops and being jammed in a purse, pocket, or bag. The screen is clear, the battery lasts as long as you watch what functions/apps you do (which it does for you with a power saving function.) I liked how it offered it's own upgrades, took decent pics, but I didn't like the SD card getting filled up with no way to store more stuff on available phone internal memory. (I could do that with the Transform Ultra.) Overall, I got good call coverage but sometimes the other person sounded like they were underwater. I found it a bit bulky but that was more from the thick case. Clear screen, good adjustable sounds, and some cool gadgets I'd like to steal and put on another phone as I won't be getting another LG until I give the other brand LTE 4G's a try, like the HTC sv one, which I've no experience with yet.  I'd recommend the LG Venice for the price if you're not ready for the LTE bandwagon, it's good but not perfect.

I love this phone and the price i paid for it the only problem i have is the speaker is low overall this is a must have

Great phoneIt was a gift for my husband since he refused to change his samsung prevailHe loves it and I'm glad I bought it for him.

Phone shipped on time and was in great conditon. Just not the phone what i thought it would be may be looking for different phone soon...

I loveeee my new phone.  it is what I expected and ten times more. I am so elated. thank you

it seems to be an ok phone still trying to figure it out, haven't decided if it's a phone worth a better rating yet.

OUTSTANDING CELL PHONE, PRICE WAS EXCELLENT! I CAN'T FIND ANY FLAWS WITH THIS PHONE. THE PRICE ON BOOST WAS ALMOST 3 TIMES WHAT I PAID.

Phone is slick and slim like it's features it has and the size I'm a big man so i like big phone but this 1 holds me down till boost Mobile make a bigger screen.

love this phone works great with pandora anywhere you go.Also great pictures and videos have no had any real problems with it yet!!!

It was a good phone but it had its lows as in how much ram it had but good for the price.

This is my first cool phone, ive always just had the sturdy dinosaur phones.I have not been disappointed yet! Very fast great easy to use wifi and apps.Overall very user friendly and affordable.

I love this phone!! It was exactly how it was described when I purchased it. Delivery date perfect and so was the packaging. I am very pleased and satisfied! All of my items tthat I have purchased now and in the past thru Amazon has never let me down!! Thank you guys at Amazon :-)

This phone is great easy to see and size just right. Good android phone. Easy and quick excess to the internet.

I bout the LG Venice in the later half of 2012. At first the phone was lightning fast, great WIFI, very responsive screen, pretty much everything you could ask for in a phone. But now its a different story. 5 months of owning this phone and the WIFI starts acting up. WIFI constantly losses connection even when I'm standing next to the wireless router! The internet is sometimes slow even when connected to WIFI and 3G just sucks. Then, when typing, it takes a few seconds for the letters or even whole words to show up. The animation in apps is sometimes choppy. Now the biggest headache of all time has unleashed! The phone just cuts off for no reason at all. I figured it was a battery issue so I purchased a brand new LG battery, and still the same thing happens with a brand new battery on a full charge the phone just shuts off whenever it wants, it will not stay on longer than a minute. This phone is the first product I have ever purchased from LG, not happy with the results. Probably won't buy another phone from them again.

I love everything about the phone only problem is the speaker when I am talking to someone battery life is very good I like to play lots of games love the clarity,very compact love the slim look.

So far the phone itself is great.  BUT...I had to return one and get a replacement.  The first one would not charge dependably nor hold a charge.  I didn't wait around to find out what the problem was, I promptly sent for a replacement.  Amazon sent out a new one immediately; I didn't have to wait to send the old one back. The process was rather easy - credit Amazon.When I got the new one I noticed that some things were different which led me to believe that the first one I got was NOT NEW!  The first one: did not have an sd card, the battery was already in the phone and the decal on the outside-back of the battery cover was not there - All different with the new phone.So I am guessing that the first one was refurbished, used or something of the sort. So be on the lookout for any indication that yours is not brand new.I know this is possibly more a review of the merchant than the phone, but I thought it important to report.

Had I know this device had to be rooted. I would've bypassed it for a Samsung or HTC. However, for the price it was a bargain. Now just working through the headache of getting it rooted. It arrived way before I expected it. True to their word, It does show cosmetic, dings and knicks. Overall score will be 3.5 stars.

Great phone for basic needs. I got this to replace my daughter's Kyocera Hydro and she loves it. It has a lot more options and access too everything she needs and a larger screen plus its easier to hold.  LG makes great phones.

I simply love this phone....such good quality and the screen is pretty big too. It has everything well organized and it is pretty quick....definitely not a slow phone. It has plenty more and on the plus you can screen capture. (push the on button and volume button all together. It does a lot more than mentioned, but i honestly recommend this phone to anyone!!

First off my package was shipped SMARTPOST of which I have heard Turrable, Turrable *Charles Barkley voice* things about. I ordered my phone on a Thursday afternoon using Free Shipping, 3 days later on Sunday night the package was shipped and arrived that Monday.I had the LG Marquee, bought this and gave the Marquee to my GF. I love this phone. The screen is big so I can enjoy web surfing, games, videos, pix and whatnot. Android 4.0 is definitely a great upgrade from Gingerbread (but gingerbread is still nice so if your budget calls for a phone with Android 2.3 you wouldn't be disappointed). I am in Atlanta so the 3G is excellent, when im on the go the Venice and Marquee both zoomed on 3G. I easily switched my phone over on the Boost Mobile website an was rockin in minutes. This phone definitey runs smoother with all my apps than my previous one & the Memo feature is great. I havent gotten a chance to really use the camera but so far so good, I love being able to just ay a word i.e. &#34;Cheese!&#34; and the phone takes a picture.As far as design I think it looks like an updated version of the very 1st iPhone. Had Apple kept gong wth the same color scheme I believe one generation of the iPhone would definitely look similar the LG Venice. The phone is very slippery so I would suggest finding a good case to keep the phone in when on the go. I like the home button and that you can use it to wake up the phone instead of havng to find the power button hidden in the top.WHY 4 Stars instead of 5:Front camera is VGA and that is very, very limited in quality. Some websites can be laggy sometimes, I thought it was the screen on my phone not being sensative enough but it always runs well on apps just lags a bit on certain big sites. Another thing I hate is that this phone probably will not be getting an Android update and I would rather not Root it.Hope this helps with you decision.

I am actually obsessed with this phone!!! I Love the price it was $20-40 cheaper than the ones they are selling in Boost Mobile stores + Boostmobile.com. I really enjoy it. A gamer&#8217;s wet dream.  I have upgraded from the gingerbread based Boost mobile phone the Samsung galaxy prevail which was logy, took forever to open an app, took forever to swipe, forget about emulators, bad RAM count had to upgrade to a 4 GB SD card and still ran out of room. The amount of apps on that phone that I could hold on the phone only was only 11 or so. This phone kicks the crap out of that. I can play any emulators from Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis, N64, and PS1. Game board Apps like Monopoly run like a charm. The Music Player kicks butt, the weather widgets, facebook buttons widgets, Google play books, and optimized ram is perfect. I am an electronic file junky. I enjoy collecting music and movies making ringtones and taking photos + playing all kinds of games. This Phone is perfect if you want everything in a phone and the price is perfect. I only pay $40 a month everything unlimited and this initial $200 phone will last me a long time. No problems with it and love the big touch screen.  Camera comes with a flash, plus a amazing crisp zoom, it takes panoramic photos, theres about 2GB worth of internal phone memory, it comes with a ram optimizer, 2GB SD card, millions of customization options great Android Ice Cream based phone. I bought this phone on Cyber Monday and got it with Prime shipping and within 2 days it was on my front doorstep. Awesome product I love it thanks so much!

I've had Samsung phones for a few years and always been just a little unhappy with them.  This LG is an awesome phone!!

I purchased this device in Feburary. It is now April and the phone is very much defective. I'm sending it back for repair. When people call me they can't hear me unless I put them on speaker. The screen blacks out randomly. I've never dropped the phone or anything. Very disapointed.

I owned the Samsung Prevail before this phone so keep this in mind regarding my review. I wanted the best Boost phone which is the Samsung 2.  However, the price point difference between the LG and Samsung even with sales ranged about 180.  Lg Venice pros:  graphics are wonderful/fast compared to my last phone/nice large screen/ease of use for someone new to smart phones/good value for the $$$. Lg Venice cons: Phone has a cheap feel compared to my old Samsung/and the biggest let down video & camera not great, my prevail actually preformed better in this dept. ... in retrospect I might have opted for the Samsung 2 based on the video/camera. However, I figure I will be purchasing another phone in about 9-12 months so maybe the Samsung 3 or better yet the Note will show up on Boost ...

I bought this phone from HSN and at first thought it was really cool because of the Front Facing camera, and lite body style, but the swipe response time is not as fast I thought it would be. Another MAJOR ISSUE WITH THIS PHONE, this will make you hate this phone. This phone automatically switches into Wi-Fi mode wether you want it too not, wether the signal is strong or not. The problem this causes is that if you attempt to make a phone call, it will take a long time to go through, the other is that you will not be able to access the internet, and also the Google Talk commands will not work. You will find yourself consistently switching from the on Wi-Fi Mode to the Off Wi-Fi Mode. The internal memory also doesn't hold much. If you can see yourself around these things, it does take nice pics and its ok. IF I HAVE OTHER CHOICES MONEY WISE, I WOULD STRONGLY CONSIDER SOMETHING ELSE.

I bought two of these phones, one for me and the other for my fiance. We were upgrading from ZTE Warps. Personally I liked the warp, although it did seem to get a little sketchy near the end. The Venice is much lighter. It runs pretty smooth and the features on it are really nice. The price has also gone down sense I bought it, which makes it an even better deal. Battery life varies for me depending on what I am doing and if I am using power saver. Overall I feel it is sufficient. My fiances biggest complaints are that it can get pretty warm ( She can be on it for hours reading news sites and playing games like candy crush,) and that sometimes it can have a hard time connecting. Ours switch back and forth between 3G and Wifi when we come and go from the house. I believe that may have something to do with it. Everything said, No Regrets.

This phone can do a lot and has a big, bright screen.  Pictures are clear and defined.  The only thing is that it can be slow sometimes and my favorite game takes a long time to load.

I am completely loving this phone and all of the features it has. It not only arrived on time but works great! Thank you!

I am giving this a bad review because I NEVER used it.  Not because it is a bad product.  You should have a &#34;No Opinion&#34; or a &#34;Not Applicable&#34; rating.

i was nervous switching to a no contract phone but this is not a cheap thing at all. Its really well made with real metal not the silver plastic you see on a lot of phones. Its quick andIve never had a problem with it or the service.

I purchased this phone for the spouse and it got me off the hook, she loves all the features and the benefits it has to offer!

I'd give it 5 stars compared to my last phone, the Galaxy Prevail, which was awful. This phone I can't really complain, especially for the price. It kind of lags when texting and sometimes it's a little slow but overall I'm definitely content with the purchase. I'd highly recommend it and for the price, good luck trying to beat it.

Man, things starts to run slow after a few months. Runs great at first, but once you start adding apps and such, it can start to run slow. Battery is okay. Well worth the price.

Simple phone, if you want to do anything beyond one or two apps forget it! slow slow slow, it delays in response I only have 2 apps downloaded and have had it for 4 months and it does not keep a charge, hardly if ever connects to anything via net if not connected to wi-fi and apps are 80% non responsive. yes was only 100 dollars but you can get a Iphone 4 for a hundred and it is not as cheap. not too impressed lately with any LG phone.

Got this phone in July and by December (less than 6 months) it was totally FUBAR.  I had a hard case for the phone and never dropped it, etc., so I expected this phone and this brand to be much better than it turned out to be.  By December, it was dropping calls constantly; instead of receiving texts, it would ring once - and then nothing; the screen wouldn't lock and when I was on the phone, people constantly complained of a beeping noise as though I was hitting numbers, so I could only use it on speaker; then it stopped registering missed calls/voice mails.I have been arguing with LG about getting a refund but they are insisting that their warranty will only cover sending the phone in for a tech to look it over.  I tried explaining that this was my only phone and I couldn't go weeks without a phone and would be forced to buy a new phone because their POS phone didn't last 6 months so I felt a refund was perfectly reasonable to ask for.  They disagree.  BTW - they sent the phone back and when I called today reiterating that I wanted a refund not a POS phone, they told me the only issue they could find was a stuck button on the side.  Feeling fairly confident that the 'stuck button' would not address all the problems the  phone was having.  Sigh...thanks a lot LG.

This is a fantastic phone. The operating system works as it should. The apps open, albeit sometimes slow. I am very happy with the phone except for two things: 1) the case is "slippery" and 2) the battery life is HORRIBLE. So....buy an aftermarket cover/sleeve and stay close to outlets and chargers.

I have had my fair share of phones but this by far is the best yet. I was trying to decide between this and the samsung galaxy. After reading the reviews and comparing specs I decided on this one. It is half the price but just as good of a phone. My favorite thing about the phone is how big the screen is. The only com[plaint I have is that i wish the battery life was longer.

Simply Amazing!! That's my impression of this phone. The LG Venice has everything you need, and more. It has a sleek, elegant design that gets alot of attention, and curiosity from friends. It performs as good as it looks. This android phone is very fast, smooth and stable. Video streams are high quality and vibrant. Phone calls are heard clearly (best of any phone I've owned). 3G is nothing to sneeze at, it's plenty fast for seamless, uninterupted video streams. Yes 4G is super fast, but 3G will easily get the job done without any complaints. This android from LG will easily draw attention away from those holding expensive iphones, as i can testify to this phenomenom. Spend a few hours reading online reviews of the LG Venice, then compare to others in this price range.....the result ends up being a &#34;no brainer&#34;. Get the LG Venice in your hand, and you'll know right away that you bought an absolutely amazing phone, at a give-away price. DO NOT MISS OUT ON THIS ONE!!

my wifes phones works and charges fine the one i have the bettery keep dieing it will take 12 hours tro charge then last little over n hour othere then that both phones are cool

THIS PHONE IS USELESS. I BOUGHT THIS PHONE 7MTHS AGO AND IT SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I HAVE TO GET A NEW PHONE,  NOT L G. ANY PHONE WILL BE BETTER THAN THIS CRAP.

Probably the best phone for the money.  I love this phone. I upgraded from a samsung galaxy prevail... wow, night and day difference.  Im a gamer, music lover, and picture taker.  This phone would be perfect for almost everyone.  Fast operating system, no lagging with lots of apps running at the same time.  Lots of internal storage... too much more to list.  Honestly I cant find anything to complain about, except I havent figured out how to take a screen shot yet... in time.  Great phone!

It's a nice phone, I like how it doesn't freeze up on me like my old ZTE Warp did. It switched from Ice Cream Sandwich OS to Jelly Bean OS as soon as I got it and starting playing around with it. I have dropped a few phone calls with it, but that was in areas where service isn't the greatest, or the weather was bad. I do sometimes move faster than the phone, so it takes it a second to catch up (Not bad though). I have no problem connecting to wifi or keeping a connection. The front and rear facing camera is nice. It does lose battery rather quickly, if I'm on it using wifi or the network. other than that I have no complaints about this phone. I've had this phone for about a week. :D

the lg venice is a pretty goood,phone i rarely have problems with it except every now and  then i have trouble with viewings videos,but thats more of a problem for the carrier other that its a neat phone.

hi  thanks  this  cellphone  works  excellent  good  signal  long  live battery  and  i dont know  what  else  to  say  am  comfortable  with  it  i have  no  complaint  text  calls  web apps  works  fine

I got the LG Venice a few days ago and love it.  I previously ha the samsung transform, and this phone blows it away. You also cant beat boost mobile service almost down to 45 dollars a month.  I also owned an HTC Evo 4g and this phone is more powerful than that and has a little bit better battery.  Great phone and great price highly recommend this phone.

I love this cell phone. Bright pictures and video's and games. Takes great pictures too. I will recommend this def!!

I bought my husband this phone because I already had one just like it myself.  It's super easy to use and can do so much.  We are online all the time playing.  Colors are bright and beautiful.  Screen is large enough to see everything.  So happy we have these phones and the price is nice.

the five stars i gave this phone speaks for itself i love this phone i had the samsung prevail before this phone it was dropping my calls didn't real have signal and then i purchased lg venice works awesome no drop calls perfect signal i highly recommend this phone

Having problems with battery only last for an hour other then that i love its areally good phone to have

I bought this phone several months ago and I love everything about it except one thing - the call quality stinks. A &#34;clear&#34; call with full bars makes the other person sound like Steven Hawking but most calls aren't clear, so it sounds like I'm conversing with a Speak & Spell.

this was a gift fir my daughter and she said it has everything on it that she needs in a phone

does not work in my country, I wanted to return it and the seller did not allowed me. I can not use it in my country in any way because nobody can not unlock. How can you help me. I appreciate your time and attention to my case.

Awesome! This is by far the best piece of equipment I've ever owned. Never owned a touchscreen before, thought they were overrated.  I have seen the light. Good job guys!

just got it today n being playing with it as much as i can love the screen and brightness thanks for this wonderful phone its made just for me

It works great and i would have given it 5 stars except for the fact that it seems to have a mind of its own about what apps are running in the background no matter how many times i shut them down. the battery life is not all that either but overall a very nice phone.

sturdy, light and great screen. great phone for way less then the boost store. we have had them for a few days now and love the features.

the phone  freezes and the battery doesnt stay charged and when trying to answer a call  the ringtone wont stop playing.i do not like the phone at all.

This is the worst phone I have ever had the displeasure to have purchased. the battery lasts maybe 8 hrs. on a good day, reception with boost mobile is so bad I cant even call home from work.  So don't waist your money on this phone. its nice to look at but it just doesn't work

I've purchased two already. One for my wife and one for my daughter. They love the phones. The only downside of these is that they don't have 4G which is why it gets 3 stars. Other than that, they have all the usual android smartphone features. Great for the price if you need something quick to use with Boost Mobile which is almost half the cost of other carriers for unlimited everything. Shipped quick in a secure package. Well worth the money.

I bought this phone for my girlfriend she loves it its very fast and the camera is really good she likes how it looks and feels

I bought this phone after reading rave reviews and have definitely learned my lesson to ignore most reviews as they must be from the manufacturer/paid reviewers. I am not either of those and it is possible that my specific phone is a dud and others work well but I have met one other LG'er and she also said the phone is the worst. That said, let me start by explaining what is wrong with this phone; it gets no reception anywhere. I basically can not make phone calls. I live in Chicago and service is not the issue, I also have the same service as a lot of people I know and it works for them with different phones perfectly well. This phone drops calls every time I am on it. I also have had several occasions of "I tried calling you all last night, why didn't you answer?" and my phone never rang or registered a missed call. At this point I have stopped using the phone for phone calls. Awesome. Next on the list is text messages; when I go into my text messages it takes a good 30 to 60 seconds to bring them up. I have deleted them all and it still works the same way. I don't have a crazy amount of contacts in my phone maybe around 70 so that's not the issue either. If I get a text and go to look at it I better be patient because it can take a minute sometimes more and maybe if it's real crabby it will restart itself. Responding to them is not bad, that part actually works. Next up is the internet; I was excited for this phone as it was my first real smart phone and was looking forward to streaming music and podcasts. Well look who the fool is now says my horrible LG Venice phone, it's me because this piece of junk can't do it. It stops all the time and basically does not work, alas I have stopped trying to utilize this feature. I have also added a new lock screen because I read that when the lock screen comes on the music goes off, this did fix that issue but still this phone is totally incapable of streaming anything seamlessly. This happens on 3G or lightening fast WIFI I have at work or at home. I have had many phone nerds look at this phone for viruses, extra processes running, etc. and there is no reason it should be like this. A few other little quirks of the phone; the battery lasts about 8 hours, that may be normal for a phone but it seems a little ridiculous considering I have nothing running on it, my 3G is turned off as is WIFI (turned it all off a long time ago). Sometimes in the morning when I wake up, my LG Vencie refuses too. That's right it's frozen and will not work even with a restart. At this point I have to take the battery out and restart it. Fun times! Most often when I have to restart it it will not read my SD Card so then I have reopen it, take it out and reinsert it and then it will read it.I now laugh at the countless issues of this phone and can't wait to replace it, but I just spent $150 on it a couple months ago and it just seems so wasteful. It has caused me so many many issues it's unbelievable. I missed a phone interview call even though I had it in my hand the whole time. All of sudden I see a new voice mail sitting there even though the phone never rang. I have had friends mad at me for not answering, missed important calls and texts and can't use the best functions of a smart phone. Until I can afford a decent new phone I am switching to a more reliable walkie talkie, you can find me on channel 78. I am giving it 1 star because I have to and also it has made me appreciate the simpler times before even basic cordless phones were around.

Best phone iv owned. much better than my last phone(HTC one). i have owned it for a couple of months and havent had any problems.

IT IS A VERY GOOD PHONE COMPARED TO THE OTHER PHONES I HAD IT DOES EVERYTHING I LIKE AND CAN'T BE MORE HAPPY WITH ALL IT DOES.

ive  have many phones this is  so quick and smooth to the touch but one thing movies arent that clear thats the only problem and boost mobile is great!!!

Awesome. Sauce!!!! Is the only way i can describe this phone i think its the best phone i hsve ever haf.

LG Venice review after 1 month of usageBy StevenDesign: light and extremely thin for its size.  The back feels rather cheap but with the right case you shouldn&#8217;t have to worry about durability (I had purchased the armor case on Amazon for a few bucks).  I am not a real big fan of large screens, but I must say the 4.3inch screen is mighty impressive (and not as bad as I thought it would be). Sharp edges can be a pro and con.  Pro for it helps with gripping in some cases, yet cons for putting it in a coat pocket can leave issues.  I would rate this section a C+Call/Speaker Quality: When listening to the person on the other end voices seem rather computerized well as people have told me that I can be heard crystal clear (I could also assume that boosts network would also have something to do with that.  Speaker quality is interesting.  At the lowest setting you could hear voices loud and clear yet on the highest setting voices are distorted and harsh which seems like the speaker wasn&#8217;t design to handle such volume setting. People have a hard time hearing me when using the speaker phone. Listening to music is great so far no need of an external speaker.  I would rate this section a C+Features/Processing:  The boost ID gives it great customizing options that would otherwise render its features somewhat cheesy (download holo launcher and you won&#8217;t have to worry that).  Screen brightness is great resolution is okay but when looking at HD videos it&#8217;s excellent. The keypad/keyboard is rather corny and in some cases an inconvenience.  Its quick memo is great.  Google maps tend to lag behind other phone models. Camera is definitely not the best.  The 1GH processor runs smooth (for the most part). Using Play Store can be a drag (but once again boost mobiles network also plays a part in that.  I had downloaded Super Booster to help free up needed RAM which helps a great deal with performance.  I would rate this section a B+ with added apps (B- without)Battery: The worst battery experience so far with smart phones (I have had 4 so far).  On a full charge I can get about 4 hours of talk time.  Roughly about 6 hours with casual usage (surfing the web, texting, et cetera).  2 to 3 hours with heavy usage.  It&#8217;s great that the phone comes with a traveler&#8217;s charger (for outlet/computer usage) however the design is an inconvenience and I could see in the near future it will be shorted out rendering it useless.  I do not like the fact that I can not use chargers from other companies like Samsung or Motorola.  With my Droid 2 I can use any charger that would fit and no damage is done to my phone or battery with the Venice however not the same case.  I would rate this section a D+Overall I would rate the LG Venice a 7.5/10 which is a C+ in my book. However if you add the apps I recommended I would give this phone an overall B-

The phone was not able to be charged after a day or two so had to return it.  No problem with the return though.  Very disappointed as I had taken family Thanksgiving pictures and the phone died and I couldn't save them :(

The shipping was great; pretty fast! So far the phone seems pretty great! Nice features, a good camera, hopefully it will continue to stay that way, it's only been a day :D

When I first saw this phone I was impressed by the size of the screen and thinness of the phone! I found text and keyboard layout to be easy and practical- overall it's a great phone for the price- it's up there with the Galaxy S2-

I upgraded from the Samsung Transform Ultra to this phone and I am so happy. This phone gave me the new IOS Ice Cream Sandwich, and along with it more available apps. The touch screen requires only a very light touch and is simple to scroll through all seven homscreens. One difference between the Samsung transform and the LG venice is that there is no LED indicator to let you know when a notification has arrived or when the device is completed charging, but that isn't a huge deal. Since this phone only has the onscreen keyboard it takes a little getting used to but can pretty accurately choose give me options for auto complete. Quicknote is a new feature with this phone as well, you can do a screen capture then use your finger or a stylus to make a note on that screen capture and share it by email or social media. It is a cool little feature but I have not gotten much use out of it yet. Also the battery life goes down pretty quickly if you are constantly keeping the screen on/using the system - you can get apps to help save your battery life but having a charger on hand is always a necessity.I highly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a relatively inexpensive but powerful smart phone.

it is a very nice and sleek looking phone, but the reception suck,s compared to my Samsung transform ultra.  The battery life is not to good if you use it for surfing the net. or heavy use  the Samsung was much better  Had to get new. phone boost locked my account. The LG Venice was the new phone they had looked great very nice looking phone BUT!!!!!!!

I order mine on the 1st of august and got it on the 2nd I love it called boost switched over the phone it was an extra 5 dollars to my bill fine I love it moves fast and everything you should get it im 19 and I don't get paid for this I wish but no lol buy it you wont sorry

I held off purchasing a smartphone for a long time because I could not justify the additional cost of the phone plan. My husband and I found out about Boost Mobile. Their plans are so affordable we finally took the leap into the smartphone arena. I read reviews of all the phones Boost Mobile had available. The LG Venice had the best reviews for the moderately priced phones. Going from a flip-phone to the LG Venice was quite the leap! For smartphone newbies, this phone is great for us! It's a great-looking phone; very intuitive; sound quality on calls is very good; pictures are not that great but I don't expect great pictures from a phone (at least not at this price range); web surfing is a little slow but it's not terrible. I do have to charge it everyday but apparently that is common for all smartphones? I love the swype keyboard! We are still learning how to use the phone (we've had it for 3 weeks). So far, we are very happy with our purchase of the LG Venice!

It freezes a lot and I wish the volume on the speakers was a little louder other than that I have no other complaints

I have tried a number of cellphones, and the LG Venice is by far my favorite.  Its so easy and simple to use or figure out without instructions.  The drop down to access your main features is perfect, and this is the first phone I owned that has the data feature via drop down.  You had to go into the settings, which was a pain.  The battery life is better on the Venice then the Samsung S2 I previously owned.  The camera is ok, I wouldnt use it for vacation pictures.  The internet is faster on wifi, however 3G works fine.  It charges superfast, the price is right, and you are getting a great phone!

Very good phone only problem battery runs down quick sometimes I need to charge twice a day I love the phone

I havent had a problem with this phone I love it I would recommend this phone to any of my friends or family

I am comparing this phone against boost mobile phones, like the zte warp sequent. the zte was slow and laggs, even with a "faster processor". also the zte had design flaws. so I returned it, and went with the lg! i am very happy with it performs like a more hi end phone, even though its specs are not. you will be happy with it.

I love this phone had a zte warp (hated it) but it stopped charging so I saw this and couldn't beat the price of 100bucks I was scared at first it was a sham ( brand new phone for so cheap)?when I saw used phones going for much more on a trading site ( the second letter of the alphabet and sitting by the dock...) the only problem I did have was the package was sitting by my front door when I got home I would rather have picked it up at the post office but other than that the phone is so helpful explaining the different functions it seems to work better then the customer service of the phone itself(heheh) any way I hope this is helpful and yes to let you know if you see this phone for 100 dollars again to snatch it up quick cause I see a day later the price has gone back up

cannot work in my country

I got this phone because it has a big screen and is not too pricey. I had the galaxy prevail which sucked and getting this phone was the best choice i could have made. This phone works great and it is prepaid which makes it very convenient for everyone.

I SEEN THIS PHONE HAD REALLY GOOD REVIEWS, SO I PURCHASED IT FOR MYSELF, DESPITE THE FACT IT IS NOT 4G, THE PRICE, DESIGN, AND FEATURES TOTALLY MAKE IT SO MUCH BETTER COMPARED TO A GALAXY...  ETC. THE PRICE AS SO CONSIDERABLY LESS ON AMAZON THAT EVEN IF I HATED THIS PHONE I COULD STILL NOT LOSE MONEY AS FAR AS IT BEING IN &#34;USED&#34; CONDITION (AFTER TRYING IT). I WOULD 100% RECOMMEND THIS PHONE!

Great phone, Im happy transefered my number very easy no hasstle. As of now im satisfied. The 1 and only down fall is the battery, it dies very quickly.

I bought this phone for my hubby and I have to say he loves it. I couldn't ask for more a great phone for a great price. thanks

For the price this phone would be hard to beat!...I love it! My husband got jealous of it, so I bought him one too and now he's in heaven. Very happy with our purchases!

i hardly get any service bars drop calls the speaker isn't that loud enough i hate this phone a waste of money.

Great phone, the screen is crystal clear and have had no problems with Boost Mobile and just hope continue to stay with the main cell phone providers so that Boost can continue to keep their prices down

Purchased this phone for my son, its an upgrade to his current Boost Mobile phone. The screen is larger, its way faster and the screen is much clearer. It a great phone at a great price.

I am sooo loving this phone. It has great features, alot of bells and whistles, and a great price. I am very happy with my purchase!

Phone doesn't work properly. Repeat sending/ receiving messages. Jumps off screen .not satisfied at all! Will not waste money again.no warranty papers in box. I hope that amazon will work wirh me on this matter

LG Venice offers way more features than Galaxy Prevail arrived earlier than promised.Glad I didn't listen to negative reviews

I love &#9829; my phone, after a year stills in great condition, battery life is excellent, I like the screen size big enough  to read all you magazines, apps work great...  No regrets!!!

Works just as well as any of the more expensive smart phones. Well worth the $.... And the battery life is much better than any other smart phones I've ever used

D phone doesn't work properly. . It shuts down when um tryn to use it ..I am not happy with this situation either! !!!

I've been using my Venice for about a month.... it's been a great advancement for me... I find it functions well..loads webpages great both over wi-fi and phone network  ... is easy to get used to for texting... I've experienced no continual dropping of calls with Boost mobile... most places it has worked great.... the phone is easy to hold.. I can put calls on speaker phone and have had no complaints or comments...It 's a decent picture taker... I'm not a gamer... but I do use fb and meetups... the apps work almost 100% of the time.... All in all.. Very Pleased.. the readouts are clear and colorful.. only drawback is in bright sun.... otherwise.. I have no complaints to date...

I love love love My new phone. Its large its easy to see and very sturdy. The quality of the photos on the camera is really good. Will update later on the other features . Great phone and yes I will buy again from this seller. Fast delivery as well.

The phone has reception issues

I have had no problems with the phone other than it goes dead fast when using the 3G network. but thats not the phones fault. THe phone is great

I really like this phone. I've had it for a few months and it's still working just as well as the day I bought it. It's my first smartphone so I'm really happy to have internet and all the android apps. I mostly use the smart phone capabilities for email, navigation, and reading ebooks. It has a pretty large screen so reading ebooks with the nook app is great. I'm on the boost mobile plan so the internet and data is very affordable. Obviously it's not the most advanced smartphone out there but it does everything I need and more for a really decent price.

the battery life sucks, if youre using your phone while its charging it will still die. the front face camera does not have a focal point nor sharpness.the back camera is great though! overall, i'd recommend this phone (:

There is no one like square trade ....Best customer service and  best extra protection plan for  a your item purchased...Trust me .....Excellent service....

My biggest frustration is with phone call and voice mail quality....it's terrible. I usually can't make or receive calls in my house (I live in the San Francisco Bay Area, so this SHOULD not be a problem). I have to go outside or sit in my car to talk. When I am connected, I often can't hear the other person. Voicemail messages are the WORST, not crisp and clear. A few times I couldn't decipher what the other party said at all. My low quality non-smart Motorola had way better sound quality.Battery runs down FAST when I'm out and about using my DATA.When I can afford the higher contract rates, I will buy a Samsung or iPhone.----------------------------------------------------------------------------Original review:This is my first smartphone, so I can't fairly compare it to other phones, but I am content. It's a fun first phone.Only cons so far...Not very fast, but then again it's not 4G.Screen touch too sensitive. While in Facebook I always end up somewhere that I didn't mean to because while touching the screen to scroll, it thinks I'm clicking for more information.

I was buying a new phone for my wife. All she wanted was a touch screen and internet access. For the price of this phone, it is well worth it . She loves this phone. Just keep in mind this phone only has 1 ghz processor, so if u want to have the phone run as smoothly as possible , u need to have very minimal things running when browsing the web. That way pages load at a normal rate. Make sure to update your phones software regularly to keep it running smoothly . This has kept my wife's lg running great for the last year now.just my experience.

my sister loves it!! Although she went from a Blackberry to this, she is still getting used to it, but she says she loves it!! The big screen as compared to the old phone was a plus for her, and she loves being able to multi task and use the apps she has grown fond of.... Facebook and email are so much easier for her to use on this one....I would get it for her again (her birthday gift) just to know how happy it made her!

Really cool i needed a case what have been nicer can i get a case use phone is cool to new one is better

This device actually surprised me. In a good way!Pros:*Inexpensive but delivers! Hardly notice any lag on it`s single core processor.*Screen resolution is not nearly as bad as people say it is, I actually can't tell the difference between the Venice`s display and HTC One SV`s (had that phone for about 2 weeks and it rocked! Just too pricey for it to seem like a `deal`)*Battery is not as bad as people say it is. After unboxing this Bad Boy and charging it to about 64%, ilI decided to customize my Venice as usual. Downloading fav apps. Setting up Microsoft Exchange and Gmail accounts. Browsing the web. Watching random cat playing piano videos on youtube...you know, the basics. I`m still at 37% and its been about 4 hours. I can see this battery lasting you a full work day on one charge. Ill update you once that day has played out!*LG perks like the Quickmemo feature and the say "cheese" function of the camera. Did I mention panoramic photos?Cons:*The front facing camera. So far the front facing camera does little to want you to keep using it. The lighting has to be just right. (Rear camera is good)*The charging (not discharge) of the battery itself. Basically I can see this device taking ~2 hours to charge up to 97-100%. Ill keep an eye on this and update you all later.*The feel of the device screams accident prone. It has a slick texture and could easily slip out of your hands considering how light this phone is. I would highly suggest a case ASAP.Overall great device for the price. Gonna go back to app shopping...cheers!

I love this phone. It came on time as expected. I bought a refurbished Venice and it is perfect! Aside from a few cosmetic scratches there isn't a single thing wrong with it. I couldn't be happier with a phone. It's definitely a good buy and this is coming from someone extremely picky about electronics.

All I can say is this product is a great buy for an android, shipping was fast. I love the screen fits good on my pocket and feels good on my hands, not to wide or heavy. I love the screen shots. The camera is ok anyway i like to edit my pictures for instagram anyway so no problem. Overall this is a good one works really well with Boost's unlimited data very fast. I'm happy with this phone and Boost Mobile.

I had a Samsung Galaxy 2 4G, after 2 months I drowned it.  This phone is half the price and almost as great.  The Venice has several things that make it better than the Galaxy 2 in my opinion, but I do find it a little sluggish at times.  I would by it again and it is a steal for the quality of phone.

I got this upgraded phone for my husband birthday, he complains that the phone keep cutting off . So I'm not happy with that. Will how to see what the problem are get an new phone.

it is a good fone, and I like it, but I do not like that the batery it`s not longer charge just that

the phone works great ,great price my first android phone ,easy to use ,lightweight and slim could have longer battery life and needs a case

really fast  processor, and lots of great features. I bought this for my son, but I would even enjoy this as my own phone as well.

BOUGHT THIS PHONE AFTER SEEING MY FRIENDS AND NOT SURE IF I LIKE THE SERVICE. THE PHONE ITSELF FREEZES, AND ALSO TURNS OFF BY ITSELF FOR NO APPARENT REASON. I AM NOT A HAPPY CAMPER!!!I DO LIKE THE FRONT AND REAR CAMERAS.

I thought I was getting something better, based on the numerous positive reviews. When I purchased this phone 2 months ago, I was replacing my old Samsung Transform. The phone is pretty, has a better camera, and has a more recent version of the Android software on board. The phone feels like a toy: The back is plastic, and it is very light and thin. This is great for those looking for that sort of thing, but I like durability as well, and this is just not the case here, so I bought a super-durable case for the thing. It runs programs very slowly. Load time was double that of my Transform. The camera is slow, has a really useless white balance function, and takes lousy pictures though it has over twice the megapixels the Transform had. After a couple weeks I started losing my cell reception. Often. At first the customer service (if you can actually figure out a way to get to a human) blamed it on the local cell tower. Once outside of the thirty day return policy time, however, they said it was my handset (phone). They had me do all the stupid things they normally tell you to do, take the battery out, look for updates, etc. No dice. Well, I've learned to deal with the unpredictability of service and then yesterday my camera stopped working altogether. It may seem trivial, but with children having a camera on the phone is important to me. Customer service referred me to the LG customer service which told me that they would take it for up to ten days, determine themselves whether the phone is defective, and either 1.ship it back at my expense, 2.try to fix it, or 3. send me another one of these. This would leave me phone-less the entire time, with no guarantee of anything fixed. Unacceptable. Anyway, long story short, avoid this phone if you can.

This is my first smartphone. I find it easier to use than my other cell phones. It was recommended to me by a sales person at a cellular phone kiosk As an ideal phone for a first phone.  I agree with him.

She ordered this phone and won't stop telling me all the cool things it does, she is soooooo happy with this purchase!!

I purchased this phone for my daughter and she loves the phone. Everything that a young adult wants to do with a phone, this phone can do it. No issues thus far.

good phone still working out operation but so far its doing great pic quality nice light phone easy to see viewscreen

The best phone I have bought so far. Hopefully it last longer than all rest. My last phone lasted 6 months then died.

It is what I expected and  more, I am happy with it and learning every day how to use it

Love it. Its more then what I expected it to be. I intent to use it for the next 2 years

battery life sucks bad enough to take away from whatever pros this phone has. Put in the extra bucks and go with a galaxy.

The phone is a great size, easy to set up and use. I am visually impaired and I love the fact that you can adjust the brightness and font size.

The phone looks very nice although is not very fast,and it does not stay charged longnice looking phone though

A month into it, I love this phone which I bought to replace a Samsung Transform Ultra which was giving me all kinds of problems.  Highly recommended.

This started off very good but over a period over like a few months the home button stop working all togther and the phone starting to never really hold a charge. I was done but then I dropped this phone and roded over it with my suv, when is saw that the phone was still working and only has a cracked screen I thought differently about it then... durable phone indeed....

My husband love his new phone and I do too. I actually have a IPhone 4 and if I could trade it for the LG Venice, I would! It is so much better, and I personally think it is the best phone I ever seen! The best of the features are...(the passcode to unlock the phone can either be numbers, draw the dots, or your actual face) (It has a swipe screen and can pretty much detect what you are about to do.) (the voicemail is not only a regular voicemail but it also write the message out and speaks it too you) (the camera has an amazing feature and is 5mp, the camera is so much better than the iphone, front and back)....just a few A+ you should know when buying this phone! Its really great, I would recommend this to everyone who has boost mobile. There are no downfalls about this phone and that's coming from someone with a Iphone and a person who is 20 years old. BUY IT!

Best phone Ive ever had! We love the heck out of our venice's ! Buy yours now! just an amazing smart phone!

I bought this phone about 2 months ago & I LOVE IT!! The call quality is great & the processor is surprisingly fast for a 3G phone. I previously owned the ZTE Warp Sequent, which was very slow. I also owned the Evo, byt it jept restarting itself a lot. Because I'm not a photographer, I'm satisfied with the 5MP camera.The only reason why I'm no giving it 5 stars is because the SD card dismounts from time to time. Aside from the Galaxy sSII, this is the best phone that Boost hadto offer.

Awesome phone for the price, much cheaper than the Galaxy S2 but has just about the same features. Doesn't really feel fragile compared to most phones.

Very satisfied with this phone,  good voice quality, decent camera,  would definitely recommend..4 stars..easy to use..never owned an LG phone, would buy another

bought this for my mom as a christmas gift. i don't recommend the boost mobile service, as far as prepaid phones go, the price is kind of high. but my mom loves the phone.

Sound quality on calls is horrible. Voices are garbled and difficult to understand.. Voices are not crisp and clear. Take good pictures, good battery life and everything else is ok, just hard to hear people talking on calls.

After a few months, the audio got worse and worse, now I can barely understand callers whether thru the handset or bluetooth. Oddly enough, Pandora sounds great on this phone. I expect that the phone can switch tasks quickly between viewing texts and taking calls - but the lag time is unbearably slow as the phone slowly sends out a text and won't allow me to make a call for a few seconds until it's done one process at a time. The phone style is nice and sleek w/ a sensitive screen. Battery life is average, and I tend to run Yahoo IM, Facebook and games day and night.

Loved the phone works great at a breast affordable price!! I would deffantly recoomend it have no issues with the phone.

I bought this for an upgrade from a sanyo innuendo and it is more then an upgrade it is a new direction more like a mini laptop then a phone.You can not go wrong with this product it works like lighting. I went to YouTube and other sources to see what it was like because to me it was a lot of money.I was very surprised at how fast it is everything worked right from the start and the pictures from the camera are really very nice I just am thrilled and very happy in fact my friend always grabs it when I go over to there house. she thinks it is very nice too.Get this phone you will be happy it is very nice.

Ok so i just recieved my LG Venice phone after recieve it a couple days late due to the post office delays anyways now that i finally have it, i love it the screen is so bright and clear i think its a GREAT PHONE for the price they offered. I gave it four stars because the only problem i seem to have with it is that it takes forever to charge and the battery waste to fast, im wondering if im the only one that has this problem???

every thing i read about this phone was right on.plusamazon had this phone on sale before chirstmass.great phone for the beginner inthis price range.

This is the second one of the LG VENICE I have purchased, very affordable android phone both my daughter and I like our phones

I've had numerous phones through Boost Mobile since the 1st Model that came out! Since then I've had many of them but eventually moved over and started with smartphones when the 1st Android Phone for Boost Mobile came out which was the Samsung Prevail which was a step up from any previous phones they had to offer! The LG Venice is better than most phones that are not pre-paid and that come with  Contract competitor service carriers! The 4.3&#34; inch capacative Touch-Screen is incredibly clear and vivid, especially when playing videos from YouTube and and sources! It has the lasted 4.0 Ice Cream Operating Platform that is super fast and has many different options available for customization and productivity! I get great reception and I'm told my voice is nice and loud and clear on the other end of the phone call, unlike my 2 previous Samsung Transform Ultra phones where others could barely hear my voice even when brand new! I was also lucky and got my LG Venice for a steal! Usually Priced from $229-$249, I bought mine on Amazon.com and only paid $155 right before Christmas! I have one more payment and I'll be down to $40 a month unlimited, which i would be paying more than double with contract carriers! So if you're looking into buying a Prepaid Phone from Boost Mobile for the first time, or you're a current and returning customer, I would definitely not pass this phone up! It has everything you need and more, I highly recommend this phone to anyone!!

May not be the most current phone but it sharp and competent. It does everything I need it to do plus for the current price. It is a steal.

I haven't used it yet. I have 2 other cell phones and can't afford to turn it on.  It's very light and thin, that is all I can say at this time.

The LG Venice is a good phone limited by the slow Boost Mobile 3G network because it is NOT a 4G LTE phone and it can not connect to the high speed Boost 4G LTE network.  As of May 2014, the Venice has been replaced in the Boost lineup by the MUCH better Motorola Moto G, which is a 3G phone with a sharper screen, faster processor, and the newest Android software.If your neighborhood is served by the Boost 4G LTE network, do NOT buy the 3G Venice, instead buy a Boost 4G LTE phone that has ten times faster data speeds.  If your neighborhood does not have 4G, buy the much newer, much better 3G Moto G, which is the best 3G phone in the Boost lineup.The Venice runs all my favorite apps, such as Pandora Radio (using 3g) and Netflix (using wi-fi). The Venice has a single core processor, so it is NOT the best phone for demanding 3D action games.The front speaker is adequate when you are making a phone call in a quiet room, but can be shrill at maximum volume. The rear speaker sounds good at moderate volume levels, but becomes harsh when turned up to a loud volume.Music sounds great through high quality headphones or when streaming to a good bluetooth speaker.The rear camera takes good (not great) photos and adequate quality videos in bright sunlight. On cloudy days and indoors photos sometimes have muddy colors, with poor contrast and will lack sharpness. Locking the camera at ISO 100 outdoors and at ISO 200 indoors improves photo quality.Battery life can be great. You can get up to 24 hours per charge when you are using the LG power control bar on the drop down notification screen to turn OFF 3g, wifi, bluetooth, and GPS until they are actually needed. I turn on wifi a few times a day to download Gmail and check the news and weather, then I turn wifi back off.The pull-down power bar lets you "click" the screen brightness to 100% for outdoors and back to 50% level indoors, which greatly increases battery life. If you are watching Netflix at night, a brightness setting of just 20% work well and extends battery life.Using GPS navigation with 3G will drain your battery in about three hours. Connect the Venice to a high quality car charger (such as the Motorola fast charger) if you use GPS for more than an hour or two a day.Cases and Batteries: The LG Venice uses the same cases and batteries as do its siblings, the LG L7, and LG Splendor.Best Cases: Search Amazon for "Black Perforated Hybrid Case" for the LG Venice and LG L7.For MAXIMUM drop protection, which requires a thick, bulky, heavy case, search for "Ballistic SG LG L7" case or "Ballistic SG LG Splendor case.BOOST MOBILE COVERAGE MAP: Before you buy any Boost Mobile phone, carefully study the coverage map at the Boost Mobile website. The map enables you to zoom in for a block by block view of signal strength, to see the quality of the Boost signal on the block where you live and work. There is ZERO Boost coverage in some states, and ZERO Boost coverage in most rural area. Check the coverage map carefully before you buy any Boost Mobile phone.

not blaming amazon  for this !!i am  having terrible time finding a good boost mobile phone this frezzes up on me all the time!!

I DONT HAVE NO OTHER PROBLEMS EXCEPT FOR THE FACT MY CAMERA DOSENT WORK ND THT WAS NOT ON THE PHONE DESCRIPTION ND I TOLD THE SELL BUT I HAVE gotten no responce

this is a good phone with android 4.1 but for some reason I wasn't ablet to activate it with boostmobile so I returned it.

I am very pleased with this phone and for price not a bad deal at all.  However, the phone has to be constantly charged, fortunately it charges back up pretty quickly.  I have absolutely nothing &#34;running&#34; my phone is on constant &#34;save energy&#34; mode, but the phone still loosing charge pretty quickly.  Surfing the internet has been a breeze, with an occasional drop here and there but nothing major.  Best of all as you continue to pay your bill on time (6 month increments) your monthly bill decreases......now that's a real bonus!!!

I've had this phone so far for about a month & I love it! Just what I was looking for. I defiantly recommend it!

This phone has a lot of features that I'm not used to, my teenagers had to help me figure out how to put music on it. So far I love the phone, I don't drop calls anymore and I can surf the web and text plus receive calls. I would recommend this phone to everyone.

I have had Boost Mobile for over 2 yrs.  I had a Samsung Seek (almost smartphone) which was great for phone calls..I have a 3 year old, I am a single unemployeed mom.  I really wanted a good camera, video camera and I needed a GPS.  For $149.00I got sooo much more.  It was very easy to activate and my shrinkage plane only went up $5. I kept my same # and for $40  bucks/mo. I can now send video messages to my family across the state. The camera does so much and is nice looking. The large screen is a dream. And reading my Nook books when ever or wherever I am.I am a late bloomer (40's) to the smartphone but I am really happy I finally made the switch.  Easy to use and Sprint is excellent for reception where I live in S. Cal.  I have never had a problem with Boost mobile.

boost mobile doesnt have towers in enough places and cannot connect to any 3G network and it sucks!!!!! but the phone is great just boost mobile suck

I like the camera and the big screen but the battery life stinks. Its fully charged in the morning 730am. By 3:00pm there is 15-18% battery life. All I have done is text a few times and made a couple phone calls lasting 5-10 mins in duration. The service is terrible inside buildings. My family gets mad at me for not answering texts. I have had boost for 3 years but its getting hard to stay with terrible service. even upgraded from a Rant which I liked thinking that would help but it has not. Trying to hang in there.

caught a virus

Phone was returned because it would not work with my network. I called their customer service and was told it would work with their network which is GSM. However upon receiving the phone the first thing I noticed on the packaging was the network was not compatible so I returned the phone immediately. I gave five stars because I didn't want anyone to not buy this phone because of my rating and giving it a rating less than five would not be fair to the phone.

I had a Samsung Transform Ultra that recently has been freezing up, randomly shutting off, among other problems. I originally wanted the Samsung S2 through boost, but balked at the price of it. Looked at the reviews for the Venice here as well as on Boost mobile and I was sold on it. I ordered the phone Monday(2/11/13) with the Super Saver shipping option and I received it today)2/14/13)!! Didn't expect to get this until next week.I haven't activated the phone yet, will do so tomorrow. I did connect it to the wifi in my house and it works great. Apps load quickly, games play smoothly with no lagging issues. The volume on this phone is nice and loud. Just about every other phone I have owned has had low volume issues. Not this one! The touch screen is nice and smooth. I love the screen size and the clarity of it.I really enjoy the Quick Memo feature. This allows you to take a screenshot of your phone, an option to add a handwritten note(using your finger on the touch screen) and then saves it in your gallery. This allows you to share the shot via text messaging, facebook and more.Definitely a must buy. Can't beat the low price. A much better deal than you can get directly from Boost. I'm glad I got this when I did as I see that it is out of stock now.Overall, in just the day I have had this phone, I am extremely please with it. I will update with more details once I get the phone activated.Update 2/16/13I activated the phone yesterday online which took less than 2 minutes. The clarity of phone calls is great, and the volume can get nice and loud when needed. Texting works great--nice and fast. The camera is pretty darn amazing--pics are taken just about instantly, no waiting like my other phone. I would definitely recommend this to someone who wants a great quality phone for a reasonable price.  The battery keeps its charge for a decent time--when using it yesterday, I had it fully charged by mid afternoon and it lasted all night, with it needing a charge by late morning, and that is with using different apps.If you plan on downloading a lot of apps, I would suggest upgrading to a larger memory card as the 2gb card in the phone can get filled up quite quick. I have a 16gb card installed now and should last quite awhile.

This phone is very slow.  Texting and clicking on things like viewing your photo galley take forever to show up on the screen.  Battery life is not great.  I have to charge mine atleast twice a day with moderate use.  It takes good pictures thats about the only good thing.

I bought this phone for my sister and she loves it. She is constantly on it. (So she does have to charge it a lot) but other than that she has no complaints!

he really loves it! he will be activating it today when he gets home from work! I think his favorite thing is he camera, or the &#34;face recognition unlock&#34;...so CIA ;)

Got this phone for my daughter its Lite weight, Fast delivery, Just got it today after ordering on Saturday 10/19/13. I give**5 STARS**The phone respond real fast, downloads, Google search, playing games, even tho its a few inches smaller on screen its big enough for her, This would make a good starter phone or a secondary phone. It also take nice pics front side and backNote I do not have service yet, I'm using my wifi to test the phone out, My daughter wants to wait close to her payday to start service. since they do not offer prorates.1 minor issue the installed screen protector was a lil off. but no big deal..Should any problems come up I will post

I love it my phone is fast have good quality video face camera and the picture have good quality too I recommend this phone

He loves it...say its like a personal computer...does more than he expected. Says he wouldn't choose any other...boost Mobil really stepping up the products

I was upgrading from the very first android phone Boost Mobile came out with, Samsung Galaxy Prevail. It was a great phone for a beginner android user and lasted me well over 3 years. So it was glitching on me and I decided it was time for a an upgrade. After viewing phones and getting so close to another Samsung I was eyeing, I missed the opportunity and ended up with the LG Venice. I read really nice reviews and felt that this phone would take me to the next level easily. So I have had this phone for the last month and it has been a smooth transition. Mind you it is not an IPhone, nor is it a Samsung Galaxy 2, but this phone is a nice, sleek contender.Great basics: its a pretty phone, slim with a wide screen, clear colors, ok pictures, fast internet browser, really, really good sound...now to things that matters most. Difficult to come from, especially from after using a smaller phone: battery life. The Battery Life is almost dismal. I had learned from my other android that turning off applications, and extras that you don&#8217;t immediately use is a must to keep the battery at a good level. Even with these practices on the LG, it doesn&#8217;t help as much as i thought it would. Granted it is not as bad as having to charge it twice a day or every hour, but I'm used to even if i don&#8217;t charge my phone overnight, it wont die over night. But with this phone if i don&#8217;t charge it overnight it WILL die overnight, I mean DEAD by the morning. I have always lived by the quick task manager and optimize the manager often, i also live by the quick settings it provides to turn off and on my GPS, Wifi, even brightness, and this gives an easy access to the power saver. Which by the way, to give a HINT, use the power saver, it really does work especially when you are down to the last 30% of battery life, it gives you time to get your phone to a power source! So, lesson... Use task manager widget, quick settings tool bar to turn off Wifi and GPS and stuff, and power saver is the bomb also....Charge phone every night, overnight and invest in a car charger, if you want to use GPS (especially in a bigger city)!Other misc. issues: the alarm sounds for the alarm, which i use to wake up in the morning, are not loud enough. Really??... Cello, voice of nature, good morning...names for the sound that jumps you out of bed?? NO, more like keep you in bed LOL. One cool thing about the alarm though, is that you can do a puzzle lock to turn off the alarm, bad thing is I work the puzzle right through sleep, no help! LOLOther issue: I found this out later, but if someone sends me a mass text, you know the ones where you send one text to many phone numbers, I cannot read it in whole when i open the text message feed. I have to catch a glimpse when it does the preview on the preview header above the task bar. A pain, but not a big issue overall.SO... In Conclusion, I know it is a long read, but hopefully worth it, especially if you are going to dish out over 100 on the phone. There may be other smaller issues I have not yet found on this phone, yet, but over all there was not much to go over. I was thrilled when i got this phone and still am happy I picked this phone. Hopefully by heeding my guidelines on the battery issue, you wont be too mad about the issue also i hear there are apps for this issue and if you don&#8217;t find what i do helpful, maybe these apps will help you.Well, I wish you luck on your next phone purchase and i hope i helped you lead to your next dream phone, or deterred you from something you may not be happy with. I know Im pretty happy with what i got!-Happy Shopping!!!

I like being able to check my e- mail when i'm not home, and even playing a game or two. But some times it won't conect with the net, i've only had my phone a month so maybe iI just need to learn more about it, Other than that it's a really cool phone!

This is a really cool phone. the screen is huge, my son says it so fast and the apps are amazing. He can't wait to show it off

I love this phone. I researched and comparison shopped before buying. It is light, thin, user-friendly, and does everything I ask of it. The camera is excellent. To demonstrate my fondness, I have bought a second one as a gift for someone who loved mine, and will buy another in the first part of June as a birthday gift. I have no problem with battery life or image resolution.I am used to charging my phone every night, and that works well with this one. I remain fond of Boost and the six-month reduction in rates. I like having that type of control over my account. I can't imagine why anyone would want a more costly phone. This has everything and looks good!

i love this phone. since i brought it hasn't give me problem, i would just say its way better than the boost ZTE i had before.

I was with a well known carrier or should I say we were. I advised that what we were paying was not worth the deals they give you on their phones. I dropped out and had a Samsung , but Boost sent several people that I know that we wouldn't be getting 3 Gs during certain time periods. I wasn't very happy but it's still the best deal I could find for the coverage I needed. I still can't use to all the things this phone can do. I ride and need to know where I'm at and how far away from gas I am. This phone does that and more. I'm very pleased and going a few states over and going without getting lost or running out of fuel.

This is my first boost phone and i love it the screen is large but not to large i can watch netflix and hulu its so slim it can fit in any of my skinny jean pockets i Love it so much i brought my boyfriend one

I just revived it a couple of minuets ago I'm so excited the shipping was super fast I ordered it on the 9th and today is the 11th !! like wow ! and it's the perfect size is clean and sharp brand new I love it so far Thank you amazon :)

I bought this for my teenage daughter. So far all her feedback is positive. She absolutely loves this phone. I would give it a 5 but hey nothing is ever perfect. LOL

I guess the problem for me is expecting this phone to be more than it is. My biggest complaint: battery life. I don't run WiFi and I ALWAYS close out programs I'm not using. (Task Manager is probably what I use more than anything else with this phone.) The battery life is absurdly bad, as in very few hours even when you're not using it and just have it on with no apps running.Next complaint is the speed and the clarity of calls. The phone is clunky in doing even the most simple things, including typing. The delayed response is as irritating as when you use slow internet when you're used to pages loading immediately. You can't run too many apps at once (which I wouldn't suggest anyway and don't on faster devices), and you can't run some others at all while in a call. YouTube has been pretty much useless for me, as I can search for vids but can't watch them (They just load forever). The calls are ALWAYS unclear and sometimes drop outright, but thats more a service issue for my area, I assume.This phone is great if you're new to smartphones, but not if you're used to higher quality ones. My pluses for this phone are the screen size and clarity and experiencing Android for the first time. Despite the phone's limitations, I do like the Android features, which makes me think I'd have a better experience with a better phone. Another plus is price. This phone was a good price and fulfilled an immediate need for an affordable smart phone (as my former one is a Japan-only iPhone and I don't jailbreak).So, if you want an affordable smart phone period and will mostly use it to call, the Venice may be for you, but I might suggest turning it off when not in use, as I've found the battery drains entirely too fast even while doing "nothing."

I've been with Boost for over 2 yrs now. I bought the LG Venice to replace my Samsung Replenish. I wanted more memory, a larger screen and a faster processor. The LG Venice fit all of those needs. So far I've been very pleased with my purchase. Reception has been better than my Replenish as well, this was a welcome surprise.  This has been, so far, a solid phone.  The fact that it was reasonably priced makes it all the more attractive.There have been some negative reviews written about the Venice, but those may just be that those were lemons in particular.  I am very satisfied and pleased with my purchase and with Boost service.

If you are looking for a reliable phone, this is the phone. The phone respond very fast and the battery life is better than the Samsung galaxy S2.

I had the samsung prevail and it is junk next to this one.  It is 5 times better in every way. Fast, even without wifi it is much much faster than the prevail. i was going to get the warp sequent, but after reading reviews i am glad i got this one.  I am sooo glad they have this phone on prepay...love it....

Short story: started using it in June (6 months ago). Worked fine for the first month, then started slowing down. Uninstalled apps I installed to speed it up- no difference. Factory reset- no difference. No dropping and/or damage on my part. Good starter phone for those new to Android.Tech-savvy, beware.Pros:*Inexpensive*Good graphics/display*Slim*&#34;Decent&#34; photo capturing (nice for a low-quality phone like this, a joke compared to iphone,  galaxy s 2+ phones)*Decent battery life (the slowness of the phone had me using it less, making the battery last longer)*Big screen for a basic phoneCons:*Super slow after minimal use*Constant freezing when opening apps (EVERY app- messaging, phone calls, photo gallery ESPECIALLY youtube, email, etc.)*Freezing when trying to hang up phone (screen stays black until other person hangs up)*Access to battery and SIM card- The flimsy back cover must be RIPPED off to gain access to the battery. I wish I was over-exaggerating, but I'm not. I have to stick my nail in the back (yeah, my nail broke a couple times) and pull it off, almost to the point of feeling you will break it.*To pattern unlock, it has a major delay which then causes the phone to think you did the wrong pattern.* Using the on-screen keyboard is a JOKE!!! When upright, delay is bearable, but only for someone who has absolutely no smartphone experience. I never, ever use the horizontal keyboard- it is so incredibly slow that a slow texter like myself is annoyed by it. I'd rather sign into gmail on a computer and type up a SMS message and send it that way. The delay starts at the very first word, and it is so delayed that the phone says you typed in words incorrectly (or skipped spaces, letters). The auto-correct function is useless due to this delay.*After 5th use of speech-to-text, it completely stopped working.****Could be seen as a pro or con, depending on what you want: very basic, light weight (I prefer something that doesn't feel like a toy)Bottom line: I wouldn't recommend this phone, except maybe a child. My grandmother who just switched to a &#34;flat phone&#34; (this is what she calls smartphones) said this piece of junk is slow. I've had this darn thing for 6 months and I am about ready to trash it!!! Never again will I buy an LG electronic device!*If this is any help, I'm a 25 year old in college/mom/works part-time. I needed this phone for calls, texting, emailing, and basic photo capturing. I didn't care about downloading apps or anything fancy, but after 6 months, I can barely do the basic functions I need. Just bought my Husband the Galaxy S3, so I will be switching to his almost 2 year old Samsung Transform Ultra.

I love this phone. It really is a great device. It works as it should 98% of the time. I think it has frozen up on me two times in the past three months of having it and I use the heck out of my phones. It's lightweight and sleek looking. I love the size of it too. It's got plenty screen resolution and brightness. This phone is great for the price and I would say it's definitely worth giving it a try.

I love this phone wouldn't change it for the world i can't get enough of it love the space and the processor and i would recommend to friends and family.

I love everything about this phone. I actually made my sister buy one too, she loves it also! Why pay hundreds when you can have it all plus some in this phone!

I order this phone b/c I lost my previews phone! I love it, it was cheaper then the first one I bough in the store!

was not what I expected, did not know that boost is a company whose mobile phones do not work outside the United States when I opened the box to find the chip slot, after reading the handbook tlf was that I noticed. I would like to know that I can do to recover some aunq is money spent. should put that detail that does not work out of that country in the specifications to avoid these drawbacks!

This is my first smartphone. I had a old fashion flip phone that everybody tease me about so I decided to upgrade. I like the square look of the phone vs the rounder edges. I read all the reviews and people said this phone was so good. Well I believe they are all made up by people who get paid to do positive product reviews! The sounds quality is terrible, half the time they can't hear me and I'm yelling or I can't hear them because it makes people sound like robots. Everybody sounds like a computer generated person, it's terrible. When I am trying to call the bank to check my balance for example, The light will not stay on. I am trying to put the account number in and the screen goes completely black after number. And I have to start all over cause the bank systems is saying sorry I can't recognize the account. because I cant get the number pushed fast enough. I could go on and on but I won't. Trust me don't buy this junk phone

This is a very good smartphone with only a couple things holding it back from great. For the positives it does run Ice Cream Sandwich and is very light for a cell phone it's size. My biggest gripe with it is the processor. It seems to run relatively slow and actually lags when you are sending text messages. If you are texting someone while receiving at text, you will have a 1 to 2 second freeze while you are typing, very frustrating when trying to have a conversation. Don't let that deter you as this is the 3rd smartphone I have had and is by far the best. If you can live with it's little inconveniences, it can be a great phone at good price.

the features and price of this phone are unbeatable. but the phone itself is glitchy and takes a while to respond when navigating through various apps. it does everything i need it to do, -so it's a love hate thang lol

a good price for nothing battery life is the worst I've had, wifi comes on by it self,phone get hot while you're  talking on it.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.IF you do buy mine LOL.

I bought this phone trying to upgrade from a Samsung Galaxy Prevail.My mistake.This phone lags big time.Ill hit the phone widget,and itll take 4-5 seconds before the phone screen appears,the switching betweentabs on that screen takes an additional 2-4seconds.It also seems to have a hard time bringing up apps when I an app widget.The home screen scrolls fine 75% of the time,but lags/delays and freezes when using in app screens.It drops calls,factory installed apps open on their own,the headphone jack brings up the phone screen when plugging in headphones,itll only download email attachments 60% of the time,sometimes when screen is rotated it locks in sideway view,the proximity sensor blackens the screen at random times,the camera lags/freezes and switches on its own.Its a pain to work with.Itsa lot slower and has more problems than myprevious phone,which was 3 years older.I dont recommend this phone to anyone despite the price.I will say its a nice looking phone though.

Nice phone.  Takes great pictures.  Unfortunately bumped up our boost plan five dollars a month.  The wife likes it a lot.

I purchased the LG Venice about a month ago.  When the phone arrived I was pleased with the way it looked; it was thin and light weight.  However, I have had the phone for only a month.  I do not use the phone for movies or gaming.  I check facebook, text and make calls, still the phone freezes up A LOT, the screen will go blank when I click on an icon such a &#34;contacts&#34;, then I will have to back out and try again.  Overall, it is an OK phone, but no better than the ZTE that I had for two years.  The LG Venice is working to the capacity of my old phone that I had for years and began to act up.  I worry that since I'm already having issues that I will be purchasing another phone soon due to the issues I am having.

I really love this phone. The only thing I would change is that you can only charge it when its off which I've learned to deal with. Other than that is fast, doesn't freeze like some of the reviews say, and just a good phone that I don't plan on switching anytime soon.

This phone is the best. Everything about it is great! Love how big the screen is and how crisp the pictures are.

great phone for the price  i dont think its worth the 180 list price but for 80 bucks its great.. excellent camera also

Awesome! :) I really like the phone and it was in perfect condition when I received it. I had no problem with it.

fabulous phone love it bought two and will buy another one real soon for mom its fast and reliable for everything I need to do

This is a very good phone for texting , calling, and anything except skype!! my phone wont let me do that, but other than that good phone for anything else you need!! i love it

I like the phone in all respects, except...the phone volume isn't the best and the reception can be sketchy from time to time. It's the right size for my taste, it takes GREAT pictures, it connects quickly. Fix that volume problem, and you have a 5-star phone, in my opinion.

The phone itself is great and a handy size.  Two minor issues:  the battery wears down very quickly, and it keeps changing its mind about offering auto-fill in messaging.

This phone us really nice. It has all the features I was looking for. Great speed and useful apps. Easy set up.

The LG Venice is my second android phone replacing the Transform Ultra. The Venice looks great, no one will think it is a relatively cheap prepaid phone. The new ICS (4) version of Android is a huge upgrade from Gingerbread (2.3). The large and bright screen and fairly good battery life are the Venice's the big selling points.That's not to say the hardware isn't without flaws. The lack of a camera button is odd and annoying. There's also no text/charge LED...but on the nice side there's isn't a red glow in your eyes when charging at night. There doesn't appear to be a light sensor for auto screen brightness either. The back cover is textured but too slick - definitely hard to hold without a case. These are the items which remind you it is kinda cheap.The software (both android 4.0 and LG's additions) are very nice surprises. Usability is quite good and LG added some very useful tools like backup, power saver (automatically cuts power hungry components below a set threshold), and quiet time (disables sound/vibration by time schedule). The input method's are LG's version of a swype keyboard and surprisingly good speech recognition.The software also has some bugs - speech recognition in the email app doubles up everything. The email app ignores the screen brightness setting. Hopefully these will be fixed in future releases.

this is a great phone it does a lot the canera takes awesome pics the phone is just a beauty

Posting this from my phone now,glad I bought it.  Plan on getting my daughter one as well.  LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!

This phone is wonderful I can talk my text instead of texting,especially when I'm at work,because we cannot use our phones greatttttttttt.

I've had it for nearly 3 months now and couldn't be happier.3G is plenty fast for me.Battery life is very good, and actually seems to improve with age/usage.So far I've been able to get reception everywhere I have been.No problems with Boost Mobile, and in 3 more months my monthly charge will be $50, going down to $40 after 1.5 years.

This is a great phone. Has a fast cpu, battery is okay, and the screen size is a really good size.

Not what i thought dont really work good wasnt worth $56.00 better off gettin a used  phone of Craig's list

IT'S NICE, MORE THAN WHAT I EXPECTED.  I LOVE IT. I WOULD RECOMMEND IT 2 FAMILY, FREINDS, CO-WORKERS. ITS GREAT.THANK U

Sorry, but tit has not met my expectations. In the past I have been very happy LG and the quality, but this phone fails the test.The biggest issue is the keyboard. When trying to type the keys are terrible. You have to double type and sometimes is still doesn't work. Multiple wrong key impression, very time consuming and frustrating typing or making a phone call when you are pressing certain keys and the keys you are pressing doesn't respond to that particular key. LG in the past has been very good, but not this time with this product

The performance has been great with no lagtime for me and I'm very happy with that. Super great value for the money along with the unlimited plan on Boost. Don't like how lightweight and flimsy the phone feels but a good cover gives it a nice weight. I have two, one for use as a phone with cell service and the other primarily for games and watching videos on wifi.

After going through several phones. This phone is everything I expected it to be. I have had it for about a month. The battery life is great compared to many others I have had. It takes good pictures. The size is a little longer than I wanted but for the price, it's a real bargain. LG, this is one of the best.

Didn't get the lg venice from Amazon. I bought it at best buy for boost mobile and i love it. Took a little bit to get used to the big screen and how rectangular the phone is but is perfect for watching videos. The camera is another thing about this phone that i love 5.0mp that takes amazing pictures even while driving in the car and there's no couple second delay before the picture is taken. All in all this is a great phone and im happy i got it. Better than spending a fortune on an iphone lol

worst battery life ever, do not buy this phone.  I went through 3 thinking it was a dud battery, no just a bad phone.

Five Stars. I love this phone, this is my own personal phone. I have games, internet, Skype, My personal email alert.Thank you.

This phone is slim, slick and easy to use. I've had no issues the the touch screen feature which is always the first thing that starts going bad with previous cell phones I've had.  Overall is a good phone for the money, I personally prefer android to i phone.

THIS WAS MY FIRST ANDROID PHONE. AND MY FIRST SCROLL/ SLIDE SCREEN. I AM VERY UNHAPPY WITH THIS PHONE. IT DID NOT HAVE INTERNET CONNECTION IN MOST PLACES---- THAT IN ITS SELF IS A WASTE OF MONEY BECAUSE YOU PAY FOR IT IN THE PREPAID CARD. IT HAS NO HOME SCREEN SO I HAD TO BACK OUT OF EVERYTHING I WAS IN TO GO TO THE HOME PAGE TO DO ANYTHING EVEN MAKE A CALL. IT FREEZES UP ALL THE TIME. I WAS HAPPIER WITH THE TRADITIONAL ONES COMPARED TO THIS ONE. MY KINDLE FIRE HD IS A BLESSING SINCE THIS PHONE DOESN'T DO WHAT IT SHOULD......YOU LIVE AND LEARN. I SEE WHY PPL BUY THE MORE EXPENSIVE PHONES NOW.

Yes Lawdy this phone is indeed the best. I've found myself in love with it. It is great once you learn your phone then everything will run smoothly for you. Its a must get!!

Nice upgrade from Samsung Prevail. Larger screen a real plus, sharp. Speedy processor and more memory. Will add 4 more words.

It works perfect, hasn't given me any problems and it was sent quicker than i thought it would be sent.

It takes a long time to charge and to load apps. I am not as happy as I thought I would be.

I like this phone, I can get on the internet, text, look at my email. I really love this phone, i just purchased a Bluetooth. Have no problem with this phone.

when i first saw the price i touht it was used or refur. but it was brand new in the box and on time delivery way cheaper then boost store so for that reason i give it a 5 star

Enjoying my new phone, sometimes a bit slow and low service in my area, but this has happened with other service plans as well, its not the phone, also battery life isn't that greatest, but not terrible, also takes some time to recharge. All around good for the price, but I haven't been using it for long so we will see what the future holds for my Venice, but I'll say its a million times better than my blackberry bold :-)

I love this phone. I have one just like it but it wasn't working correctly because I dropped it :(. this time I got a case. This phone showed a day early which made me very happy! Thank you. I would recommend this phone to anyone, it's easy to use and has so much memory if you like taking pictures like I do of my kids.

My son said it is wonderful. He have no complaints. It does everything he want it to do  for a phone.

THIS PHONE IS THE BOMB! it is fast, lightweight and big screen is nice. the only thing i didnt like is not notificstion light, but besides that it is well worth its money!

A very nice phone actually better than described, it works great, timely delivery, the phone had to be reset through Boost before it could be activated. A great deal for the price.

I love this phone! Out of all the smart phones that I've had this one is the fastest, biggest, and has so much interesting things. In love with it!!!!

Is the best phone I ever had its gets signal everywhere I go and the internet is great. I love it

I bought this for my son and he loves it. There a some very nice features on this phone; such as panoramic picture taking. The signal we get in our are on this phone is as good or better than the other Boost phones we have.

Looks nice has some good features but it ends there. I've had this phone for about 7 months and i initially liked it however, it is a power hog and even when idle it chews through the battery in hours so in other words it must be plugged in more than any phone i've ever owned. It can have a full charge and left overnight ,unused and it will be dead in the morning. This is one phone to stay away from not just the power issue but many other as well I just don't have the time to waste on this POS phone to describe them all.

I love the clarity of the screen and playing on apps looks real good too! i think this phone was made for apps but not for communication i love the phone however i can never really hear people as well when talking to them on this phone compared to my old cell but it is just right for me!

I feel that i chooose the best cell phone for my needs, great picture and video capturing very handy and nice looking.

The phone has great battery life, better than I expected, the phone is pretty big, bigger than I'd like. For those who like watching movies and playing games this phones is great.

So I bought this phone after doing massive research on it, and I had really high hopes for it, IT DID NOT DISAPPOINT! The scrolling is fast the apps load fast and when it comes to gaming that's fast too. The huge screen makes it perfect for playing games and looking at things on amazon.UPDATE: Do not love this phone... I have had it for 10 months now and I can not stand it. It constantly freezes to the point where the battery needs to be removed. It is slower than molasses on a winter day, no matter what command given. I don't get text messages right away (3 hours later) and half the time, it doesn't ring. All it does is notify me that I have a new voice mail. And the ringer on it, it sounds like the speaker is giving out so it is all crackling. If I could give this a negative star rating... I would.

I've had this phone about six months and what can I say? It's not super impressive, the plastic it's made out of makes this phone look super cheap (easily fixed with a cover), sometimes there's not enough ram for me to play solitaire and get a text message without it freezing up, internet loads fairly well, color is impressive though you have to adjust it (so I got spoiled with my auto adjust on my tablet and previous phone)...It's a cheap smart phone, and I love boost mobile, but if I had to do it over again I'd order the htc.

Except for being an &#34;old guy&#34; I probably would rate this a 5 star but I still have to get used to the touch screen and operation of the contraption.  Sometimes, when I answer the phone, it will rub against my ear and strange things can happen.... from hanging up to opening 2 or 3 apps while I'm trying to speak.  Then there's the issues with how to download new apps and having to have a &#34;new&#34; account all the time, etc.  Used to be simpler - just go online and download what you want - now its as if Big Daddy is watching over everything we do!  But that is not the phones fault... good phone, fairly easy to use, for it's price VS the I-Befuddle device, good deal.

I really enjoy this phone. I actually lost my  previous Venice phone. And I really had to buy another phone. There was many options but I chose to pay this phone again. I love that its thin and big at the same time.

PLEASE SEE NOTE AT END.After lots of reading and asking lots of questions, this behind the times Potato Head bought his first smart phone, a phone now encased in a pink flowery case and used almost exclusively by Mrs.Spudman the queen of the technophobes.In the box there was no owner's manual, so I found one on the web, downloaded it, and printed it. Using the manual Mrs.Spudman figured out how to configure her phone, add and delete numbers, used the camera, text, add aps, and do all those things that others mostly take for granted.The clarity of the screen is terrific with crisp text and graphics. Photos taken with the phone are not state of the art, but are certainly good enough to send via email and post on Facebook.One important feature for us is the speaker phone because Mrs. Spudman hates to hold the phone to her ear during those marathon phone conversations of hers. The sound coming from the phone's speaker is good, what one might expect from a cell phone's tiny speaker. Using bluetooth we sometimes use the phone with a wireless speaker for better quality sound. On a side note, the external speaker on our daughter's iphone is not better than that on the LG Venice.On a ten hour drive to Georgia we used GPS for the first time ever. Again the non techie Mrs. Spudman figured out how to set up and use the GPS which verbalizes directions with a pleasant female voice. The GPS is up to date and uses a Tom Tom system. The GPS feature is wonderful and got us to Georgia and back and helped us navigate around Augusta confidently. We had one hiccup on the way back home driving through DC. Not sure where th fault lay but we missed a turn and got lost on the city streets. Thanks goodness the GPS rerouted us and we were soon back on course. Can't imagine what we'd have done without the help of the GPS.We did notice that the battery lost power quickly on the trip until we plugged it into a power source in our car.  On our last night in Augusta Mrs. Spudman didn't charge the phone, so we had only 14% battery power for our drive. We kept the phone plugged in on the drive and by the time we reached our next destination, the battery power was almost up to 90%. We used  the "Motorola Vehicle Power Adapter micro-USB Rapid Rate Charger" bought from Amazon. It's also a great product.Bottom line -  On the ten hour drive to Georgia we never lost our signal once. Boost has also been great, especially the diminishing monthly cost as long as one makes regular monthly payments on time. I like the phone so much that I WAS going to buy another one for myself.The internal memory on this phone has maxed out limiting what can be done on it. Also we got a message from Boost saying we'd maxed out our data usage. Mrs. Spudman spent an hour at Radio Shack with a helpful guy who got the phone to at least function better than a paper weight by deleting and moving stuff to the SD card.  He said the memory full problem is something he's been seeing with this model phone.UPDATE - Removing email has helped a lot with the memory glitch.

you need to recharge the brand new phone and battery every 20 hours with hardly any use.  Love the phone, but hated the lack of charged battery!!!

It's okay for CDMA phone, but the RAM is  too small, just only 512mb. The interface is kul. If I use Sprint or Verion, I'll choose this phone.

Delivered on time and big screen is clear and beautiful. It contains a few added features like memo and voice taking pictures. I love it

I ordered this phone to replace my LG Marquee I ordered last year & I'm very happy. I love the screen & how nice it looks. Very pleased with this phone.

IT JUST SUCKS, does not hold a charge and drops alot of calls.

I actually got this phone for a decent price instead of paying 600 like some carriers like to charge. I haven't had any issues with this phone yet and it even has better service in areas that my old phone would have none.

I'm still observing this phone, I've had it for about a month now, at first the battery life was horrible, did not last for 6 hours, the screen went blank twice on me (I still don't know why) I had to turn it off then on again for the screen to come on. All the features works for me, I am not a big technology person so, I guess I'm still observing.

This phone is really good phone. Fast. Picture is soon nice on this phone. love it an the cases for it is very nice too realty takes the abuse on the job. Holds all my music too.

I just love my new phone or as I put it my new toy. I got the phone shipped to me right on time. So far it works great. Now my mom wants this same phone. she is so in love with my phone. The price is just right. I don't believe in paying too much for cell phones.

This is my fifth or sixth phone I've owned and the second with Boost and it's the best phone ever.The screen size is almost twice as big as the blackberry curve. It's light weight and the best thing so far is I took pictures of the christmas decorations to show my family and every little detail showed on the picture.

This phone is awesome when I gave this phone to my daughter she hasnt put it dowb since. I'll admit i played with it & it has better features then my HTC

excellent phone to have a must have item family and friends tell everyone about this phone good price nothing bad I can say

This was a good buy,And worth the amount that is ask. The only small problems I have is The screen is ultra sinsitive. So be light when touching a function. Also Sometimes it may freeze a little but nothing major. Its a great phone.

good phone for the money a  little slow since the last update though. other than that no problems with it

I Chose 5 Starsz Because i Absolutely LOVE My Phone!!!!!!! It Meet All My Expectations im Still Discovering New Things on It

I am sooo happy with my LG Venice. Great performance, beautiful large screen. Highly recommend this phone.  Very user friendly too.

I chose this rating because it is a great product and is working way better than I would have thought.

The phone was broken and never charged up at all...don't waste your money or time.Unless you like being treat badly

This is a wonderful phone for the price you can't go wrong with it,but do urself a favor shop around you might find a cheaper deal hint hint,Boost Mobile has came along way...for full features check out there site.

Customer service sucked. Product user guide was too small, had to DL it so as to figure out how to change settings till which time struggled with the phone a lot. CS was no help at all.

This phone is terrible. It freezes, lags, texting is a nightmare as its keyboard and autocorrect is nonresponsive, I do not receive calls or texts on time (while my friend who has boost and a different phone does not have this issue), and I would only give this phone to someone I hated.So if you hate yourself or you hate the person you are giving this to, then go for it.

nice phone very easy to operate  buy it you will like it for the price very nice size comfort to hold
