
We are retired and have an I-Phone which works for us while at home. But times when we are away we are doing separate things which means to stay in touch we need a second phone.  This one fits the bill.  And with triple the minutes that roll over, we will never need any ;more service than this Trac Phone provides.

The phone has just about all functions you can get for the moneyexcept for voice commands with comes with a $25.00 phoneBut you do get a big enough screen and seems to work betterthan I phoneBlue tooth is universal and works perfectly  with all devices (so Far)even with my computer (with a little help fro me)Well worth the price.

This was an unfortunate and disappointing experience for ONE AND HALF WEEKS.I had to make multiple phone calls and spent hours to get the technical help to get this product to function.The Instruction booklet is inadequate for the first time user.The tech help did not have the instructions for this phone to help me.One tech person even transferred me to a dead line that hung up on me.I made two 30 second test calls to my home phone and 30 minutes were deducted!!!!I have not used the phone since.Battery life is suspect.Amazon investigated Tracfone and made them honor their return policy.I decided to keep the phone for emergency calls only.Fool me once shame on me.

Not sure what this item is like.  Bought this for someone else for a Christmas.  Hopefully the receiver will be happy with this item.

Got the phone for a month and it does basic stuff.if you just want to use it for calling it works fine.Just dont expect an i phone kind of service.Keep it simple.

I purchased this cell phone for my two young sons (8 & 10) so they could talk, text, email each other. The only concern is that the minutes run out fast.

I got this LG to replace my Samsung S390G that was a total failure of a phone; (read my review of the Samsung here: [...]).The Samsung kept dialing random numbers (including 911) while it was LOCKED and in my pocket, and I couldn't use its WiFi feature because it failed to connect to ANY WiFi Networks. However, none of those problems have been had with this phone (so far).I received my phone yesterday and couldn't wait to post a review due to how much better a phone it is. First of all, since it's a touch screen and requires the user to swipe up to unlock the screen, it's nearly impossible for the phone to unlock and for the "buttons" to be pressed while it's in my pocket. Second, the phone connected to my WiFi Network without any problems. Like the Samsung, this phone features Tracfone's Triple Minutes for Life and is a great value when purchased with the 1200 minute deal.The touch screen is very responsive and the menu layout is smooth and simple. I like the software on this phone better than any previous Tracfone, for it offers simplicity plus some added little features that provide a better user experience. However, the reason I took away 1-star was due to the fact that the menu screens cannot be customized with different colors/backgrounds (as they could on the Samsung), and the phone doesn't allow for a Password Lock feature for when the phone wakes up. The password lock CAN be turned on manually or set to turn on when the phone has been restarted/rebooted, but I'd have liked to have been able to password lock the phone every time it wakes up. But, those are just little issues that, in no way, should deter anyone from getting this phone. The phone offers the low-cost phone service of Tracfone on an easy-to-use, touch screen device that does most of what a phone owner would need. It's a great value and I recommend it to everyone who A) Wants to Save Money B) Wants a Simple and Easy-to-Use Phone C) Doesn't want to be bothered by contracts and so on...Note: I'll update this review as soon as anything changes or any issues/concerns pop up with this phone.

Still getting used top phone, but it functions as it should and is more serviceable than prior phone in terms of reception

This was a great deal for a great phone. It came very quickly 9which was good since my last phone died). I would recommend this to anyone, especially those already familiar with Tracphones

This phone is alright for out going calls and texting but doesn't deliver on ring tone volume. I have it turned up full blast and can barely hear it ring. I'm still trying to figure it all out but I guess I'll have to use the viberate function.But I do love the WiFi and triple minutes. Was easy to have tracphone help transfure my stuff from one number to the next.EDIT AUGUST 7,2013These phones are a joke, Every since I got it, there has been nothing but issues with it. I upgraded to this phone for triple minutes and because I thought there was something wrong with my other phone.IT'S NOT ONLY THE PHONES, IT"S TRACFONE IT'S SELF....I noticed that with my other tracfone, suddenly it was double charging and triple charging me for texts. And these were one word texts or even one sentence, not five pages. When I called, they said I was being charged correctly. My charges..When I would accept the text, it would charge me. When I would open the text, again a charge. Correct me if I am wrong but wouldn't accepting the text onto my phone be the only charge?Sending texts, again, when I hit enter, it would charge me and when it would fully send, again a charge.thinSo me, thinking the phone was out of date, went to a newer phone.I noticed last week, the phone was charging me six and seven minutes for a picture. After recieving a text from my husband on my kindle, asking why I sent a video to him, it was then I called tracfone.Bad bad bad customer service... even the supervisor was rude.I was on my landline with them for over an hour and forty five minutes. When I started troubleshooting with this CSR, I had over 200 minutes on my phone. She had me sending numerous pictures (that continued to show up as video) to my phone. She didn't stop after the first, even after I calmly explained it was still showing as video.... six messages later on my phone for a total of well over 40 minutes extracted from my account, she then told me it was the phone and they would send me a replacement. The first question I asked her was..will this current phone remain active until the other arrives? I explained with my health issues, I can  not be without a cell phone. (We don't have cordless phones in our house so if I am outside, I need a phone) She said YES it would remain active and then she started trying to talk me through shutting off my phone to activate the one they were going to send me.I then asked to talk to the supervisor and was very rudely troubleshoot again (Again another 20 minutes from my phone)(after explaining what we had done)when he got on the phone 20 minutes after being on hold. I was then told that I had to shut off my current tracfone so that the minutes would match up on the new one.Excuse me? Um, no. When I called to activate the new one, they just transfured all minutes to the new one from the old one. He told me that unless I shut off the phone in my possession, they wouldn't send me a new one and that it was my phone that was messed up sending video for pictures. When I refused to shut off the current phone, he told me "Well you won't get your new phone until you do".....I'm so over it. In a nut shell, keep a close eye on your time when sending pictures or text..tracfone is a rip off. This phone is a rip off. For those who are having no issues, great... I'll never purchase another tracfone again.Oh and for the hour (sixty minutes) they used up to troubleshoot my phone, I only recieved 30 minutes in return.

Buyer beware! Just because your previous Tracfone has service, this one may not. We were told that "different phones have different carriers." I will not be using Tracfone again.

We bought two of these phones, black for DH and white for me, and we love them.  Large, easy to read touch screen and all the features we could want, including camera, bluetooth, microSD card.  Great value with the triple minutes.  I use mine for business, so I bought 4500 minutes for one year for only $200 to  replace cell phone service costing $58 per month.  What a savings!

I bought this phone because I've had Tracfones before and as far as cell phones go tracfone would be the best deal for me. I only make one or two calls a month. I can get a 60 minute card every three months an so it only cost me about $7.- $8 dollars a month to have a phone. all the others it might cost $30. or $40. a month or more. % or six years ago I had a Tracfone and it was about the same deal, I thought I'd go ahead an get a year of service so I wouldn't have to do it every 60 days. It cost a the same but I only had to do it once a year. Well one day I turned on my phone and I didn't have any service time and I lost 1300minutes that had been rolling over for a long time. I called and after they cut me off a few times and I kept calling back,, after talking for 5 hours they said for me to call back in two weeks and they'll have it all figgured out. So I did and I had to go through the same thing again. then they finely said they think I used all my minutes. They made me so mad I took a hammer and smashed my phone. I said I'll never get another Tracfone. I thought after all these years they might have got better.So I have another old tracfone, Maybe I'll just reactivate it and just get 60 minutes at a time so I did. Well I tried to make the test call after activating it and it didn't work. So I called them and after 3 hours they couldnt fix it and before I smashed the phone I just hung up. A few days later I was looking at phones on Amazon an saw this phone LG840G for $27. and I have Prime to I thought Ok I'll get one and transfer the 60 minutes I had to get so I could reactiveatethat old one.Well, It's to late to make a long story short. So I got the LG840G And wouldn't you know It doesn't get a signal at all. So I'm trying to send it back and every time I click print to get a return lable on Amazon it says theres no comunecationbetween my computer and the printer. After trying it a few times, I prented something else and my computer and the printer work just fine. I'm begging to think Amazon has it fixed so it's hard to return things. Maybe it's just that Mercury is in returagrade!!!

It is super slow! You have to slide your finger several times to just change the screen you need to look at. The browser and just opening apps takes this phone a long time to process. I highly recommend you buy a different phone.

Bought this phone for my mother. Works great! She has it with her constantly and shows it to all her friends.

Purchased this phone for my 10 year old son so he can learn to be responsible. He is very pleased with this phone... can access the internet at home on our wi-fi for free, text message, listen to music, make calls. The home screen lets him know exactly how many minutes & days of service are left.  If he receives an unknown text message, if he deletes before opening it, his is not charged. Every time he sends a text/opens a text, it tells him how many minutes were deducted.Two features I am not pleased with.  If the button &#34;on&#34; button on the top is pushed twice the phone will open to the last screen used. A few times he has left open the &#34;calling&#34; screen&#34; and put the phone in his book bag.  While on the bus he has bumped the &#34;on&#34; button twice, and he has &#34;butt&#34; dialed me.We tried to put a password protect on the phone... but if the &#34;emergency call&#34; button is accidentally  pushed, the phone dials 911 immediately! He bumped the emergency call button while entering his password and had to quickly hang up before it rang to 911! On my ZTE if the &#34;emergency call&#34; is pushed, you have to dial an emergency number then hit &#34;call&#34;.  His dials just on the push of the &#34;emergency&#34; button!  Needless to say, we removed the password protect - better to &#34;butt dial&#34; someone in his contacts that 911!

The phone works nice. I like the full keyboard (on the touch screen) for texting. It has good volume; it can be set louder than some other phones that I have seen.Don't buy the phone specifically for the WiFi. It does not work with all networks. Sometimes it works, and other times it doesn't. I haven't tried browsing the internet with it, but it doesn't look like there's a lot of options anyway.The texting is NOT free even if you are connected to the WiFi.I think that this phone was worth the price because of the triple minutes.

Not having cell phone service where we live, but needing service when we travel, this is the solution. So far there have been no problems and friends and family we've talked to on our phone tell us the reception is great. Very pleased!

We live in a rural area just outside of Tallahassee FL & the LG 840G has worked well for my husband so far (2 weeks). Call quality is fine, texting is so much easier with a qwerty keyboard (he upgraded from the Motorola W376G - both phones bought at Target) & the phone is smaller than my LG 500G (which I love). It's triple minutes & we just got 1500 mins tripled to 4500 mins with 1 year of service for $200; that's all he needs for calls & texts now.The "keyboard" is a touch screen & quite sensitive, but you get used to it. We'll update this review later once we've used it more, for example the Wi-Fi feature.

I bought this LG phone to replace a seven year old Motorola Tracfone that had bit the dust but still had a lot of minutes. I wanted the features of a smartphone but without the monthly bills that usually come with it. This seemed to have all I needed plus 3g and wifi.The good points: Ive had it for three months now and it has been a reliable phone. The apps are easy to learn (transitioning from a push button phone menu anyway) and if you already have an iPod its a synch. The apps are ok; calculator address book, notepad, calculator, calender, voice recorder, music player, web browser,  a weak video camera, Facebook, Twitter and My Space access and Bluetooth. Tower reception is usually better than most of my friends have with their smart phones in &#34;dead zones.&#34;The not so hot: The 3g will EAT up your points! I use the wifi wherever I can to avoid having to buy more minutes. I don't use this phone as my primary method of web surfing while I'm on the go, but I found that just a few minutes of surfing the web and looking for a ringtone or a game to buy will really chew at your prepaid points level. Also this phone does not have Android, you cant get the variety of apps like you can on a smartphone or an apple device. That said, buying games and ringtones will also cost you prepaid points and the selection is limited and disappointing. I also didn't like the menus for all these &#34;features&#34; and it took forever to search and find what I wanted (another reason to use the wifi.)  I also find i need to charge it more than my old phone, all the features run the battery down fast.Overall its a nice phone if you are on a budget but still want the feel of a smart phone or if your teenager is looking for his or her first phone. The phone is inexpensive and the prepaid minutes are easier on the wallet than a $50 and up cell phone plan. If you are like me and don't use enough minutes to warrant getting one of those &#34;family unlimited plans&#34; and don't care about missing out on the android apps than this phone is a good pick.

Order arrived quickly, on time. Phone is beautiful. Love it!! Take it everywhere. The music player is loud. Play my music all the time. Very happy.

Quick delivery, easy setup and activation. Copying my contacts from Google voice went perfectly as a vCard file. I used a standard microUSB cable and the phone powered up as a FlashDrive on my Windows/7. I copied the vCard file to the &#34;Other Files&#34; folder; then, reboot the phone, and go to the &#34;file manager&#34; and select &#34;Memory card&#34; and the &#34;other files&#34; folder. Click the Contacts.vcf file you previously copied from Google voice.I did have problems setting up the 10 international calls 888 numbers. I logged in to the Tracfone support forum and had a live chat with a rep and my account was fixed about an hour later.This is not an Android phone, it is a Java phone and there are apps available for them. I am toying with the Google-voice app for it. It is supposed to allow clicking on a google voice contact and the call is placed through the Google-voice website.

Arrived quickly- Pink!... shot a note off to seller and they shipped a black phone promptly with a return/ addressed mailer.The wifi works, however when you leave wifi area it hangs on in Tracfone mode and unknowingly eats minutes....Display is pixelated when trying to see weather radar.....Can't get youtube to load....I don't believe it is possible. I am open to suggestions as that would be a nice feature to have.Haven't been able to listen to music though I have to admit I haven't tried to much.Better than a flip phone.

did not like the phone and sent it back as I didn't care for it that much. too complicated to this older gent.

The only thing that kept me from giving this phone a 5 star rating is the fact that no matter what we did we could not get it to connect via wi-fi to my Mac G-5. My brother and I both did quite a bit of research and spent a lot of time trying to figure it out, and nothing we did would make it hook up. My AT&T Motorola MB508 hooks up flawlessly, and I use it that way a lot, but not this phone. But other than that it works as a phone very well, and the fact that it was unbelievably cheap, and came with triple minutes for life makes it an even better deal. It feel very solid, and we like the metal back that doesn't pop right off like other phones have. I have recommended that my brother buy one to replace his very obsolete phone, and also bought one for our daughter. All in all I would have to say it's worth the buy.

After a day with the phone, I found it easy to use and so did my wife.  We just used the phone for talk and we did try out the camera which was simple to use.  We will rarely use the wifi/3g internet features that come with the phone, if we use them at all, thus we've not tested those features at this time.  The touch screen works smoothly and configuring the volume, as well as, the timing of the lock was no problem.  It gets 3 to 4 bars around the house depending on which room I'm in and  mostly 4 bars driving around town.The phone came with 100 minutes at activation, the 1200 minutes registered properly and I got another 250 minutes with a promo code.  The promo code also added 3 months of additional service.  The 1550 minutes and 15 months of service is a great deal for a price of $115 including shipping.  I don't expect that I will even come close to using up the minutes.I ported my AT&T; phone number to Tracfone in about an hour, though I did have to contact Tracfone customer service and enter 3 or 4 fifteen digit codes to complete the number porting.Out of the box it seems worthy of 4 stars at first blush.  If it continues to work this well over a little longer time frame I will upgrade it 5 stars.

I had an old Motorola flip open phone that I purchased for my wife from Tracfone 7 years ago and I thought I would surprise her with this new modern phone, To make a long story short this phone is a piece of junk, We never had any trouble making calls anywhere with the old Motorola phone including here at our home location both inside and out,  But for some reason this phone has trouble getting just one bar, And to get that I need to walk out to the middle of our driveway and turn around in different directions to get that.  And if your in the car driving down the road your lucky if you can even place or receive a call.  No wonder Tracfone has these pieces of JUNK on sell on their web site along with triple minutes for life.

My spouse needed another phone, this one can be purchased with triple minutes, triple minutes and a year service, one time payment works great for her. This phone does everthing and a lot more then her Samsung, (model: SGH-A877) which cost $720. a year, a big difference from this phone at $110. a year.  I just calculated the minutes she used for a year, and this phone fit the bill, it uses ATT towers, so you will have great coverage.  Another great thing, if she needs more minutes, a person can get 4500 minutes for $200., a far cry from  $720.  Light weight, easy to operate, she has visual problems and screen is easy to read.The only thing a person can not find a color back to the phone, you can find color backs to many others but not this model.  If you know of a color back (red) or (blue) let Amazon know and/or please post.

I like this phone very much.  Having a bit of frustration learning the ins and outs but it serves all my needs plus more since I do not have unlimited minutes and will not be using the internet on it.  Great deal for what I wanted and I am very satisfied especially the speed in which it arrived.

I am waiting for yet another sim card from them.  I have been lied to(I have proof in e-mails) just to get me off the phone.They deactivated my old phone also.  I am left with nothing.  They don't listen, they don't care.  I don't know what todo to resolve this.  I have had a tracfone since 2007 and activated the new ones online.  This is the first time I had tospeak to someone at their center.  When the new sim card comes(they sent it yesterday 9/16..they &#34;forgot&#34; on 9/13 tosend it I am afraid to call them. This experience has been a nightmare.

EVERYTHING WORKS FINE! ADDED 8 GIG MINI SDHC AND HOLDS MORE THAN ENOUGH MUSIC FOR AN EVENING OF POKER OR WHATEVER YOU GOT GOING.

The LG instruction manual is extremely poor. My phone did not operate properly from the start. I returned it.  Do not attempt to get a prepaid minutes from TRAC PHONE. it is owned by AT &T. TRAC PHONE ME4SSED UP and I lost my 15 year owned phone number. Had to obtain a new phone number.

I decided to purchase this phone after reading about the LG 800g on the tracfone site. They finally had a prepaid touch screen smartphone that you could just purchase the minimum minutes and service time you wanted. Trouble was, after researching the LG 800g on the Amazon website, I read some bad reviews explaining about trouble with the screen lock on the LG 800g.I happened on the LG 840g at a Walmart store in my area. This is the new improved model of the LG 800g. It had some good reviews on the Amazon website.I purchased it on the Amazon website because it was offered by one of their sellers with forever triple minutes with tracfone. I noticed that the tracfone website said that it wasn't going to work in my area.  So I made some phone calls to tracfone and finally reached someone higher up in the company, that let me know the phone would work in my area.I purchased 1 for my wife and 1 for myself.  I put in a 8 micro sd card....works great. All the features work well. I have taken pics and video with the camera. It's easy to text with this phone also.  I even used the wifi feature to get on the internet before I activated the phone with tracfone. I also put my music on the mp3 player, some of which I download from my Amazon cloudaccount.I give the phone 5 stars because everything works well at an affordable pay as you go price.This is an entry level smartphone. Do not expect anything in the way of apps or games to work very well on this phone. You'll have to go to the high priced phones and service if thats what you are looking for.Skip

The bundled package of phone and prepaid card was an excellent value.  As for the phone itself, the touchscreen works well and though I've only made a few minutes worth of voice calls, the call quality is loud and clear.  The battery will last about 5 days standby with minimal usage (occasionally checking phone for time, a few minutes of phone calls and wifi off).I could care less for the latest and greatest &#34;smartphones&#34; with their absurd contract cost, and because I seldom make phone calls and have no desire to constantly check emails/apps on-the-go, having these prepaid phones and minutes works great for keeping my life simple financially and mentally.

prosgreat touch screen, fit and finish (for the price)wifi worksemail client worksconsbrowser is slow even over good wifiemail client re-downloads new emails that have been deleted on the phone (annoying)the deal breaker is the text inputfor both the browser and the email client, you are forced to use T9 text input, even though there is a great qwerty keyboard available in other aspects of the phonefor example, entering urls, contacts and email addresses all require T9Note, I am a WiFi user and want an iPhone or a android phone. Until either of those are options in tracfone, I am going back to me S390G QMD.

It is what I expected, no more, no less.  I rarely use a cell phone and only carry one for emergency purposes (I had nearly 1200 minutes remaining on my previous tracfone when my year was almost up).  But what I really give very, very high ratings to was the ease of transferring my phone number and minutes from my old phone to this one.  I didn't have to talk to anyone to do it, avoiding verbal communications with the folks with the indiscernible accents from up on Mt. Delhi or someplace in India or wherever.  I went on the net to Tracfone's website, followed very clear and explicit directions (less than 10 minutes) and voila!, I now have 2295 minutes on my new phone, which I will never use in the 435 days I now have remaining.

I got this phone (with one year of service) for LESS THAN the price of a one-year minute card!  I wanted to upgrade my previous tracfone anyways, so this was a no brainer.  The worst thing I've found so far is that SOME text entry fields DON'T let you use the virtual qwerty keyboard (so you're stuck using the old-fashioned multi-press numeric phone keyboard entry method, which is slow and annoying).  That's only some fields though, so it's still a great phone at a ridiculously low price.  I don't use a lot of minutes, so this is perfect for me.

It's fun. I didn't know how to text and learning on this phone was so easy. I love that you can take pictures, I still haven't learned all of the features,

Eats up minutes just turning it on. Never had a Tracfone before, and I have used up more minutes in 6 weeks than I did with Verizon in 4 months. Same calling pattern. Would not buy another one. It does not even work in my house.

Good phone and great service and price.

The price was the best! I love the phone. It has all of the features of an expensive phone with a contract. I add my minutes when I want & they get tripled!!

this  is my 4 tracfone I love them would not trade them for any other phone ever they are the best

The LG840G is not a smart phone however its 3g WiFi ability is great, as there are many free WiFi sites today and increasing all the time. I have the LG800 but the 840 functions better as it is more sensetive to the touch and the battery life is surerior to the 800. Over all I am very satisfied with the 840 and have already recomended it to others. I have read other reviews on this phone and have noticed that statements have been made that it will not do certain things of which I have found are not true. In order to realize the full posibilities of anything one must spend time and become familiar with devise. I am still discovering features about the 840.  The 840 for its price and features and low annual cost (this depends on use) in my opinion cannot be beat. Good phone.

I love this cell phone.  It's easy to get in & out of apps.  I love this phone so much that this purchase was for family members that I showed my phone to. The best is NO CONTRACTS & I PAY AS I GO :) Very happy with prepaid phone.Lynn Onderdonk :)

I like the phone but don't get good reception at home. My spouse and daughters phone are tracfones and they receive great reception.  I have only attempted 10 calls and 6 have dropped.

While this does not have all the features of today's smartphones (like the almost unlimited number of apps you can download) it contains most of the necessary built in apps.  You can download Google Maps and if you want to use your minutes, can use this as a GPS of sorts. I have, on several occasions mapped out my route at home on my computer and then if something wasn't quite up-to-date on the map material I printed at home THEN I use the Google Maps on the road to look for alternate routes (also it does contain live traffic patterns - shows colored roads for busy or stopped traffic).A feature I didn't think I would use but have many times in the since I bought this is the wifi features.  You can open a wifi connection to any public or private network (if you have the password of course) and it doesn't use any of your minutes. I ran into several reviews before purchasing this phone where people thought if you connected to a wifi hotspot your phone calls would be free over wifi as well (like the way a Magic Jack works).  However, the free use of wifi is only for internet access and will not make phone calls free; you only get internet access free.  Also, the phone isn't a true smartphone so you only get a mobile browser (no choice of using any other). This phone isn't running any version of the Android operating system so with the exception of Google Maps (it isn't preloaded on the phone, you have to download it) there really are only a couple apps you can get.As for reception, I live an apartment that is a pretty dead area for most people's I-phones and even most of the high end Samsung phones. I was surprised, to say the least, that I get decent reception using this 3G phone...better than the 4G phones most of my friends have. And before anyone gets upset, I wish I had one of those phones with all the extra features. And yes, my simple Tracfone is using the same carriers and cell towers as some of the more expensive phones.So, who would I recommend this phone to?  A second phone for ANYONE. If you make a moderate amount of phone calls and texts it should meet your needs (like I mentioned, it has all the essential apps built in: contacts, mp3 player, camera, calendar, Google maps and a number of other apps) and while the phone doesn't have a huge amount of memory - it comes with a 2 gig memory card - the memory card can also be replaced easily - no screwdriver needed - to hold your tunes and pictures. Since the setup function in the phone lets you decide whether to store things like music, contacts, pictures and a couple other things on the memory card or the built in memory I would recommend getting a larger memory card as well. After all, music takes a lot of space so if you use this as an mp3 player as well you won't have to worry about running out of space. For such a small and inexpensive phone it really does serve well. Triple minutes for life also doesn't hurt  ;-)

I like this the best of all the Tracfones I have owned. It's easy to learn for an old guy, has browser, makes texting easy, my wife wanted one as soon as I got mine. Good buy.

Warning: Semi-long review ahead ;)First off, this is not a smart phone and can only us java apps, so if that's what you want this isn't the phone for you.If you're looking for an inexpensive touch phone however this one is GREAT!-It gets at least two bars of signal anywhere I go, and usually about four bars + 3g when I'm in town. You can also hear people pretty well on this one. Hardly any crackle at all.-The touch function works really well and there isn't any lag. And the buttons on the bottom work the same way, they are not click buttons but touch buttons with the same sensitivity. It's really fun and easy to use. One main drawbacks to the touch screen however is that while you're talking to someone you have to make sure you don't touch it to your face because it'll do stuff (e.g., dial numbers, mute the call, hang up, etc.) It's not really that big a deal though, you just have to get use to holding it away from your face a bit... or do like I did and use it as an excuse to get a Bluetooth headset XD Which connects really easily, but more about that later.-The Wi-Fi function works great. As long as you have Wi-Fi active and connected to a router it'll surf the web without taking any of your minutes. You can even watch youtube video's on this one, which is a feature I haven't seen in any other tracfone I've had. I'd suggest only watching them when connect to Wi-Fi though, it takes a lot of minutes to watch them without it. This phone's web browser also has a multi-tab function and bookmarks, which is a nice step up from the other tracfones offered right now.-This phone has Bluetooth capabilities and it works really well. I've had tracfones before that were supposed to have Bluetooth but they were a hassle to connect too for anything. This one connects really fast and simple. Just turn the Bluetooth on and search for the device and wham you're connected to it. Seriously, it's been that easy ever time I go to connect it to something :)-Another cool feature this phone has is the MP3 Player which works really well. You have to get use to how the playlists are set up but after you do it's free sailing. This phone also comes with a Micro SD card so you can store a truck load of songs and photos on this thing without and problems.-The 2MP camera is pretty good. It has a lot of cool options for both taking the photos and editing the photos after they are taken. The video camera function isn't that great however :/ it has a very little resolution and comes out as a little 300x250 box when transferred to your computer...Over all this is a great phone though :) I really love it. Works great for me and I'm really satisfied with it so far.

The phone is fine for making calls and it receives texts, but does not SEND texts!  It acts like everything is fine when you try, but nothing goes through. Very frustrating.  Also, we receive random texts and calls from people we don't know on this phone, so it eats up prepaid minutes each time. It's ok. I just bought it to serve as a &#34;home phone&#34;.

Have only used the basic features of phone calls and texting. The touch screen can be annoyingly sensitive and the sound quality is not the greatest.

Great phone overall.  The last phone was a &#34;simple&#34; one and was the best about reception, so I was a bit disappointed to find this one occasionally drops calls.  My reception is not 100% the best as I live rurally, so I cannot really blame this new one.  Besides that, the MP3 player is wonderful to have and it came with Triple minutes in the future which is awesome.

Is a lot better and easier to handle than the LG 800. But still disappointed that there is no "smart" Tracfone. I want apps!!

This phone is the nicest phone I've owned, it's not an I-phone, but for me it's better, there was one unhappy thing, it does not work well at my North place, Tracfone has always been 5 bars but, there are 2 cell phone types, and unfortunately, my Montana home is not the right one.  But it's such a nice phone, I'm going to keep it for traveling.

Great little phone for the price. I got this for an elderly family member. It is easy for her to learn and use.

has many features and a great feel to it.  if you want to save money and not have a smartphone but have many features of smartphone this is the phone for you. It has mobile web, music player, 3G, wifi, bluetooth.  This is an ideal phone for a young kid.

The phone is excellent and the price was very good. It's very easy to use and was a excellent buy.

Can't beat the price for its value. The only thing I don't like is when you receive a call, you sometimes inadvertently hit the wrong button when you take it out of the case and it ends the call. There should be a way to lock the screen prior to hit the &#34;Accept&#34; button. Other than that, it's a great phone.

This phone functions but was extremely frustrating for me.  I couldn't type worth a lick on the keyboard and for some reason, you had to turn on auto correct every time you started a text message.  My wife had this phone first and she seemed to like it which is the only reason i didn't give this a 1 start rating.  For me, it was horrible.  I only had it for a month before I dumped it to buy another phone.

Works real well got what I wanted we love it texting is great on it, screen is awesome, ringtone is great

I just wanted a phone for emergencies and as a back-up.  Texting works well but the voicemail feature continues to frustrate me so I try not to use it.  It's a good size phone, slips easily into my purse.

I am having some difficulty in buying additional minutes. I followed all of the directions for doing so, but I have been unsuccessful so far. I attribute this to my lack of experience with cell phones.

I like what I read about the phone, the reviews, the specs and that it was a tracfone. Now I have it and it's everything I read about plus more. I recommend it.

I like it because the phone was free with the one year of service and triple minutes when ever I top up. Other than that, my phone is a glorified clock.

I upgraded to this phone from my original LG Flip phone.  I got a better price though amazon than Tracfone.  I've been using it for a couple of months and am generally happy with it.  It is not a smartphone, so don't buy it thinking you are getting one.  But if you want a phone for basic calling and texting functions, I think you will like this LG.  The texting screen is easier to see than my flip phone.  The touch screen takes some getting used to, but now I don't have any problems with it.  One thing I don't like is when you get a call, you have to handle it carefully by the sides of the phone or else you will inadvertently answer, reject or ignore a call.  This isn't easy when digging the phone out of a purse.  I have had Tracfone service for two years now and would NEVER go back to the larger service providers.  My one negative comment is why can't they include an instruction manual with electronics anymore?  It would be so much more helpful if they did and I might be more proficient at using all the features.Update:  I have had the phone for about six months.  Yesterday, I had three "dropped" calls.  This usually occurs if I am in a car or otherwise walking around (one time it happened three times in my home when I walked into a particular room).  I NEVER had a dropped call with my antiquated LG Flip phone.  Also, I have a vacation home in a somewhat rural area, and I cannot seem to get service there with this phone.  I was able to get service with my old LG flip phone, but not this one.  I do like certain features of this phone (the screen is easy to read, texting is easy with the keyboard), but the dropped calls and dead zones for service are a little too aggravating.  Because Tracfone and similar carriers use the networks of OTHER carriers, I think the key with a Tracfone is purchasing a phone that uses a carrier that has good coverage in your area.

I purchased this phone after being with your usual big time wireless provider so this is my first ever experience with a tracfone.This phone I received is supposedly brand new, but the battery I have is completely worthless.  After getting the phone I immediately hooked it up to a charger for over 5 hours before I even did anything with it.  Within a week I noticed that I sure had to charge my phone quite a bit but I wasn't sure the time between charges so I conducted a test.  I charged my phone up to full and it completed at 2:00 am.  I made sure Wi Fi was off and turned all the settings like back light to as low as possible to conserve battery.  I didn't use my phone at all except to check the clock once and awhile.  No phone calls, no text messaging, no wi-fi or web browsing nothing.  I got the low battery warning at 9pm later that day, that's only 19 hours later it had to be recharged and I didn't use the phone at all, it pretty much just sat there on standby the whole time.  I hear reports of people going several days with mild use before it needed a recharge, mine only lasts 19 hours and that's with no use at all, so I can't imagine how little it will last with regular use.Im forced to return the phone and its a big pain in the butt because I already canceled my other wireless provider so I will go without a mobile phone now for a couple weeks at least until they receive this one, get a refund, then I have to order a new one and wait for that to get in.

Bought the LG840g in December 2012. Immediately set up the home wifi on the phone. Downloaded the Opera Mini browser from the opera website, and the UC Browser from getjar.com. (modified the JAD files to remove that pesky keypad, per earlier posts).I have since discovered that the built-in browser works even better, as long as my wifi symbol is active- I won't get charged airtime minutes for browsing. Also, I set up Google Voice on my pc, and then downloaded the google voice app from getjar onto the phone-  now I can text and receive texts for free (to my free Google phone #/google voice app on the LG, and as long as wifi is activated).Suggest the purchase of a PC bluetooth USB adapter or a micro-usb data cable to easily transfer files to and from the LG.Also, I installed a Kingston 8 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SDC4- set the phone to use that for primary memory storage.So far, I like the phone, and being frugal, I like the associated costs (or the lack of them).  I have a semi-smart phone without a monthly, locked in, 2 year agreement.Have some patience when talking to Tracfone customer service- so far they've been polite, but I'm guessing they use a text-to-english speech translator.Now if I can just find a case for this phone!

Love my new phone and Tracfone service. Transferred minutes and days left on old phone on the tracfone website flawlessly. Connected to my wireless connection no problem.Now spending time learning all the phone offers...setting up my alarms, contacts etc. Maybe I should open up the instruction manual, but I don't think I'll need to!!Could use better ringtones if I had to find something to gripe about

Thought this might be a good replacement for my ancient Motorola 376 clam shell.  Unfortunately, the radio is pathetically weak in the areas I want to use it (gets 2 bars rather than the Motorola's 4), the touchscreen is hype-sensitive and it seems to frequently be unable to transmit (I get lots of "hello?, hello?, HELLO!").  Generally an irritating piece of work.

Great battery life, small form factor and light weight fits in your pocket, wifi, and triple minutes at a low price.

Phone has no features whatsoever. The touchscreen isn't accurate whatsoever. Just very basic. I wouldn't recommend this phone at any price. Also, every time I tried to add minutes it'd either take forever, or it'd say server down. One time it said &#34;pin already used&#34;. I ended up giving the phone away. I do not recommend this buy.I recommend the Samsung S390G. It has a querty keyboard. Excellent if your a texter like me. And you cant beat the rollover minutes and amount of texts you get.Just don't buy the LG840G. Beware...

Great phone.  The sound is clear, the size is great, it is easy to work and the plan is great.  This is my second Tracfone and I have recommended it to others.  However I have since seen the Dynamic Optimus II which is a smart phone. The same type of plan with a similar working order. I am thinking about getting that one,

Great for the price. Easy to use. Enjoy the features and triple minutes.  Purchased this for my sons first phone and as a handy camera for him. Was happy to see video and other features like the calculator.

Phone is OK for the money. Really best just for call usage. Good battery life compared to smartphones on contract.  The Value plan is very good.  If you buy a phone with triple minutes, you pay $10 a month for 50 minutes each month which is tripled to 150 minutes. Perfect for the light user.  The e-mail and other features are not well designed nor easily accessible.  The customer service is ATROCIOUS AND COMPLICATED!. It's like a mentally challenged chimpanzee is in charge. I needed to buy an additional $10 minute package for my value plan because of recent higher than usual usage. Couldn't do it through the phone, on the website or by calling them.  I made five attempts for this simple purchase. Pin numbers didn't match, purchase options on the phone didn't match my plan, and the website only gave me the option to cancel not purchase. The only way I could reach them, thus make my airtime purchase, was to DELIBRATELY MAKE WRONG ENTRIES ON THE AUTOMATED PHONE SYSTEM SO I WAS DIRECTED TO A LIVE OPERATOR!!! There was no other way to do this.

I love this phone. Here is a partial list of features that I like. Bluetooth, notepad, Web browser, texting with easy to see and use  letters and symbols. It has a voice recorder, store songs on the 4 GB micro SD card and lots of other features. I would reccomend this to anyone that does not wish to spend a lot on a phone.

840g must have been built by designers who used the 800.  many short comings in the 800 have been improved. It's easy to navigate, somewhat intuitive (but it helps to read the manual).Touch screen takes a whole different 'feel' than physical buttons.  It's an adjustment.Glad I got it. Fast delivery.

This is my second tracphone.  The first was very basic.  I like this one much better as I am now able to text and take photos.

This is a much better phone than the LG800 that it replaced.  Fewer problems of unintended calls or internet connecting when carrying it in my pocket.  Better overall design and usability.  I'm not always on the phone like many cell phone users so this is more than adequate for me but would work for the heavy-duty user as well.

The reason I bought it was, Tracfone offers prepaid minutes at under 5 cents if you buy a large block. It also has almost all the bells and whistles on a smart phone. I took a 1 1/2 hour video, found a free program(Any Video Converter) on the net that converted it to a format the phone recognized, loaded it to the SD card and now it plays on the phone.

I have had TeacFones for years.  I like their service and it works for me.  I have had probably 10+ cell phones over the years, but this LG840G is the best phone I have ever had by far.  It is loaded with many useful features.  I do not use the text feature, but the voice I hear when telephoning is clear and crisp and the people on the other end say I come through loud and clear as well.  It has a touch screen calling dial that is excellent for a big fingered clumsy klutz like me who has much trouble dialing other small button phones.  It has Bluetooth capability as well, that I paired with my car radio system.  It is most helpful, believe me.  Just remember to use the car's pairing instructions to match to the phone, not the phone's instructions.  I nearly went nuts until I figured that out.  This phone is made exclusively for TracFone incidentally, so do not bother going to any other carriers site to find the manual.  Amazon's price for this phone (or any phone, for that matter) is much better than TracFone's prices.  All in all I extremely pleased with this LG840G and TracFone in general.

The phone is easy to use and has good sound quality. Texting takes a little practice if you have bigger fingers like I do because of the sensitivety of the screen. I have not used all the features as yet but did find that it is missing one that I wish it had. A speaker phone

Excellant!

I moved up to this phone from a flip phone.  Not a fancy expensive unit.  Getting the triple minutes more than pays for the phone itself.  It sure does more than the flip phone and I can see the screen!!!  Only had a few days, so getting used to it.  Never had an expensive phone and have no need for it.  Looks like this unit has way more than I have used before.

UNLIKE THE SAME MODEL PURCHASED A FEW DAYS AFTER THIS, FOR MY WIFE, THIS PHONE WORKS FINE AND TRANSFERRED MINUTES AND NUMBER CORRECTLY.  I  CAN'T SAY I LIKE IT AS IT'S WAY TOO TOUCH-SENSITIVE AND THE SLIGHTEST TOUCH TRIGGERS A FEATURE I DON'T WANT. JUST HOPE YOU DON'T HAVE TO CALL CUSTOMER-LACK-OF-SERVICE; IT'S A HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE! HOWEVER, SO IS U.S. PHONE CO. SERVICE AND WE CANCELLED OUR LANDLINE DUE TO LACK OF SERVICE. The battery life is only about 2.5 days without talking.  It's a 1000 milliamp hour battery and the phone draws 15 MA/hr.(I meassured) when on standby. That's 66.6 hrs. It's lots more with the screen on! I tried to switch back to my old tracfone, but cannot. Again, lack of customer service...they call it "customer care". Very annoying experience!

I truly love my new phone except for the fact that the SIM card gets rejected often.  I called Tracfone and they say to shut the phone off and back on again.  This does not work.  I've even removed the SIM card and then put it back in but, that didn't work either.  They also said it might be reception but, a friend has the LG800 in the same area and it never happens to her.

I love this phone!  It is so user friendly, you can take off right away. Very easy to use and find your way around. I would recommend it to anyone. I had another tracfone for a long time and it worked fine, I just wanted to upgrade a little. This is within my budget and needs.

I am really enjoying this phone,like all the different features that it has, for not being a smart phone, I would recommend it. Plus it's very stylist.

was looking for basic functions with &#34;look&#34; of smart phone and this phone meets that requirement - much easier to use than old phone

The triple minutes seemed like a good deal, and I'm away from the clutches of Verizon.  The best part about this is that is has WIFI, and for the price, at least at the time I purchased it, you can't beat it.  If you hunt for a deal on Amazon, you might get lucky and find something with prepaid minutes and essentially pay for that only, perhaps a bit more.I chose this over the earlier model after reading some reviews.  I wish it would ring longer before going to voice mail, but that's about my only complaint.  You can lock it before you put it in your pocket, and I have not made any accidental calls.  I like the interface, and it was easy to set up for WIFI and Bluetooth.  I'm not into apps, but I understand there are some you can get, but it is not a smart phone.  Android apps will not work.  That's ok with me for now.  I have had a bit of trouble getting my yahoo account to work, but I still prefer a computer for e-mail.  I think there is a fix out there anyway.I prefer a big screen for viewing web pages.  That may change some day, but for now, the internet capability is more of a novelty.  I would only use the internet on this phone at home or public WIFI access out of boredom. I would not get internet access on this phone without WIFI because it is not worth the money to me.  There is some talk about the QWERTY capability.  I think you can use it for texting but not for internet searchesIn short, if you are money conscious, have your cell as supplemental communication, and are sick of the contracts and habitual advertising of the big carriers, tracfone might be good for you.  And for a guy who is always one step behind, this phone is a nice starter into the world of (almost) smart phones without spending a lot on a phone or hundreds a year for a plan.

I am not a huge fan of this phone. I like my older Tracfone better. It is easy to navigate but it doesn't hold a battery life as good as my previous tracfone. It also doesn't get a very good signal. I am actually thinking about switching back to my old phone.

When I got this from Amazon, I charged it right away.  It was still working 7 days later without a charge, at which time I got nervous about the battery icon showing no bars, so I charged it again.  Excellent battery life.My old Samsung T301 phone would not work well in the house, I had to go outside for it to be reliable.  This 840g will make and receive calls reliably from anywhere in the house.The wifi works, but the receiver is not very good.  Don't expect it to work unless the wifi signal is very strong.

I don't talk on the phone too much...but having this phone is great!  This little sucker gets reception where others who pay $100 a month for service can't.  Love, Love, Love....and the triple minutes for life is awesome.....you can always find a bonus code on line so for about 10 a month, I can talk and text all I want.

I just got this phone LG840  on February 24,2014...it is 'SIMPLY  MARVELOUS' , to say the least... it has Sooooooo many features on it, I like the touch screen, my other TracFone was LG500 ...that is also a good phone ...but I was always pushing the keyboard accidentally when the phone was in my pants pocket, but this LG840 phone has a 'LOCK' where you can not log-in until you unlock  slide the  screen up with your finger (touch screen)  to answer or make a call... very good feature! I am still learning more and more about what this phone has to offer. AND MOST OF ALL....the 'TRIPLE MINUTES!' is a must have... This phone is well worth your money and investment, GET IT!George Jr.Gary, Indiana

Received as promised in its original package.  It looked just like description and the price was great!  Would purchase again.

My husband loves this phone he's not a big talker so this is great for him , he doesn't worry about a cell bill plus he looks @ movies , you tube  listen to music as well . P.s I love Lg phones.

I saw this phone on a shopping network for twice the price and they made it seem like something much more than it is.  This is simply a basic Tracfone with a touch screen.  It is not a smart phone.  I only wanted a cell for the necessity created by the fact that there are NO more pay phones anywhere anymore.  I only wanted the ease of use that comes with a touch screen and the portability.  However after having the phone for several weeks I must say it is a really good phone.  I love the touch screen and ease of use.

My phone arrived on time. It was just as advertised. I ported over a number from an old phone, which was kind of frustrating and took a couple hours and a few calls to tech support, but after that it has worked great! Triple minutes is definitely my favorite feature. The MP3 player has decent volume, and the phone comes with 2 gigs of memory on an SD card. The SIM and MicroSD cards are both very easily removed and replaced.

I had to discontinue my expensive smartphone and it's monthly fees.  This Tracfone came at the right time to save me a lot of money.  The display is bright and clear, and the sound is good.  I am only charged for the minutes I use and need.

I haven't had time to get a lot of use out of the phone yet but it is worlds better than the old LG flip phone I had with a different carrier.  Tracfone's coverage is extremely good. Those that I have talked to said that the sound quality is very good.  It may not be a smart phone but for the price it's smart enough for my needs.

This is just the phone I wanted to own.  No monstrous contracts for features I don't need.  It was a good way to upgrade from my old flip phone and with the triple minutes for life, I'll own this one for a long time.

Bought this LG 840 in Nov 2012. Do not like it at all. You can not answer the phone it disconnects every time you pick it up. Wasted time and money calling people back.. Texting is not convenient either.Helen M

I was just looking for a cheap phone and found this Trac phone and the reviews looked good.  I have had it for two months and it does what I need.  Phone, text, email, wifi,

This was and upgrade for an LG 800G. Our handicapped daughter loves it.

The qwerty screen is not accurate,  i.e.,you type one letter and another pops up.  My previous tracfone notified me when my sent messages were sent, also whether or not they were read, and what time they were read, in other words I need that message detail, therefore i have gone back to my old LG which i have had for 6 years.  I won't bother too return it.

I got this phone for emergencies and I like it. I have another phone I use as my primary phone but if I need to call someone or emergency number I can use this phone as a backup phone.

I AM VERY HAPPY WITH MY TRACFONE,HAPPY WITH THE PRICE,HAPPY WITH MY TRIPLE MINUTES. I WILL TELL ALL OF MY FRIENDS ABOUT IT.

We upgraded from our old Tracfone flip phones and it is like night and day.  We are still in the Stone Age as far as the latest technology, but not paying a monthly fee and still having plenty of talk time with Tracfone works perfectly for us.

I am  so glad I chose the LG, it suits my needs.  It is a great phone for little money.

Great value and a great product.  To my knowledge it was the best price on line at the time I needed this product.

For years I refused to own a cell phone because I saw too many people addicted to their phone. I viewed the phone as a loss of privacy and that was before I learned you can be tracked from the moment you put the phone in your pocket. However, there could be an emergency on the highway and no way to contact medical help.  I realize I don't need to give friends or companies my cell number and that works for me.  I use the phone when I want to.  This phone is great.  It has a few bells and whistles and very easy to operate. Also, I do not have a monthly phone bill equal to a car payment.  It works for me.  I found my safety net!!

I received this phone on the date they specified.  I called the number they gave me to activate the phone.  I went through the automated list of options.  They do not give an option for activating a phone with a previous number from a different company.  So I used the activate phone option.  Next thing I know they are assigning me a number!  So I call back to have my other number assigned to the phone.  They assign me a new number!  Finally, after talking to 3 hard to understand customer service representatives, I finally get someone that speaks clear English and is knowledgeable enough to fix my problem! I now have to wait for another week or so until I get a new sim card shipped to me.  I have two phones, neither one works because my old number has been ported into my new phone before they sent the new sim card.  The phone won't work without a new sim card.  My old phone won't work because the number has been ported into Tracfone system.  I am a coach for the local school.  I need a phone!  Very upset.  It seems they need to train their customer service representatives better.  Oh,,, I hope I like the phone once I am able to use it.

I like Tracfone for the low initial and residual cost of operation.  I've had several Tracfones and the LG 840G so far is my favorite one.  This is a much better phone than the LG 800G!  Glad I got it.

I had the Tracfone T301G so this was an upgrade for me. It took three days for me to get the phone activated. I found out from someone else that I had to go to the facebook chat to get the proper help and a different customer service number. Support was good and I was able to use the phone within 30 minutes. I do not like the fact that I have to enter all of the contacts in again. They should transfer over with the existing phone number. I think I am going to be happy with this product.

Should have listened to the other reviewers who posted about this problem and checked up on it beforehand! They need to list area codes that these phones are not compatible with!

I have had this phone for 4 months. I use the music player daily. The player on this phone will not stay paused, it does not go back to where you left off after shutdown. I bought two of these and both of them do the same thing. I had an 800G before I got these and the music player works flawlessly on it. I have gone back to the 800G. I like the wifi feature on the 840G and will keep it for that purpose only.

I picked up this phone for my mom as a upgrade for her ancient flip phone.  On first inspection it looks like a smart phone even though its not.  The touch screen is very responsive and it has all the features you'd expect in a modern phone.  This phone also features triple minutes for life, which is fantastic.  The package we bought came with a 400 unit/1 year card.  Great deal.  The Amazon price for the phone and card is less than the price I could have bought it for locally.

This LG840G had a few problems with it.  First I kept losing signals all the time.  I had to recall my sister 4 times in a 30 minute conversation.  I always owned a LG, and never had this problem. Second. It was too sensitive on the touchscreen.  I barely go to touch it and it would change before I got to the proper spot. Taking pictures sure was funny.  It kept going off by my putting it down or by picking it up.  Just couldn't get near it to click the picture. Naturally, this had to go back and I did get another one.  The second one is so much better and I adore it. If you compare this model to the original LG800G, I would choose this way over the 800. This is lighter, larger screen, thinner case. I would recommend this product by all means.

This is NOT a smart phone, but it has many of the features that I need on a day to day basis. If I were still travelling I would purchase an Androit based device. Keep in mind that Tracfone is often difficult to deal with. The price is right and it worked right out of the box. This is my second purchase of this identical product.

I love tis phone even though my children laugh at me because I don't use a smart phone.  It does all I need and the best thing about it is the slide out keyboard.

It is a very well designed product. Not a smart phone but has a lot of features.The price is amazing for what you get. My only complaint is that if you use the pin number to unlock your phone on power up, the &#34;OK&#34; button (which is much smaller than my finger) is adjacent to the emergency call (911) button. So you know what happens next. I decided to forgo using the pin number. If the phone gets stolen they do not get a lot anyhow and a persistent person can find the pin number. Other than that I am completely happy.

I had a company phone before I retired.  Now,for less than $10 per month I've got the same utility with a more modern phone.  No complaints.

I've had this phone for a couple weeks now and so far I like it. I don't use the phone that much, that is why I use Tracfone. I bought this phone to upgrade my flip phone that I had been using for about four years. I like that this phone has a music player. Although I kind of wish it also had a radio. The flip phone had a radio, but I was never able to access because you needed the headset. I was never able to find the headset. You can just use regular ear buds with this phone and you can also play music without the ear buds. Another thing I like is you can download your pictures from your phone onto your computer by using a USB connection if you don't want to waste your minutes e-mailing them to yourself.

Love this phone.  Has all the features of a smartphone and I can pay as I go with no monthly payment.  Also, get triple minutes with this phone.

I got this and have been very happy with it, but now I see Tracfone has come out with a true android phone. :-( I wish I had waited as this is good, but not an android. Apps are not good for this phone. Being able to get google apps would have a much smarter move, and cost wasn't that much more. Oh well, next time! Still overall, it does what I need it to do with no problems. Cost is coming down on this phone, now that Androids are there, so this would be a good fit for someone wanting a phone that is &#34;almost an android&#34;. Since they are changing the way the minutes are split, this may also be the least expensive way to go. Touch screen is great, and I enjoy the keyboard coming up on the screen instead of trying to touch those tiny buttons! Great for text messages as QWERTY keyboard is displayed, making it go so much faster than punching the numbers several times.

Great second Phone for the price, has every thing you need, will may be buy a few more for Gifts....&#128165;&#128077;

this phone was a great deal.  at first.  it is consuming minutes without being used.  i haven't been able to get any answers why.  would love to give it a four if we can get it to stop eating minutes randomly.otherwise, for the money it is a good phone.  a bit small.  a bit slow.  but i like it except for above

My previous phone was four years old and the sound quality was poor.  I get a stronger signal from this phone and the sound quality is good.  The cost is significantly less than moist phones. Good buy for those of us who want a reliable phone with some of the bells and whistles where we can control our usage of minutes.  Tracfone should let us decide how we use the minutes without divided them for us.

it shuts off ( goes to sleep?)  too quickly.  Am still trying to get used to the features.It takes too long to come on,

Purchased to use blue tooth with Toyota Entune. Bluetooth connection allowed car to use the phone directory for hands free request of any name. Interface did not allow text messages to appear on car screen because the phone does not support the Toyota Entune App, phone only supports java apps. Car Screen does show missed calls, calls made and calls received.  Wireless connection to internet worked well, connected easily at numerous public sites. Transferred number and time from previous Tracfone on line, only took minutes. Installed the minutes supplied with package using the the code supplied. With light usage and shutting down the blue tooth when not using, the phone lasts 7 days before loosing the full charge bar. Very pleased with over all operation of the phone and service. Have been using this phone for 3 weeks, Tracfone for years. Would give 5 stars if it supported android apps. Info: Had to move phone directory manually, not sure if can be done with computer interface, as my old phone did not support an interface.

I received the item and went to activate it and was told that the unit would not work in my area code 18837 and that they (tracfone) would send me another one that would work in my area. They did that and I returned the 840G but it was a time consuming aggravation.

major advance for tracfone. qwerty keyboard, wifi connection. mostly intuitive functions. texting easy, phone clear and with very good reception everywhere I have used it. Price is right, especially with the triple minutes.

Tracfone said it was not the sim card that goes with the phone?..It came in the box, in the clam shell, sold as new? Now I have to wait for them to send me a new sim card and it already took almost a week to get the phone. Then it took another 2-3 days to find out it wasn't going to work out. And in the process of trying to set this one up my current phone was deactivated. Ahhhh..patients,patients...I do like the phone, however, so I'm hoping it will all work out soon.I bought one for my boyfriend's birthday and he loves it..got his phone number transferred and everything hooked up in an hour&#60;..he's saving money and happy with the upgrade from his &#34;dinosaur&#34;.

this replaced an older model LG cellphone , product works great , very clear sound , but still working on the programing , very complicated for a old man .....

hi i buy one of your phone and does not work here in Venezuela, for the reason that is locked and can not unlock, I will be sending another one like this or a different one to pay the difference, but it has to be unlocked.

This is perfect for my 11 year old.  Tracfone is not very expensive and if he loses or breaks it,  it is easily replaced.

This is all most people need and for much less cost than an iPhone... This can't be beat. Does it all.... Even WiFi.

It was shipped promptly to replace someone who had stolen her original phone.  We weren't sure how the triple minutes worked, but she said her minutes were tripled.  Thanks Amazon!

Looks like and Android phone. I like the touch screen, the triple minutes, and the browsing capability. If you don't want to pay for a cellphone with a monthly plan, but still want a cool phone, this is a pretty good choice.

Am very pleased with this phone.  Have to get use to the sensitivity of it but it has a lot of features that I truly love. Cannot beat the triple minutes.

This phone 'is not repeat not a SMART phone. More like the retarded cousin off a smart phone.Don't waist your time or money

My wife and I both bought this phone; and it is perfect for our use.  The touch feature is easy to enable us to get the application we want; and the screen is very vivid and easy to read.  While this phone is &#34;smart,&#34; it is not an expensive version with GPS etc.

I truly like my new LG840G, I did have the LG800.  It wasn't necessarily a bad phone but I had gone from a slider to the touch screen and was "not" a happy user.  However, the slight upgrade to the 840G has made me change my mind.  It is still a very user friendly, simple phone to use but the touch screen is amazingly more sensitive.  So although I still fat finger the the 'a' 'w' and 'p' this is a much more responsive touch screen.  If you have WiFi, you can browse for Free!  Just be sure you are hooked to your WiFi or it will use minutes.  It's triple minutes for life and who doesn't appreciate that.  I feel confident recommending the LG840G for those of us who are, at least at the moment, not in need of a smart phone.

Hey the Tracfone LG 840G is a great deal.  It will take us about a year to use up the time with triple minutes.....then just purchase another newer model with all the newest bells and whistles. :):) We probably won't use the bells and whistles.......but we got them. Hee Hee

Was ease to setup and it was my first smart phone which I thought would be harder to get the hang of.

This is a fun little phone with most of the features of the big ones with a fraction of the cost and its not a heavy item to carry in a shirt pocket. If your life dosent revolve around the latest high tech super phone, this is a good buy for you. I was pleasently surprised.

I love this phone and haven't had a bit of trouble with it. I love prepaid prices for service and this phone just makes it all the better. You won't be sorry.

I bought this phone as a replacement for an older aging flip phone from Tracfone and and love the upgrade! As a phone, the Sound is a huge improvement for me. Also, the Bluetooth works perfectly with my car. I tried it the other day on a wireless network in a store and it works extremely well allowing me to get my email and surf the web...free of charge.  I got a phone call when doing it and it worked flawlessly. Granted-This isn't a full featured Smartphone, but it makes up for it with some clever software that, for instance allows you to shift to landscape mode when browsing the web and allows you to have a Qwerty Keyboard when you are writing an email or adding a contact. LG did a great job with this one, and I couldn't be more pleased. Combine the great price on the phone with the Triple Minute rates on Tracfone and you have some real value. I've only had it for a week but I can't find anything I don't like. By the way it lasted 5 days under usage before I even thought about charging it!

Bought this phone for my 80 year old mother.  It is simple and easy for her to see and use.  Good starter phone for someone who is not a technical genius.  Again, easy to use and easy to see.

I AM DEAF ALL I CAN DO IS TEXT THIS IS THE BEST CELL FOR ME I CAN HEAR HIGH PITCHED RINGER  THANK YOU

Received my new LG 840 G Tracfone this week can't believe the total difference between the LG 800 and this new phone. Totally happy with the touch and features of my new phone. I was getting totally frustrated with LG 800 with everything I wanted to do with it. Now all I want to do with it is to throw it away as far as I can throw it. The difference is like a Model T (LG 800) and a Sports car (LG 840). Nice job LG for making a better product. My hats off to you.

For the price, the phone is a cheap alternative to the true smart phones and offers some of the features you'll find on more expensive phones.  It seems to be sturdy built and is easy to carry in your pocket.  So why did I give it two stars?  The battery life is absolutely horrible and even when the phone is turned completely off and not in use, the battery will last no more than couple of days before draining.  I know these phones are not known for their long battery life but this is ridiculous.  For those who aren't frequent cell phone users and only have the thing for emergencies or rare calls, the constantly dead battery is going to be a problem.

Nice, easy to use quasi smart phone. Touch screen a bit too sensitive, scrolling can be challenging as it tends to go to the first contact you touch, even lightly. But what really made me rate this( I'd give it 2 1/2 stars if possible) is the reliability . I've owned this three weeks and twice it would not let me receive or send texts until I took the battery out and put it back again. Then I had no service for about five hours earlier this week, while my other tracfone worked perfectly all that day, so it wasn't a tracfone service problem but I think a phone problem. I'm glad I didn't end service with my older phone as I'm going to look for a replacement for the 840g in the meantime .

Love the phone and the deal. Great phone,  easy to use. I like the texting feature the best with this phone.  Plus it comes with a 400 minutes phone card with triple minutes.  If you're looking for a great Trac phone, I highly recommend this product

I have my second trac phone. My first worked until last year when I had trouble calling Canada  and decided it was old and I needed a new one. The new one is worse than the old. There is a long delay which makes conversation unintelligible. I informed  trac phone about my problem and they moved my calls to another tower which did nothing to improve the service. Lately I do not receive calls that are placed to me. It goes into the answering machine and does not bother to let me know for days that I have a message. When my minutes are used up it is going into the garbage. Do not buy a trac phone. They do not work.

Does almost everything we wanted at a much lower cost than a Contract phone we had previously.  Takes some adjusting to the &#34;light touch&#34; on the keyboard but manageable.  Very happy so far with this phone.

The phone is more updated than the last LG I had, but the battery needsto be recharged much more frequently even if the phone has not been used.The new regular keyboard is quicker to use, but the keys are very close togetherand quite small for my fingers,so I end up often typing wrong letters and havingto retype.Having triple minutes was a definite selling point for me.

I just purchased this TracFone. I previously had the LG 800G TracFone. I had several issues with that phone. This new LG 840G TracFone is much better...so far, I like the phone.

I am still learning how to use all of the features but, so far, I like it a lot.  I can now take pictures and send them to people, which I could not do with my old TracFone.  I also have the triple minutes feature, which is wonderful.

I didn't purchase this phone on amazon. honestly, I was quiet content with the wanna be black berry looking one. I was a genius and ran that phone thru the washer and dryer. of course it didn't work anymore. I had no choice to get another one. I only had two phones to pick from at the store I chose to go to. One was $99. the other $30. I chose the $30 phone and I was quite shocked by the touch screen and how well it worked. the first prepaid touch screen I got was so terrible that I only owned it for a month before I switched to the blackberry looking one. for a basic prepaid phone with Wi-Fi and such, it's not bad. i expected a lot worse. The only issue i had was transferring my number and minutes. that was a terrible frustrating experience. i was close to loosing the remaining 500 minutes i had on my old phone. eventually my number and minutes were transferred, but it took nearly another day to get the dam sim card registered. the issue was resolved, but selfishly not when i wanted it to be. i just don 't think it should have taken that long... period.

price is good and easy to operate for the priceit's for my teen daughter , i don't want her to use expensive smart phoneit's the way to save money for triple minutes  ; i purchased 60 mins for $20 and it becomes 180 mins 90 daysMy daughter complains the screen quality and can't access many applications; don't blame it and it's cheap staff for basic functions and saving money.

It was a super value. All the features are nice. Above all the sound is better than my old phone.

Whoa----This works so much better then the lg800 ----Touch screen is heads and heels above the lg800---It is a little sensitive and may take a little getting used to but it still works so much better.I was pleasantly surprised that I actually go better reception as there were very few reporting this positive side.Using bluetooth, I was able to transfer all of my contacts with ease.Some reported that the phone easily rejected incoming calls and I will have to agree with that----I guess that I will have to be much more careful when pulling my phone out of my pocket.I've tried the internet function and may or not use it very much----It really is nice to have but, so far, I haven't gotten used to using it yet and it seems a little hard to get around----Maybe change my mind as time goes on.Bottom line---You can't ask for more for $20----=-----Internet, better reception, a lot better touch screen and very easy to use.

I'm eleven years old and I love socializing! All my friends have super cool smart phones or iphones, but what do I have? The worst most disgusting phone ever!!!! Like it didn't even have a camera .A phone without it a camera is like illegal where I'm from!!!! I totally needed a new phone. My mom agreed to an upgrade.I started browsing trac phones. When I found this one I fell immediately in love with it!!! But it doesn't stop there because when I saw the price I knew this was my phone. I

This phone has many good things going for it that you can read in the other reviews.  But for me, it has one big problem.  When you get a phone call (even when the phone is locked), "Accept", "Silent", "Reject" buttons pop up on the screen.  When I have the phone in my pocket, hear it ring, and reach to grab it, half the time I accidentally hit one of these buttons and accidentally "reject" the call, or I "accept" it without knowing who it is before it's even out of my pocket, leaving the caller wondering why he hears nothing.  I've heard that the true "smart phones" avoid this problem by requiring a finger slide to answer.If I had a solution to avoid accidental "reject" or "answer", I would give this phone 4 or 5 stars, but this had caused me enough problems to drop it to 2 stars.

I bought my phone today. Huge upgrade for me. I love it. I having had many phone calls yet but the sound quality seems great so far. I love the wifi option. It's nice to not get charged minutes for browsing the web when in signal to any open wifi networks. I've had a blast playing with all the settings. The best part to- I didn't have a problem getting my other Tracfone number transferred over. I've heard that Tracfones customer service can be quite irritating but I didn't have an issue whats so ever. I'll update if any problems arise but I don't see that happening.

My primary reason for buying this LG840G phone was in the hope that the ringer and alert tones were loud enough to hear when the phone was in my purse (where it usually is).  My old Samsung slider phone was simply inaudible resulting in missed calls and not being alerted to low battery or messages.  The LG840 satisfies my requirement for audible rings and alerts, and has the added advantage of being a touch screen with wifi capability.  The screen is much larger which makes for better viewing of photos.  Like always, it was a hassle getting my phone number and minutes and air time migrated to the LG, but that is Tracfone's fault with their poor customer service.

I just love this phone.A friend of mine recommended it. And i have not regretted ever getting it.it has so many features on it. Thanks

I live in a rural area. Verizon is the only carrier that works. The G on the model number is for GSM which uses ATT and Tmobile networks. Verizon uses CDMA which is a C on the model number. Didn't know that before I bought it. The phone works fine in town. Nice pocket size. Not superfast but works for occasional texts and calls. Best part of the deal it's supercheap for service. I cancelled my Verizon service on my droid phone and saved a bundle. I can still use my droid at home for free on wifi for facebook, email, web, and a free text app. Yes I have 2 phone numbers, 1 for my text app on my droid and 1 for the tracfone. But it is worth it to save over $600 a year. Just wish Tracfone had a bigger selection of C models.

Have bought this offer of the lg 840g.My 2 year old basic trac phone gets 3 to 5 bars of cell reception all around the house with no drop outs.The new lg 840g gets 0 to 2 bars and drops out all over the house.Both phones are on the same att network.Can anyone give me an answer to this?What good is the phone if you cant talk on it.Will have to return it if there is no answer and go back to the old faithful phone.Thank You

thanks phone delivered as expected. i already have one. buying as gifts for family. they loved mine so much, i knew this would be a great gift.

I love this phone but be carefully when purchasing that you CHECK who is the PROVIDER for that phone...trac phone has multiple servers... the one I purchased had T MOBILE and they have very BAD coverage..SO LESSON LEARNED CHECK WHO PROVIDER IS ON ANY TRAC PHONE BEFOR BUYING!!!  I learned the hard way.

Arrived as scheduled...an upgrade for us from our flip phone...easy to use...but quite dissappointed that I cannot find a case for it!

I received the phone on time and transferred my excising Tracfone number to this phone with no problems.It works great, now I have WiFi, I can check my emails and brows internet without loosing my minuets.

I've owned a regular Tracfone for years and felt that it was time for me to move-up.  I chose this phone, because it has capabilities of that of the more sophisticated models.

This phone is so lightweight and easy to use,  especially like the touch screen its easy to see no strain on the eyes.

I don't use much cellphone, this phone give me all what I need.Voice, text,send photo for year round cost me just over a hundred .I don't mind the the the slow speed of internet and poor app, but happy when can find each other in the crowd and tell someone at home to turn off the stove when I already 1 hour from home.If you are just like me, 1200 minute is enough for all, this is the right phone for you.

Great deal for a tech scared senior. It's a move up towards a smart phone eventually. good pictures call clarity a variety of ring tones so I know who's calling by the ring sound.

I cannot say enough about this phone.  I am so sure any one purchasing it will just love it.  Easy to read, use and fun.  I loaded screensavers off my own PC to the sd card.  It is well worth the money, especially with the 1200 minutes you get with it.

I bought this for my daughter as her first phone. Service is great!! And you can't beat triple minutes!! My only issue is that the screen is very touchy, and you can't seem to scroll down without clicking on something. But I have no regrets, because my daughter loves it.

The phone is alright but I cant get it to connect to the wifi. I feel totally jipped because I bought it for my kids and they cant watch videos on it or go online without it taking minutes.

I really like the features of this phone. Its small, light, good looking, has 32g of memory space, can play 3gp movies and has an mp3 player. But so does my old tracfone the lg500 (well the lg500 has 4gb but after that many songs who's counting).So why spend 65 bucks for this phone. The big reason, to me anyway is this phone is wifi capable. That's a big plus especially if you're in a coffee shop with no one to talk to. However the touch screen leaves much to be desired. You can touch it several times and nothing happens and touch it once again all all the sudden several things happen at once. You can enlarge the screen to get a better target  but this doesn't work all the time either. Its a VERY TEMPERMENTAL screen. I wish Tracfone offered a D-ring like it did on the lg500 so I could navigate to my sites. As it is going online and getting news can be a real chore.Also CNN and Netflix don't play in this tracfone. That's a big negative too.I'm going to take mine back and save 65 bucks. I can always get the newspaper and wait for the next upgrade. Hopefully the next upgrade will include a D-ring so I can navigate to the sites I want. As it is it just isn't worth the aggravation considering the upgrade will hopefully be so much better.

Buying this phone was a good choice, Tracfone is the only way to go. No high monthlyfees & suits my needs just fine.

Activation instructions were vague and misleading. A simple statement like,&#34; you must add minutes before trying to activate&#34; would have helped.

The screen doesn't show that it's charging, although it seems to be ( my battery hasn't went dead yet). Also the phone has to be in speaker mode to work. If  left on normal you can't talk to or hear person you called. Also minutes get used up for no reason. Keeps losing about 4 minutes a day although the phone isn't being used. No way to track where time went either, keeps records on phone calls but not data use. I don't use the data knowingly, but that's the only place I can guess the minutes go. Takes off a few seconds at a time several times a day. Guess that's the price for triple minutes?!

Very good deal, especially with the 1200 minutes. I found my old LG800G a bit more user friendly, but I guess I'll get used to it.

CAN NOT USE IT INSIDE MOST BUILDINGS..  NEEDS YO BE CHARGED TOO OFTEN.  I DON'T KNOW WHO THE SUPPLIER , IS BUT WE HAVE TO MAKE A  CHANGE.'

This is a decent phone.  I've had my Samsung slider tracphone for a few years with no problems, but each time I bought minutes I wanted the triple minutes!!  200 minutes is 39.99, so I figured this phone will pay for itself after buying one phone card.  Why everyone gets the high end toys is beyond me.  I've had tracfone and majic jack for years and I love them both.  I get on the computer for internet even tho this has Wi-Fi,  I also use my nook for wi fi.  For all of you parents out there working overtime for your teenagers phones, buy them one of these and let them earn their own minutes!  I bought one for my 9 year old grandson.  It is a great starter low end almost smart phone.  The camera is okay too-easy to activate right from the package too.

Bought a new phone was replaced with a used one,should have been replace with an new one will not buy any more of that brand

Going from a LG flip phone to this was like going from a rotary corded phone to cordless. Android next!

Bought this phone for my husband. He wanted to hang on to his flip phone. My daughter bought one of these phone and I decided he needed a new one. So now he is getting used to this one. So far so good.

DECENT CELL PHONE FOR THE FIRST TIME USER OF A TOUCH SCREEN PHONE. I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY 63YR OLD FATHER AND HE QUICKLY GOT THE HANG OF IT. NEXT YEAR I WILL UPGRADE HIM TO A BETTER PHONE WITH ACTUAL ANDROID SOFTWARE. THIS HAS A SLOW BUT USABLE PROGRAM INSTALLED. DO NOT THINK YOU WILL BE ZIPPING ALL OVER THE WEB. IT WILL LET YOU DOWN, BUT FOR THE OCCASIONAL USER (ELDERLY) ITS A DECENT BUY FOR THE PRICE.

1.  When you get a phone call (even when the phone is locked), &#34;Accept&#34;, &#34;Silent&#34;, &#34;Reject&#34; buttons pop up on the screen. When I have the phone in my pocket, hear it ring, and reach to grab it, I accidentally hit one of these buttons2. The phone has started to take minutes at random, it will alert and when I check as to why it has deducted minutes. This started after owning it for 5 months. Time for a new phone

Got this for my husband and he loves it!  Really nice and easy for a guy not that good with technical stuff

My Dad recently got this phone and I've been playing around with it to see what it's like (I have a LG 500g Tracfone). If I ever do upgrade my phone, I was thinking of this one. I love playing with new tech devices too, especially if someday they'll end up in my hands for good.On the surface, it looks like a really nice phone. It has Wi-Fi (huge feature for Tracfones as they never had it before), a good quality touch screen, and comes with and SD card (only 2GB, but they never used to with this either)! It seemed like a high quality phone in general. However, when I dug deeper, I noticed that a lot of features are missing and the phone is not an upgrade over my 500g AT ALL.1.  The call recorder is GONE. They removed the feature! I have looked everywhere, it simply does exist. The phone has a voice recorder, but that can't be used while you are in a call. This is feature is deal breaking for me. When I get calls with important information, I record them so everything is captured. I don't want to have to take notes (and it's not even always possible, like while driving) or miss something that is said. It's just not as efficient. My 500g had this, so why not the 840g!?2. They removed the previewing of new, unopened text messages. You must open them the whole way to see what they say now. On the 500g, it would show you a little bit, even before you opened it. This was so useful because it saved me minutes not having to open things like "OK" or "be there" or other really short things. Now you need to open every message to see what it says, even if it's just a dot. Put the feature back!3. The keyboard is never used by default, and for some forms of entry, completely missing. The only time the keyboard appears automatically is when sending text messages, otherwise the text entry mode is keypad, even when it makes no sense, like making notes. To switch to keyboard, it takes 3 clicks. It may not sound like much but if you plan to do any typing or text input it gets old fast. And if that wasn't bad enough, the keyboard is unavailable for places it seems necessary, like for typing Wi-Fi passwords, renaming files, and the calendar. Who is responsible for this!?4. When you put profile photos for contacts, it doesn't simply take them as - it requires you to crop the head out. The crop size is quite small even at the "largest" size, and it took 3 tries to get a single photo pic for a person because the original photo and even the phone's camera were making images that were too close to use. Ridiculous. I had to find a headshot that was really tiny in a large resolution picture. Way too much work for what should just be crop or use full image. I would even be ok with an aspect ratio change (which is what I think the 500g does). The phone also uses a square crop aspect ratio, which is odd because nobody has a square head. Either you chop off some hair or their neck in most cases.5. The camera is the same Tracfone low quality.  However, now you get 2 megapixels of it, not just 1. Seriously... no autofocus, no improvements? It looks like nothing was improved from previous generations.6. The "Call Reject" feature is missing as well. Previously you could block who calls you: all calls, those with no caller ID, unregistered, anybody in your contacts, or contacts from a group. Not anymore. What do we, as users, gain from this!?7. The fonts are kind of large, even at the small size, and almost ugly looking. I really don't appreciate them.8. Settings all over the place and somewhat sparse. I wish they were all consolidated in one place. They've also removed the Profile feature, which makes making changes to your ringtone volume and other common settings fast.9. The phone takes 30 seconds to start... it feels like molasses. It also prompts you when you turn it off, with no way to disable the prompt.I would never recommend this phone. It looks like an upgrade at first, but what kinds of upgrade cannibalizes past features!? Like my 500g, it's also an LG, so I expected some consistency. This is the usual Tracfone phone quality - feature phone with basics, but with the basics missing. A lot of these problems could be fixed with a software/firmware upgrade, but Tracfones don't have the ability to update themselves, and I doubt updates would ever get issued in the first place. This is their 3rd or 4th touch phone, and so far, TF can't get it right. I've heard complaints for the EX124g, the 800g, now this.Quick update to clarify some stuff too: I dug through everything. So when I say something is removed or gone, it simply is. The manual (like all Tracfones) is limited to begin with, so you're left to your own devices, and I really searched and searched. And I know this is not meant to be smartphone, so I'm not expecting the world, but I am expecting basic features to work well. I actually am the perfect candidate for Tracfone as I don't make many calls and plan to get a tablet for serious activity. But I'd still use my phone for the basics (and what if I someday forget my tablet or the battery dies?).

this phone seems to me as being sold &#34;under false prentences&#34;the wifi will not even connect to some hot spots ( error message  'web page to large to load&#34; )it is a cheap throw away phone and I cannot understand why a company like LG would even put their name on it

Very basic smartphone. Great clarity on the phone part.  This is a nice, intuitive phone to use.  Amazon offers a real on this phone with a year's worth of minutes.  The capacitive screen is nice.  It has a good window.  Texting is easy when the pone is hoizontal.  Would like bigger keys on the virtual keyboard.  The present keyboard is useable.  Texting is very economical - less than half a minute for a regular size text.  Good, inexpensive phone.  Have not tried internet.  Probably will not use internet.

Phone and most features were good or better than the 800G I replaced it with.  Disappointed that the blue ray would not pair up in my 2010 Ford Escape.

Works are voice record, video and picures.  LG website and Tracfone cover the specs not fancy but not bad. Cannot control number of rings on calls.  It is a good phone worth the money. Like Tracfone.

Excellent service, packaging was very good and the price was right.  Sounds like a winner to me.  The phone is OK too.  I just carry it for emergencies so no big detailed review on the phone itself.

One of the best phones I have bought and the price was great , i see the same phone for much higher prices!

I had been using Verizon contract phones for years. This is a lot expensive in retirement. This s not a Smart Phone, but it isn't dumb either. Has plenty of features. Only thing is, had to transfer address book manually.

This is a great prepaid cell phone.  It has all the features of a smart phone with out the 2 year contract and monthly bill.

Great phone!  Easy to use.  Offers messages regarding minutes that remain.  Very good ph0ne for the money!  Nice smaller size.

No service signal from my home, the range to reach a tower is short, there is a complex menu to get to the settings.

I couldn't clearly read the screen on this.  I requested a return and it was sent to me.  I'm 63 and my eyes aren't what they used to be.

Been using LG400 Tracfone with pull out keyboard and decided to go with touch screen because the LG400 has a terrible feature if a key is pressed and held, 911 is called. Happened twice so I'm switching. Overall, LG840G is a nice phone but I miss the feature of rotating the phone and having the screen go to landscape mode for all applications like my IPOD. Additionally to magnify the screen you can not touch expand, there is a icon to select to magnify the screen for each screen being viewed. In the browser a selection for landscape is available.  Also the on-screen, keypad doesn't come up when needed for data entry on WiFi browsing. The telephone keypad comes up and you must press buttons forever to enter data. WiFi works in a pinch but is difficult to navigate with no screen keyboard other than the telephone type keypad.  Screen visibility of web pages does not have resolution of smart phones.Texting is fine with the keyboard appearing in the landscape mode.  Having said these shortcomings. I must confess I have not used this phone exclusively yet so observations of limitations might change once the time expires on the LG400 and I begin using LG840 exclusively. So bottom line so far is: use as a phone is good, the auto shut down of the screen prevents 911 calling by accident, Texting is OK but lack of screen auto rotating to landscape and a screen keyboard for all apps is a real pain.

I had last years model LG  Trac Phone and I was either going to have to buy a year card for $99. Or just buy this newer phone for about the same price so of course this is a lot better deal.  I like this one a lot better, I activated it online and transferred my phone number and minutes I had left to this one. I also bought one for my hubby at the same time and had no problem activating , transferring numbers and minutes left over to the phones. I don't like the cases because they are slick so I ordered a couple of gel cases for them to make it easier to hold. The only problem I have had and I think I read the little book right, I took a picture on my phone and sent it to hubby's cell phone and he didn't get it so I don't know what the problem is with that. I set the speed dial numbers with no problem, I can't figure out if you can use a persons picture and set  it to show on the screen when they call, these might not do that though, not fancy enough.we really don't use cell phones much, mostly when we go out somewhere but  for the price, I really like them, can't beat this deal at all.

I bought this phone because it was inexpensive and I wanted a starter phone for my 11 year old daughter. Although the phone itself is fine you're out of luck if you ever lose it and try to call TracFone for help. They're useless! I called them to report it lost and to find out how many minutes were left on it (does not give you this info on your online account) because I would have bought another phone and transferred the minutes to it. After 30 minutes on the phone with them, getting nowhere, I decided I won't be buying from them again. Their &#34;procedure&#34; (if you can call it that), is to make you &#34;guess&#34; the number of minutes you had left, then they put you on hold multiple times while someone else approves or disapproves your guess. Huh?! I guessed 200 minutes (originally started at 100 but the agent told me to guess higher!) as I had no idea how many were left, since it was my daughter's phone. After the lengthy waiting period the agent came back and told me they would approve a transfer of that many (200) minutes to a new phone. I said what if I'd guessed higher and why can't they tell me exactly what's left? He said all they could do was approve/disapprove the guess. Basically, I could potentially have had 600 left (started with 1200, after all and was lost 7 months later) and they would have screwed me out of the extra 400 I had already paid for because I guessed too low - what a bunch of crooks!

I love this phone overall, cool music player, WiFi and awesome minutes. Except for one big problem. He battery only lasts a day, weather you use it or not. I rarely use my 840g but its ALWAYS dead. Big dissapointment.

I like this phone but the sound is not good and my voice sounds garbled to other people.  I can not hear people when they call me and they can't hear me.  I think the service carrier is not good in this area.

A nice phone for the price especially. It has a camera, a convenient contact page where you can put pictures of your contacts, can download music( but wil have to get the USB cord separate), and holds a charge over a week. Highly recommend unless you need something more along the lines of a smart phone.

I don't use much on browsing but Gmail. Phone signal is perfect but hard to even select &#34;Gmail&#34;, log in, and can't even remember my gmail account name and password like LG800. I'd thought that LG840 must be better than LG800 because it is newer model; but, it is the opposite when it comes to using Gmail account. Without thinking about ?30 day return, I tried to login to gmail for about 7 times from time to time. Besides, I don't use much browsing/gmail; unless, I am waiting for urgent message or to send. By the time, I realized that it is not the signal or the way I using and wrote to seller for return, replace, &/or credit. I guess it was few days over from the 30 day return limitation. Seller denied my return/replace/credit request which they have the right to deny for few days over the return limit date. I can send the phone back to the dealer with new SIM card like new so, dealer doesn't have any problem. Seller could have send me LG800 with triple min, without 1200 min, & credit me difference or store credit for my next purchase because, I will buy another one within a year. ay return limitation. Another option I wroted to the Seller was that the Seller doesn't need send me LG800 and I will send back their LG840 and all Seller has to do credit back the difference in dollar amount between LG840 & LG800 and I send it LG840 back with new SIM car to dealer at my expense. Seller just denied everything. I'm the bad one because I requested the return/replace/credit after 3 - 5 ?days? over?I even tried use pentip from other phone and still impossible to select and login to Gmail. Dealer sells the reasonable price for the tracfone LG800. Because, I don't like to return &#34;phone&#34; especially &#34;SIM' issue & I tried too hard and about 3 day bit too long to decide to return. I spent extra expense for an extra battery. I'm So Disappointed in the Dealer how the Seller dealt with my case.

Easy phone to use.  Has a lot of useful features.  All in all a great phone for someone who doesn't need a smart phone and doesn't spend all of their time talking on the telephone!  Works for me.

My wife has had a Tracfone for years. I've been with Verizon longer, but in our later years, and on the least expensive plan, don't need all the bells and whistles.I got them for less with this phone....my semi-smart phone, I do like it!

Glad I purchased. Had a basic tracfone and wanted more of a smart phone for my back up phone

This replaced the 800G for TracFone I'd had for 2 years and shows some improvement. It is still not a &#34;smart&#34; phone but can get me to my email or other sites online. It's 3G but we have poor reception out here in the sticks! Overall a pretty good affordable little cell phone.

Purchased this phone LG840G to replace a lost LG800G. the LG840G was supposed to be an upgrade.  Made a call to friend in TN 550 miles away- it was a disaster poor sound ,crackling ect. The LG800G had no problem,sorry I went for the upgrade. Texting is almost impossible keyboard is to sensitive.

Needed a new phone at a lower rate than Verizon. Need was more for saving money since I am not a heavy cell phone user and Verizon with taxes was $52 per month. Just a great quality connection and sound phone. Setup was simple, transfer of my Verizon number to Tracfone was simple and FREE as super quick. Added an additional 32 gig memory card for MP3 music files.To be clear, this is not an iPhone with a universe of apps and features. Navigation is clean and simple, exactly what I wanted. I do not text, send/recieve email or send/receive files; but the phone can do all that easily. Bluetooth setup is easy and automatic. Wireless setup is easy and automatic - I use my home network otherwise you pay for TracFone wireless. MP3 music files played well with good sound quality.Customer service - I experienced very little wait time on the phone and emails were answered by Tracfone calling me back on my internet phone number. Overall customer service for my needs was very good and i could understand what the service rep was saying.Drawbacks1. Tracfone lacks features such as Call Forwarding, that I used to use a lot. I would forward calls from my Verizon phone to my internet phone as I travel internationally.2. You must use your Tracfone to check your voicemail, you cannot call your phone from another phone, press #, enter password; to listen to messages.3. Phone reads .txt (text) files but oddly, sometimes it has problems. I used Notepad to create .txt files to store addresses and other information, then copied the files to the &#34;Other&#34; directory. Sometimes &#34;Format not supported&#34; error message comes up.4, Comes with a small set of ringtones but you have to purchase any additional ones from Tracfone.Overall, I am saving $500+ per year over Verizon so I can live with a few less features. At some point Tracfone is likely to add more onto this phone.

I bought this for the capacitive touch screen and like it a lot.  One drawback, however is that it indexes your contacts by First name rather than last.  I found this to be a bit unconventional at best.  My workaround was to switch first and last names, entering first for last and last for first.  Otherwise, a better choice than the 800G!

For roughly $100-bucks I have 3600 minutes (60 hours) of domestic and/or international talking time. The network is great for my location and places to which I travel. Plus, if I should run low, more time can be purchased by phone, online, or at any Radio Shack, Walmart, etc.Beats those monthly variable bills, hands down.

I have used tracfone service for years and have had good service and reliable phones. I really appreciate triple minutes.

I recently lost an old tracfone Nokia 2600 that worked as it should.  I bought a replacement LG840G thru tracfone.  After much aggrevation with 'customer support'(barf) I got the minutes & number transferred.  However, I now have 'No Service' in areas where the Nokia worked well.  In addition, the screen blanks out after 60 seconds (I guess its supposed to do that) and I can not receive any calls.  Not even in an area with coverage.  Looking at my account on the web, the new phone is active.  I thought calls should be received unless the phone is turned off.  Does anyone have any helpful suggestions?  Rather than raise my blood pressure with customer service, I will throw the thing out, lose my costs, and get another company.

This is a very good phone for what we use it for,  The phone looks good in the tuff case we got for it and it works well.

the size is a great fit for your hand not at all cumbersome i love all the functions sound is strong and clear

However, it is not a smart phone, and those of you who buy it believing it is, forget it. It's just not-so-dumb.  It does run tons of useful apps, though a little slow on some of them.

I bought this for my mom and for the price and basic features, I really like this phone. Unfortunately the screen resolution is so low to net surf anything, almost useless with maps(I can only read the street direction but picture is garbage). I believe the screen is only 320x240 res. I'd switch from my Android to this in a heartbeat if it has 800x600 res. and faster processor. I believed this operating off AT&T network. Check Tracfone web-site for signal strength before order. The phone I got from this vendor is actually has 1260min/15 month, cool. Very easy to set up. During set-up processes it'll redirect to different site/server for completion, make sure to click &#34;yes&#34;. This phone and 1yr plan is great for children with less than $10 budget for cellphone.

I have had my lg840 for 6 months now and am not liking it as much as when I first received it.  It puts itself into such a deep sleep that I have to pull the battery to wake it up.  It's reception has also diminished, 2 weeks ago I could get texts in my office immediately and now, I don't get messages for hours after they were sent.  I have done the hard shut off and turn back on process without improved results.  It is quite sad, I was so excited for the upgrade and if it didn't have the triple minutes, I would probably go back to my previous lg phone.

Well after reading many reviews for this phone and looking at 2 other phones for consideration and taking several days before deciding I did decide to go with the LG 840G phone and I am so glad that I did. I love, love, love this phone.  It is everything that I wanted and more.  One review said that the phone was slick and easy to drop but I have not noticed that I am however still going to buy a case just to add color though.  It has a camera, video and recorder, voicemail etc.  The touchscreen is amazing and easy to use.  The phone as many features and I am still learning how to use some of them.  I went online and activated my phone and changed my number over from my old phone to my new phone with no problems at all.  Something I did learn though is that if you have less then 10 minutes tracfone will not transfer those minutes but I did get 30 minutes so I didn't lose out on any minutes I got extra minutes and extra days added also.  I did not have any problems at all getting everything set up.  I don't know if I can transfer my contacts or not or if I have to enter them again but either way I don't have many so that's not a problem for me but it may be for some.  My phone is just for emergencies and for my husband and mom to get a hold of me and texting is for my friends.  My voicemail transferred over so I didn't have to set that up again.  My thumbs are a little fat so texting is a little bit slower for me but it would of been the same with a keypad and not a touchscreen.  The phone arrived on the day I was told that it would by UPS.  I would order from this seller again.  Amazon is a amazing place to shop and I have started shopping there a lot.  I have found there prices to be mostly cheaper on things and a lot of things with free shipping or low shipping.  Some of the reviews I read didn't give this phone as many stars as I did but lets remember folks this is a tracfone with no contract not a smartphone.  If you want a smartfone then you need to get a smartphone but if you are looking for something to make calls and text etc. easy with no contract this is a great phone.  I have not tried to check emails or anything like that yet to see how that works as I am low on minutes and am getting ready to buy more from Amazon.  I almost went with a slider but am so glad that I went with this one instead.  I am going to buy a larger GB Micro chip for recording and also a USB cable so I can just connect my phone to the USB cable and then to the computer to upload my video's.  Even though you don't have to take the battery out to get to the chip you do still have to remove the cover and why bother when you can get a cable online from Amazon for $2.89 and free shipping.  I am also going to buy a protective cover to keep the face from getting scratched.  Again why not when you can get 5 of them for $6.50 and free shipping.  Better than replacing your phone because of scratches.  Tracfone minutes are also cheaper online even though you have to pay shipping.  I have found everything that I want at Amazon cheaper than Walmart or anywhere else.  One stop shopping.  This phone may not please everyone but you know the saying you can't please everyone but this phone does please me.  I can't say enough good things about Tracfone for selling this type of phone and the seller who sells it shopcelldeals and Amazon.  They all have pleased me.  I hope that this review will help someone else who is looking to buy a tracfone.  The reviews that I read helped me a lot to make my decision. Also the price is so reasonable $39.99 and the triple minutes are great also.

I use TracFone because I don't use a cell phone very often.I don't want a $40.00 bill every month for a phone I have mainly for emergency's. TracFone is the low cost alternative to high cell phone prices. This LG840G phone tripples every minute you purchase for the phone. Buy a 40 minute card and this phone tripples it to 120 minutes. You can talk, text and access the internet with this phone. It has a great little camera for taking pictures and making movies. What more can you ask for? I paid $24.99 for this great touch screen phone on Amazon! Now that is a bargain!

I have the white one, which is the same phone, and its very good. I dropped it from a second story deck and it hit the concrete below. the only thing that happened was that it got a scuff on it. the WiFi works great! the internet is faster than my 4.0 android tablet. but the speed on the internet depends on your area and WiFi provider. reminds me of a android smartphone. it has wifi, mp3 player, apps and games, screen widgets, 3mp camera and video recorder, calendar, tools, 3g network, etc. I LOVE the capacitive screen. capacitive screen means that the screen only works with your fingers to make it more precise. no more pressure screens that only work with your nail. the only thing I don't like is that the screen doesn't rotate when you turn the phone on its side. I got used to not having that feature and it still supports fun games like uno, asphalt racing, card games, fruit ninja, etc. games that don't require movement of the phone. overall its pretty awesome and amazing for the price. I recommend it for people who don't text and call a lot. after all it is a tracfone, which is pay as you go. you get 4 text per minute. really good product! I hope this helped.

Met expectations easy to use gave as a gift  and person who received phone was very pleased with the product.

It was as described and shipped very fast.  I guess it is what is called a &#34;smart phone&#34;.  I have always had a flip phone with the basics.  This is a very easy phone to learn to use (it must be I'm using it).  My wife wants one now!!  So far I'm very happy with it.

When I first got the phone, it worked great. No issues at all. Now, a couple of months later, I get the No Service notice more and more frequently. At first removing and re-inserting the battery after a bit worked. Now it does nothing.I went to Tracphone's help forum to seek assistance and that was a complete waste of time. As I was waiting for (no) answers, I read through the posts made by other people with the same phone. It appears the LG 480 has a history of starting off fine then completely drops the ball.I hate to go back to a contract commitment but I need a reliable phone and service which this one lacks.

Still learning how to use, but I like the larger screen and battery life seems very good so far, my previous LG 800G fell and broke, but is taped together and working.

Audio was bad.  You could not hear the phone ring, could not hear the person talking to you.  Called Tracfone 4 times.  Problem was not solved.  I have discarded this phone and bought a different one.

Purchased this phone for my daughter who really loves it.  A full year of minutes + triple minutes for life is a great bonus.  Wifi connectivity means she can use a lot of the features and apps from home or in a wifi spot at no cost in minutes, which I love.  Leaves all her minutes for actual phone calls when on the go or for those rare moments when she might need to check or send a text while she's out and about or use the internet for some quick information.  Has a nice camera, a simm card and takes a micro sdhc card whch makes the memory expandable.  Holds music, photos, contacts and much more.  You really do get quite a bank for your buck with this phone.  Only reason I rated it a 4 stars instead of 5 stars is that it's java based instead of regular android so the app choices are limited to java based apps.  But as I said, my teen daughter loves it and it has all the things she needs on it.

The Fone was pretty easy to setup.It took about 25 minutes for the phone to register.Got the 2650 Minutes (400+400)X3+250 Minutes bonus package.The Wifi works over Encrypted network.The response seems fast enough for mobile web site.Not tried the bluetooth.Will write more once have used it for a while.It did say the sim card was not working at one point, but thats when I powered it off and came up registered.I did used 16 minutes of time setting up voice mail.But this phone is for someone who does not use a phone that much.The Wi-fi should be helpful.

happy with the fone . but unhappy with the apps that are supposed to be on here for customer use

this phone is good for the triple mins. no android ability, cannot up load photos to computer. Does not stay on long .you have to turn it on everytime you want to use it. it's not like a normal cell youcan just set on the table and it stays on and you answer, this seems to go off tile it rings, if that, sometimes no rings and i dont know a call has come til i check, otherwise good for the triple mins, and very basic needs, especially if you want to up grade from the flip style. also when you try to check and listen to your messages, you have to put in your pin # then it asks to press 1 to listen once u leave your check to press 1 then return to listen it somehow reads your cheek as a press off another number, so you have to enter ur pin, wait to put it back to ur cheek, then press 1 so u dont get it thinking youput in another #  took long to arrive

In the world of prepaid phones Tracfone stacks up to be the best. Although their customer service can be somewhat of a challenge, the end result is usually satisfactory. The LG840G, while certainly NOT an iPhone or equivalent, nonetheless has key applications built in and is easy to use and dependable. Altogether it is an excellent value. If your needs are limited in scope (ie email, news, weather, messaging, etc.) then this is a very good alternative to the major smartphones on the market.

First Off, I am not New to Tracfone. I have had this phone before. The reason I stopped using it was I went to an Android phone. I found myself turning into one of those zombies staring at their phone all day. Back to the Basic Phone! This tracfone is touch screen and the Touch screen responds very well. It comes with a 2gb memory card. I have put music on it and it works very well as an MP3 plater. I like the size of this phone. It fits well in my hand and slips into a small phone case as well. I have found the battery life to be very good on this also. This Phone has Wifi too, In other words, surf the web, say, if you go to a coffeeshop that has wifi and not use your minutes! Free is always good! I was able to get my gmail on here as well. Use the POP setting for your mail or it will keep giving you an error. I bought a case for the phone too right here on Amazon. If you want a very good basic phone and want to sort of &#34;Upgrade for the standard Basic phone, then give this a try. It's very easy and fun to use!

Bought it to ungrade another lg phone.  This one is a keeper.  Works great with Tracfone.  Have had no problems and is very easy to use.  Highly recommend it.

I had a LG800 G and loved it, I dropped it and it quit working. I ordered the 840 for a replacement but wish now that I sayed with the LG800.

Needed a replacement phone quickly after mine died. What I found was a great buy (new, in wrapper), everything as advertised and received within 3 days with free shipping. Thanks!

Bought this daughter loved it. It was such a nice phone it was stolen. Daughter was sad but saving up to buy a new one because she liked it so well. She was able to phone us for school purposes and even use texting to stay in contact with friends. Loves the fact of all the extras as far as memory cards ,photos and such. Definitely worth buying.

This has so many more features than my older LG.  It is much more intuitive, has a larger screen.  Texting keypad is larger and considerably easier to use.  I am thrilled with the upgrade and plan to use my older LG for a backup address book.  It needs no activation to do this, just need to keep it charged.

Good beginner phone.  Good camera.  Great deal.  You get a year's minutes plus the phone for much less than purchasing separately.

I am very pleased with the LG 840G phone and it is more than I expected. It is much easier to use than my old flip phone.I do not need a phone to do more than this one and the price was very good at Amazon.

Met all expectations.  Easy  to use.  If you don't need all the bells and whistles of an I phone and the expense of same,This is the phone for you.  Basic talk text and wireless internet access is all I need.

Great phone, easy to use, lightning fast re-charge. Could use Swype or a better way to enter text but overall an excellent deal!

good and loud ring and good speaker phone 3g and wifi works like i want has 3or more bars most time

Works well at a very good price.  Compact, robust, easy to use and triple minutes.  Nothing more I can say.

It is definitely a good deal for the money you spent. I should give it a five-star rating. Good quality phone too.

This arrived on time and as described, but I have had a lot of trouble getting a signal.  It has just spontaneously shut off a couple of times when fully charged, but other than that, it seems to be okay.

My husband lost this phone in the snow. It was buried for a week and a half. When the snow melted, we found it and it still worked! The battery was low, but it was as good as new! It must have a super water tight seal!

Tracfone is horrible!  I never was able to get Tracfone to switch my phone number to this phone.  When I spoke to customer service at Tracfone they all spoke the English language but could not understand any of the words and meanings!  After countless call to Tracfone customer service over 3 months I just bit the bullet and paid for a Sprint phone which is what I should have done in the first place.  This phone and company is completely horrible.  Avoid both at all costs.  I wish I could give them negative stars.  Perhaps give them devil tritens?

I purchased an LG 840G directly from Tracfone and the description blared in bold red letters that it was a triple minute phone. When I spent $200 adding minutes to the phone, they were not tripled. I called Tracfone and they said it was not a triple minute phone!!! Their customer support person refused to even address how the phone was described at the time of purchase. She just kept repeating that it was not a triple minute phone. Having not used a single minute of the time I purchased, I asked to have that transaction canceled. She refused, insisting that it could not be done.

I don't really have anything negative to say about this phone, and the triple minutes for life feature rocks.  However, it is NOT an android, which is more of what I wanted.  Oh well, it works for a cheap way of having a cell phone to use, and it has enough features to make it convenient.  The wi-fi feature is nice if you're somewhere where you can access a free site.  Saves you on your minutes.

This new capacitive screen makes it extremely difficult to text because it is so inaccurate. I'm not sure if you can calibrate the screen (If I could maybe I could edit this review) but as of now this phone is incredibly frustrating to use. I have it set to use the QWERTY style keyboard in just about every setting I could find. I still manage to have about a 40% error rate when trying to text. The only thing that works is trying to use my pinky to text and I have to use a small edge of it to have accuracy. My fingers are thin too.If this phone makes it difficult to text it is almost useless to me.

For a java phone, this is really nice and a big upgrade over the LG 800G. The capacitive screen, BT and WiFi all work great for me.-EDIT-I love everything about this phone except for the reception. I live in a rural area. My previous phone was an LG 800G and it worked great. In the exact same location, this phone almost always reads "no service". As a result I've lowered my score from 5 stars to 2. If you live in a strong signal area, the LG 840 should do a good job for you. But if you live in a low-signal area, be prepared for frustration from a nice little phone that doesn't work most of the time.

Love the touch screen with icons, makes finding things simple.  The triple minutes are GREAT!  This phone is for those who want a phone with texting.  It's not a computer and shouldn't be used as one, but if you should ever be in a bind and need internet access, you have it.  It makes me feel safer when on the road.  Transporting my old # was nice also.  I did that on line.

I can't use the phone as it did not come with a sim card.  This information was not given when I purchased the phone.

This is an excellent phone for what I was looking for. It has provided excellent reception and voice clarity.I use less that a 100 minutes a month so it is savings me compared to Verizon.

I hate this LG phone (I would give the LG phone just one star) ... it dials previous number without me &#34;really' wanting to do ... but Tracfone service is good (I would give it 5 stars)

my daughter couldn't get applets, couldn't access sites like skype and tumbr. essentially if i couldn't  use it as a phone it would have been a waste of money

the phone only works at my house.  Everywhere else I have no service.  Sometimes when I turn it on it says &#34;SIM card failed&#34;.  Then when I try to go back, it only directs me to call 911.I can't scroll down my contacts without constantly clicking on them and opening them.

This is probably the best answer to those that want some capabilities of a smart phone with very little of the expense.  Due to the large number of features., there will be a learning period.  The phone has a relatively reliable on/off system, which should mean few &#34;pocket caused&#34;  phone  mis-dials..  My spouse has this same phone, and although not a &#34;tekkie&#34;,  It is also easy to use for her also.  This phone cost $29.00. and will cost me $7.00 per month.  How much does a &#34;smart phone&#34; cost the typical user?  Triple minutes for life is also a plus with this model.  I have NEVER had a call dropped by my trac phone service.

This is really a great deal. At best buy, it costs $50 for the phone and $100 for the card. This package saves you a lot of money on a fairly decent phone. The lg840g is not an iphone, make no mistake, it does not have a mainstream appstore and has a 4:3 aspect ratio. However, for a prepaid phone without an embezzling contract it is fairly good. The mp3 player works well as does the web browser for most things. The phone charges by the second, not by the minute and only a .3 minute charge per text, making it very cheap, aproximately 7 cents a minute and 2 cents per text. The triple minute benefit that is described on the box is completely real and does actually triple the minutes making this phone a better value as opposed to buying one of the cheaper tracfones. Overall great product for the money.

It is a very nice product, easy to use. This phone is for my wife and she is not a heavy user. It works well for her.

What That Means Up To 13 Days Standby? Last About 4 Days. Only Few Minutes Talk.(Talk Time Up To 3.7 Hours).Maybe defect Battery.

Phone didn't have service in my area. Not knowing much about cell phones I didn't realize that I needed to get one with a C instead of a G... Other than  that the phone was great but I gave it to my sister because it works in her area.

By far the best Tracfone I have purchased.  Almost a smart phone and uses 3G  Simple to operate.  Would buy again..

Easy to use, A nice size, great price!  Not a true smart phone but has most of the features.  A good all around phone for most of your needs.

I have had tracfone service for many years. I didn't want to give up my flip phone, but I am glad I did.I love the features on this phone. It is not as high tech as some people want, but it is great for me!

Got this for my 9 year old for her 10th birthday to see how she does with a phone and for the price, we think it's perfect.

This is great as a basic phone when you don't need anything fancy.  I bought it for my 12 year old and it's great.  Obvioulsy he'd prefer a smartphone like an iphone but he only needs this for emergencies and unlike his friends with iphones, he's not plugged into it  all the time.

Bought this for my senior mother. Good size icons so she can see them. Easy to navigate the screens. Great that it will give her triple minutes for life. Bad that TracFone has no games or apps available on their site and there seems to be no other way to get games or apps. Just wanted some simple games for her to play while she's at the doctor or traveling, but TracFone site says &#34;Sorry, we are updating this area. Try again later.&#34; Otherwise it seems to be perfect for her needs.

I use cell to call overseas,my family and friends,rates are great.I would recommend to others having family/friends overseas.Go for it.

I've been using tracfones for several years and this is the best one so far.  I love the Wifi capability and the email program.  The browser is somewhat limited, but functional for simple pages.  The camera will give you decent photos in good lighting.  It has programs for music, calendar, video, calculator, etc.  The touch screen is good too!

The hardest aspect to this phone is interacting with TracPhone Customer Service. However, the LG 840G is perfect for the average cell phone user. It receives calls, makes calls, accesses voicemail, text messages, Bluetooth, wifi, etc.and probably a whole lot more that I haven't found or don't need. One negative for me is call volume... even at it's highest setting... I can't hear it and have to use the speaker phone to hear conversations.

As noted in previous comments, when you take out of pocket it turns on or off too easily.  Also, could not find a way to turn off vibrate.  Other than that, phone apppears to work OK.  Pretty simple to set up with tracphone.  Suppier was fast  on delivery.  Saves me a lot of money per month just for a phone for emg. use.

This was a fine product, for about 4 weeks, then the on/off button didn't work.  Now we can't turn it on at all and, of course, the 30 day return window expired!

If you currently use a TracFone with a &#34;C&#34; after it don't buy this. You will be on roaming in your current home area and the browser and data usage features don't work. Your screen will say check call restrictions 36. Tracfone says it will work on their site under our zip code but it won't without roaming because we are in a CDMA Verizon area.

Unfortunately, I  have to send this product back because I could not increase the call volume.  It was set to the highest volume and yet even my audiologist could not hear it.  company was very understanding and I am now awaiting a replacement.  Supplier was excellent. I had to send to manufacturer for instructions on how to use phone as the ones in the package were minimal.  but phone performed well otherwise. Picture taking easy, messaging easy, calling ok.

now there was no way i could go wrong with this item, that i also purchased through you. as soon as it arrived through the mail i was on my computer getting it hooked up & activated in no time.. thanx!!!!

I moved up from the LG 800G to this LG 840G, and it was a good move.  I just want a phone with, well, a phone; it's nice to have a camera, and I've found I like Bluetooth, too.  But I wasn't looking for an Internet wizard or online game center or movies in my pocket.  This fits the bill nicely.  It's got a bigger screen than the LG 800G, the touch action is more precise, and the battery life is much better.  I've never owned a high-end phone like the IPhone or a tricked-out Samsung -- and I've never paid that much, either.  This is a good communication machine.

The phone I got from Shopcelldeals.com does not work.Sim card rejected. I tried another Micro Sim card and it still doesn't work. Maybe it is LG at fault and maybe they shouldn't be selling this piece of crap.

If you are already a Tracfone user and buy the one year 400 minute card this is a no brainer. For $9.00 more you get a new phone and 1200 minutes.

I am new to prepaid phone so I still have a lot to learn about how it all work. I purchased the LG 840G to upgrade from the LG I was using. This is a small phone, user friendly I especially like the contacts page where I can put the ones I call the most and not have to go through the entire contacts to find the number I need to call. I have always been a fan of LG phones so I have no dislikes about the phone. The camera takes great pictures in different modes and the color is great. The battery stay charged a long time I usually have to charge it once a week. But keep in mind I am not a big mobile phone user. Over all I think the more I use it and learn about it I am really going to enjoy having this LG.

This keeps the cops hiring! The LG840 dials the E911 C O N S T A N T L Y! You butt dial it, it seems the E911 finger spot for emergency is extra sensitive and I've called them over 12 times in one week! This FEATURE IS FOOLISH!

It is good for making calls and to go onto the internet through WiFi. I still need to figure out the best ways to get the right apps from other places than TracFone themselves, but that should be OK as well. Only the responsiveness of the screen is sometimes a bit &#34;lame&#34;. I would say that is the only flaw. Considering that the phone with minutes for one year cost about the same as just minutes for a year it is a pretty good deal.

I like the phone. Texting is much easier, but my daughter said it &#34;sounds like Your in a tunnel&#34;. when I call her.

I am able to save  $528.00 a year by dropping my plan with T moblie, the best part is this tracfone is better or just as good as most top of the line smart phones. Triple minutes for life, do the math...

My verizon phone for retired people is a better phone/program.

Upgraded from lg800. This phone is a huge upgrade of the 800. The touch screen is more like a smart phone, and much easier to use. The one con is that there is no qwerty entry for contacts. The delivery was timely, and the triple minutes was no problem. With the triple minutes,you are basically paying $15 for the phone,1200 minutes and delivery.I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a basic touchscreen semi smart phone.

has many good features, touch screen, didnt want a smart phone easy to text on an read text make calls also easy

If you like this one great for you but I found it frustrating to connect to public wifi. I felt like I had to jump through hoops and At 64 I decided to try another phone. I got an android and so far it is easier for me  to connect to wifi and I don 't have to move the page all over to search the web.

I like it. I'm not a very sophisticated phone user...just want to make and receive calls, This does much more than I use it for, but, it does make and receive call very well.

Nice inexpensive phone. Perfect for beginner . I bought this for my daughter to see if she will be able to handle having a cell.

Great phone. Very easy activation and transfer of number from Verizon. Easy Blue Tooth from hands free setup in our cars as well. Only thing that was a little inconvenient was contact entry but I think we could have somehow managed to transfer contacts from Verizon phone before deactivation of their service. Completed activation in less than 1/2 hour. Super value. Bought another one for my wife. Since we both use phones infrequently (less than 20 and 90 minutes a month respectively) we estimate Verizon savings of about $800-900 a year. This phone and service is a no brainer. Our friends saw phones yesterday and they expect to order them this week.

I like it so far, it does everything I want to do.  For the price & the triple minutes I think it is great.

don't set your expectations too high, this is not a smartphone. it serves its purpose though and is a triple minute phone.

The phone is great for calls and text, and has 3G and WiFi. But the down fall internet is too basic. Adding numbers is alot of work, typing numbers and names lots and lots of work. Needs a software update to make typing contact easier. Internet typing is easier.

You first have to understand, this was my first phone upgrade since my $10 dollar Net 10 from several years ago. With the Net 10  phone I had, basically all I did was talk. I did not want to invest the money necessary to get the phone with all the current bells and whistles and the LG 840G was just what I wanted. I am completely satisfied with the product. This goes back to the theory that tells us we get what we pay for and I totally agree with this belief. So read what it offers and decide if this will suit your needs and depend on the LG to provide what they say. I have another Net 10 expiring the last of January, 2014 and will be purchasing another Tracfone. It has good reception and the standby and talk time are great. And no I do not have any financial ties with this company.

My soon-to-be ten-year-old kid has been begging me for an iPhone since one of her friends got one for her birthday. That idea went out the window when I thought of how many times kids drop things and how expensive it would ultimately be. So we went with this. She loves it and is cautious with her minutes.The thing is cute, and while not a smart phone, it's pretty clever. She loves the alarm settings with animated clock, the alerts, and the ability to take pictures and even surf the web. The WiFi sealed the deal.It's built like a Mac truck, and I can count at least three times she's dropped it to prove it. (We are waiting for the case from an Amazon retailer.)The amount of minutes left show up on the screen, but not obnoxiously so. It's easy to use your own photos for wallpaper and for ID'ing friends in the contacts. For the price and features, you really can't go wrong for a first phone.

Can't beat the price or quality of this cell phone for use with Tracfone.  Lots of nice options and triple minutes make it a best buy.

It got to me on time and I haven't used it much, I have use these folks before and will again.

I like this phone and as a low-use, low-cost &#34;emergency&#34; phone, I think it will work very well for me.  It seems to have good signal strength (AT&T towers) in my area and I like the WiFi feature for checking out the features requiring the internet (without using prepaid minutes).  The manual can be downloaded from the internet but is missing a lot of information.  Luckily I was able to find answers on the internet forums or Amazon reviews.  I also like that the phone is small and light weight.  However the downside is the screen is quite small so the image from weather radar (one of my primary uses when accessing the internet) is very tiny and low-resolution.  Also many of the keys on internet screens are so small that they are difficult to select with my large fingers, requiring several &#34;pushes&#34; to register.  I agree with other reviewers who have mentioned that text messages come in with only a few letters of the message displayed so it is difficult to decide whether to open the message (and use up prepaid minutes) or discard them.  Overall, this is a good phone for emergencies with the bonus of internet access again for emergencies.  But the screen and keys are too small for regular internet &#34;surfing&#34;.

With the simm card reception was terrible.50 Percent of the calls couldn't hear me.Tracfone provided me with a slider  lg 505c phone with no simm card and  haven't had a problem......

Upgraded from the LG800 to this 840G.  My son likes this phone a lot better.  Easy set up and transfer.  So far so good.  WiFi does just fine.  No issues as of yet.  Remember to search around for promo codes to add bonus minutes when activating the airtime card. We found a code online which added 250 bonus minutes to the included 1 year 400 min (triple minutes=1200) service, which gave him 1450 min upon card activation.  :)  Nice deal!

I bought this to upgrade my first tracfone, a Motorola flip-phone, that I had owned for over six years. I love my old phone but figured it was time for a change. So far I am satisfied with my purchase.

Its okay i got it for Christmas and well i don't like it that much the Internet is not th best it could be better

This phone will often give me a no service notice when least expected.  It could be because it's an AT&T provider in my area.  If I had to do it over again, I'd just go with one of Tracfone's new Android phones.  In my area the Androids use Verizon which is much stronger a signal here.  Be sure and check the Tracfone website to be sure this phone will work in your zip code.  This phone is cumbersome with the internet feature - it's not worth the hassle, but the phone, texting and other features are fine (when you can get a signal).

Well, it really is a smartphone, just not quite as impressive as the I phone.  It does every thing I need a phone to do, and more.  Why would you want to pay more?

I brought this for my grandson. He doesn't like it because he said that he can't get good apps. I'll get him something else. Young kids today want fancy phones.

You can take photos but you can't send them anywhere because they are larger than the network will allow you to send. It has an MP3 player but it doesn't work with Mac OS so I can't get the music on to the player or the photos off. The technical details don't state this. Neither does the information that comes in the box with the phone.  You have to download the long version of the User Guide and search. The cord to connect it to your computer is also not included. On the bright side; it is not very expensive, the phone works and you can text messages.

Phone is a definite improvement over my previous LG800.  It was simple to transfer my number from my old phone using the Tracfone website but I did have to call them to get my previous minutes restored.  Contacts transferred easily using Bluethooth.  Phone is very intuitive to use.  Buy this phone using Amazon's bundle with one year of service and 1200 minutes and the phone like getting an almost free upgrade.  I definitely recommend this phone with this bundle.

I have been a long time Virgin Mobile user since I only needed a phone for emergencies. My daughter arrived last year and as a result my cellphone usage slightly went up but still not high enough to justify a contract phone with the monthly bills. My wife has a company IPhone and from time to time I do envy her ability to get online just about anywhere. Too bad that tracfone doesn't offer a smartphone, and the LG 840g is probably the closest that they have.I bought this phone for $99 from Amazon with the 1200 minute package, with the additional 250 minutes coupon code (obtained directly from tracfone's own website) this is a very good deal. Considering normally the 400 minute time card would cost you $99 (this is a triple-minute phone, hence the 1200 min), I basically got the phone for free.After having played with the phone for a few days, here are my findings. First the positives:1) In terms of functionality, this is just what I am looking for. Long standby time, touch screen, a web browser that I can use to check some info when needed, an email client, and the optional Google Maps app, a good-enough camera/camcorder. Nothing fancy, but something that does the job in a pinch.2) The phone has a high-quality feel to it. People will believe you if you tell them it's one of those Android smartphones, unlike the previous prepaid phones that I had, which all looked low-cost.3) I have managed to install the signed (and touch-enabled) versions of UC Browser, Opera Mini 4.4 and 5.1 (7.1 is too sluggish), and Google Maps. All apps run fullscreen without the virtual keypad. The trick is to download the signed jar and jad file, and append to the JAD file the following linesNokia-MIDlet-No-Exit: trueNokia-MIDlet-On-Screen-Keypad: noMIDlet-Touch-Support: trueUseNativeTextButtons: hideReverseSoftkeys: hideUseNativeCommands: hideNavi-Key-Hidden: trueMIDlet-ScreenMode: ROTATEMIDlet-Landscape-Support: trueLGE-MIDlet-Width: 320LGE-MIDlet-Height: 480LGE-MIDlet-On-Screen-Keypad: noLGE-MIDlet-Display-Mode: bothLGE-MIDlet-TargetLCD-Height: 320LGE-MIDlet-TargetLCD-Width: 480LGE-MIDlet-Indicator: HIDESave, copy both to the phone via data cable or bluetooth, use File Manager to browse and install JAD file. Everything works beautifully.4) Putting music/video/photos on the phone is as straightforward as copying to directories once you connect the phone to the PC using a microusb data sync cable. The included 2G microsd is plenty for my usage.Now a few minor downsides:1) The qwerty keyboard is not enabled everywhere---I wanted the qwerty keyboard in a touch screen phone. I understand the rationale since the screen resolution is relatively low and a T9 keyboard would result in bigger buttons. But Opera mini 7.1 can display a full qwerty keyboard even in the portrait orientation just fine, so it's certainly doable. At least I would have preferred an option to use the qwerty keyboard by default every time, even if it means switching to landscape mode2) 3G speed is hit-and-miss depending on where you are. At my home I get usable speed, at my office it's too slow. But I don't consider that a reflection on the phone, but rather on AT&T;, which is my local tracfone carrier.3) Unlocking the phone is a two-step process, which I don't like. You have to first press a button and then swipe to unlock. Again I understand the rationale, but the unlock button is very small and almost flush, so it's rather unlikely that you will press the button while it's in your pocket. Again, an option would be nice here.4) The phone disconnects wifi when you are not using it to save battery. Therefore, when you unlock it, you should wait for the wifi icon to show up before you try to use any internet features, otherwise you'd be paying with your tracfone minutes.UPDATE 1: having had the phone for a month now, I am glad to say that my impression hasn't changed. I actually used its 3G capability twice in the past month, in both cases it worked just fine. BTW, tracfone seems to charge your 3G usage by transfered data volume, not by how long you stay online. UC Browser is now my browser on this phone, much better than the default browser client, which was very limited. For those who want to install a signed fullscreen copy of it, here is my packaged file that you can use:[...]download, unpack, copy both files to your phone, then install the JAD file.

This should be included with a code from Amazon to indicate the award of triple minutes. Otherwise, the product is fine and delivery as faster than expected.

It's a good phone but a little too sensative screen.At times get wrong messages from people i don't know, probably from previous person that had this number

My daughter loves this phone. Pretty basic, but, it does the job. It does have WIFi, but I noticed a few times it has deducted minutes even when we were signed into our home WIFI. Not sure what happened, but it has happened a few times? Usually, it works fine when connected to any wifi source though. You can download free games form certain sites, but take note, this model does not have the same feature that allows you to remove the virtual java keyboard as the older model did. It is quite a pain in the you know what. The keyboard blocks part of the screen, & makes it hard to see the game. Very unfortunate b/c my daughter wanted this phone for games/apps. Yes, you can remove it if you are a tech-expert & know how to mess w/ that kind of stuff...they have tutorials online, but, I wasnt able to remove it successfully. I spent a few hrs trying to, & finally gave up.-And no, I am not clueless when it comes to technology, but, removing it requires certain archive software & playing w/ the information. I dont have any more time to devote to removing it...I may have been able to figure it out if I spent another few hrs researching online, but I dont have the patience for that stuff.

I got this phone a few days ago and even know it is not one of today's big name phone I think it works great and it is just the right size for me. The only thing that sucks about Tracfones is the customer service it took me 3 days just to get my phone activated.

I have been a TracFone user for several years, because you can actually get service for $60 per YEAR (yes, that's $5.00 per month) plus 10 cents per minute if you use a double-minutes phone.  This model is the first I have owned which gives triple minutes, which will lower the price of airtime to 7 cents per minute and help pay for the phone over time.  I connect all 3 of my TracFones to a single Google-Voice phone number (the other two are basic flip-phone models sold for about $10).  I give out the Google-Voice number and all 3 TracFones ring when anyone calls it.  That way I can use Google-Voice's free services, like free voicemail and voicemail transcription to email, as well as selective blocking of unwanted calls, recording of incoming phone calls (hello, NSA!) and allowing me to save high-quality mp3 recordings of all my voicemail messages (see you in court!).  The LG-840G has a nice mp3 player (which also plays m4a AAC-encoded files from the iTunes store) plus BlueTooth capability built in, so you can go for a stroll while listening to a 32 GB micro-SD chip, and any incoming phone calls will be automatically routed to my BlueTooth open-air headphones.  When the call ends, the music resumes automatically.  I can check my Gmail on this phone (despite having 2-step verification) using 3G when outside or for free at home or anywhere there is WiFi.  The BlueTooth file transfer software allows free transfer of photos from the phone to the computer, eliminating the need to email photos that limited earlier TracFones.  This is easily the best TracFone that this cheapskate has ever owned, even if it is just a smart dumbphone.

I liked my LG 800G for making calls, but the texting was somewhat difficult. The newer LG 840G works much better in texting. In addition I was able to transfer my contact list from my old 800G to the new 840G using the bluetooth. Chargers & earhone jacks are the same on both, so accessories are interchangable. I have been a loyal tracfone customer for over 12 years, and this is one of the nicest phones so far.

The phone works great. It came with triple minutes, which was an added bonus. I would recommend this for young teens or adults who do not need an unlimited cell phone plan. The only down side was the activation. The activation took a several attempts. I could never activate the phone myself. It took two phones calls to customer services to resolve the issue. Otherwise this has been a great phone for my son.

It was the wrong phone didn't work with Trac  phone so they sent me another phone that was to little and then another phone that was just like the last one they sent me and they did not give me the triple minutes needless to say I was one the phone 1 1/2 hours the first time and two other times I had to call I lost track of time.

I bout this formy Mother for Christmas...she still had a flip phone....she likes it alot..it is simple, but still update enough for her to text ALOT easier.

I just purchased this phone and really like it so far; however,  I just tried out the "voice recording" for 9 seconds and it deducted 29 minutes!!!  I'm guessing this is not right....at least I hope it's not.  I hate calling their customer servive because it's so bad, but for 29 min., I guess it will be worth it.  Anyone else having a problem like this?

I read the reviews on this cell phone and decided to see if I could save some money during my Federal furlough. Although not an Android phone, the LG 840G comes packed with useful apps, a 2MB SIM card, and triple minutes. Call quality is good. I believe the text price of $0.30 per is high, but acceptable. The weight of the phone is a little heavy, but is not an issue when paired with a Bluetooth or cable ear piece. I am glad I switched from Cricket, which has a great low cost, no contract monthly telephone plan, but Cricket offers very poor quality low-end cell phones.

I was looking for a prepaid phone that had a few more features than the run of the mill ones.  For what it is, it's a nice phone.  It's small so it fits nicely in a pocket or small purse.  The battery lasts a long time.  You can easily search the web, text, check email, whatever you need.  It takes pretty good pictures also.  I only gave it four stars because the volume should go louder.  It's sometimes difficult to hear if you're in a loud environment.  It can also get a little frustrating using the scroll feature on the touch pad.  All in all I would say it's a good little phone and would recommend it especially with the triple minutes and the 1200 it comes with.

I upgraded to the LG 840g from the LG 840 and really like this little touchscreen phone.  What I don't like about it is it uses AT&T instead of Verizon towers.  We have Verizon in Farmington, NM and the reception is excellent.  My old phone (worked with Verizon towers) got great reception and this one works well in some areas but not others, always losing bars.  Tracfone should have said it was an AT&T phone, but they just say wheather or not it will work in your area when you check on their site.

I love this phone!  It is durable and easy to use.  It is not a fancy phone like an iPhone or droid, so if that is what you are looking for this phone is not for you.  You can get on the Internet and he music player is nice.  I had and android and it did not get a good signal and took me forever to figure it out. I don't have any problems with reception with this phone.  The touch screen is easy to use and I highly recommend this phone!

This is a $49 limited smart phone.  We bought two of them and both work as advertised.  Yes you need to use T9 text entry for some items, but the QWERTY keyboard works for most input.  The only CON is it takes a couple of steps to lock the phone.  You can use the phone to access your email, but anyone who knows how to use the phone can access your online email inbox. Thus you need to delete or move sensitive email out of your online email inbox. If you use the browser to access email make sure you sign out!! Via the browser all your email can be accessed, so sign out.  One of our old Tracfones was an LG 800, a piece of junk.  This is a vast improvement, and for the price, GREAT.

I gave the LG 840G a 5 star rating because it has everything I wanted, web, camera, video, text, games, contact list is so easy to use and update. I have owned 3 LG phones, all have been great and most cases I have just upgraded, but the last one went for a swim, so I had to replace it. I am glad I got the LG 840, it is my first touch phone. I purchased through Amazon, the vendor completed the delivery as stated and only 5 days with free shipping.

This is not a true smartphone. Good quality phone and ok for prepaid Tracfone usage.  Only issue I have is that the QUERTY keyboard is not available for all typing input such as adding directory entries.  In that case having to use the keypad is a bit cumbersome.  I like the touchscreen feature and that it has WiFi and Bluetooth capability.  Did not come with a car charger.  It has a Proximity Sensor in the upper right had corner of the screen, (not visible).  The sensor will turn the screen off when you bring the phone to your ear and back on when you remove the phone from your ear.  Make sure that if you get a screen protector that it has the cutout for this sensor otherwise the screen will go blank when you make a call and you'll have to power cycle the phone to get back the screen. Any screen protectors made specifically for the LG 840G should have 2 cut-outs at the top. One for the speaker and the smaller cut out for the sensor.

The only issue that I have with it is that for no apparent reason it just turns off and then back on. I asked another user of the same model of LG phone, with Tracfone and he said his does the same too.But one other person with a different make of phone, but also on Tracfone, said that hers also turns off and back on for no reason.

I had my Tracfone LG 800G feature phone for two years and I was looking foreword to upgrading to a Tracfone Samsung Galaxy Centura, with Android, or a Tracfone LG Optimus Dynamic II, with Android.  Then I learned I needed to cut back my spending to achieve some financial goals but, it was really time to replace my Java OS LG 800G, from Tracfone.It took me a year and a half to really get familiar with everything my LG 800G could do and I was even starting to feel comfortable with it's primitive .jar Facebook app.  So, after getting familiar with the LG Java OS, I decided to just upgrade to the Tracfone LG 840G for only 23.99, tax free, and with free shipping.  I'm very happy with this phone because, even though it's not running on the iOS or Android, I'm still enjoying an almost-full-featured smart-phone, something that my Tracfone LG 800G feature phone never was.The Tracfone LG 840G lets me export my Mac OS X Address Book to the phone's address book and the phone even displays the picture icons in my contacts that originated from my Mac OS X's Address Book.  It lets me connect to the Internet with wifi which saves minutes.  It even has a high-quality camera with pretty decent color science.What really makes it seem like an almost-full-featured smart-phone is it has it's own email client app and the built in web browser handles my Twitter Account really nice.  It runs the same old Facebook.jar app that my old LG 800G ran but, it runs it a lot faster.  Not having push-notifications for Facebook and Twitter probably keeps this product from being a full-blown full-featured smart phone.So, by getting a powerful phone that is not the latest and greatest from Tracfone, I was able to get it for a song.  Maybe two years from now I will be able to buy the Tracfone LG Optimus Dynamic II, with Android, for a song or maybe, I will be so addicted to the Touchscreen Java OS LG phones, Tracfone will have to come out with an LG Java phone upgrade for Tracfone LG 840G users that are addicted to the LG's Java OS.By the way, I got the "LG840G Dynamic Hybrid Tuff Hard Case Snap On Phone Silicone Cover Neon Green/Black" for this phone and it's the sexiest phone case I have ever had.I am an iOS lover but my budget decides what OS I use, when picking a phone and cellular plan I can afford but, since this is an almost-full-featured smart phone, in my opinion, I find myself using my iPad and iPod Touch less.

Phone was O.K. easy to usebut have some problem with connections and quality of speek - also long distance not possible

I have had several Tracfones but I really like the user friendly capability of this one.  There are so many options that I didn't have on my last Tracfone.  Having the voice recorder is nice when I can't write something down.The only thing I didn't like was having to put in my contacts with a non-Querty keyboard.  There is a Querty keyboard for sending texts though.  The maker should change this part of it.The best part is that it is a triple minute phone.  I would never go back to the double minute one now.My husband has a smart phone but I am entirely satisfied with my TracFone AND saving money!

Great phone for the price. I would recommend it for anyone not familiar with a smart phone; that does not need the highest in the tech type phone. Easily loads music to replay. Plus triple minutes !!!

I am new to Tracfone after having a contract with a major cell company for many years. I wonder now why I waited so long to switch. Convenient and works well. I would buy a smart phone next time, however.

I am very satisfied with my new phone. It is taking me a little longer to get adjusted to the screen. I really don't know if I received my triple minutes. If you say that I received them then I guess I did. I am on the monthly plan. thanks again.

I've been with tracfone over ten years it fits my needs last one was Motorola Double minutes and so ,This LG840g is by far the best tracfone I've owned so far solid build great touch screen its really great for text so much easier than the old one and believe me its better than a lot of the name brand phones for text and with triple minutes you really cant beet that bought it from walmart for $60 moving my old number and minutes left over from old phone was a breeze did it online no need for customer service all in all just great phone I definitely recommend it.

I just switched from Consumer Cellular to Tracfone. Consumer Cellular made the  transferring of my old phone number hard. They don't have pin numbers, and they use last four digits of a users social Security number to verify a user, so Tracfone didn't seem to have a way to input that into the automatic tools they use to port over a phone number.Finally after a few days and a half dozen calls from Tracfone to me, a Tracfone tech made a 3 way phone call between them, Consumer Cellular, and me, so Consumer Cellular could verify I wanted to port my old number to Tracfone.The LG 840 is a nice phone, and pretty intuitive. The only feature It seemed to be missing was Call Forwarding to my land line if the Cell phone was off are out of range, which I like so I just have to manage one voice mail, and when I am home my incoming Cell calls are just sent to my land line so tracfone minutes are not used.Some Googling provided me with some info that the LG 840 uses AT&T; infrastructure. So you can use that for Call Forwarding. The below codes worked to enable AT&T; networks Call Forwarding feature.*004*1xxxxxxxxxx# hit Call button; where xxxxxxxxxx is your area code and phone number you want the call forwarded to.to deactivate conditional call forwarding for At&t; you enter ##004# and Call, on the phone.Get the optional data cable, when plugged into a Windows Computer with the Phone On it turns the phone into a Storage Drive, this makes getting Music, Videos, or other user data easy to copy on or off the Phone. I also purchased a 32 gig micro SD card to give the phone a lot of storage.

My old LG slider Tracfone had developed a mind of its own so I went looking for an upgrade.  There were a few different choices that had full keyboards that slid out or appeared on screen.  Unlike the other choices available, this one didn't have any reviews complaining about how often those phones would dial 911 or surf the web while locked in your pocket.  Those were features I didn't want.This LG 840G gets some good reviews so I gave it a shot.  Glad I did.  I really like this.  The screen is responsive and easy to navigate.  Audio is clear, I have been told I sound better on this by others.  There are a lot of different settings I can adjust to my liking.  Free Wi-fi where available is quite nice and can use 3g if needed.  Yeah, the screen is too small for much surfing but the info you are after is right there.  Triple minutes is very nice.The alarm functions on here are sweet.  Very simple to tweak them plus good scheduling options so my alarms change depending on the day of the week.  Can even alter the volumes of each alarm so I can have the first alarm be gentle and save the jarring stuff for later.  The only downside is that the Off and Snooze icons are right next to each other.  Easy to hit the wrong one when sleepy.I love the mp3 player here.  The volume goes all the way up to 11!  Makes me chuckle every time I crank it.  Gets decently loud too without distortion.  I have to turn it down when using earbuds.  The phone comes with a 2GB micro SD card installed.  I swapped that out for a 32GB card that should hold about 4000 songs.  Removing the back cover was the only difficulty there.  I finally figured it out.  Stick your fingernail into the microUSB port on the bottom and pop that part of the cover up.  Work your way around both sides from there and just keep popping the cover a little bit more up each time.  I's plastic so don't go Gorilla style on it.There are ways to get more out of this phone too.  I downloaded the Opera Mini 7.1 browser to use while surfing, it's definitely better than the stock browser.  I will add Google Maps to it soon since that is reported as giving you a rudimentary GPS system the phone lacks otherwise.  Upgrading the card is well worth it too if you want that capacity.Bear in mind that if you connect this phone to your Bluetooth devices and then swap in a new SD card after that, then you will probably have to redo your bluetooth connections.  The phone saves your bluetooth connections on the SD card by default.  This option can be changed to save that info on the phones memory instead of the card.I bought a combo offer with this phone with home/car/usb charging cords and a 3 pack of screen protectors.  Those weren't worth it.  The phone comes with a home charging cord anyway and the screen protectors won't be delivered until the last week of February.This is a worthy purchase.  The 400 minute/365 day Tracfone card costs $100 by itself.  For an extra 10 bucks you get this beauty.  No contracts, capacitive touch screen, mp3 & wi-fi plus it's adaptable and expandable.  It's a heck of an upgrade.

I need a phone that would be compatible with my car for Bluetooth.  This  one works great.  Has a big screen that one can see over the clam shell type.  Has the apps that you can figure out, and was very easy to set up to my car.

The LG 840G is more than adequate for our needs.  By getting the 1200 Minutes and Triple Minutes Plan, it more or less paid for the phone.  I haven't seen this replicated anywhere else.  Porting our old number was easy.  My only criticism would be this phone uses the ATT network and can't always get a signal in the house, have to go outside, not a complaint really, just will be a little cold come winter in Kansas.

My phone hasn't worked after more than a week.  It has a message "unregistered SIM".  I spent several hours on the phone with Tracfone support trying to resolve it.  Eventually they said they would send a replacement.  The support people are good but they are forced to follow a rigid procedure which is slow and ineffective.  Worse is that they are on a truly awful phone system so you can't understand what they are saying.  Not due to an accent but just due to the terrible quality of the phones they use.  (I think it is voice over IP).  All in all pure torture for a phone that does not work more than a week after I bought it *and* they won't extend my time to compensate for the time I am losing.Update June 1:  ShopCellDeals came through for me, provided a pre-paid return label and refunded both the phone and calling card.  Tracfone is much worse than I said before.  They promised a replacement phone but never sent one, then claimed they never had promised a replacement and hung up on me when I gave them my problem tracking number.  They may be okay for routine issues like setting up a phone that has no issues but are incredibly bad if they can't get the phone to work.  After over three weeks trying to work the issue with them I decided to return the phone to ShopCellDeals.  At first they wanted me to return the phone via over night express at my cost but after I objected gave me the pre-paid label.  They are good guys.  Amazon on the other hand is not so great.  They weren't going to honor their A to Z guarantee because I spent 3 weeks working with Tracfone instead of ShopCellDeals.  The lesson learned is that you should NEVER try to fix a phone problem with the carrier.  Send it back immediately as defective if there are any issues so that you don't lose your Amazon guarantee.  Bottom line grades:  Tracfone: F,  ShopCellDeals: A,  Amazon: D, Phone: ?? (it was probably Tracfone, not the phone that was the issue).By the way, I found out that all of the major carriers let you buy pre-paid minutes, though they don't advertise this.  I got a T-Mobile phone with 1,000 pre-paid minutes at about 9 cents a minute, good for a year.  The other carriers have similar plans though AT&T; and Verizon cost more.  You don't have to enter the Tracfone/Net10 rabbit hole to get a phone with pre-paid minutes you can use sparingly with no chance of surprise overage charges.

This replaced my phone I had with a large named carrier, when that carrier wanted to up the rate to $30 month access on top of plan charges. I could not justify that for a dumb phone. I use my phone rarely so this fit the bill. The phone arrived promptly, it was easy to port my phone number in, add minutes and set up voice mail.  It keeps a charge pretty good for days unless WIFI is on then it needs charging daily. I haven't had any problems with reception in the city but I haven't tried it in a rural setting yet. This phone fits my needs for a basic phone for emergency or occasional use. The triple minutes for life was the deciding factor. For me it was like getting the phone for free. I anticipate that the minutes will last a year which is about $8.50 month. This beats any deal I could find with AARP, or my large named carrier.

I really enjoy this phone and especially the triple minutes that come with it.  It has a lot of great features.

It works as expected. Touch screen is easy to use. If you just want to have cheap phone for call and text, this is perfect for you.

We were tired of paying too much for too little with horrible customer service, so we went in search of a deal. One of neighbors had Tracfones for their family and we lovingly teased them about their lowbrow taste in phones. But they had no complaints and were spending hundreds less each year than we were. So we decided to take a harder look. In the end, we decided it was worth a try and if we didn't like it we could go back to a big carrier and wouldn't have lost anything. The big upside to these phones is price. We have saved a lot of money. These phones have lots of great features and we like to call them our &#34;almost smart phones&#34; or our &#34;not really dumb&#34; phones. There are a lot of things right about these phones but you can read them on a positive review. And I have to give Tracfone credit, they got all of our phone numbers ported when none of the big carriers were ever able to get that done when we changed. On the downside, my phone has never worked properly. It started off with a &#34;can't read SIMM card&#34; or something like that. It took HOURS over DAYS to work with customer service on the phone about the issue and they kept telling me I had tried to alter the phone which I had not. I didn't even know what they were talking about, so I was insulted and annoyed that it was taking so long to get my phone working. Finally, they sent me a new simm card and the phone worked. But I was without a phone for DAYS. I was not happy. Even now, if I drop the phone I get the same message. And I just turn it on and off until it starts working again. I put piece of tape over the simm to keep it from shifting. It is just a mild annoyance now. The other thing that happened is that my phone would never send or receive a picture. At first, I thought I just had a bad signal and should try later. Then I thought the file size was too big. After all of the time I had already spent getting my phone working,  I was not looking forward to calling customer service again. I waited too long and they said that I couldn't get a new phone to replace my phone but they would send me a refurb phone. I had just bought a &#34;nice, new phone&#34; and now they wanted to send me a reject from someone else to have trouble with. Again they spent hours on the phone trying to fix the problem remotely. In the end,  I decided I didn't need to send a picture that often. And I kept my shiny, new phone. Things changed and now people want to send me pictures all of the time. The problem is that the phone doesn't tell me who the picture message is from since I can't download it (but I do get time deducted!), so I don't even know who I am ignoring and it has hurt some friend's feelings that I didn't respond...Ok... a few more things. You don't see a name when you get a text, just the phone number (until you go back to the list - then it gives you the name) - I know so few numbers now that my phone stores all of that - that it is a confusing way to get a text.  There are some typing/input issues that bug me but I hear you can download a patch or app or something to fix those. So my phone has been a bust.My husband has found that his work has started calling/texting his cell exclusively over the past year and it is really eating his minutes. This type a plan is no longer going to work for him. So he will change when he runs out of minutes. But had his need for minutes not increased, he would be happy with his phone and his plan.And my teenage daughter thinks the phone is just not current enough for her. --- But she is not paying the phone bill. So she will get more input when she has more money! For now, it is better than nothing and that is what it costs her!

This phone is GARBAGE .  The battery does not hold a charge for more than one day , and this is with just having the phone on but not using it to talk or text .  I have to charge it every single day .  I contacted Tracfone and got lame excuses on why this would happen .  I DO NOT RECOMMEND anyone buying this phone .

This is my first smart phone and I am amazed at how user friendly it is. Great deal too! The triple minute package is a smart idea for a smart phone.

Great Tracfone.  Switching minutes was easy and it transferred all 3k minutets I had left on my old tracfone.Touch screen very responsive and easy to use to navigate menus and text.Only used the WiFi once so far, but it worked fine.

I love the phone.. I got it set up with no problem at all. this phone met all my expectations

Love the phone.  First time cell phone owner.  It's light weight, sleek and easy to use.  Loved the value for someone who doesn't use alot of minutes, it's a great deal, and no contracts!

I like the LG 840G better than an Apple iPhone for several reasons.First of all, as a man, I like the smaller size, although it may be a tiny bit thicker than an iPhone. It fits nicely in my front pants pocket.Secondly, it's a whole lot less expensive to buy than an iPhone.Thirdly, for a low-call volume user, such as myself, it's much less expensive to operate than an iPhone, especially if you get Tracfone's triple-minutes-for-life deal.I combine the LG 840G with the latest super slim, Apple iTouch, which I carry in my shirt pocket in a non-slip gel case so it doesn't easily slip out when I bend over. This spreads out the stuff I carry into more manageable parts than one thicker, bigger iPhone.I use the LG 840G almost exclusively as a phone and for texting, and the iTouch for all of Apple's more sophisticated uses, such as iCloud syncing with my laptop, desktop, and my wife's iPad; superior email, calendar, and camera; and all the fabulous apps.I must admit that once you go beyond the LG 840G's excellent telephoning and texting capabilities, the LG 840G falls short of the iPhone, but I make up for that with the iTouch and save at least $75 a month in iPhone subscription costs.

I purchased this phone to use in the Tucson/Phoenix, Arizona area where we spend our winters.. Unfortunately it will not work at my home base in Virginia. It has a SIM card and does not have coverage in remote areas. My older flip phone from Tracfone has much better coverage.

1ST CELL PHONE i OWNED. SEEMS TO BE A GOOD PRODUCT BUT WAS VERY FRUSTRATED TRYING TO GET TIME ADDED TO INITIAL 10 MINUTES. ONLY AUTOMATED SYSTEM INSTRUCTIONS WERE AVAILABLE IT SEEMED UNTIL THE SECOND DAY WHEN I ACTUALLY GOT TO TALK TO A REAL PERSON TECH REP. I WAS READY TO RETURN THE WHOLE THING AT THIS POINT SINCE THE TECH REP DIDN'T HELP ME MUCH UNTIL I SAID I WAS GOING TO RETURN THE WHOLE KIT & KABOODLE DID SHE VERY GRACIOUSLY HEP ME BY ADDING THE TIME I WANTED. I FEEL THERE MUST BE A MANUAL AVAILABLE ON THE INTERNET SOMEWHERE AND HOPEFULLY I WILL BE SUCCESSFUL IN LOCATING ONE.

Very economical without sacrificing quality of phone service.. Would have rated 5 star but international service to Philippines is not available.Regardless, I recommend LG 840G/tracfone service for all who are trying to cut down on phone expenses.

I bought this phone at the beginning of this year, and I couldn't make any calls on it.  Called them on 1/23/2014, they said I'd have a replacement within 3-5 days.  Repeated follow-up calls still give me the same msg; You'll have it in 3-5 days.  Well, I've had it and I'm looking for something else.  I'll never buy from them again.

My husband loves his new phone...easy to use...charges very quickly and holds the charge for a long time....large text buttons..this item recv'd very fast.

Purchased this phone over a year ago. The phone has continued to function well. We use the speakerphone a lot and the other party's voice has always been clear with sufficient volume.

My 1st one was did not work properly and it was replaced.  I just recently bought a second one for my business!

Apparently a few steps shy of a basic smartphone, and exactly what I need.  I've even emailed a few photos successfully!  I am still getting acquainted, but the touch screen is wonderful -- it is sensitive, so you have to learn your touch.  I can now make fast movements without hitting the wrong buttons accidentally.  It didn't take me long to learn basic texting, dialing, receiving calls, retrieving messages, straight-ahead photography (nothing fancy).  I am enjoying my phone after just a month, without even teaching myself all it has  to offer.A great bonus is the LG840G is wired for WiFi use!  You will not be charged precious minutes for talk time.  I have to check this out, but a friend told me to be careful, that instead, you may be charged data/data storage fees.  If I find this is so, I will come back and amend this review.Anther bonus, I think, is that when I finally expand my life to really need smartphone bells and whistles, I believe this phone will have stepped me up nicely into that arena.  As it is, this phone has more than enough to fill my current music-listening, audio- and video-recording, scheduling, note-taking, social networking, web-based needs.  This is a only 2.0 MP camera, but I was recently complimented on a photo I took (and texted on the spot!).It's a great design -- looks like smartphones in my circle of friends, so there was a LOT more respect toward me and my phone than previously.  In fact, 3 people on separate occasions thought I had finally gotten a smartphone, and only me and Tracfone know for sure...I've only had it a month and I'm a slow learner, so I'm sure there is much more to get to know, but I am loving this phone as is.

Phone works fine  easier to use than other phone that I had in past ,very satisfied ,  like the triple minutes

could not hear. Phone worked ok other than that, but the word &#34;phone&#34; implies ability to hear.This one didn't fulfill that.

This is about TracFone's Service via the LG 800G and the LG 840G, both phones we bought on Amazon this year.We are longtime TracFone users and were very happy with the service. However, I "upgraded" to this phone from an old flip-phone. It does not work well where I live, yet the flip did! My husband got the LG 840G and we both have phones that barely get service where we live. Tracfone would not offer a reason for this problem, and frankly their customer service is very frustrating. Prepare to spend at least 30 minutes to try to explain what is going on. Or keep reading.Talking to Radio Shack helped to reveal what was up - the LG phones that are configured for TracFone ("G") use AT&T; and the older ("C") phones (Motorola) used Verizon! Verizon is all that works well in our area. AT&T; barely gets a signal.TracFone has two coverage maps. One is for Code Division Multiple Access, (CDMA) which is older technology. The other is for Global System Mobility (GMS), which is the norm now for world phone usage.Here are links to the two maps, read 'em and don't buy these phones if you don't see good coverage for your area:[...][...]I hope this helps someone before they invest in a year's service and find out this phone doesn't work where they live. If you owned a TracFone before, don't assume that it will still be your best choice for a pay-as-you-go plan.

Had a smart phone that would do everything but didn't need it anymore this phone is so easy to use.

Good looking phoneUsing Major Carrier airwaves (att, verizon)Cheap as all heckNo commitmentAs close to a smart phone as you can get without paying for it.Perfect size for pocketDid I mention cheap?If you are not using a ton of minutes, just buy it, use it and carry on with your life.Good day.

This is a great little phone for the money.  And the prepaid is great for anyone not looking for a contract.  I have had tracfone for many years and have been please with it for the most part.

Having a lot of trouble keeping my Voice mail box set up. Also once in a while there is all kind's of noise when you answer a call..Strange like something from Outer space....I will have to be sending the product back for a refund..

This has very limited features...it's not like an LG you'd get at Metro PCS...it does get video good (I got this for my 11 year old son, and it's ok for him...but even he can tell the difference in the quality).It's great for the price...as the saying goes, you get what you pay for!

The phone is great.The buying experience was 1st rate.The 1200 minutes was on a sheet of paper with pin #s in the delivery box not with the packaged phone but I found it ,all is well!

Great deal and well work the money. Does almost everything the expensive phones with mandatory contract do.

I've had the phone for several months and it's a significant improvement over the earlier version. But what's prompted me to write this review is that I'd lost the card with the code to get the 1200 minutes that came with the phone. Given that I was contacting shopcelldeals months after I'd purchased the phone to ask about recovering the minutes, 1.) I didn't even expect a response, and 2) never really expected they'd credit me the minutes. Instead, they wrote back within in hours asking for my phone number, and within minutes the minutes appeared on my phone! And once I was in e-mail contact with them they graciously answered my questions on how certain of the phone functions worked. They also directed me to a far more comprehensive manual than comes with the phone. What can I say - I'm sold! And while Tracfone services may not be for everyone, it sure works for me!

Seems to be a very good phone for tracphone service it does more than any other I have owned, activation was easy on line.As well as buying minutes and having them placed on the phone plus given a bonus of 250 when buying a year of time.As with everything else now you need to go on line to get a complete users manual,and I e-mailed the support my questions as I never was able to get a live human on the phone.The price was great for the phone on Amazon. I would purchase again

My cellular contract expired this month and after 10 years with the same carrier, I finally decided to take a hard look at my usage.  Since I am rarely out of Wifi area, use Google Voice and choose actual phone calls only as a last resort communication option, my cellular usage was very low.I had not used any type of prepaid phone before and the Tracfone site and the Walmart site gave conflicting information about whether the LG840G would work in my zipcode.  Prior to ordering the phone, I sent an inquiry to the vendor (Shopcellsdeals) about service in my area and received a very quick response that it would work as well as which network would be used.I ordered the phone and was surprised and delighted by the rapid processing and receipt of the order.  Before setting the phone up, I did a search on line for promo codes and found an active one which gave me a bonus 250 minutes in addition the the 1200 minutes that came with the phone.  The bonus codes seem to be an ongoing thing so it probably would be worth taking the time to do a search before activating one.  Setup was very easy.In addition to making sure that reception was good in my area (it is equivalent to what I received with my contract provider), I wanted to be sure that there was no problem with using Google Voice.  On the Google voice site, there is the option to make Google Voice the default voice mail.  By putting in the Tracfone number, it automatically recognizes the network and sends a code to the phone that allows one to activate Google voicemail.Since this phone met my expectations, I immediately ordered a second for my husband and it too arrived very quickly.  I am so happy to finally be able to break free of contracts that seem to offer less in the way of value and customer service every year :)

Garbage Phone. Could not even get the screen to unlock. Tracfone was less than worthless. You get someone in a foreign country that can barely speak english. Now not only do I have a not working phone, I have all these accessories that I can't use anymore like the case and a charging kit. The phone was DOA with a permanent screen lock. No matter how many times I reseated the battery and memory card I could not get the screen to unlock. At a 100 dollars for phone plus 1 years of service, I got no service and a dead phone. Now I have to struggle to get an RMA and return the phone.

The phone was more than expected and nothing bad to say about it. I highly recomend this phone for people who don't want a contract.

I bought this online at amazon.com.  It is everything the description said.  The setup was easy to do.  The only downside is that it took 24 hours to transfer over my cell phone number.  I love the screens and the touch icons.  I like being able to have favorites on one screen for quick calling.  The phone probably has more stuff on it than I will use.  The only thing missing is a GPS, which would be nice.  Overall, for the money and the triple minutes, I don't think you can get a better or cheaper plan.

i love this phone  thank you :) this is a great phone for the great cost lg gose any were in the world

Well I've had this LG prepaid phone for about a year now and it's SO expensive to use, I spend an average of $40 - $60 per month and I hardly use it! Only when it's really important like I have to call about a bill, or look at an incoming text.. Speaking of texts, sometimes the text I receive also comes in split into numerous texts with like 2 or 3 words per received text - which is strange and costly at .30 cents I'm paying for per text received! (Sprint by the way is $80/mo for unlimited everything- calls, texts, data plan)..I normally buy minutes through tracfone.com and this LG phone automatically triples the number of minutes I buy, so for instance, if I buy 120 minutes, then what pops up is actually 360 minutes, which seems like a lot but for some reason it goes down fast. And like I said, I am not the type who is 'married' to my phone - I really hardly ever use it.Long story short, ever heard of google voice? Free phone calls anywhere in the U.S.! Wish I found out about it sooner than just today.. I'll keep this phone still but maybe only for true emergencies - 911 calls.

Works just like one of the more expensive phones. I am very satisfied with it.One question though,how do I get the triple minutes?

has way more features than expected or needed, like how it seems to work better than old one, then again..it was old...

The LG840G is a good phone. It has some quirks. It only has a number pad for some inputs (it works), and it plays YouTube videos in a small format. It does get free Wifi internet access and has a great touchscreen! It plays java mobile apps. I found several apps and posted them at LG840g Apps and Tips! My phone bill went from $30/mo to about $8/mo for more features. I hate spending oodles of dollars for cell phone service. This phone lets me have a lot of bang for less than I thought possible.

I`ve been a Tracfone customer for almost 15 years.  Except for a brief experience I had with Metro PCS several years ago, I found that TracFone had (much) better Nationwide Coverage in Rural Areas. Most of my TracFones have all been very basic candy bar style, clam shell or slider design.  Most have been GSM versions that use a SIM Card.  My last TracFone was my absolute favorite being the LG 290C  CDMA Phone operating on the Verizon Network.  This simple slider phone had very good battery life, easy functionality with excellent reception both at home and wherever I traveled.  I decided to give a shot at owning a newer style Touchscreen Phone and pulled the trigger finally on the newly released LG 840G a serious upgrade from last years older LG800G.  Mind you, I did`nt want or need a smart phone/ android/ or iPhone.  I don`t need apps, I don`t need a hand held computer/browser, I don`t  Wi-Fi,Tweet, Facebook, You Tube, or Download Music Files.  I use (my) Phone for an occasional outgoing or incoming call and once in a while send or receive a Text Message.  So far, this phone has exceeded my expectations in both Battery Life, Reception, and most important for (me) ease of use and simple function.  I`m still a bit nervous that I might accidentally sweep my finger and end up with a (widgit) that I won`t know how to remove from the Home Screen but so far so good.  I highly recommend this TracFone for anyone needing a modern thin Touchscreen phone that does (not) need a Smart Phone and uses their Cell Phone sparingly.  Its "Triple The Minutes for The Life of The Phone" is a very nice extra making refill minutes very affordable especially when adding on TracFones frequent Promotion Codes.  Depending on where you live, you might want to purchase this Phone that comes with an AT&T; SIM card that works on their Network.  Some of the LG840G Phones come with a T-Mobile SIM card that works on their Network.  I have found from (my) experience when traveling, AT&T; has had better coverage.  Boxes marked  with the last 4 digits TMP4 will have a AT&T; SIM and those with TMP5 will have a T-Mobile SIM card.Your SIM card # will also indicate what Network your Phone is assigned to;890141 is AT&T; and 890126 is T-Mobile

This is a great phone just wish I'd seen it here before I bought somewhere else an paid double best price I've seen

Works as advertised recomending to friends. This phone offers some great features at a reasonable price, email text camera internet.

This phone is great. I love Tracfone, no worries, no hassles, no CONTRACTS.This is one phone service that you are in complete control of.This phone is really nice with the touch screen.

This is a gift to a very loving person in my life really enjoying this gift still experiencing withthe features (touch screen) really likes LG Phones.  Thanks so much.  GVPT.

It is nice to have a smartphone that not only is prepaid, but triple minutes for the life of the phone. thank you tracphone!

I like the design of the phone and if you want a cell phone the only to text or call and that's the right phone for you. The camera isn't that bad it's basically like the iPod touch 4 generation camera. But the bad news of it is the keypad and the keyboard. but the rest are pretty good.

Works well. It's a simple phone with touch screen and I have yet to find any glaring problems. Perfectly reasonable for the price and gets the job done.

My husband and I have used TracFones for years.  His was old & needed updating & we chose this phone with touch screen for easier use for him.  Arrived on Mon. and spent all week trying to activate it, only to find out yesterday that the sim card will not work in our area.  Perhaps I am at fault for not researching that, but wish Amazon had furnished information to cover that problem.  Would have saved a lot of anxiety.  Fortunately TracFone is sending us a new phone that will work in our area.  As far as the phone is concerned I LOVE IT!  Watched youtube demo also, has a lot of nice features.  Hoping what we get is as nice.

very GOOD, a little touchy, but other then that all is well. yes i will tell others about it. and its a good deal .

This was a perfect replacement phone for my son due to being very inexpensive yet having all the features a young 11 year old can appreciate such as Facebook, twitter, insta gram, camera, and wi-fi. A quality phone for the price considering, and perfect for smaller hands

this is a great deal for people who don't use their phone constantly and don't need the internet. It goes to the internet, but it cost minutes. Had it 1 month and no trouble yet

I really like this phone.  Great value for the money.  I liked it so much, I got one for me and my wife.  I spent a total of 235.00 dollars for the two phones with a year of service for both and 1200 minutes for each one.  Excellent value.

This is a great phone, I purchased the same one back in April and now it just won;t turn on.  Battery is full not sure what is wrong but the price is now half what I paid back then so I am purchasing another.  We shall see what happens

I love this phone. Every thing about it is awesome to me. Just keep in mind while it does offer real internet instead of tracfone browser, it does not offer apps. No GPS function which would give it 10 stars if it had that.

i purchased this phone lg840g i  had it two months before i contacted tracfone to activate it . but would you believe it will not activate in  my zip code area' to late for a exchange.so i am stuck with it. amazone and any other company involived in the sale of these phones should check out the areas that their cells work in.

Listed for $100, got it for $20 (figure it's an outgoing model).  I am mostly homebound, and only need a phone for emergency outgoing calls when I leave home (MD appts, monthly trip to grocery store).  This will work for me :)

Bought this for my 13 year old daughter, she loves it!  We had an old version of the Tracfone which made texting hard for my daughter.

Ive had this phone for months. I bought it off the tracfone website and bought the 1500 hundred one year online exclusive deal which gave me 4500 min. and one year. I recieved a spam phone call today and wanted to add it to a reject list and can't find one on this phone. Has anyone found an answer to this?

Less expensive to use than Consumer Cellular for me.  I bought a red shell/case so I would be able to see where I put it down more easily.  My only challenge with it is setting up voice mail but there are YouTube videos to help.  I really like this phone.

Nice phone and a great upgrade to our LG 800G. The touch screen is a lot better than the 800G plus the 840G has wifi internet access that is free as long as you are near a wifi access point. Be careful though, if you don't see the blue wifi icon at the top of your screen then you will connect with 3G and burn through your minutes.

Touch screen is to sensitive.  Turns itself off after a few hours-- Battery life is lousy, always having to charge it. Would like a replacement if problems continue---

To start off, I cannot speak to the call quality / service of this phone.  I bought it to use as a cheap MP3 player along with a 16 Gigabyte micro SD card.Initially I loaded music on the 2 gigabyte card that the phone came with and it worked perfectly.Unfortunately when I replaced the 2 gigabyte card with a 16 gigabyte card the music player began moving at a GLACIAL speed.  I would press a button and wait 10-20 seconds for the phone to responds.  In the meantime if I had pressed the button twice the phone registered both button presses and would take me through two menus instead of the one I was trying.Basically, if you want to use this as an inexpensive music player, you're out of luck as its practically unusable.Otherwise the phone seems pretty good for the price, the touch screen is responsive and the menu is fairly intuitive.  Don't expect an iphone interface, but not a bad cheap smart phone as far as I can tell.

It was a gift for my 15 yr. old son, and my husband!I love it because very modern phone, and triple minutes always!!

Great price, easy to use. Have not used everything it offers yet. Not sure what a smart phone that this one doesn't, but I'm a novice to cell phones and electronic gismozes.  This is my second. Love the tripple minutes. I'm a BABy Boomer.

I like it but I don't love it. There are good things about this phone and other things that I find a problem... The price was incredible so it was an excellent buy. Triple Minutes are fantastic. Tracfones  are great because you have no contract. This model has a touch Screen which is also good  but I have trouble with the touch screen. It works perfectly if you use a stylus. The seller was good-description of product was great- delivery was fast....

I just got the phone and so far so good.Set up was easy except for the voice mailand its probably just me .like the features and its as much a cell phone as I'll ever need !I liked my LG500G but the numbers were way to small with out my glasses so this LG840G is much,much better ad its why I bought it !

This is a great "simple" phone. Good menus, abundant features, and solid reception. Very glad I went Tracfone. This is the perfect phone for someone who doesn't need a smart phone.

Absolutely no complaints - the battery even came fully charged.  The phone is nice and solid.  Activation took less than 2 minutes.  The additonal minutes added without a hitch - I even used a promo code and picked up an additional 250 minutes.  This uses ATT service in Dallas - 3 bars.  I found I could send text messages either from my other phone for by sending an email and it costs 0.3 minutes for short messages.  Longer messages seem to be split and each part is charged.  Still a good deal though.  Its not a smartphone but I knew that and I didn't need smartphone features.  I'm very pleased with the purchase.

I've had three previous Tracfone models and have been satisfied. I skipped the LG800 due to many poor reviews but felt the LG840G would be better. For the most part the phone works as advertised. The exception, its, or my, inability to have it work properly with my Toyota "Hands Free" Phone/GPS system, not an after market unit. The 840 replaced a LG420G which worked fine in the same car. I used the same setup procedure, removing the old phone to avoid any conflict. It connects but works very erratically or, not at all, on the oft chance it does work, its usually with the system on 'Manual" not hands free (voice activated). While connected to the car's system the phone will not operate on its own as a hand held unit while in range. The Toyota system will not allow manually operation while the vehicle is in motion.Although new and without much history it seems the battery will only last about 5-6 days on standby, less if used occasionally. Lastly, the packaging material/manual states, "the unit comes with a house charger/adapter with a removable data cable...it did not, just a conventional house charger unit. The phone to computer data cable had to be purchased separately.I'd be interested in other comments regarding this issue(s). Thank You

The LG840G is a great basic phone for my needs. The only issue so far is Tracfone customer service. The phone had an issue with the SIM card and that is where the issues started. The offshore service representative was difficult to understand and apparently he was having a harder time understanding me. What should have only taken about five minutes or so to get my personel information  to send me a new SIM card took thirty five minutes. I had to repeat spelling my name, home address and email at least six or more times each. He said he was emailing a work order tag number confirmation but I guess he didn't get the email right after all of that. Hopefully I receive the new SIM card.4/1/13: I did receive the second SIM card and the service representative did not transfer the old phone number, remaining minutes or service time so now I am waitng for the next SIM card and go through the process again. If not corrected I'll have no choice but to return it to Amazon even though it is not their fault.4/3/13: Received the third SIM card and spent three hours by phone trying to get a service representative, no luck all lines are busy at this time. I could not get to the website, under maintenance try again later.4/4/13: Third time is a charm, finally completed the transfer. This time it only took less than fifteen minutes as it should have.

Does too many things and is complicated.  I gave it away.  I bought another phone that suits my needs and eyesight.

I,m a Senior and I upgraded from a Flipup Phone to this that I bought at Walmart for the Tracfone Network. Walmart people put me on network with know problem with my old number and I went home. A call from home and wifes cell confirmed  input to the new  phone. Now I wanted to put contacts and such into the phone. # one problem, there were no directions to input such information. I assume that LG and the provider thinks that everyone now days can just look at the touch screen and know how to go up and down and left and right to access info from this to that. However when the first direction for adding a contact was for a picture I was dumbfounded and taken aback to go further. Why does the first contact screen ask for a photo and not the intended Place and # and ask for personnel info later, WHAT A PAIN.What the first page SHOULD ask for is who, and number and THEN if I want to add more make Edit available to the contact.LG and providers should put out DIRECTIONS for the use of their system and phones, I,m learning the hard way and the phone may deserve 5 stars but so far trying to use it deserves 3 or less.By the way, no minutes came with this phone and I needed to buy a phone card on top of the cost of the phone.

I actually like the features on this phone, & loves how it works WHEN it works. I had the first phone 3 months when it started acting up. I couldn't send or receive a text. I called & the tech had me go through some tests. They said the battery had moisture (NOT ANYTHING I DID!) They sent me a replacement (refurb). That phone lasted exactly 1 month, & now it's doing the same thing as the first one did. I must add that I'm extremely careful with my phone....never dropped them, have a protective case around them, etc. The phone is either in my purse, or on the kitchen couter...no one uses it but me. I'd say to absolutely buy a different phone (or brand) because this one is a royal pain. Now I have to call Tracfone AGAIN....that will take another hour. Then when I get a new phone, I'll have to reload all my info (third time). Just buy a different Tracfone & save yourself the irritation of all that.***UPDATE 5/2014- I ended up purchasing another one of these from HSN. It works perfectly. The 2 that I bought from this seller must have both been refurbs, & TOTAL DOGS! The current LG 840 I'm using rates 5 stars...just don't buy it from this seller. BUY A NEW, NEVER USED PHONE!

The phone is good value for the price .....but I did have problems transferring my old phone to this one.

I am very satisfied with the purchase. Items were as described and the price was very affordable. Best prices all over the net.

First of all, I couldn't be more impressed with both Amazon and shopcelldeals, (the company that sold the phone)! Not only was my order shipped quickly, (received in 3 days), but both Amazon and shopcelldeals responded to and resolved a minor issue, (that was my own fault), within 1.5 hours, on New Years Day besides!I recently upgraded from the LG 800G to the LG 840G.  I was beyond frustrated trying to text with LG 800G!  The LG 840G's screen is so much more responsive; why didn't I do this before!?  As other reviews stated, I too was concerned that the number of reception bars was lower on the LG 840G compared to the LG 800G but once the LG 840G was activated a 3G appeared in the corner with the bars.  (Perhaps one phone is measuring regular reception and the LG840G measures 3G reception?  I really don't know.)  What I do know is, though the LG 840G had fewer bars it worked just fine, even in an area that the other phone sometimes hasn't.With this phone came a TracFone 400 minute card, (triple minutes for this phone), plus a promo code I found on line I ended up getting 1,450 minutes, 1 year of service and the new phone, all for about $100.00.  Great deal, great service and from what I have seen so far a nice phone.

I received this cell phone a day earlier than the earliest promised date.The battery charged fully within 2 hrs, instead of the up-to-5 hrs specified in the setup booklet.I am very pleased with this phone, and I'm glad I bought it. Tracfone transferred my number andminutes within 20 minutes after contacting them.It is very easy to operate, and the menus are intuitive enough to use without having to consultthe phone's manual.This phone is far better than the one I replaced, a brand that used to be the standard in cellphones but has since fallen on tough times.

Yes it has all that I need in a cell phone.idont use it that much but it,s ready when I am

User interface is very, very good. Love the wi-fi (allows Internet access w/out using minutes), blue-tooth for transferring hundreds of contacts from previous phone, big screen, picks up signal much better (have received calls in places that 800g had issues like Meijers and have had virtually no dropped calls. Voice clarity is vastly better. The 1200 minute, triple minutes, 1 year deal for $110 on Amazon is sweet!!!Only issue is as of this date, gel covers have not been released for this yet.

would like to buy another phone with more options, but this will do fine for the moment until i get a smart phone

I have been a Tracfone user for years now. I ordered this phone b/c of the triple minutes & the price can't be beat.

phone is a good working phone. I really enjoy using it.Has all the options of more expensive phones, but is way cheaper.

Love the phone. The only thing that I find that is a problem it that the battery does not last very long.

Yea it's a little phone, without a whole lot of bells and whistles but, it does everything any average person would need done _ succinctly and effectively.

Ordered and got them within 5 days with signature confirmation USPS shipping.This deal is great. Bought two of these deals for my wife and son. Activation for my son's phone was perfect and the pin for the one year and 1200 minutes worked great. He actually got 1220 minutes and 425 days service because the phone comes with 60 days and 20 minutes for start up.My wife transferred her service from a terrible Tracfone slide phone. The transfer took about 16 hours to finally take. Added the 1200/one year pin after and all was flawless.The LG840G is as close to a smartphone as you can get. The screen responds like our IPad and IPod Touches that we have and I assume a IPhone also. It doesn't have an OS like a smart phone. My son likes his phone but it is still well behind his IPod Touch 4G. Keep this in mind when you buy it. The wifi is a  great feature that lets you email and surf the web without using up airtime although the browser doesn't work as good as a smartphone browser like the Apple Safari. That said, if you want a smartphone like cell phone that has a great value with the triple minutes feature and no contract chain then this is it. If you want a smartphone then don't get this. You will need to fork over more dough for that.Check out the YouTube video reviews on the LG840G to get a real life look at what it is about.-Jesus saves and is God-Repent and Trust Him to save you from your sins and eternity in the Lake of Fire-

This is an upgrade from my LG 800.  Overall a better phone, good reception, intuitive...  Really just holding out for a smart phone that I really like.  The current choices seem somewhat lacking so I decided to wait another year as all the phones seem to be getting better and better.  The only con I have is my fingers are too big for this right sized phone.  If you have large hands, save yourself the trouble and order a couple of stylus's when you order your phone.The service was great and I highly recommend the vendor.

Great phone. The only drawback is autonumeric keyboard for web surfing, which is a pain to use. A qwerty keyboard would make this  phone a great one.

I like this phone because it's just a basic touch screen phone and it's just what I need.  I also like the triple minutes for life.

This is a step up from my little flip phone.  Very happy that I can now text.  Pleased with this purchase.

Very satisfied with phone. Does what i need without a lot of extra bells and whistles. Like the large digits for dialing.

I love my phone I have had tracfones for over 10 yrs and this is one of the best, I received it with in a couple of days of ordering it, It was just what the seller said it was. I would buy again from this seller.Thanks

Great size, and great aps. Light weight, and compact, but all the great features of a big phone. Son loves it!

Easy to Setup and everything works like its supposed to,- email was easy to setup, WiFi was easy to setup.I bought a Data Cable and the Pictures are easy to remove or copy from the phone as my computer treats the Memory card as if it were another hard drive and assigns it a drive letter which all I have to do is go to my computer and click on the new drive letter to bring up the contents of the memory card and copy them to my hard drive.Touch screen is very sensitive and quick to respond.I went to Tracphones INTERNET site to Activate the Phone it was real easy to do,and the One Year Card was easy to add the Minutes,and they Tripled Automatically.when you are through using the phone you can push the On button once and the phone goes into a mode where the screen goes off and the phone can be put into a pocket ect. with out fear of calling someone and you will still get your Calls and Messaging as they come in.Really Clear Sound and easy to place in Speaker Phone mode.I also found it easy to Brighten or Dim the screen as desired.You can set the phone to Vibrate only,Vibrate and Ring.I get a 5 Bar Connection Signal in my Basement where my Relatives Phones Receive no Signal at all.I did order the 32 Gig Memory Card for the larger Capacity to store my Pictures and Messages.Although I don't Text I found it easy to do with this Phone.It is also easy to Bookmark your INTERNET sites.I Plan to Buy another LG840g for the Wife and Transfer her time from her older Tracphone to the new Phone.This is not a Smart Phone but it dose everything I need and then some with out the Long Term Contracts.

This is as close to a &#34;smart phone&#34; as possible without the additional charges. The triple minutes makes it so convenient.Really am enjoying this TracFone.

I like the triple minutes that come with the purchase through Amazon.com.  Reception is fairly good except in areas where towers need to be set up.  Plus  like no monthly plan, but pay as I go.The only thing I found a bit frustrating is having to go on-line to find how to use certain options.

The charge on my phone lasts 2-3 hours after being unplugged.  Substantially less if it is actually used.  Was told if I am sure it is a bad battery I could go buy myself a new one to try.  they cannot replace the phone or the battery.  You have to use the invoice that came in the box with it to mail it back.  If you no longer have it, you have to pay for the shipping.  had to argue with them to get the address that is on the invoice that came with it.In hindsight I should have just thrown it in the garbage.  Wasnt worth the $30 refund to have to talk to english as a second language people for an hour.  Somehow I doubt I will be getting my money back.  I think I am just going to call the credit card company and ask them to reverse the charges...

had this phone for about 6 wks and i'm still trying to figure things out.phone,to me,has aslippery back cover that seems to slip out of my grasp sometimes, I looked for covers, but no one makes them yet cause the phone is new model.also the camera would be on some times when i'd pull it out of its case and would be hard to turn off. I had the lg800 and hated it and this phone is not much better.

I bought this phone to replace a model that was nearly 10 years old.  All the bells and whistles took a while to get used to, but I'm very happy with it.  I like the message post-its feature for helping remember important to do items, the ability to check my email is great and I've had no trouble with Wi-fi connectivity(I think it has 3G).  It charges quick, has a good standby time between charges, though it does seem to need almost daily or every other day charging if you do a lot of email, surfing the net, texting, taking pictures and listening to music, but you are able to do a lot, my old phone needed almost daily charging too and all it did was make calls.  The only thing I don't like is getting used to having the touch screen.  I feel it is almost too sensitive.  When typing the keypad is so small I often hit the wrong key many times, and I have small hands.  Also, when scrolling through menus if you linger too long on a particular spot it may think you are making your selection.  I've accidentally dialed the wrong person while scrolling through my contacts list because I didn't swipe the screen right.  Seeing as I'm a bit of a dinosaur though, it may just take me a while to get used to the new way of doing things.  And, I am willing to put up with this minor inconvenience for all the other bonuses.  So if you want the freedom of no contract but also want a modern phone with most of the same features of an Android or Iphone, this is a low cost compromise you don't have to be embarrassed about.

LG 840G Prepaid Phone With 1200 Minutes and Triple Minutes (Tracfone)I purchased 2(two)of these phone from Walmart in the past three weeks. The first one the battery would not hold a charge. The second phone was to replace the first phone that would not hold a charge. Now that I have had the second phone sense 11/29/2012, today being 12/03/2012 it is just like the first phone, it will not hold a charge. I had it plugged in for six hours an it still will not hold a charge. I decided to call tracfone about the problem and they are sending me a new LG840G phone. They, being tracfone says that the problem can be that the phone got wet, shipping carton of phones was dropped and the individual phone package was dropped and that can damaged the phone and or battery. As for me I say that is a bunch of BS. But I will know the truth when I get the replacement LG840G in 5 to 6 days and plug it in and see if it will actually hold a charge after either UPS, FED X or USPS delivers it with out dropping it.I received my THIRD and hopefully my last Tracfone on Friday, 12/07/2012. On Saturday I tried again to activate my new phone on Tracfone's web site with no avail. I had to call customer service and it took them over 30 minutes to get it done, of course they are all from India(the country), hard to understand, but that is life, looking to get people that will word for a few dollars a day.But anyways, if this phone dies again I will probably go with real wireless carrier.

Listed As LG 840G Prepaid Phone With 1200 Minutes and Triple Minutes for life(Tracfone)Comments:I bought this Tracfone w/1200 minutes..received phone and activated bycalling Tracfone, the phone activated but I only received 390 minutes instead of1200, Tracfone rep told me that I only get 1200 minutes by purchasing directlyfrom Tracfone.com and NOT Amazon so the triple minutes does not apply . Next thefeatures on the phone do not work, Tracfone representative had me try differentcodes and they told me the phone is not compatable due to programming errors inthe phone, Tracfone sent me a refurbished phone with a mailer to send beckdefective phone. The phone Tracfone sent was refurbished, did not work right andI only have 390 minutes.  THIS WAS A RIP OFF OF A DEAL !  Both the phone andTracfone are totally useless and Tracfone Rep told me they do not support AMAZON purchases, Nice!

With promocode from the Tracfone website  and included minutes ended up wth over a year of service and 1450 minutes.  Phone has all the features I will ever need.  Solidly built.  Just activated so I cannon comment on reliability of the hardware but Tracfone has made significant advances on the automated activation processes.Post script: I have had the phone 8 months now and it had been flawless, even after being dropped 8 feet onto concrete (I was on a ladder, phone came out of case when I rubbed against ladder)!!!!  This is a real bargin!

The price of the one year card with 400 (1200 tripled) minutes plus the phone was just a few dollars more than the minutes card alone.  On top of that this is a great feature phone.  It is not a &#34;smart phone&#34;, but for people who just text and talk it more than fills the bill.  The touch screen QWERTY keyboard is easy to use and beats the small keys on some physical keyboard phones.  It also has a music player and a memory card is included, which is a nice bonus.  I have found the Wi-Fi is easy to use (unlike some other reviewers).  The included browser is not worth much, but that is not what I bought the phone for. I bought a case at Amazon protect the phone and make it easier to hold.  A couple of gripes:  When you hit &#34;reply&#34; for a text, it uses .6 instead of .3 units because the message is sent as a MMS instead of SMS.  It took some getting used to replying by starting a new message.  You cannot set the clock to 24 hour (military) time.  BTW:  Look for a Tracfone coupon on line to add 250 minutes when you add the one-year card to your phone for more savings.

For the person who is not on the phone all the time, it is the only way to go.  Keeps the cost down.

I really enjoy it. There are some features that it doesn't seem to have that my old phone had and I miss but overall a wonderful update. Like having the triple minutes!

This phone is great all around runs on ATT's network with roaming as a MVNO. Battery life and build quality are good along with an easy and responsive user interface. This phone can run some java apps such as opera but dont expect to really surf the internet it will cost you a ton and most sites are broken at this resolution. Its a great phone but if you need or want a smartphone you can get an android for the same price on straight talk (Same company different name)and do a lot more however if want a basic (call/text) phone this is a great modern looking option. UPDATE: About six months later this phone is still working like new with great battery life no regrets on buying it.

The tracfones are ok, but the service is terrible. The web site never works. The call center is run poorly. No one knows what to do, or how to fix any problems. Tracfones have a lot of problems. I will never buy another one.

Bought these for my two young sons, their first cell phones as Christmas gifts.  We needed a way to get a hold of them for pickup after school, etc.  No more worrying or hassles when they are running late or need to coordinate a pickup location!!They are not heavy users so we did not want the expense and commitment (contract) of adding them to our existing family plan.  For our purposes, these phones are perfect!!  The $99 package price is the same cost as a 1 year 400 minute Tracfone card so we effectively got the phones for free!!  With triple minutes for life (1200 minutes and 1 yr service came with the phone), I expect we won't need additional minutes for about a year and when we do need more minutes it won't break the bank.  The phone itself is great for a starter phone.  It resembles a cheap version of the iPhone and has quite a few features for a starter phone.  It has a reasonably decent camera, a few games, web capability, etc.  The touchscreen works very well and voice quality is better and seems more reliable than most smart phones.  The display resolution is very low so anyone who is a smart phone &#34;snob&#34; would not be happy with the display, but definitely adequate for a starter phone.  The best feature is the battery life.  They can easily go 3-4 days between charges, granted that is with little or no talking but you certainly can't get anywhere near that with most smartphones today.For anyone that wants the latest smart phone with all the latest features and apps and best display, this phone probably isn't for you.  For a starter phone or someone who is a light talker but wants a little more than a basic voice only phone at very low cost with no commitment, this phone is perfect!!

Folks think I have an iPhone.  To me, it's just as good!  No worries about hackers either!  I love my tracfone!  End of story.

I had many Tracfones this one is the best one. Battery last a long time, big screen.  I did not know that it came with over 1000 minutes SWEET!

IT TALKS,  I CANNOT SEEM TO STOP IT (OR FACEBOOK) FROM SENDING/RECEIVING/CHARGING FOR NOTICES THAT I DO NOT NEED/WANT. THANKS

I just got my new LG-840 Tracfone.  It took me well under ten minutes to activate the new toy.  I used the toll-free number on the SERIAL NUMBER card (the RED one) that was included to accomplish the following needed steps:- Transfer the phone number from the LG-800 to the new LG-840- Transfer the days-of-service remaining to the new LG-840- Transfer the minutes remaining to the new LG-840- Add the "1200 minutes" of time and the one-year of service to the new LG-840 (This number is on an included sheet of paper)- I also mentioned the "promotion code" of 24572, which was reported to add 250 minutes in a YAHOO USER GROUP, when coupled with a one-year service card.  (This may have added more time, but I have not taken the time to do the math.  The lady at Tracfone offered no comment or resistance, so...)The bottom line is that I got more than I had assumed, as follows:- On the OLD '800 Tracfone, I had 924.80 minutes (High-resolution readout, it seems!) of time remaining, and was set to expire on 8-1-2013.- On the NEW '840 Tracfone, I now have 2390 minutes of time remaining, and it will expire at the end of September of 2014.(!!!!!!!!!!!!)-----> WAY better than I had assumed, in other words.The unit works a LOT BETTER than the LG-800 that I retired.  The wi-fi works nicely.  The WEB BROWSER is extremely quick, compared to the LG-800.  Also, the web browser on the '800 was always informing me that this was an untrusted site/app, whatever. -No matter if I had just been using this same app, accessing the same web site!  I have not seen this at all on the new LG-840, which is really nice.  (And, EXPECTED, I must add!)I REALLY LIKE the responsiveness of the '840's screen!  It is about like what the coveted iPhone has, or really close.  (And this is GOOD!)  The '800's pressure-sensing screen worked, but not as nicely as this one.  The '840's screen is of the "capacitive" sensing design; -What this means is that it takes just a light touch to click or drag.The camera is easy to operate.  The LG-840 has a 2 Megapixel camera, where the LG-800 series has a 3 Megapixel still camera. -So, a bit of a step-down, but still just fine for me.Getting the still pictures and the movies from the camera (cell phone) to the computer was very quick and easy with the '800 phone.  It assume that the '840 will do as well!  (I just have not tried this, yet.  The images DO SHOW UP, when I hook the LG-840 to my iMac with a standard USB cable; The camera shows up like an external hard drive or flash drive.)I do miss the three mechanical buttons that the '800 had just below the screen.  This is a small loss, as the LEDs under the '840's "button area" go OFF (time out, but are still active) as needed, it seems.  -But they do come back ON, if one taps the body of the '840 phone, so not much loss there.  The one convenience I do miss is the way that the '800's "real buttons" would wake up the phone, so one could press the "unlock" button on the screen.  Now, with the '840, one must tap the POWER button on the top of the phone's body.  It is entirely possible that NOT having the mechanical buttons is a better design, as if a button is accidentally pressed while the phone is in a pocket, it would allow the screen to light up, but fortunately would not proceed further.  (Maybe, maybe NOT...) The button press of the newer '840 is a lot more secure, so I will offer that this is BETTER.The LG-840's screen is larger than the '800, but not by much.  It is bright and easy to read.All in all, I am EXTREMELY PLEASED with the LG-840.-Mike-

This is a great phone. A huge upgrade from my last touch screen. The Internet browser needs work but not why I purchased it

DO NOT BUY THIS FOR ANY PRICE!!Cheap and not worth $5.00.  It broke after just 1 day.  Thanx to Amazon i got my $$ back.

This phone does all that it says just in a basic function.  I mainly bought the phone for the triple minutes and possibly checking e-mail.  Probably a good phone for basic users and or kids.

i'm no tecchie, this seems like a pretty nice phone so far

I bought two of these phones and after a week of fooling around with Tracfone both do not work.  One phone had a defective SIM card.  Tracfone sent a new one & phone still does not work.  The other phone continues to have a porting problem.  It will accept incoming calls but outgoing callls result in "No Service" error message.  How can that be?  Tracfone can not solve these problems.  I am returning both phones and will not deal with Tracfone anymore.

I have one and I gave one as a Christmas gift.  We both love the phone.  It has more options than I really use.  The size is what I like.  It is used more as an &#34;emergency phone&#34; than the &#34;I have to wear it all the time&#34; kind of phone.  I am not the glued to the phone texting type of person.  However,  the gifted phone is used for all the gadget capabilities and it is well loved for those abilities.

I am so pleased with the LG840G.  The battery charges really fast and holds a charge for over a week.  Not like the last TracFone I had. I live in AZ but had no problems while recently in Maine.  I haven't put it to full use yet, but each day seem to provide something new I learned.

its a preety good phone had no problems activating it. they actually gave me 20 minutes free and that was a surprise. the phone cheaper than tracfones website.

The person shipping the device was prompt and beat out the seller my sister used by a week!!  WE bought the same item but from different sellers.  As far a the tracfone is concerned, I don't have all the ins and outs ironed out yet, but i think it was a good deal.

I like the phone a lot!!!  It is so user friendly. I bought it so I could do remote start with the Hyundai app, but it isn't new enough or whatever for Hyundai.  So it didn't work for what I bought it for, but I still like the phone.

I was able to get this phone for $19.99 on a Thursday before Black Friday special.  WOW!!  I have owned three previous Tracfones.  I started with the candy-bar Nokia 2600 ($30 @ Office Depot) which got dunked in a lake.  I moved to a candy-bar Motorola W175g ($6 @ Walmart) which fell in a toilet.  Then I had a LG-420g flip-phone ($15 @ Walmart).  All of these phones have served the purpose well - inexpensive, low call volume, pay-as-you-go, mobile communication.  My wife and I both had double minutes for the life of our phones and we buy the 400 minutes/1 year plans (=800 minutes/1 year with doubling) to minimize per minute costs.  I don't need games, apps, cameras, music player, multimedia capabilities etc.  And we have reached the point where our land-line is just about to get the boot because of how pleased we are with Tracfones.  Don't get me wrong, Android phones and iphones are really outstandingly cool.  But I refuse to pay those rates because I don't have a compelling reason to have a smartphone.  I am not addicted to texting friends, facebook, electronic books, multimedia consumption, etc.  However, I discovered the ability to check my email on the LG-420g was quite convenient.  I am a person who can get along without a smartphone but I really appreciate good user interface and user friendliness.  So, when I saw that I could get triple minutes on the LG-840g I did some digging.  Improved touchscreen interface, Wi-Fi, 3G, the possibility of replacing the 2GB microSD card with a larger one if you do want to store music and photos, AND triple minutes - SOLD.Now that I have the phone I really like it.  Let's remember it is a Tracfone.  It is not a smartphone.  The touchscreen works very well (with occasional sensitivity behaviors), the screen landscape is like all out-of-doors compared to any of my previous phones.  Web pages are much easier to look at than on a Blackberry I once had due to the larger size of the screen on this LG 840g.  There is a degree of sophistication with the feedback sounds and touchscreen behavior although there are minor navigation inconsistencies from screen to screen.  There is a greater user friendliness and navigation flexibility than with my previous phones.  It is far more intuitive.  This is a very clean phone.  There are just five buttons on the phone - On/Off, Louder/Softer, SEND, RETURN, END.  Four of the buttons are flush with the surface and the Louder/Softer button is subtly sculpted to extend just a bit from the side.  But, the dependence on buttons typical of the candy-bar and flip phones is nearly eliminated because 99.9% of all the navigation is done on the touchscreen rather than those cryptic menus and multi-function buttons on the candy-bar phones and flip phones.I have successfully used the Wi-Fi with the wireless router in my home.  The phone takes you through the process.  You just provide the access key.  I did use the pay-by-using-up-minutes browser to check the web for prices on one purchase in the hardware store (no scan the barcode - use an app to compare prices opportunity with this phone) which was convenient but not something you don't want to make a habit.If you are satisfied with the Tracfone concept and don't have business or other demands that dictate the use of a smartphone, then I personally would take a good look at this phone.Here's a link to download the manual - [...]  (Of course like most manuals you don't get the complete picture.)Update 5-29-2013 I just purchased a Nissan Cube and this phone works with the Bluetooth hands free system on the car!!

Phone works great and so does the camera. Easy to use. The phone is exactly like the ones at local stores and it costs a lot less.

At my country can't use it. I was seeking for some of different place where can resolve it, and can unlock it.

It takes great pics. Great sounds only thing i have to say i wished it had a gps on it and some things i canot downloade becaused. Of. Size

I have had this phone about 6 weeks and all was well until last Sunday.  I am unable to receive new updates from Gmail through the phone's email app.  I know what you are thinking, I did something wrong so I checked everything and even reset the phone with no success.  Now Tracfone states that they do not support the built in App and that I was lucky to get it to work at all.  This only states what kind of technical support you will be getting from Tracfone.  I down loaded another Email Client , "Picomail", which works fine but its quality is not as good as LG's App when it was working.  If you are going to download mail using this phone then you could be talking to Tracfone and LG a lot.  So far Tracfone techincal support is poor. They limit you to 30 calls, mine took 1.5 hours last night.  If they were knowlegable then they would know that this problem is on the LG side. I hope LG support is better in that I believe the problem is a software bug and a fix is needed.  Other then the Email App the phone is great but for me Email is important along with customer service.

Was out of town when it came, haven't used it yet..  Looks great!  Like the touch screen, and the ability to use my own home number.

It does exactly what we were looking for.  It has a qwerty keyboard and a camera,  something our other phone didnt have.

Phone was charging 10 minutes of usage time for each 30 seconds using data.  After verifying  it was indeed defective, Tracfone said they would send a replacement and credit back lost minutes and days of usage.  New phone does same thing and they have not credited lost time even after 3 very long phone calls with representatives that didn't speak very good English.  Would never buy from them again.

This is a very nice phone for tracfone. I love the triple minutes. It's thin and fits in my back pocket nicely. It also nice it doesn't have any physical buttons to accidently pocket push. The merchant I purchased from made it an unbeatable deal by including a 400 min one year card, so basically the phone was free. This was a replacement for my previous tracfone and they now transfer your number and whole account. In the past you lost your carry over minutes. Good deal.

I love, love, love my new track phone.  I thought I would hate using a touch pad phone, now I cant stop playing with it.

Like phone design.  Basic features easy to use.  User manual somewhat disappointing.  Good for someone who doesn't use the Internet a lot.

Bought phone for daughter, and she likes it.  Triple minutes make this phone a buy for calling and texting.  Wi-Fi there but weak, she uses her i-pod for games.  She carries it in her back-pack with no case or screen protector--no problems so far.  She likes the camera, call quality good, battery life good, cost $30.

Got this for my 5 year old she currently has a block phone and as all kids wanted an upgrade. Thoyght this would be perfect for her.

THE PHONE YOU SENT ME CANNOT BE ACTIVATED IN MY AREA CODE. I HAVE CALLED TRAC PHONE 3 TIMES AND HAVE NO PHONE THATS WORKS IN MY AREA CODE . THEY  SAID THEY WOULD SEND ME A PHONE FOR MY AREA , BUT THAT WAS A MONTH AGOIF AMAZON WANTS ANY MORE OF MY BUSINESS THEY NEED TO SEND ME A TRACFONE THAT WORKS IN MY AREA CODE (WITH TRIPLE MINUTES LIKE ONE I BOUGHT ) LIKE ASAP LIKE 3 DAYS OR ME AND MY FAMILY ARE DONE BUYING FROM AMAZON I EXSPECT A RETURN E-MAIL AS TO YOUR TO YOUR INTENTIONSGARY PEPPING  gbpepping@gmail.com

The Third of this I purchased. Good product quality and features, Great speakers? music sound, better and louder that my Fujitsu LH532 laptop,  get 250 extra minutes using code 48702

bought two one for me and my husband, ended up buying one for our friend and our daughter... very good product for the money... can't believe we saved so much on this buy... gets in-home wireless just have to set it up...

It has a clean touch screen interface with large icons. It is easy to navigate between functions and screens. It is highly intuitive.

I just wanna say I love this phone and would tell everyone to please order it I just love it

This phone is easy to use!Check this out.....it comes with a memory card....some smart phones do not include memory cards......charges up really fast....clear screen......flexible pay as you go minuets plans which allow smart phone user to place a variety of minuets and $$$ on phone....easy activation.....just overall excellent!!!!

Only it works in tracfone, I do not recommend it since it cannot be liberated for use of another company.

never had this type of phone before  I am getting used to it  it is very sensitive to touch  My grandkids Are so excited I have come into the twenty first century with my phone.

I bought one triple minutes lg840G a few months ago and it was all I needed.  It has internet, basic phone abilities, and much more.  I was so tired of paying for more than I use so this phone is perfect for me. I ordered another Tracfone a little less expensive and boy did I make a big mis take, calls dropped all the time. I contacted The seller and was replied to the very same day.  The seller was awsome,  not only did they reply in the same day but they let me get 840G which was a bit more expensive with no extra charge and they included a car charger as well. Fantastic customer service. I will be a customer for life. Thanks for getting me back on a great phone and very quickly.  You are the best!!!

This phone does what I need at a very reasonable cost.  Reception and sound quality are good with the bonus that I can check e-mail over wi-fi without using up minutes.  My daughter just got the same model.  We've just cancelled our family plan with another carrier and will save a ton of money, as we are not big talkers.

the phone is right there.  For the price, money it saves the common cell phone user, you can't go wrong with this product.  I do NOT use much texting, no internet etc on this phone, so it has been a money saver for this non-geek techie. Though, if you do want to use them, it has them right there at your disposal.  Recommend item for basic cell phone users and those that want to save on overall operational cost.

While I found the LG800g to be good and functional after an accident it wasn't working so good afterwords so I had to decide repurchase the 800g or go for this one for the same price.After having this cellphone for about a week I found it to be a good choice,the touchscreen and online capabilities are definitely better then the earlier model and with the added bonus of getting triple minutes instead of double. Again a word of warning though this is a prepaid cellphone and while it does have some decent capabilities it obviously isn't going to match up to a Samsung Galaxy and the like so if you want those bells and whistles you should just get a contract cellphone instead.The cellphone is pretty sturdy about the same as the LG800g and could probably handle a drop relatively safely(Though mine got stepped on by a heavyset person before I could pick it up again)but you can get a protective cover pretty cheap here as well if it makes you feel safer.So again for those who have needed a phone in a dire or problematic situation here's a very affordable one to get without the hassle of signing up for a yearly contract and worrying about monthly costs or early cancellation fees but also remember if you're one of those need to have the latest model to keep with the fashion crowd then obviously this phone isn't going to be for you.

gives me what i wanted in a &#34;smart phone&#34; which was basically a bigger screen and the touch feature for texting.

Not really a smart phone but it'll do. I upgrade every year since I don't do contracts. This seller had the best deal and beats getting it locally and with these store taxes etc. Can't wait to see if TF gets big enough to do the iphones and samsungs... will definitely upgrade then.

I love this phone the most.  It is serving my purpose.  I am pleased with its functionality.  I hope it stays on the market.

I do like the phone and it works well, my biggest concern is I have lost minutes without even using the phone and tracfone will not explain why.  At first they denied it was happening and said the phone was working properly, until I got someone on my home phone, that could see the minutes were deleting from my cell while it was not in use.I do not like paying for minutes that I do not get to use with the phone.

I am very happy with my new smart phone and with Tracfone.  For the minutes I got, the phone was effectively free.

I have had Tracfones for a number of years, this is my 4th upgrade. Probably size wise a little closer to the regular cell phones. Hard to get used to the super sensitivity, but working on it. The phone would be ringing and I would reach for it, and if not careful with finger placement would disconnect the call. I find the text area the hard as it asked for phone numbers, who remembers all phone numbers?? Slower but did figure out how to bring up the recipients. Also, when I receive phone calls it is the # that comes up. I Googled the problem and found out if you put no more than 10 LETTERS in the first name and nothing in the second, the name will come up. THIS IS THE # ONE COMPLAINT ON THIS PHONE......I will keep it....rather spendy.......

I bought it thinking it was going to triple my minutes... It only doubled them but I was still please with the phone itself...

Easy to use phone even for an older lady. It was easy to figure out by my self, but the one time I got stumped, Tracfone answered my questions and helped me with the set up.  It is nice to have a company that is there to help if you need them. Thanks Tracfone.

I don't know if I like it or not.Have been messing around now for about 2weeks trying to get the phone set up. won't work right.I can call but NOT receive any calls. This is a real pain in the, you know what,not having a phone. They are supposed to be sending me a new sims card.Phone was bought brand NEW, why does this not work. It is also fun, trying to talk and figure things out, speaking to someone that can't even speak ENGLISH. Can't they program and set up a new phone for me and then just mail it to me.they have all the information to do this.

I received this from Amazon a few days ago, and it is as great as everyone says.  The activation was easy, and I got the 1200 minutes and year of activation as promised. Before buying, I read all of the reviews posted here and researched on line.  The LG 840G met, and in some cases, exceeded my expectations.  It is shipped by Shopcelldeals, and I researched their reviews also.  Found a very old review that was negative, but no need to worry.  The phone arrived quickly and all promises were honored.My phone needs are simple - I use about 300 talk and text minutes per month and was tired of paying $74 a month to a phone company.  Tracfone is a radically less expensive way to stay in contact with my friends and family.  I calculate I'll be saving about $40 a month (what a relief).  I did try wifi and was quickly booted off before I could really do anything.  That's a bug I'll have to work out.  But my primary use of the phone will be for talk and text, so it isn't a deal-breaker.  I especially love the alarm.  It wakes me up to a very pleasant chime.  I plan to buy another one to use as a home-phone and back up.If you have a hefty, steady stream of income and are willing to pay, definitely get an IPhone.  But if you care more about your personal economy, then I highly recommend this phone and the awesome 1200 minute, year of service package from Amazon.The only glitch is the phone is very thin, lightweight and slick, and I wasn't able to find a gel case for it.  So it could easily slip through your fingers.  But overall, I'm very pleased with my purchase.

After much online research, I discovered that Tracfone phones CAN NOT be unlocked.The phone is nice for a guy (like me) who is just dipping his toes into the smartphone world.

This LG 840G phone is a great deal for the money. Not a smart phone, but good for basic phone use and easy on the budget. Simple to set up by going to Tracfone online. Also easy to transfer original Airtime and service date from another phone without any glitches. Transfer was almost immediate, as well. Definitely recommend this product.

For a phone with texting capability it is A-OK. WIFI is great, too when I'm at home I can check email free.

I bought one of these for myself and love it.  I wasn't sure my husband's big fingers could handle the keyboard, so didn't order one for him until he'd tested it.  No problem, so he now has one, too.  The phone is easy to use and doesn't come on unexpectedly in my purse and run the battery down.

This is supposedly the TracFone successor to the very popular LG 800G TracFone.  So if you are familiar with the LG 800G, then perhaps the best way to think of this phone is as the WiFi/3G/plus version of the LG 800G.  It is already available in some WalMart stores, and now on Amazon.  Check out the Turk Forum for actual pictures of the bubble pack.It is NOT a smart phone, and doesn't run Android.  But if it is anything like the LG 800G (which is one damn fine feature phone), it will be a runaway hit with the otherwise minimal phone use crowd that TracFone attracts.What it has (that the venerable LG 800G it replaces does not) is WiFi and 2G/3G data. And it has all the well-executed built-in widgets (Music Player, Audio, Picture Viewer, Video Recorder, Voice Recorder, Calendar, Notepad, Tasks, Stopwatch, Calculator, Tip Calculator,  Unit Converter) that came with the LG 800G, incuding a 2 MP camera.  In addition, the LG 840G has an external microSDHC card capacity up to 32GB, versus 4 GB for the LG 800G.Sorry - no GPS.  But you might be able to hook it to an external GPS if (and that is a big IF) you can find a Java app to process the GPS output.  I don't offhand know of such a Java app.  But then again, I was a long time in realizing their was a java app for facebook.The touchscreen on the LG 840G is larger (3.0") than the LG 800G (2.8" -- 320x240 pixels).  No info yet on the LG 840G screen resolution.There is a 180 page user guide (90 pages in English, 90 pages in Spanish), which is quite an improvement on the next-to-nothing user manual for the LG 800G.The LG 840G comes with triple minutes for life.It is too early to tell if all the LG 800G fanatics will migrate to the LG 840G.  But based on the high popularity of the LG 800G, I betting the LG 840G will be a hot seller.  If you are a minimal cell phone user, better get your TracFone version before they are gone.  If you are a moderate to heavy cell phone user, you might do better with the Net10 or Straight Talk versions.EDIT (26 Dec 2013):The Lg 840G continues to be THE most popular feature phone.  It is the most popular cellphone purchased on Home Shopping network (HSM.com), and the most viewed and commented on Turk Forum. Its staying power comes from its relatively low price, triple minutes for life, sensitive touchscreen, WiFi, Bluethooth, and 2/3G data capability, as well as the many well-executed built in features included.

am still getting used to the phone but seems as though I will like it.  it makes texting easy and like the triple minutes feature.

It was given a 3 because, although I liked the features of the phone itself and the prepaid 1200 units and future triple minutes,Tracfone was not able to activate it as they said there was something wrong with the phone internally that prevented it from being activated.

Recently, my old LG 300G from Safelink was starting to fail on me. As a person who didn't use his phone for much other than calls and texts, I figured that, since I lived in a more digital world, it was long overdue for an upgrade.So, after some digging, a little bit of research and one weekend later with an Amazon Gift Card, I bought this and something else for another piece of technology I own (which I am satisfied with the other purchase as well).If any of you are looking for a super-awesome smartphone that can download and run apps within minutes, just leave this page and look at what TracFone has to offer for Android phones. If you're looking for a phone that does only the simple stuff, you might be better off getting a flip-phone. If you're looking for something above the standard phone that won't break your bank,THIS is the phone for you.Already, this phone has proven to be above and beyond what I had originally expected. So far, I've toyed around with it for a little bit and found out that it comes with an MP3 playing function built-in to the system, a camera that doubles as a picture camera and a video camera, a voice recorder, WiFi and Bluetooth capabilities, a browser, an emailing app, a notepad... so much stuff on one TracFone. I'm really only scratching the surface here, too.Most of you will be pleasantly surprised that this phone comes a 2GB microSD card already inserted into the phone's microSD card slot. I myself actually switched out that for a 16GB mSDHC card I had in my tablet that refused to work, so that worked out well - I've already octupled my SD card storage without even needing to do anything too big.If you wanna insert your own SD card, you just take off the back (mind you, I did it while the phone was turned off to avoid data loss) and the mSD card is right above the battery to the right. Slide that puppy out, put in your own and you're good to go. Currently, I've only been able to test a 16GB mSDHC card in it, but if it can handle that, I'm sure that, since it's within the same model of it, this phone can handle 1GB and 2GB mSD cards and 4GB, 8GB, 16GB and 32GB mSDHC cards. As of now, I'm not sure about mSDXC, but if someone wants to test that out, they're more than welcome to.There's also some phone internal memory, but I've been able to determine that the phone itself has secure, encrypt access to that storage as it doesn't appear in my computer when I turn it on. It doesn't really bother me much, but I think that it should be open for usability on your computer when you plug it in.Speaking of which, this phone CAN be plugged into a computer as a Mass Storage Device. However, to activate that function, I'm pretty sure that you need a mSD card inserted into your phone for that to work - so far, my tower's read both the preinstalled 2GB and my 16GB, so that works out well. The folders are already installed by the phone and are clearly marked, so there's no need to worry about what goes where. You just put it where you want it to go and you're set!As of right now, I haven't really been able to test out calling functions too well, but I'm sure this phone is great at it. Texts come off of it great, too - if I had one nitpick for texting, it's that I sometimes mispress on the keyboard and write the wrong thing. Not a biggie - keyboard comes with a backspace button on it - but I wish that the screen was just a smidge bigger so that could be more prevented. However, I do kinda have big fingers and thumbs, so... that may be just me. You'll have to find out for yourself when you get it.Any updates on this phone will be posted on this feedback as well as changing of stars (possibly) as time goes on. But, for now, I guess I'm done. Hope you have fun tinkering with the phone - I sure will :DOh, and to Safelink Wireless customers looking at this phone: This DOES work with Safelink. I've already transferred my minutes and plan flawlessly to the new phone from my old LG 300G after a bit of tinkering. Just a protip, though - that Serial Number you get with the phone? Don't throw that out. That's EXTREMELY important, so keep it next to the phone until you activate it, then keep it for future possible use. Just a penny for your thoughts.UPDATE 1** I've been able to test calling on the phone and OH, BOY, is it fantastic! The signal's just as strong as it was on my old LG 300G and the call quality is flawless! Protip, though: Don't have regular old headphones plugged into the jack when someone's calling you or they won't be able to hear you. I got a call from my brother while I had my Apple Earbuds in and he couldn't hear me, so that was a bit of a downer.Photos on the phone come out great, but I'm slightly saddened by the lack of a forward-facing camera. However, it's not much of a bother to flip the phone for pictures. You just can't see the screen, but the button to take pictures is next to the "Go Back" touchspace, so that does mean you have to ready your finger before you take the photo. Other than that, works fine for me!Another protip: Using the browser when you're out and about on the 3G signal'll drain your minutes pretty quickly, so be sparing in that and use the internet when you have a WiFi connection readily available.Bluetooth works somewhat, but not completely. This phone has trouble connecting to some Androids and Apple products, so if you get this, keep that in mind if you've got a Droid or an iOS device.

I maxed out the settings for the phone volume and it still isn't as loud as my other phones I have had in the past.  I was just looking for a decent phone that does basic functions.  I am very disappointed in the volume.

unhappy to find that I cannot get free apps on this phone, why I don't know. so, rating is what it is.

I bought this to upgrade the old tracphone. It does seems to have to be charged quite often. More than the old one.

This is a nice little phone for making calls and sending test. It does ok for email. It does have internet access but is too slow to be practical.This is my fourth one of these phones. Your probably wondering why only 3 stars...This works with Tracfone. After 2 days the simm card quit working. The three stars is more of a rating of Tracfone. This is day 2 of waiting for them to resolve the issue.

it is easy to st up and easy to use . the phe holds a charge for a long time more than 24 hours

What's not to like about it. Good phone,triple minutes,no contract and works for me.Now the customer service leaves a bit to be desired but Verizon sucked also. This one is a lot cheaper and does what i need.

I am well pleased with the Tracfone.  I needed it  when I leave the house driving alone.  I also like the fact that when I purchasedminutes, I get triple minutes.

I love my new LG840 Prepaid Phone.  It meets my needs perfectly for my lifestyle. Easy to use and very stylish.

I love it.  Does everything I need - texting, easy entry of addresses, hook-up to bluetooth.  For the price it is up to par with those expensive phones out there.

Works well as a burner  Can have annoying alerts.  Not a smart phone per say but apps can be purchased

The battery, sim card, memory card, wall charger, and quick guide were inside the package. I activated it at Tracfone.com. Over there I made a search for LG840G guide. It has a lot of information, even tutorials to practice how to do it.

This phone is working well.  Reception is a little less than on the 800 but OK.  NOw if I can just get it to stop bugging me on voicemails...

Would be much more convenient if one could switch to landscape view for writing notes. Still, very good for the price

This phone does all I need it to at a very affordable price.  I use the music player when I exercise and the camera takes very good pictures.  The delivery was quick and I would recommend this phone.

this phone is perfect for me do to how much i use a cell phone, it does more than I though having everthing any other cell hone has I can text , take videos, can record, has wi-fi just a great little phone. the only problem I have is how long the battery last. I have one other problem when I order the phone I ordered a cover and a charging group as of July 9th I have not recevied the cover I order the cover is coming from Japan had I knew it was going to take so long I would not have order it. don't understand why my phone came from 3 different vendors. also the price was right, walmart sells the same phone for $59.00 I saved about $20.00

I bought this LG 840G for the excellent pricing! It has a large enough screen so I don't need my glasses on to use it. The features are simple to use.  I am not a heavy cell phone user so it does exactly what I need it to do. The call quality is good. Very easy to setup with Bluetooth in my car. The transfer of my phone number and minutes from my old tracfonr worked flawlessly.  My sister was so impressed with it she bought one too!

I got the phone very quickly, came in new sealed Tracfone packaging + 400 minute 1 year card.  I transferred the phone number from my old tracfone to this one on the website - took about 2 minutes to enter in all the serial numbers and stuff.  The phone switched over the next day - I did receive the &#34;unregistered Sim card&#34; message like some others did - but not an issue, seeing how the new phone had all my minutes and a later expiration date.  Adding the 400 minute card on the website was a breeze - I even used the promo code 86167 for a bonus 250 minutes.  When all was said and done, I ended up paying $104 for a 1 year 400 minute calling card - and got a brand new triple minutes LG 840G phone for FREE!  Great deal - way cheaper than buying from the tracfone site.

I just got the phone last night. I am very happy with the purchase. I should find the deal earlier!! This is the best deal on the prepaid phone. $100 can get 1200 minutes(tripled) /year and a nice LG 840g phone. The phone alone costs $50 on Walmart.com. But with this purchase, the phone is really free to anybody! I tested the phone including the wifi ( if you connect on your home internet wifi, no minutes will be deducted), camera, video, voice recorder. Everything is fine. And I transferred the minutes from my old cell to the new one within 15 minutes by using my Tracfone account according the instructions on the Tracfone website. You should not miss the deal!Updated info: I do not know why the phone is hard to connect to my home wifi recently, I try to figure out the issue. otherwise the phone is good.

Best phone that I have had. So easy to use and I love the triple minutes. Only complaint is that it doesn't hold a charge as long as others that I have had. Not a real problem, just put it on charger more often.

Just what we expected and great call quality. Long battery life and would buy again at this price. A long time Tracfone user

We decided on a new phone because the service we had wasn't meeting our needs.  We liked the way it functioned and that there was no payments except for airtime.

I really like this phone so far.  Haven't had it that long but so far its not disappointed me.  I'm waiting for my case to arrive so that I can put it on and have some protection.

I can't believe I waited this long to switch.  Dumping my pricey T-mobile account and switching to the crazy affordable Tracfone has been fantastic. I was a little disappointed by the phone selection offered by Tracfone until I saw this LG 840G. It looks, and mostly acts like a smartphone at a fraction of the cost.  The camera is great and touchscreen is a breeze and very responsive.  This deal bundled with a year of minutes is by far the cheapest available anywhere.

This is just shy of being a smart phone, which is really all we needed. It allows my wife to easily text, something new to her, and processes photos much faster and larger. For someone not very tach savvy, my wife, it is very user friendly. Much better value than I had at first thought it would be. well worth the investment.

The first one did not arrive so seller shipped another one. After one hour on the phone with foreign techs at first we got it to work, then time and hours dissapeared, and now it says the sim card is rejected call 911. I think they put a used phone in a new package??

The phone is OK except that one can barely hear the caller's voice.  Others have tried my phone and agreed that they cannot hear from it, though the caller can clearly hear my voice from the phone.  Never had trouble with my old old Nokia.  Disappointed.

the phone  is crap... look at it and the settings change... no need to touch.  very frustrating,  buy a dial phone, you will be happier..

I bought this phone since I don't use a phone much but wanted to be able to access my email and the internet if I had to. Wifi is free and an awesome addition on this prepay phone! Touch sensitive and has the necessities we've come to appreciate on a phone.

I've had MANY contract phones over, @ least, a 20yr period, & never realized how much these cell phones have evolved.  Over the years my cell phone usage has DROPPED considerably but my bill never seemed to change with Sprint.  After being a &#34;Premier&#34; customer of 15 years, and my bank account literally being &#34;raped&#34; every month with a payment that amounted to a car payment, I BROKE my contract, ported my # to this Tracfone & so far, it is, by far, the BEST investment I've made!!!  It's just as good as the &#34;BIG&#34; companies except this time I'M in control, not them!!  Maybe this might not work for the HEAVY user, but with the way things have &#34;slowed&#34; down in my life, I should've done this 4 or 5 years ago and SAVED THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS - with the phone upgrades, adding additional lines, late fees, renewing the contract for an additional 2 years, on and on and ON!!!!  This has been a load off of me!!!!  I appreciate the fast delivery everything went smoothly as far as getting the service on and porting my # (for me it only took less than an hour!!!!). Thank You!!!

Great phone to have for anyone who needs one for travel and emergencies. Have had it for almost two months and carry it with me wherever I go. Really nice looking phone and the triple minutes is handy to have should one need to use them. Has plenty of nifty features and the display is very good. Love the touch screen feature. The activation process was very easy to do and the phone was ready for use almost immediately after. Works great.

I have never had any problems with my tracfones. This one like all the others. It has not let me down, and the service is great being I live in the boonies!! Love my tracfones.

Supposedly this comes with triple minutes ( for life). I get only double minutes, and there's no way to contact them about it.

So far I love the phone. Still waiting to have my phone number switched as I preferred to keep my old one. It does take awhile. Other than that looks amazing. Should work great for me as I only use it as a cell phone with limited use.Better than paying a monthly rate for something I don't use. Beside, finally got a nice phone rather than a hand me down from my husband. WHOO HOO!

Not a true smart phone but way better than my old flip phone! Better coverage, more amenities on the phone.

This is a great bargain - for the air time, as well as being a nice phone.  It's our third tracfone, and our best yet.On a side note, you can have any custom ring tone, but it must be in .AMR format.  There are web sites where  you can upload an MP3 file and get it converted to AMR, which I've done.  I have used other phones which can use MP3 files as ring tones, but that doesn't seem to be the case with this one.I have tried it out with WiFi web browsing and email, added a few apps, and used the camera, but actually just use it for the phone.  For people interested in adding apps, this phone uses Java and not Android.  There are free apps around, but not a lot.  Don't get it if you want to add a lot of apps.From reading other reviews, I was under the impression it might have some GPS location and mapping capability, but that wasn't quite correct.  I think it can use a mapping app like Google Maps but it can only get its location by cell tower triangulation - there's no GPS hardware in the phone.  (That would be a lot to ask at this price!)

Excellent. Its as close to a smart phone as Tracfone offers. I would recommend it to anyone that uses Tracfone as their cell phone provider.

Excellent everyday phone for the person that doesn't need all the bells and whistles plus the triple minutes are great.This phone is great for the person that uses it for emergencies or just basic phone calls.It does have a lot of options such as text,wifi,bluetooth and others but I just need a basic phone.Be sure to buy a cover for it because it can be slippery plus getting the screen saver would be helpful too.

I still am happy with the LG 840G Tracfone with Triple Minutes.  All is working as advertised.  Actually, I found more features than I expected after looking into the documentation.  It was easy to activate and there are places for bonus minutes that can be found with a little Google search.  I even got an extra 10 minutes because when I first went to activate I declined in order to do it later so Tracfone gave me 10 minutes of connect time to get back to them.  The only inconvenience was getting (Spanish) calls for the previous owner of my phone number.  That seems to have stopped after three months.

Awesome phone!  Is user friendly, has everything I need and was a great deal!  Almost like getting the phone for free.

I replaced an LG800G. The LG840G is a great improvement over the LG800G. I like the touch screens, apps, 3G, and unlock feature much better on the LG840G.

I moved up to the TracFone LG 840G from the TracFone LG 800G phone and I really like the 840 over the 800.  With the 800 carried in my shirt pocket, I was always bumping the display and  several times "it" (the LG 800G)  dialed phone numbers accidently including 9-11 once.  Big surprise!  That does NOT happen with the 840! Not one time has the 840 accidently dialed a number.  The two phones menus are close enough to where I didn't have to read the owner's manual for the new 840.  If you are a TracFone customer, buy it.  Period.

Bought pay-as-you-go triple minutes for life Tracfones to get out of the monthly bills and contracts.  This is the way to go.  Very affordable and just techy enough to do what you need, but not so advanced so you never get off the phone.  Great for kids and watching your spending.  The app's this one has are really nice--basic, plus a little bit more---which is all I wanted.  Only thing is, it doesn't utilize a full qwerty keyboard for all your entries, like doing email.  It's a bit of a pain, but I think it just keeps me off there when I don't need to be on it anyway.  I'll use a pc to do that instead.  Otherwise, no complaints.

I was hesitant to switch to Tracfone from StraightTalk after my RAZR (um, yeah, greetings from 2004) died recently but I found so many helpful comments here for LG 840G that I decided to try it. I'm very pleased with the phone itself and am impressed with the capacitive touch screen, it does seem like a solid, well-built phone.From the comments here I learned about the Triple Minutes For Life, promo codes (was able to get an additional 250 airtime units as a result), and how to set it up to maximize the hardware. I can't remember all the commenters' names but I thank you big time for helping me save so much money and getting the phone working with Google Maps & Opera Mini --getting rid of the weird keypad in those apps, and just tons of other stuff.The only problem I have at the moment is with Tracfone itself, I've spent the better part of the day trying to communicate with CS on their inscrutable support forums in order to get MMS and other problems receiving/viewing image files solved. I'm sure it'll work out, because between the helpful people here in the Reviews and HowardForums, I've managed to work through other kinks. It's just a matter of time.All in all, considering the terrific value of this phone, its quality, and the minutes package, I guess it's worth the inconvenience of having to deal with a less than customer-friendly phone service company. But then, which ones are?Edit: I just wanted to add that Tracfone corporate CS team was very helpful in getting MMS/Data working on my phone so it's all good now. If you need help, try their FB page or posting on HowardForums where they'll PM you.

Old tracfone was a flipfone but not convenient to text with. This LG840G in right what I want and texting is simple.

After three weeks 2 phones and 3 hours on the phone with cust svc. I still cannot send pics with my texts.  The phone charged me @ 8 min. per text but the text did not go through? The original phone  could not connect w/ the web without a Wi-Fi connection.  I am going to use up these min and then throw it in the trash.  My advise__go to Walmart and get on there family plan for unlimited everything for 40 a month and spend the money for a real smart phone because this one is really not for anyone who wants to get on the web.

The phone has so many features!  It is very easy to use!  I love that the words and numbers are bigger (an age thing)!

Not as easy to use as I thought it would be.  Cannot buy a cover for it, and it's somewhat confusing to use.The Tracfone flip phone was much simpler.  Of course I like the triple minutes for a life time.  No manual came with it, and There is no &#34;help&#34; on the phone itself.  One has to go online to get the manual or help -- frustrating and time consuming!

Perfect phone for someone like me who only needs it now and then. Low cost and works well, still learning about all the features......

I do like this phone for my use after getting used to it.  I had trouble at first getting to unlock, but after having it for awhile, I have learned to get it to work very nicely.

For the average user that I am, the price, no contract (best part), savings, etc. is awesome!!.  I'm simplified in a complicated world, this is complication simplified.  Thanks!!

Great phone. The only problem was a bad SIM card which would not allow the phone to be activated. Reactions took care of problem.

This phone does exactly what I need it to do - make calls and keep track of things.  I wanted a Tracfone with better reception than my old Motorola flipfone and this one has done extremely well, even in remote areas.  Very pleased!  :)

Purchased this for my son; he downloaded a ring tone and said it never worked after that.  After spending quite a while on the phone with customer service (yes, from India) he couldn't get it to operate properly.  Since I was hesitant to buy another online, I got him a replacement from Target so he could return it immediately if it failed.  So far so good, that one is working well.

This phone is handy, easily read, and simple to use.  There is no 'learning' period.  I don't use a phone a great deal, but wanted this one for emergency purposes.  I recommend it to anyone who isn't glued to a phone.

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE FOR WHEN I'M OUT DRIVING AROUND IN CASE AN ACCIDENT WE'RE TO OCCUR.BLUETOOTH PAIRS NICELY WITH MY EAR PIECE. NO MORE FUMBLING TO ANSWER. AS FAR AS WEB OR PICSDON'T BOTHER. LIMITED USE IN THOSE RESPECTS.

INSTALLING THE VOICE MAIL IS EXTREMELY AS COMPARED TO MY PREVIOUS LG CELL PHONE. SINCE THIS IS A PREPAID PHONE FOR MY CELL ACCOUNT USE, I HAVE LOST MANY, MANY MINUTES ATTEMPTING TO INSTALL WITH MY VERBAL REPLY TO CALLS I AM AT THAT TIME UNABLE TO ANSWER.

This little phone is perfect for me. My galaxy was monstrous. Couldn't clip in on my jeans. Just too inconvenient. Not to mention saving $70.00 a month. Smart choice for my self.

Great entry level web enabled phone. Good battery life, it has enough built in memory to store about fifty complete music albums. If you do a lot of web surfing or e-mailing get a higher performing phone.

I like this phone it was a great buy and were I live we don,t have cell service and all the others have plans,but it has not been working some times so I will have to send back and hope they will return it

I expected a better instruction book with the product.  It isn't thorough for a beginner like me. Frustrating with insufficient explanations.I received it quickly & thank you.

Bought this phone for my 13 yr old son & it is perfect! Didn't want to pay too much money for a phone but wanted something reliable that he can't run the bill up on. Excellent choice with decent features. Would recommend to friends & family!

This is a beautiful cell phone and has more features than I will ever use.  It is smaller than most &#34;smart phones&#34; and much easier and convenient to carry.  The triple minutes is a real plus and substantially reduces the cost of usage.  Tracfone has a real winner with this cell phone and I would highly recommend it.

I enjoy the upgrade on this phone,is easy to learn to use, and love the triple minutes.With each phone,tracfone makes it better,keep up the good work.

I had a LG 800 that was a great little phone. It developed problems with the microphone. The feature I like most was the triple minutes that was part of the purchase package. The LG840 reviews suggested this was be the perfect upgrade. I am very happy with the choice, new features and the triple minute air time minute deal. I am still discovering features that make this a very nice phone even thought it's not a smart phone.

like a lot but need to get use to them so much different than my old phone but expect to get the hang of it with practice

This is good to use it only as a phone. The browser is challenging to use. Response to the touchscreen is quite decent. Good for the price. I did have some calls dropping. Not sure if that was a tracfone issue or LG phone problem. Buy it for $30 or less.

It is not a Smartphone, but it is perfect for my needs. Love the wifi and would recommend using GoogleVoice to save on minutes.

I bought this phone at a k-mart and I am so impressed with it I am actually taking the time to write this review - this phone is definitely not android but that's what i like about it - no worries about apps crashing and freezing up your phone. The only thing is I wish it had gps. however the WiFi is great and the touch screen is crisp and texts better than my brother's android (no really it does) The basic menu background is sort of a letdown,it's just paper white and just looks wrong(the picture on amazon shows this,the home screen is fine though)  you'll need to load your own ring tones as there is only about two useful ones installed, of course this is a Tracfone trademark and they don't want to break their record:) I've owned more Tracfones than i'm proud of and overall this is the best one yet,by far, hands down.

Have been searching for an answer to our over priced Verizon plan. This was the ticket for our needs and lifestyle. I am going to seriously enjoy not having to pay way too much for cell service. Thank you for the great product in a super speedy fashion.

As advertised and is much better than the LG800G.

Upgraded from a LG500g, wanted something with a bigger keyboard. This phone is NOT a smart phone, it has mobile web access, is wifi capable, has bluetooth (all functional) and it looks sleeker then the LG500. Triple minutes are nice but I don't get the catch, texts cost the same, not sure about the rate for phone calls, sending data costs a little more than my old phone. Something must cost more for them to give you triple minutes. Again, this phone is Java based and is NOT a smart phone. Overall, not a bad phone for what it is.

This is a good phone for everyday use.  Works everywhere.  The best thing is that if you loose it, you won't be responsible for outrageous phone bills.

After finally being able to talk to a real person about activating my phone I love it.  It's difficult to get to talk to real people at tracfone but when you do they are very good  helpful.

It has been very satisfactory and is exactly what I wanted in reading the specs before purchasing the phone.

It is nice to be able to adjust the font size.  But the adjustment does not extend to the web which often has such small print I can't make all of it out even with a 3X magnifying glass.

THIS PHONE IS A PIECE OF GARBAGE!!!!!!!! I have nothing else to say BUT don't buy this phone, it's tooooo sensitive for one thing you spend more time trying to navigate through the phone more than anything. I didn't even get chance to make a phone call after activating it, once i saw how difficult it was to JUST navigate through phone i threw it back in box and its ready to be returned. you cant read the screen too small and i just don't want be bothered or have the time to mess with these buttons. they need to stop selling these phones honestly. PLEASE SAVE YOURSELF THE FRUSTRATION I ONLY WISH I HAD

Keyboard not available in all modes but ok for the price (the 400 minute card is $99) that makes the phone free.

I bought the LG840 about two months ago from Tracfone's website. It came with a charger. When it came my old Tracfone number and minutes were transfered without a problem. Also I used bluetooth to send all my old contacts over. The phone has a nice screen and back. Its speakers are loud enough, and the headphone jack works. Calling and messaging works well. I can text in landscape mode, which was the main reason I upgraded my phone. Its touch screen has yet to miss when i tap it. It features a calander app, working alarm, mp3 player, rear view camera, reminders (they call it tasks), voice recorder, video recorder, notepad, stopwatch, calculators, and a unit converter. It also can browse mobile web on wifi. It has an email app, but I havent used it yet. Battery life is pretty average. Also to unlock the phone you either have to slide up, or after pressing the unlock button press the unlock button again. You cant make any calls including 911 until after the phone is unlocked. Finally memory is low, I'd estimate it can hold about 150 songs.Prostexts in landscapewifitouchscreenhas app and contact shortcuts on main screenConscameracan be a hassel to put music on via bluetoothmemory

Great phone, even better deal! Price at Tracfone for 400 minutes is $99. Get this phone with triple minutes and a 250 min bonus for $99. Can't be beat. And did I mention it's a great phone? Then there's the WiFi that lets you connect to internet without using minutes.

Good solid phone . Texting is easy and contacts has room for lots of information. IE. Street address,emailI don't use it for internet so I can't comment.  One thing, it is cheaper to buy a new phone with one year of service than to buy one year of service but you have to put your contacts in manually.Buy the rubber case because the phone can be slippery

I've always liked wireless phones, but they can be unnecessarly expensive. I just got my LG 840G w/triple minutes today for $29.00. I Activated it from the tracphone.com website, spent $23.00 for 3 months of service, and 3 hours of talktime (there are 2 months and 20 minutes on it already); all total 5 months of service, with 200 minutes, and un-used minutes roll over. The LG 840G is firm and has weight, but i'm still getting a hardened case for it. You obviously can get online, check email or net. search; but most of us have Notebooks now. The sound and connection call tests went well, and the very responsive Touch/Slide Screen is sweet. It has Alarms, Caller ID many Apps. availible etc. I'm un-able to say anything bad about my new wireless telephone, now I won't miss important calls, and can check email without being in a Wi-Fi zone, and the coverage area in Washington or the West Coast is massive. A really good bargain, made by awesome slaves in China, I luv the chinese.

Wanted to update my cell phone from an old flip up LG phone to this one. Easy to use, and everyone that has called me on this phone I can hear clearly. I like the camera, and video camera features. It has bluetooth, and WiFi, but I don't use them only because I can use my computer. But over all, I'd say this phone is Tracphone's best. If you want to update your phone, I'd recommend this phone, and buy it thru Amazon at a cheaper price.

I have recommend this phone to a neighbor and they are just as happy with it as I am. Top quality

I am loving this LG840g! It sure has made texting easier than ever. Plus I seem to get service in a larger area than my old one. It was time for me to upgrade and I am really happy with this one. The phone paired with our car and truck effortlessly, also. Amazon has a good deal on it and offers accessories at very reasonable prices. This is the best one yet! GM in PA

Worked great out of the box. Activated phone, added triple minutes. One month after using it now I cant use it, message says 'sim unrecognized'.

No QWERTY keyboard. This annoys the heck out of me when I'm trying to add a new contact, or do anything on the internet. I'm not really a computer person, so I don't know what a jar/jad whatever is, and I have no clue what any of the fixing tutorials mean. It would be great to be able to simply switch it to the QWERTY keyboard, without all these hacks.

I like it but sometimes have trouble touching the screen accidentally when picking it up or removing from the carrying case to answer a call. I wish it had a switch that would allow handling and viewing incoming calls.

anywhere you go you have a good signal, why can't my sprint android work this well, but calling it internet capable, yeah right, you get tracfone internet, which is crap. for a phone it is a good preformer.

This phone is so readyand yes rating is excellentI choose this item because this is pay as you go no monthly pay ments

this phone takes care of all my personal needs has a good camera and access to the internet and other items

Phone is not all that easy to figure out and the documentation was obviously written by high school kids in India with little familiarity with English. or refugees from that company that built the Obamacare website. For this price,one can't be all that picky though.

works great,can read without my reading glasses. didn't realize there's no flashlight. I like the triple minutes and the promo codes for extra minutes on tracfone.com

This phone may not have apps or a lot of features but the quality of the phone is great. The touch is very sensitive and responsive. The phone itself is quick and actually looks decent. I would recommend this phone as great only short of an iphone or android.

*****FULL DISCLOSURE***** I am coming from an old Nokia 6019i that served me pretty well since I got it back in the early 2000's so anything is a step up.What I like about this particular phone (LG 840G) are its many features which the Nokia lacked such as the camera; WiFi capability; ease of typing text messages; Blue Tooth capability; music player; calendar; etc. The main selling point for me was that this phone adds the times the minutes every time for as long as you have the phone. So yeah I am liking this phone so far.Photo: I took a few pictures with this phone that came out O.K.

I upgraded my phone from the LG800G to the LG 840G and am very pleased with it's performance. The wifi and 3g speeds are very fast. I love the capacitive touchscreen. The only negative is the inoperative javascript.

I live in a somewhat rural area, and the default carrier provides poor reception in this area.  I created a help ticket to see how to switch towers, but never heard back.As an inexpensive phone in an area with strong coverage, this would be a good choice for basic phone and text.

I had called Tracfone to find out about this phone and was told that it was an iphone and that I could donwload Pandora Internet Radio on it.  After four days and many phone calls to tracfone, I found out that it was not an Iphone and that I could not download Pandora.  But the people at Tacfone lied to me and said I could.  I am returning the product first thing in the morning and have to cancel all of the accessories that I ordered from Amazon for this phone.  I think I will just refuse them and let them send them back to Amazon.  VERY DISGUSTED WITH TRACFONE.

Just as advertised - Very happy with phone and triple minutes plus I had a Tracfone bonus for 250 extra minutes. Great service for the price!

I am sending this phone back.  When I called to activate my phone they told me that this phone could not be activated in my area and that I would have to purchase a new phone.  Very disappointed.  I did not see any information about this phone only working in certain locations.

This is a good prepaid phone. The vendor shipped it reasonably quickly. Brand new in a box with instructions how to add the minutes. I went to Tracfone's website and activated the phone. I actually transfered the number from another Tracfone LG 800G the previous model I guess. So I was up and running in about 5 minutes with the transfered number, minutes and activation all done on the website. So easy. The bonus code on the website worked for an extra 250 minutes. I knocked off one star. The Bluetooth phone address book does not work in my car. That's kind of stupid when they have a newer model and drop some features that are really useful. The older LG 800G did.

I would have given this phone 5 stars, but for the one issue I have with it.  Texting is so difficult since my fingers are too wide, and I keep hitting the wrong letter unless I'm super slow and careful, which is an extreme pain.  Other than that, this phone is triple minutes for life, has wi-fi capability with no loss of minutes as long as you connect to a router before you hit the browser button, and it feels and looks good.  Like most LG products, this should be a keeper...but please, LG....on your next phone make the keyboard useable for guys (and girls) with wider fingers!

Like the phone very much. Texting is slower than I would like because of frequent typos. Touch screen is sensitive and need to hit keys exactly to get the letters correctly.This has been the only problem.

I bought this for my husband.  He needed something with a bigger screen and a bigger keypad.  The phone is very sturdy and seems well built for a man.  He is very pleased with it.  I have one too, and am very happy with it.  We use our phones for mostly calls.  I use for the internet sometimes.  I have had mine  about 6-months.  No problem what so ever.  It needs recharging about every 7-10 days.depending on use.

I downgraded from a t-mobile smart phone and honestly for basic txt and talking this is a good phone. Even better for parents who want to give a young kid a cell without a contract, maybe a first cell trial... I think this phone meets my basic needs...

best deal for on a smart phone and the good to control the kids via trac fones pre paid system

A tracfone is a wonderful concept.  No contracts, just phone cards.  The biggest problem I've found is that half the time I get the message &#34;Service not Available&#34;, when I am trying to make a call.  This absence of the ability to make a call for an extended period of time, is a serious problem.  I'm not sure what I would do if my house was on fire or I had an emergency. I have contacted their service department and got suggestions about &#34;bar&#34; available, but that doesn't seem to be the problem.  I suspect that the available phone &#34;lines&#34; are full and you have to wait in line. So, you  might need a back-up in case of emergencies.

Well, I needed a new phone and was ready to get rid of Sprint. My sis has Tracfone and is satisfied with that service so I went with them, and this phone came with a bunch of  minutes, so, I thought it would suffice. It is very difficult to find a phone that is simple, easy to use, and intuitive. I don't do a lot of texting, and I did not want a phone with a slide out keyboard...just something that is reliable. So, my choices are rather limited. After having this phone for several weeks, I think I could have made a better choice because there are several things that I do not like about this one.First, it is very difficult for me to find the screen that I want. When I go from stand-by to a screen, it is usually because I want to make a call. In my way of thinking, I would like the screen that pops up to be my frequently called numbers, but there is not a way to program this phone so that happens consistently. I get an arbitrary screen, and must hunt around for frequently called numbers. You can punch a number for speed dial, but then why bother to take someone's picture, put it on a favorites screen, then not be able to access that screen instantly?Next, I would prefer to enter names and numbers into my phonebook using the screen's QWRTY  keyboard rather than  the old-fashioned phone method (eg. pressing the number &#34;7&#34; four times to get to the letter &#34;t&#34;). I would also like to use the QWRTY keyboard for Calendar events but cannot access it. It takes so long to input Calendar items that I don't even use this function. Really, the only thing I believe the keyboard comes up for is texting, which I don't do often.Also, there is a handy place to write notes to yourself, but, in that app, you cannot make a list because there is not a return key. Once again, because the keyboard cannot be used. I would like to make a &#34;to do&#34; list or a grocery list, but you only have the option of writing out sentences, which, when it gets long enough will finally move to the next line. This makes reading your note as a &#34;list&#34; more difficult. .Next, the touchscreen is not responsive, so instead of scrolling to the next or the previous page, you wind up selecting an item that you didn't intend to. I guess I am just used to my iPad's touch screen which is so excellent, that many other products seem far inferior.Next, the speakerphone is not available until after you answer a call. I would like to answer my phone using speaker, not have the caller wait and not talk until the symbol decides to pop up and I can find and engage it.Finally, when you check messages, there is not an instant way to disconnect. You have to scroll to a previous page to end the voicemail connection. And yes, this only takes a couple of seconds, but they are seconds that I have to pay for...and as I previously mentioned, this phone can be a little temperamental when using the touch screen.OK...what I do like is that the letters on the screen are large enough for me to read. I had to take one phone back because the font could not be adjusted. And silly me...I thought they all could. And, the sound quality is good.It is just a shame that you have to purchase a product before you realize that you don't like it.

The LG 840 isn't quite a 'smart phone,' hence the title of my review. It is a great phone for the price (mine was about $50 at Best Buy with 1200 minutes, which basically paid for the phone) and has many of the same features as a smart phone. Like some of the other reviewers, I also was upgrading from an LG800, which was OK for receiving and sending calls, but fell way short in terms of touch sensitivity for texting, scrolling or dialing and didn't have wifi.The 840's capacitive touch is very good (not quite as good as my wife's Nokia 822 Windows phone, but plenty good)and the wifi capability gives you many of the same connectivity features as a high-priced, contract smart phone. Call quality is good, the camera (2 megapixels) takes adequate photos and the memory is expandable up to a 32-GB micro-SD card, if you need that much.Transferring my number from my old phone to my new one only took a few minutes on the Tracfone website, and although my old SIM card was not transferable to the new 840, Bluetooth lets you easily move contacts from one phone to another without having to manually input each one (a great time-saver).If you don't want or need the higher functioning smart phones and the two-year contract that locks you in, then I would easily recommend this phone and Tracfone's service.

This phone is just what I was looking for. Easy to use, plus a great price for what you are getting.

The phone is very toy like.  If you needed something for voice, notes, medium quality camera, then this might do it for you.It has speaker phone but sound is distorted because it has to be turned all the way up to hear.Also person on the other end of call seems to fade in and out, not drastically but enough to notice.Forget the internet.  Getting anywhere takes forever and you get a very watered down version of very specific mobile sites (GSM??).  Not worth using for internet.The service coverage is great, no dropped calls, no problems making or receiving calls.  I've taken a trip from Galveston, TX to Fredericksburg (hill country) and had 3 bars the whole time.  Calls are steady and strong even in no mans land.You can't sync the phone to PC and you have limitations on how much input with calendar, notes, contacts, etc... Not good for keeping calendar appointments, interface is very rudimentary and difficult to enter because of the lack of QWARTY input and screen view, very large text, not much shows on screen.Also the air time goes fast.  It starts the second you place a call (whether it's answered or not), the first ring, during messages (getting and receiving).  Internet usesminutes at about 2x as fast and gets you nothing worth seeing.  I need something with unlimited minutes and will be switching this and try one of the unlimited plans from Net10 (same company) or Straight Talk as they both seem to have the good coverage.I think with the basic phone I would have been much happier with the service.  Seems a waste to buy a phone with all these features that seem to be made by a toy manufacturer.Very watered down features.  I've researched and it seems the phones with a G at the end of the model number are watered down versions of REAL phones.CUSTOMER SERVICE IS PRETTY BAD.  I was on the phone 30min before someone answered then I was put on hold for another 20 minutes before someone could actually answer my question as to how to return the phone.  "Just ship it back" but you have to pay for postage and wait 30 days for refund.

No trouble activating. Phone is pretty easy to figure out and navigate. Not tech-savvy and have never owned a cell phone before. More than meets my needs for a business phone that also looks professional. Highly recommend.

I recently bought this at a Walmart as a replacement for my lg800g. This is very easy to use and iphone 4s and some ipod 4 cases fit this epic one of a kind phone!

I switched from a smart phone to a trackfone because I was sick of the big bills, this has definetly cured that!  What I used to spend a month I now spend in 10!  Phone itself works good, no issue at all.

Bought this phone to keep in touch with family members while traveling around the USA, it worked perfectly. The phone is a joy to use and did everything I could want it to.

The Tracfone LG840G is my first touch screen and I am very happy with it so far. The touch screen sensitivity is easy to use.  This must be a very new product because the info available is very limited especially area code info.  I purchased mine through Shopcelldeals via Amazon.com and they quickly confirmed it would work in my area code even though Walmart's website indicated it would not. Tracfone's website has a very detailed user's guide which I needed because I am a new touch screen user.  I was able to connect to my Gmail account after Gmail's security warned me and required me to confirm that I wanted to login from that phone. If I find any problems with it I will write another review. ~M  {:>)LG 840G Prepaid Phone With 1200 Minutes and Triple Minutes (Tracfone)My Wi-Fi wasn't staying connected to my Netgear router until I entered the phone's Mac address into the wireless settings from the router login site. WARNING- write down the Mac addresses for your other devices before you add the LG840g. For some reason my other devices were deleted when I added the Mac address for the LG840g. Now I have to find the Mac addresses for the other devices and re-enter them. You can find the LG840g's Mac address on the Wi-Fi screen by touching the icon for the drop down menu. ~M  {:>)

This phone is easy to use but had a problem setting up with TracFone.  Took two days to activate.  The phone, itself, has been easy to use.  But, I still have features to explore.  But, yes, I do like the phone.

I like it, it has some better features than the one it replaced.  It satisfy's our needs and that is what counts.

The LG840 is a nice phone for Calling and texing, however I found it somewhat difficult to set up your Email. It can also be very expensive to use the web. I wish TracFone had an unlimited minutes plan.

The camera & video camera features did not work & I have returned the phone for credit. Very disappointed as this was a new phone in the original package & could not get a replacement for it. I had to buy one in the store locally & then have my minutes & time transferred to the new one. Huge hassle with the Trac Phone company reps who barely speak English & understand even less. They are absolutely the worst company I have ever tried to deal with!!!!!!

Purchased 3 of these phones, one for father in law, one for daughter, and upgrade for me from LG800G.  Other two LG840Gs work fine, my phone has defective headphone jack - audio out of only one channel.  Not fault of my skullcandy earbuds because they work perfect in iPod Touch.  Also be careful which earbuds you buy to use with this phone if you want all features of earbuds to work - the volume control and microphone on skullcandy earbuds don't work with this phone.

My LG800 was coming due for another year of service, so I checked Tracfone to see if they had any new phones and found this phone on their site.  Then I came to Amazon to read reviews, and found if I bought this deal, I'd be paying for a year's service and almost getting the phone free.First off, this isn't a smartphone.  A different website is marketing it as a smartphone and ticking off its customers who are giving it bad reviews.  As long as you know it's a feature phone and are comparing it to other feature phones, you should be very pleased with it.I don't know why the manufacturer chose to use the promo photo of the menu screen with the cartoon-like icons on a pale blue background.  That was almost enough to cause me not to take a closer look.  The actual three home screens are classy and professional and are customizable to where you rarely have to go to the cheesy menu screen.What makes this a huge step up from the LG800 is the new touch screen, which feels smooth and responsive.  The LG800 had a pressure type touch screen that could make you want to scream.  Typing out texts on the older phone was also so painful.  I'd try to find a pencil and use the eraser to type with, but on this new phone I can use my real fingers and it's actually not too bad.The internet usage on the old phone was something I did only on the rare emergency situation.  It would take me about five minutes to navigate to my email or one of my other accounts.  On this phone I can get right there, using bookmarks that I've set up.  On a screen this small, surfing the web isn't fun, but if you need to check something, you can and it's not too painful.The wifi is nice for setting up bookmarks, finding how to get around on the internet, and downloading pictures and whatnot.  If I'm somewhere that offers free wifi, I can certainly check what I need to online and not worry about using minutes, but if I'm at home, beyond the novelty of it, I'm not going to replace my laptop or my Samsung Galaxy player with this.  I haven't used the 3g to get on the internet, but I will when I have to.You can put your movies on it using Handbrake with the Ipod touch setting and making the width 320, keep aspect ratio, and let it choose the height automatically.  Pretty good picture.  Again, this would be for emergency situations when I'm away from the house and am bored and need to kill some time, since a screen this small isn't going to be as good an experience as a larger screen.Call clarity is great, and the ringtone is the loudest I've ever had, which is good for hearing my phone when it's in my pocket.  It's not a smart phone but I'm only paying $8.00 a month and I'm happy.

I did not pay a lot of money for this phone; however, if I had to do it all over again, I would make another purchase.The most annoying thing about this Tracfone is that it took 2 days to get it activated, i never did get the opportunity to add minutes, as their customer service said there was something wrong with my card (after getting me to give them my card info 2x).  And two days later, my card was &#34;hacked&#34; into.So, there goes my money.......My nephew will have to wait for Verizon.

i bought the lg800g but when i got the lg840g i was alot more happier . texting on the 800 hundred was a pain but 840 was little less difficult. some features i do miss but over all of getting this phone im happy. the wifi is what drove me to buying this pone . touch screen is more responsive over the 800 model.  my friend is thinking getting rid of his 800 model by seeing my model

This was purchased for my son who is an avid texter.  He was tired of his old phone which requires a stylus for &#34;touch&#34; screen capability and wanted the finger touch version.  So far he loves this, and the UI is much like the Apple even though it is Android.  It has wi-fi which is awesome with our home network AND the high school which now supports BYOD for the kids.  Plus he gets triple minutes which amps his texting.  Now if he could only get me to text!

the phone has really nice features but the battery wont hold a charge more  than 2 days whether its used or not.

I don't talk much on the cell phone but when I need it works great. Good connection and good sound .

I use my phone mostly for texts & calls; don't use it to browse the web. If you're a browser, pass on this & get a different phone & plan. For basic use, I love this. It's sturdy, reliable and gets excellent reception. Cheaper by about $20 than getting it from Tracfone. With the triple minutes deal, I end up paying less than 5-cents/minute (amd you can do even better if you talk a lot), and here's how.If you buy 200 minutes @ $39.95 (includes 90-days of talk time), it's tripled to 600 minutes with this phone. That comes out to just under 7-cents/minute. Before you check out, you are given the option to buy an additional 200 (600) mins, w/o talk-time, for just $20. Combine that with a bonus (usually offered - 40 minutes or so but NOT tripled) and you end up paying just $60 for 1200+ minutes; 5-cents or less per minute. I'm an average user (300 to 400 min/mo), so this works out great and I always have unused talk+time that's carried over. A pretty good deal.The phone works great (download a PDF manual for full instructions), includes a 2MP camera, takes good SD video (w/sound), voice recorder for notes, file manager, task manager and Wi-Fi along with the standard phone stuff. The speaker phone function is very good, or you can go Bluetooth, if you want. It also includes a pretty decent MP3 player.For the money, this is an excellent phone for someone who doesn't need a true &#34;Smart Phone&#34;. While you can go on line, it burns up minutes as fast as a lit match disposes of rolling paper - fast! Texting is good and you are charge 0.3 minutes per 160-character text, so a very long text will use almost a minute of time: not bad when you buy your time at 5-cents a minute or less.I've had my 840G for about 1 1/2 yrs with no issues, and got one for my son almost a year ago. He's happy with his as I am with mine. I do recommend that you spend and extra $4 to get a rubber casing; it helps if you drop it.

Touch screen phone with no button to press.  Nice large number and letters to use when calling and texting. Very user friendly. Best phone I've gotten at this price.  Actually, I paid twice as much for a T-Mobile phone that wasn't a touch screen and wasn't user friendly and I wasn't able to access the internet. You can with this phone. The camera takes very clear pictures, even in poor lighting.The triple minutes are a bonus.  You can transfer your current number to this phone.  Activation is simple. The phone comes with 10 minutes to start. The reception on my phone is good. It's better than my previous T-Mobile phone. I couldn't even use that phone in my house.  I had to go outside to get reception. No problems using this one inside. The phone is streamline and measures about 3" by 5".Tracfone has various plans. For 19,99, I got 180 minutes that need to be used within the next 5 months. Minutes do carry over if more are purchased before the current minutes expire. Tracfone also offers monthly plans starting at 9.99. Monthly plans can be cancelled at anytime. This is a good phone whether it is to be used just occasionally for people that just want a phone for when they really need it, and it's a good phone for people that use the phone often, but do not want a contract.

my husband got us each one for Christmas.  We have had the basic tracfones for many years and always loved them so we thought we'd upgrade a bit.....WHAT A MISTAKE!!!  These phones are so touchy and they change the way they ring on their own.  When you try to answer a call, you wind up either disconnecting or stopping the ring and losing call.  Very Annoying.  We called customer service for help and spent a LONG time on phone(used  our old landline so we lost no minutes!!) trying to fix the different problems.  Don't buy any phones from LG!!  Motorola's were always just great...but not these!  We only paid 29.99 each so not a big loss.  We'll try them a while...maybe get used to them, but if not we'll go back to the cheap 10 or 20.00  phones we used to have.I must say that service areas with our old phones, anyway, was great.  So far that part seems ok with this one.

I love this tracfone.  I am still resisting the purchase of an iphone.  I have had this tracfone for almost one year now - and I just love it.  The only thing you cannot do is download photos that you take with it.  It takes great videos too.  It does many things, so I am still not going to replace it with an iphone - or as they say - smartphone

Was back and forth on this phone for a while, but my year card was expiring, and for the price of a card alone got a new phone to boot.  This phone is faster, clearer, easy to work, have been impressed so far.  The screen is only slightly bigger in comparison, but seems much larger, can actually text without having to use the end of a pen.  Overall quite happy with this phone.

I bought the tracfone 800 through Amazon last year, with a 1250 minute package for about $100. I used up the minutes in about 6 months, but this was still a good savings off other options for light cell phone user who uses a Magicjack plus at home for longer conversations including the typical sitting on hold for customer service type calls.I discovered the newer LG 840 online when I realized that just buying more minutes wasn't much cheaper than buying the phone/minutes packages.As others have said, this includes some improvements over the 800 which was itself is a pretty decent phone for the money.After the new phone arrived, I tried to transfer my contacts via bluetooth between the phones as others suggested. I ended up doing it by swapping microsd cards between phones instead.After that, transferring my number and remaining minutes from the 800 to the 840 was pretty easy and quick using the tracfone website.Unfortunately I haven't found the 840 on Amazon with the kind of minutes package I got the 800 with. I did find it with 1400 minutes on HSN's website though. ( I wonder if they will delete this ?) I always look on Amazon first though. I only look elsewhere if what I want is sold out or otherwise unavailable here - which is fortunately pretty rare.But I recommended the phone and any accessories you may want here, and maybe they will get their turn to offer a phone plus minutes package on this one as they had with the 800 - once the other-guy's exclusive on that ends.

Sure, could I have gotten a more robust phone. Yes. But, this phone is great. Large screen; holds nicely in the hand;music, and other nice features. The phone service, Tracfon, will cost me $7.00 or less per month. Can't beat that.

My LG 840G looks and behaves, to a large extent, like the very expensive smart phones. The touch sensitivity is terrific when moving through the screens and phone numbers. --I am having a little trouble with the texting process. So far it seems to work for me only when I'm in the room with the person I'm texting! --Not very good. But I'm still learning and I hope I get that feature working. Ability to text is one of the reasons I chose this phone--AND the triple minutes are wonderful!  A text uses up only 1/2 minute.

This phone is fantastic for the money.  This is the next best thing to having a &#34;Smart&#34; phone.  It does everything I need it to do.

Great Phone for the price! Who knew Tracfone would ever be so up to date on technology. Phone works great I can even download my music in Mp3 files and listen to them everywhere. I love that it's touch screen and built in wifi and Bluetooth. It's pretty much all I need for right now and very affordable. And Yes it does give you Triple minutes that roll over if not used. I would recommend to everyone and there was nothing I disliked about this purchase =D

The LG 840G is an excellent product.  The 1200 minutes received with purchase were outstanding, and paid for the phone itself.  Triple minutes at purchase of future minutes is great.  I received my phone on a Saturday and around noon began the process of transferring the service on my old Tracfone to the new LG 840G.  The transfer hung up in Tracfone's system for a day an half before clearing.  That left my old phone without service, and the new phone in limbo.  It could be that Tracfone has weekend problems with system support.  Regardless, it left me in without a phone for a day and a half.

I've had this phone for 4 days and love it. Before this, I had one of the cheapest tracfones made- a Samsung and swore I would never get another Tracfone- too small and not enough volume. The LG 840G is very smart for a phone that is not being billed as 'smart'. With it, I can connect hands free to the BlueConnect system in my 2009 Hyundai, record videos, and watch certain youtube videos, and the best part is that I can connect to my home internet wirelessly and not have it deduct minutes for internet and email access. There is also plenty of volume and clarity for normal phone usage. The 1200 minute/1 year service/triple minutes for life make this a great deal for the price, but because of Mike-from-Minnesota's post, I was able to use a promo code to have 250 extra minutes and 2 more months of service added when I activated the phone. This makes a sweet deal even sweeter. I have 3 minor complaints: 1. I was not able to access my Google Voice account so that I could make free long distance phone calls without turning on my computer- something that I'd hoped I'd be able to do before I bought it. I got a message saying the page was too large to display. That might be remedied by downloading 3rd party browsers that I've been reading about.;2. The box said that a USB cable was included in the package, but it wasn't. If it had been, I'd have been able to transfer MP3 files from my computer, but now I have to wait 4 more days until the USB cable I ordered arrives. 3. If somebody I don't know sends me a text message and I don't want it, it seems that minutes get deducted even if I ignore the message- that's not fair. There may be a way to disable that, but I haven't figured it out yet. Those 3 complaints do not diminish my original 5 star rating. This phone deal is awesome for the price and the dealer whom I bought it off of got the phone to me very quickly. Since I posted this yesterday, I resolved 2 of my above complaints. The USB cable and chargers I ordered came yesterday and I was able to transfer mp3s to the tracfone. Very pleased that there is plenty of volume for playback of the mp3s- I like to listen to rock LOUD! I downloaded and installed Opera Mini 7.1 and was able to make phone calls via Google Voice. My only remaining complaint is that minutes get deducted when someone texts me- but I may still be doing something wrong. Now I have to change my rating to 6 stars! I am thrilled with this purchase.

I only wish detailed  instruction information was included. It was unclear on how to navigate the screens. I will continue to use trac phones.

I am on a fixed income because I receive social security disability income monthly. I have used tracfone in the past and I was researching  several types of prepaid smart phone that had WiFi as well as other key applications. When several of my friends found out that I was researching prepaid smart phones they left it up to me to do the investigating.I am so excited about this phone for many reason. I can place long distance for free, I have an MP3 player, when I do use the minute the cost is very low. When you call some ones house or cell phone the connection is very clear no matter where you call in the country. I have just name a few thing that I am impressed about this phone. I have started to recommen it to my friend

Excellent value, exactly as stated. Fast shipping, no problem transferring number and minutes from old phone to new.Added new minutes and bonus.

I like my LG 840 G  ... It takes nice pictures. It has all the features you would want in a phone.

I bought one of these for my son in March. I liked his so well, because it does WiFi and has triple minutes and a modern look, that I bought one for me. Great phone. I'm so happy, and it was 15 dollars cheaper on Amazon than on the prepaid website.

Overall, this is a decent phone. I bought it because Tracfone had refurbished models for 10$ and my keyboard on my other phone was kind of glitchy making texting a pain, so I thought I'd give it a try for that price. Basics: It has triple minutes (I buy 1500 tripling to 4500 once a year.) It is touch screen- no slide out keyboard which I wish it did have. Camera, video, works on GSM (AT&T;) towers. Wifi, bluetooth, a couple apps a 2GB micro SD card for music. It has a nice large screen that is easy to use and see, similar to using an iPod touch.Texting: this is basically what I use a phone for. You can make SMS texts up to 5 pages long, it sends them as so many pages but you don't have to start a new text every 160 characters. You can add a picture, music, video or other files to SMS texts, otherwise it will send them as SMS rather than MMS, it doesn't give you a choice which kind you want to send beforehand. As usual with tracfone you don't get to see who's texting you until you open it. I don't really like the touchscreen keyboard, I keep hitting the wrong keys. Also when you try to scroll through stuff like templates it's nearly impossible because every time you touch the screen it thinks you're selecting something. It has autocorrect, but I have that turned off. It's useful to have a stylus.Calling: If you live in an area with good AT&T; coverage calls are fine.Browser: I don't use this because it takes up tons of minutes and most websites don't actually work or show up correctly because there's not a real operating system. Works fine to check email or facebook messages though.Camera: Camera is 2MP but doesn't take great pictures. There's no zoom, unless you are using a low resolution, which is silly, why would you want to take low res photos to be able to zoom? There are lots of adjustable features, however, such as brightness, white balance, night mode, color effects like mono, sepia, negative, blue, a timer, normal or continuous shot mode. Plus you can edit pictures you've taken or downloaded with frames, flip, rotate, resize, add an image like a crown or a heart etc. to the photo, change the colors, adjust brightness, contrast, hue etc., add a filter such as sharpen, emboss, water color, sketch, neon, cartoon etc., draw with a pen, add text, crop, or add a stamp. You can also print via bluetooth.Video: Basically the same settings the camera has to take the video, plus the ability to zoom.Functions: Screen locks after a set period of time (you can adjust the amount of time) You push a button to turn the phone back on, and slide the lock up to unlock the screen. There's a "home" button at the bottom left on the screen. You can set contacts to shortcut to from the main screen, and you can set shortcuts to the widgets like email or messaging. There are also 4 buttons in a bar on the bottom of the home screen to make calls, go to contacts, go to texts or go to the widgets screen. You can scroll through widgets using this bar, or click on the apps button to go to the apps screen. If you don't want to add a widget to your shortcuts but want to easily access it for a period of time, you can slide it from the bar up to your wallpaper and it will stick on the main screen until you slide it back to the bar. These widgets include prepaid, where your phone/minutes info is located, contacts, messages, dialing, recent calls, games, calendar, camera, video camera, alarm, browser, settings where you can change the display, call, phone, and touch settings and sounds, email, SNS (facebook, twitter, myspace), voice recorder, file manager (photos, videos, music), pictures, music player, notepad, audio, video, sound settings, wi-fi, bluetooth, calculator, tip calculator, stopwatch, unit converter and tasks.Ringtones: You can add your own ringtones, but for some reason you are limited on file size. I put several ringtones on the phone that I'd had on my other phone, and all but 4 of them were blocked from being set as ringtones because the file size was too large, even though they were only about 16 seconds long and I'd used them as ringtones before. On my old phone, I kept the volume set at medium. I have this phone set all the way up and I can still barely hear it when I play the ringtones. It seems loud enough when the alarm goes off though.Contacts: You can add photo ids and ringtones and emails etc for specific contacts. But unlike every other phone I've ever used you have to crop the photo to a little square. You can move the square where you want on the photo, but you don't get to resize it the size of the square is what you get. Which is annoying. There are message and call icons next to the contact name in the list, so you don't have to click on them to send them stuff. And, as I said, you can add your frequent contacts to the shortcut on the home page and not have to go into contacts at all.Bluetooth: This works fine, I transferred several files between the phone and my computer as well as my other phones and had no problems.Case: I got a case because I like the colors, but you really don't need one for this phone. The screen isn't covered by a case anyway, and the back cover is textured so you don't see scratches or fingerprints for the most part. And a case is only going to give you minimal breakage protection.Battery: I still have a full charge though I've been playing with the phone for a few days. But I'm not a heavy user so I don't know how long it lasts with frequent calls/ texts because I just got it.There are tap sounds when you touch things on the touch screen that you can turn off or change.When you enter info into contacts etc, the default entry method is keypad, but you can change it to keyboard. You can also add things to your dictionary and change between English and Spanish languages.Managing calls: One of the reasons I liked the AT&T; phones I've had on tracfone was the ability to block numbers from calling or texting me, so I didn't keep getting the same sales calls etc. This phone does not have the option to do that. And the lack of that feature when it was on the other phones knocked it down a star, because it was one of the two selling points for choosing AT&T; over Verizon, along with being able to create multiple page SMS texts, if the network works equally well for both in your area.So overall, it seems like a decent phone. If you like touchscreen keyboards, AT&T;, and don't care about being able to block numbers (which you can't do on the Verizon phones either) or take good pictures, you should like it, especially if you get the refurbished phone for 10$. It has a 3 month return window and a 1 year warranty. Though it is quite disappointing to "upgrade" your phone after 2 years and have to take a step backwards in functionality on many of the uses. If you've never had any of the things this phone lacks, however, you'll probably be a lot more pleased with it.

its a great phone with alot of features without the high price-i wont even feel guilty if i lose it

This phone meets all of my needs. Easy operation, larger icons and text. The battery life is better than the 4 cell phones I have had.

Tracfone LG840G prepaid phone with 1200 minutes, Cheaper then from Tracfone. Phone registeerd fine. Added the extra minutes from the enclosed paper with no problems. Worked just like advertized. LG840g works great for me.

I had an LG800 and replaced it with the LG 840G and the 840G is vastly superior.  IF you are using the 800 with tracfone, dump it and go for the this 840G, the TOUCH screen is so much better..things actually happen when you touch the screen, you don't have to MASH the screen to get it to work.  And nearly every feature on the phone is better.  Now I can use my phone in my car via bluetooth and I can use wifi.  The screen makes changing from screen to screen easier because swiping actually works.I was going to give up cheap phones and go to an iPhone (and I know this isn't an iPhone, my wife has one)...but it works for my needs, which is to keep my in touch with folks while I'm out and about.One of the better deals is that the screen lock...with this model is a simple swipe upward on the screen and it unlocks AND it stays unlocked for a set period...so yea!  So much better than before - just easier to use in general.  I like it so much, I decided to stick with TracFone and the lower rates.  So, I am very satisfied with this new phone.  Tks Tracfone...so much better.

Great phone for the price.  A step up from my LG 800. Great reception and great sound.  Some apps not enough, but I don't really expect to much from a pay as you go phone.

This is actually an edited review as I had to come in and change my original review after having used this phone for one month. I absolutely loved this phone and its features - one of the nicest phones Tracfone has on the market, however, I had horrible reception with this phone inside my home, which sits in a valley. I would lose signal completely multiple times a day, and spent countless hours trying to restart it or step outside to gain signal back, only to lose it again.  After some research, I discovered there are two types of Tracfones, G and C models. This is a G model phone, which uses AT&T towers. I had to make a switch to a C model phone which uses Verizon towers. Since the switch, I have no reception issues whatsoever, and consistently have 5 bars for signal strength. I was very disappointed that I couldn't use this phone like I wanted because it is such a nice little phone. I called Tracfone several times to try to resolve the issue and was always told I had the best phone for my area (a lie, I now know a Verizon phone is actually the best for my area), and finally I just gave up, sold it, and bought something else.

Nice features, good screen size.  My only complaint is shorter battery life than I am used to (about 48 hours). Still, this is not a major issue. Surprisingly good mp3 player with great sound quality. Nice camera.

I really like it.  The triple minutes are great too.  Bought it for my sister as well.  She is getting used to it and loving it as well.

i got this to upgrade my old tracfone, and i love it, the browser isn't great but for a cheap good tracfone it can't beat  :)

Can't download apps, block incoming numbers, battery power short, slow browser and hard to use, good texting and cheap for a beginner.

My kid loves this. The triple minutes for life it great. The cost superb.The way he uses it, he hardly uses any minutes at all. And, after his losing two phones before this (one of which was a contract phone some kid at school stole and we were lucky enough to recover), I feel like he has a phone and I have one less thing to worry about. Because of the price, I won't even be angry if it does get lost or stolen because of the low price. Tracfone - I love you. The online customer service stinks, because no one ever knows how to set up the voicemail and that takes forever. But once you fight through that - you never have to talk to them again. And, what's not to love about this phone?

Worked very well...still learning ins-and-out of features, but quite enjoyable so far...good product!  yada yada yada what more can one say?

A great phone and cheap.. I usually use it music definitely worth the 25$

I am very happy with my new phone. I love the touch screen capability and the size. I just had a flip phone so this is a real step up.

works well for the amount paid it was just what was needed to do the job required for my phone

I thought upgrading my tracfone to this model would improve the signal I have at home since I have Wi-Fi.  That did not happen.It takes great pics and has good signal outside of our house.  I get signal inside also but not as good as my previous phone. I really like it for texting though.  I can always send a message to my friends and family members. The triple minutes are a bonus too.

A great deal for a no contract phone. it does drop a call now and then, but  I would recommend it to anyone looking for a no contract phone, also very easy to use!

Triple minutes make it a real bargain for people like me. I just need a cell phone for calling and texting, little else. This is easy to use and cheap too.

Great phone and easy to use!! Battery a lot better the LG800 which could not hold a charge!! Tracphone gives great service--you will like it for an easy phone!!

THOUGHT I WAS GETTING A GOOD DEAL AND FOUND OUT I COULD GET IT CHEAPER SOMEWHERE ELSE. ABOUT 40 BUCKS CHEAPER.

This is a great tracfone I bought 2.  I had a little trouble getting ahold of someone to help get the phone and phone minutes ativated but did get someone that was very very helpful and got my triple minutes plus extra 130 minutes.  They work great and in our house it is a little hard to get a signal but so far have had no problem works wonderful.

I have only used Tracfone as my cell provider because its all I need. I buy the yearly plan which comes out to merely $9 a month which I am thrilled with compared to the prices everyone else pays with a contract plan.This phone is an amazing upgrade from my Motorola flip phone. Texting is more user friendly than before. I now enjoy having a camera, calender, and better calculator plus all the other features because of this phone.Wi fi functionality is limited. For me it is adequate as I only need to access email, weather reports, stock prices, and public transportation schedules. The default browser is unresponsive. I downloaded Opera Mini from other reviewers suggestions and it works much better. You will not be watching movies or videos on this phone but as I say if you want the big thrills than be ready to pay the big bills. If you want a phone that functions like a laptop in your pocket than this phone is not for you. Others have suggested ways to tweak Opera Mini to make it more functional but I haven't needed to do that yet.Transferring my minutes from my old Tracfone took a little effort. I couldn't do it online so I had to contact customer service in Miami and they were great. Just be prepared to enter a lot of activation numbers into the new phone when you call. If you have simple cell phone needs then I highly recommend this phone!

Not a super solid feel, and is smaller than expected but for a starter phone and intro to smartphone it is great.

I would rate the 1200 triple minutes at 5 stars. The phone itself at 3 to 4 stars. It is a decent phone -  does lots of stuff. However - I don't have4 very big fingers, but I find typing text messages is an exercise in extreme frustration. I've had this now for 6 months and I still am not adapted to on-screen keyboard. Next time I'll know better and once again get a phone with an external keyboard.

I bought this phone for the &#34;Bluetooth&#34; option.  My  old &#34;flip&#34; phone had no Bluetooth and with the new law, I needed &#34;hands free&#34; in my vehicle.  I haven't figured out how to use the &#34;wifi&#34; yet, but have used other things on the phone.  The camera takes pretty good pictures, the calendar book  is very handy, and the phone number contact book is very user friendly.  it took a while to find a case for it, but finally got one for a LF800 to fit it good, after I put a skin in it.  So far, good deal, especially with the triple minutes included in the price, and then, inside the package, there was a coupon for $10.00 off at a wide selection of restaurants.

I like not having a monthly contract and this phone gives me all the needed features without a large price.

Great for someone who does not need a do everything phone. Calls andTexts are easy to make and receive.  Eary to program.

The LG840g is a nice, full-featured phone from Tracfone. The touch screen is responsive and can be customized for the modes you most often use. It has WiFi which works well in a strong WiFi environment, saving minutes. You can load Java application like Opera Mini and UC browser alongside the TF browser. The 2MP camera is just okay in good light. The video quality is poor. Mine runs on the AT&T; network and so far has been fine for voice and reception quality. MP3s can be loaded into the Audio mode, but the sound quality is not great. Speaker mode is very good.I've had a couple of start-up issues (user errors on my part) but TF customer service has been good.

My wife has the lg 800 and she can receive and send calls in poor reception areas and my lg 840 g will not.

no issues with this phone. very happy with it and would buy another one if needed. good price and well built

This is no Smart Phone, but if you are a practical person and just don't need abundant technology, this phone does very nicely. The triple minutes is a bonus.

I find this phone easy to use  Do not need a smart phone so this meets all my requirments  it stay charged for several days

UPDATE: After spending all day corresponding with the Tracfone representatives at the site tracfoneforum.com I was finally able to get the minutes added to my phone.  I wasted a lot of time for something that should have taken 5 minutes but at least I was able to get what I paid for.  If you run into problems when you call the company directly I highly recommend that you go to the website and try to get your issue resolved there.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I received my phone and minutes yesterday.  After getting the phone activated I had the representative add the minutes to my phone.  They confirmed that the minutes were added to my account but I didn't see it reflect on my phone.  I was told to wait an hour and check again.  By that time nothing had changed and my phone still only reflected 1 minute and 40 seconds which is what was left from the free 10 minutes the phone starts out with.  I tried calling them to find out what went wrong but at this point they were closed.  I also kept getting text messages from them all night long telling me to call customer service to complete the transaction.  This morning I called them and told them about the text messages.  She asked what I was trying to do and I explained that the phone was working properly but my minutes haven't been updated.  She checked and said that she shows the minutes were added to the phone and that I must have used them all up.  At this point I'm in shock.  How in the world did I use up 24+ hours of minutes (440 x 3 + 250 bonus minutes) in less than a 24 hour time frame?  Keep in mind I didn't call anyone except Tracfone to activate the phone.  I also didn't use any browser or anything else for that matter.  So basically I'm out $100 for nothing!  I asked them to show me what used up the minutes and I was told to call back in 72 hours because they won't have that information until then.  So far no good.  It's a shame because I've only heard good things about Tracfone until now.

As a BASIC phone it is OK, but just OK. I read many great reviews before buying this, don't know why anybody would rave about it, it works as a phone nothing more. You can check email so long as the email is basic, you can't access work email no way to configure that.It has several features I really like, among them the voice recorder and wi-fi.It has one mayor design flaw, when entering data into the contacts list, one must touch the same key for 'A', 'B' and 'C' this goes on with each letter, so if you want to type 'Charles' instead of six (as it should be) it requires eighteen key strokes.The phone turns itself off almost immediately, you can't pause to do anything, you must be working with the phone or it will turn itself off. They do this to conserve batteries and there is apparently no way to change this to a normal time like five minutes, it has one minute as the maximum.As far as the carrier Tracphone;-It has designed the system to extract every penny possible out of the user. Each text costs $0.30, IMO that is outrageous, there is no justification for this, at a minimum each time you receive a text it will be the one your received, your text acknowledging it and their response. So, each text exchange is $0.90 If you do text two people at once they charge for each text separately.-I had my number of over five years prior to switching to Tracphone, never, not once did I get a robocall of some sort. Two days after activating this number with Tracphone the robocalls begun, as of today, I have received more robocalls than calls from people in my contact list. These robocalls always leave messages and checking those messages will cost you money.-Tracphone eliminates the time bought, you have to call them to get the minutes you paid for reinstated. IMO this can't be a bug on their system, if it was, you would also get extra minutes added not just subtracted from your paid for minutes, that never happens.------------Is it worth buying? If you intend to have a phone to make calls and nothing else, yes. You must ignore all incoming calls from robocalls (folks not in your contact list), and never use the text option. If you will be browsing the net, sending/receiving text messages, playing on-line etc. then absolutely not. It would be considerably cheaper for you if you were to get a regular plan with T-Mobile or AT&T;.

no service here like the sellers did not know that about this phone , it is a tracfone and should work anywhere tracfones work but it does not for some reason, don't buy this phone from this bunch because you may have to eat it ,  NO GOOD  DONT BUY  &#60; BEWARE RIPOFF  &#60; YOU WILL GET SCREWED

covrage very good, about four days standby charge with limited use, triplr minutes was included with 1200 minutes and was easy to set up, touch screen works fine, I Love it!

People can hear me when I talk, and I love all the gadgets it comes with. I hope it will last me as long as my others did.
