
I love the phone, the seller was so understandable of having a problem with it so they replace it right awayIt is a great phone I recommend it to everyoneThe yellow color is my fave, and the phone is fancy and work well for me and my job!Thanks!

It is very good to take pics especially in the night.The music quality is perfect ! I like it very much.

The only thing - WP8 needs some revision, but even now it has some advantages in front of the Android. For example - tiles(links) for almost any file in the start menu and way more functional stock music app than Android one. Drawbacks - no open file system(at least today) and as a result phone receives(via Bluetooth) only the files it can decode. But as for the Lumia 920 itself, not regarding the OS, the phone is PERFECT, trust me! I never doubted my choice!

I know!  Android, iOS, so many choices.  I switched from my Nexus Android phone to this Windows Phone 8 and couldn't be happier.  The combination of great hardware, an awesome OS, and some amazing Nokia Apps makes this phone unbeatable.

The Nokia Lumia 920 is an excellent unlocked phone hands down. However, buyers should be aware that the accessories that come with the mobile, headset, charger, USB cable, are not Nokia products, but standard tools. This information is not made available by the seller and one would expect that having purchased an authentic Nokia product it would come with Nokia accessories. In my assessment this omission is deceptive.

it is really good, and the headphones it comes with are nice too buy it!! also setting it up takes a while

This phone is fantastic. It's easy to use, durable and stylish. The camera is the best I have ever seen on any smartphone, hands down.

good look, good shape, better than S4 and can beat fruit phone. the WP8 OS is not good enough but MICROSOFT bad, wait to update. the camera is best both photo and video record, much better than my wife's fruit phone 5. the worst thing is that the screen orientation can not be locked.

2 cell lumia 920 buy you, free nokia one of two att and get this locked and microphone damaged....2 cell lumia 920 buy you, free nokia one of two att and get this locked and microphone damaged....

There were 2 issues- Wrong color sent; Decided to work with wrong color phone as I had a soft cover which matched the color I wanted- Wrong power plug sent (plug does not work in US). After notification, supplier sent me correct one separately.

I've always been a big fun of Nokia. After having Nokia N900 I was skeptical towards Windows OS. I was very surprised how user friendly the operating system is. Doesn't lock, everything works seamlessly.My favorite thing is the dedicated camera button. It allows you to take pictures even when your phone is locked. It takes couple seconds from taking out of your pocket and taking a pic. The picture quality is unparalleled to iPhone and better than SamsungMoreover the design is very solid. I dropped it already several times on the pavement and all it got was small panel dent. I'm not the advocate of carrying my phone in protective case so solid phone is important for me. Weight is great to - you feel like you're holding a phone not a toy like in Samsungs case.I really recommend this device to anybody

I love this phone!What else can I say!The battery on this phone lasts me three to four days with moderate use!Kudos to Nokia!

I've been very happy with this unlocked phone - I had no problems at all getting a SIM card installed and working from Bell Aliant here in Canada.  Very fast and responsive; the on-screen keyboard is very easy to use; great Wi-Fi connection and usage; simple to sync contacts to your Outlook account; I love that photos upload automatically to my OneDrive when I have a Wi-Fi connection; the screen is much easier to see in bright sun than most other phones I've seen; the cameras are excellent.  It's slightly &#34;heavier&#34; and perhaps larger than I might wish, but certainly not unduly so - still very acceptable.  All in all, a great phone.  I got it here from BREED, and there was an unexpected additional charge I had to pay when it was delivered - Canadian taxes and a charge from FedEx (the tax I should have expected, I guess, but the FedEx charge seemed ridiculous to me - I had the option of refusing delivery and therefore not paying these costs, but I really wanted the phone, so I had to swallow the extra costs - a bit over $50) - just be aware you might run into this if you're an international buyer as well.  But again, the phone is excellent, and shipping was very quick.

Awesome phone and pretty fast deliver! The phone has a great package and even though is not an AT&T phone it's total compatible with its network.

The phone is great - it arrived in perfect shape and I love the color. The accessories were complete. My only complaint was that it was all in Polish and I had to figure out how to set the language to English without being able to read the screens. Also, I guess this means grey market and I am not sure where I stand on the warranty. I guess that's what you get for a bargain price.

I was very excited to get the Lumia 920 since I had heard great things about it, and the product seemed perfect when I got it, but after only one day of having it, the phone started unexpectedly turning off, and the screen zooming in. I would have to hold the volume down + on/off + camera buttons until the phone turned on again, and I had to restart it each time the screen zoomed in, because nothing else would work. However, they only give you 30 days of warranty to send the device back for a revision (paying on your own for the mail, and restocking fee if they can't fix the problem). This was definitely not enough time to know how faulty the phone was. After a month and half of having this phone, the Data Plan stopped working as well as the MMS messages. I went to my phone carrier once every week for at least 5 weeks, where they would fix the problem. They even changed the SIM card a few times, but each time after a couple days it would stop working again. I finally decided to purchase a new phone at another store and have not had any problems since with my new phone. I will never buy from Factory Unlocked again. I was very disappointed in the quality of their product, and it was a shame because I loved the phone and it was quite expensive

it's international,there is no logo on it&#65292;RM-821_eu_italy_310, I use T-mobile,  and I  think everything is  ok,  maybe need to buy a phone case

Very good smart phone. just a problem to find some accessories. but the price worths comparing with other models with same memory capacity.

This is the first phone I have bought and after 4 months I don't wish I had another. This phone is just awesome. Has strong body, solid operating system and great camera. Just one thing, a few apps not yet available. But I know are coming soon because windows phone OS is powerful.

very good!!!!totally new!! I like it, easy to use! I wanna always buy in this shop, thank u so much

It's a amazing cellphone, it has great performance and I think Nokia will work better with the new dad (Microsoft)...

I love my new lumia 920. This phone is great. Fast, slick, and big....I love the screen. If you need to have various emails...I'm a lawyer. Then this is the phone fir you. The only downside is the lack of windows phone apps. But I'm really not an app person. Great buy.

The operating system is easy and I really love the camera. The only thing that I wish I could download is my &#34;BBM app&#34; because I have been a blackberry user for years and this is my first &#34;non-blackberry&#34; in years.

It is an awesome phone, all the things the people say are true, but as far as the equiptment itself is an at&t mobile so beware future buyers, i live in Venezuela and this caused me some troubles picking up the 3G band but thanks god my cellphone carrier has launched the 4G network in the same band as AT&T, i bought it from Tabled Distribuitors, it was delivered within a day and in perfect conditions, i bought it with the Trident Case and so far no regrets is a beautiful beautiful phone.

It stopped working in around 2 weeks. The screen turned dark. Do I have any kind of warranty? is there any way I could change it?

I just will say .. Amazing ... New and fresh OS, smooth and easy to use.. The color is uff something the people notice and ask if it's a case they can't belive the color ..It's a big phone but with the time you will love it .. 2 weeks of use and the first days my battery life was short (need to charge it everyday) now the battery life gives me 3 or 4 days with a low average use ..Need to be improved in some areas, but i think with the new firmware update (comming soon) it will be better ..The camera is simply great .. great pictures and videos ..I highly recommend this phone ..

The best phone ever. Great Picture quality and run the best OS ever, Windows Phone 8. I recommend to anyone either upgrading or switching from a Apple or Android phone.

I just received this phone - from Mega Mobiles - and it arrived brand-new in a sealed box.  The phone is very well built and beautiful - with a gorgeous screen.  It was unquestionably new in the box and Mega Mobile is now a trusted seller for me. I have only had it two days but it seems to be quite a battery burner - my battery app is reporting almost 4% usage per hour.  This brings up my major issues with WP8:  you have to buy apps to show simple, stupid stuff like battery percentage.  This is  unacceptable and I see why WP continues have adoption issues.  Another case in point - say you want to use CardDAV to get your Google contacts on the Lumia?  Forget about it - it doesn't work!!  My phone arrived with the Lumia Amber version - supposedly the CardDAV issue is fixed in Lumia Black - due out in the future.  Also, trying to set up Gmail thru WP8's Gmail "tool" did not work well - I kept getting memory errors and had to set up Gmail using the IMAP functionality.  For crying out loud, it's 2013, and MS can't figure out how to set up an error-free Gmail connection?  Although the phone itself is beautiful - and I really like the hardware - MS has continued to be behind the power curve with Windows Phone 8.  Oh - back to battery percentage - there is still no way to have the battery percentage appear in the notification bar on top.  Even the live tile - which I paid $1.99 for - only updates once every 30 minutes.  OK - enough complaining - there are some nice positives for WP8:  MS doesn't scan all of  your e-mail (as far as I know, anyway) to try to target ads for you the way Google does - and Office documents look great (for a phone) since it includes Office 365.  Overall, the phone is a keeper, because Nokia did a fabulous job on the hardware end.

I am very pleased with the service provided by this seller. Item arrived fast and was in great condition. Phone works without any flowsand I am very happy to finally own Nokia Lumia 920 in Yellow. Thank you On The Go Solutions, will do business with you again :)

the quality is not good enough, the screen cracked really hard when it was dropped from a low position, not supposed cracked like that!

Ordered this to replace the one my wife broke.  Came in in a timely manner and was exactly what I ordered.  Love Windows phone's especially Nokia.  Fast and Fluid.

I bought this as a gift for my brother. Since it was a gift, I particularly intend to buy unlocked one. However, it was huge disappointment because of AT&T sign on the phone. If you are providing unlocked cellphones, why selling at&t version of them. To me, it is kind of SCAM.

This model is for African countries just 3G (without 4G/LTE). If 4G is crucial for you, search  other supplier with unlocked models.

Everything about this phone is perfect.the look,the performance,the camera and the durability. I literally crashed this phone several times and surprisingly nothing happened. Glad to own this first Nokia device!

920 is really good looking. It's a little heavy. But it's good enough for the price. Windows phone have every thing I need.

i like the phone it self.but they sent me a letter yesterday about the phone says it may be harmful to some people i don't really understand.

I like it. This cell phone is very easy to use and has a pretty look. I am very enjoy it.

I had no problems getting the phone from the seller. Fast service.Initially I was worried that the phone did not have 4G and maxed out at 3G support.This is correct, but it is not a hardware limitation. It is in the firmware. The model is the RM-821 which is the global variant of the Lumia 920. It has all the bands you would need to make it a true world phone.I have used it for a couple of months with the shipping firmware and 3G is the max speed it supports.However on the 17th August 2013, I changed the firmware to the European one and it now supports up to 4G provided your cellular provide supports 4G/LTE.I also got the Amber update which made a great phone even better. Which Amber the phone seems faster, plus you get Data sense and other goodies, including Nokia Pro Cam. Pro Cam new algorithms make the photos taken with the phone even better.Windows Phone 8 OS has detractors, but I have found no problems with it. It is fast, fluid and very stable. People complain about the &#34;app gap&#34; but there are only a few major apps missing on the phone.All in all I am very happy with the purchase.

so far so good. Love the WP8 system. Easy to use and pretty color. It's the best phone I've ever owned. However, it's also the most expensive one.

This is the most beautiful cell phone....I love it...it works great....it has got a nice camara......I love the color of my phone....

Vendor showed that Cellphone a a &#34;FACTORY UNLOCKED&#34; but it is really not.Actually this cellphone is AT&T; locked and I still can't use it as it should be...The description is tricky...

I bought my Nokia Lumia 920 last  March 13 and send it to the Philippines on March 27. they are experiencing  touch screen and freezing issues.

This phone has a nice big screen, good color and feels solid.  This is a good choice for a Windows phone.

I was very nervous about buying a phone without a contract, but it has worked wonderfully. The 920 uses mini-SIM card like my other Nokia phone, so switching them out was easy. I've had no drop or interruption of my service in USA and when traveling goutside of USA.Word of caution: Since I purchased an unlocked phone, I wasn't prepared to receive a phone that was setup with Portuguese settings, user guide, and electrical plug-ins. But I used the YAHOO Translator to convert Protugues to English and interpret how to get thru the first screens so that I could reset the phone to English and then proceed with setups. It took about an hour to overcome this drawback, but the phone is so totally worth the extra hiccup.My contacts/messages/calendar all transfered easily via the bluetooth syncing option and i have been able to download user guide from the internet and used the Nokia Discussion forum when I have very specific questions about phone features and settings (great resource of info!). The pictures I loaded from my old phone to new phone via ZUNE Windows phone app, very easily. This Windows phone is great, and I'm so glad that i left iPhone last year!  The Nokia phone is more of a useful tool rather than just game playing device like iPhone was. I really like the Notes and Office for my work needs, and the driving/maps all is awesome when i am traveling to unfamiliar place or to other countries (download country/region to your phone for free). However, the Windows platform needs to catch-up some on the features and applications, but I still find everything that I want and need in the Windows OS and Apps Store.  THE CAMERA ON THIS PHONE IS AWESOME! Great pics, video, and edit/fun apps to go with the camera.If you are not addicted to iPhone, you will really like this phone. But if you are an iPhone diehard, you probably won't like it.

Awesome phone. Work excellent. I didn't try it on 4g but it gets pretty good s l eeds on hspa+

have a little problems with my operator, but everything is ok now just with a few moves, my wife love it....

Great camera, pretty color, easily hands on operation system. The only draw back is that the battery will not last more than one day, if using wireless internet connection.

Bought this as a gift for a tech friend who absolutely wanted to go down the Lumia path. I haven't heard a bad word about it, the phone both stands out and perfect for a geek,

Good phone. I like Win8 Phone. But it should be made more clear that the phone is from Nigeria and has absolutely no warranty at all. it works well on T-Mobile in the USA and also on Softbank here in Japan.

Good evening, i am have 2 issues with this phone it is sticking 3 to 4 times a day and whenever i charge it goes off and i have to reboot it. I know the stick issues is not normal since i haven't activated a cellular service in the phone as yet. Is it possible to get an exchange on this order before 19th April i am just visiting the address that it was sent too

I Am Always A Nokia Lover And Really Really Like This Window 8 Phone And Keep On Supporting  Nokia And Microsoft System! Keep Up The Good Work And I Love This Product Better Any Of The Apple Products!!! It Is Very Easy To Use!

I OWN ONE AND IT IS THE BEST SO I DECISDE TO BUY THIS ONE FOR A FRIEND.HE HAS COMPLIMENTED THE PHONE. NOKIA LUMIA 920 TO THE WORLD.

I started using this phone a couple of months after I bought it. Took it to India while travelling. Touch screen would freeze frequently. Took it to the Nokia dealer there who said it was a problem with the touch screen but warranty was not valid in India.Got it to the US and contacted Nokia , they asked me to contact Amazon/FGS as according to them the device sold to me did not have warranty. Emails from FGS were inconsistent , one email said there was no warranty another said there was . However they did not provide any warranty information. Amazon's response was that it was beyond 30 days of purchase. I tried to convey to Amazon that I was not asking for a return , I only wanted warranty information. Bought this phone for $550 and neither Amazon nor Nokia took responsibility. I exploring other options that might be available for customers like me.Lesson: very important to check warranty information immediately after receiving a product.

when i received this phone, i felt so excited cuz it's very fancy and the screen is so smooth. But why my nokia is no service now after i use it for one day??

Amazing Pictures, comes with HERE Drive a great Navigation App - Global -, nice UI. Also comes with a cloud service, Skydrive, Enjoyed a lot HERE City Lens, to search for locations. This is new stuff! Totally recommended.

Windows 8 apps are a welcome change from iOS. Among the three ecosystems, I prefer Android, Windows 8, and iOS in that order. Blackberry, what ?! For ease of use, Windows phone is really easy to use. For someone interested in a first smartphone, Lumia 920 is an excellent choice. I got access to few Windows 8 phones to review. I will try to review them, but since I have not used for a period longer than a month I am not reviewing for reliability. User interface in Windows 8 is very pleasing and this is one of best phones with awesome user experience. If you prefer great user experience over infinite hackability, aka Android, then Windows 8 phones are great choice.The Lumia 920 has a stunning 4.5" IPS LCD, 1280x768 resolution, 332 ppi display. This phone has up to 32 GB storage and 1 GB RAM.  8.7 MP camera and a 1080p HD Video.  1.5 GHz dual core processor. I have extensively used in the past HTC Titan I and II which is pre Windows 8 (7.5) and I was surprised it has become more buttery smooth now. This phone has Gorilla Glass 2. Glass 3 is in the making and supposed to be even better. Stating following because this is highly underrated in reviews. From Corning's Gorilla Glass specs; WHAT MAKES GORILLA GLASS SO DAMAGE RESISTANT? The unique composition of Gorilla Glass allows for a deep layer of high compressive stress (created through an ion-exchange process). This compression acts as a sort of "armor," making the glass exceptionally tough and damage resistant. Ion exchange is a chemical strengthening process where large ions are "stuffed" into the glass surface, creating a state of compression. Gorilla Glass is specially designed to maximize this behavior.Lumia 920 does not support microSD expansion. I always feel this is a bummer. But with 32GB it is plenty with current app ecosystem.  These phones seem to be copying iPhone philosophy.  Battery 2000 mAh Lithium polymer battery (Compared to a high end Android Galaxy Note II, which has a battery of 3100 mAh Battery.) Unlike the Nokia Lumia 820, the Lumia 920 doesn't have a removable battery cover, which means you can't access or replace your battery. __Not having a storage expansion slot is a bummer for lot of people! Not being able to remove battery is a double bummer.__  For me, storage expansion and removal of battery is very important, so I was disappointed. This is the downside the unibody design.  Wireless charging is a big plus, though!Phone quality was excellent and speakerphone was awesome. Nice to see built in active noise cancellation with a dedicated mic. Nice to see Lumia 920 has Bluetooth 4.0. Bluetooth low energy (BLE), known as WiBree, is a subset of Bluetooth v4.0 with an entirely new protocol stack. As an alternative to the Bluetooth standard protocols that were introduced in Bluetooth v1.0 to v3.0, it is aimed at very low power applications running off a coin cell. I was able to get excellent reception with Bluetooth headset,Jaybird Sportsband Stereo Bluetooth Headphone - Bulk Packaging - Midnight BlackandJayBird BlueBuds X Sport Bluetooth Headphones - Midnight BlackAll the usual smartphone stuff, facebook, twitter, music, emails etc are all excellent. It is only the third party apps that are lacking in some arenas. If you are Microsoft heavy like Office suites, Lumia phone are awesome!Apps are limited in Windows 8 marketplace. Yes, we have heard this a gazillion times. Lumia has GPS receiver with A-GPS and GLONASS support. I tried with Garmin Navigon app which turned out to be great in giving voice directions. App ecosystem is a chicken and egg situation. Unless more phones are sold, developers don't have incentives to write apps. Apps are less now, because people are not buying in big droves. Windows Phone is now (early-mid 2013) the third-leading mobile phone platform, more than tripling its market share year-over-year. One recent report I read Android and iOS are ahead in games with 162.1 and 37.4 million shipments in 1Q13 and Windows phone came in 7 million. This is more than double from previous year. I really hope for Windows 8 platform to surge ahead because having a 3 way competition with iOS and Android is good for the ecosystem.ONE LINE SUMMARY: The Nokia Lumia 920 is certainly the best Windows Phone 8 smartphone on the market right now.

Beware !!!Bought this product from Amazon HassleFreeCell  company, the product delivery was OK BUT as I turn it on it showed my text in Arabic language with limited other international language support.HassleFreeCell  bought this phone in remote countries (my phone was bought in Saudi Araby) and sell it in the US in full price. this is a MAJOR problem because:1) forget about warranty, no international warranty in Nokia policy.2) No international languages support (although the seller sad there is!!!)I buy a lot from Amazon, but this time HassleFreeCell  seller was BAD BAD BAD, my phone needed warranty support and I contact Nokia that told me that the phone is not suppose to be sell in the US, I wrote to HassleFreeCell  but they wold not give me this information, had to find it myself by endless calls to Nokia.When I wrote HassleFreeCell to find me another solution to my problem (the non warranty in the US) they told me to solve the problem with Nokia, then they just stopped answer my emails.My recommendation, don't buy this phone and don't but from this seller !!!

Pros:FastPlenty of storageGreat Nokia AppsLove the Nokia Mix RadioOffice Hub works greatCons:Lack of Google appsLack of other big appsBattery life is not the best

i have had a lumia 920 half years ago, but is got some problem so that i have to change to lumia 925. but i still cannot forge its yellow body and is comfortable feeling when you are holding it in your hand. So I bought it, it is now working well, and absolutely new, i wish it will not have problem as my previous one.

great gadget for 350 bucks, makes excellent pictures (2 to 3 Mb) also , when is the light no so god.  very easy for operate,  but you have to charge  every evening.

Nokia Lumia 920 is no doubt one of the best phone you can have. I bought it 3 months back and I am completely in love with this phone. The Yellow looks amazing. Glossy finish though sometime make me slip the phone but overall its a great buy. Windows Phone OS is also improving a lot. With ongoing GDR2 and upcoming GDR3, welcome changes are on their way.

I purchased this Nokia Lumia 920 from HassleFreeCell. Overall, I'm satisfied with the services they provide. USPS failed to post transaction updates, so I had to sit tight for couple days without knowing where is my package or does it even in translation. But eventually it came within the expected delivery period in good condition.One thing you need to notice is this is an international version, I can't quite tell which region does mine came from. The charger is a type G one ( so most likely from UK or northern Europe). It does no use to me, but you can plug it with any kind of charger with an input between 100v-240v.As for the cell phone itself. I have to state I'm not a heavy cell phone user. All I really need is cloud storage (skydrive will do) and solid internet connection. I don't mind to pin my FB page in the browser.I don't use tumbler nor instagram. I don't play games on my phone.I travel a lot, and Nokia city leans is awesome to use, so does the Nokia map. The camera is simply amazing. Already installed Office kit allows me to check with most of my documents in a very efficient way. Also I have to give a shut out to Nokia Music, which basically serves as Spotify, but with offline radio, plus it only costs $4 to update to the premium, which allows you to do everything unlimited. (skip & download, ect)The phone is solid built, I spot no defection so far. Also,it's a big, heavy phone, so be prepare to feel it in your pocket all the time.
