
I just bought this at walmart for79$. 1st smartphone so didn't kno what to expect.i love it.youtube,pandora,everythng a computer can do.I'm using net 10.u have to use the 50$ a month unlimited card for service,but u can pick up wifi and do a lot without any minutes.yes u pick up wifi anywhere its abailable and it kinda speeds up your internet.butyou can stream music, vids and everythng without wifi! I just ordered the white phone for my wife! Its 5 out of 5!

Web stated phone was not locked but when I received it,  sure enough, it was locked.  Waste of money! !

this is a great phone but you can only use 50.00 to put on it great phone everything is in working condition music sounds great picts are clean

For the price I paid i am vary impressed by this, it is a good smartphone has wonderful processing speed and works for everything i have asked it to do; mainly E-mail, Facebook, browsing, you-tube, and basic cell features and apps.

I picked this up at a local superstore to replace an older net 10 texting phone and do I love this phone. I read it runs of ATT towers those are the strongest in our rural area. It is my first android and it runs smoothly. My son uses youtube for teaching videos from school with no problems. Loaded many apps angry birds etc. and play smoothly. I also got an app with free songs and currently have about 30 songs.I did buy 16 mico sd card and had to transfer some things over wich was really easy even for me being a beginner. My 13 year old son wanted to buy a phone 5x as much but now asked for this one for xmas. Great starter android with great coverage.

Better than expected, I love this phone. Great product. It does everything that I need it to do. Thank you!!

bought two for my pre-teen boys and they work fine they get better recption then my phone comes with sims card and all in original package

What more can be said!  Inexpensive smart phone.  She can get her emails on the phone without going to 3G.  Hers connects to our protected WIFI, mine will not connect.  She uses You Tube quite often.

I have owned it for a few days now and here's what I like / don't like:it gets great reception, has a good battery, integrates well with other bluetooth devices, and overall works as expected.However, when I made the purchase, I bought three of them (for myself and family members) and two of them had bad sim cards. An easy and free fix but a bit of an annoyance.You should also be aware that the system memory is very low - like an unheard of 150mb.  All apps by default are placed in this memory and it fills up quick. You can manually move apps to the 1gb phone memory, but not all apps you download can be moved.  Increasing the size of the micro sd card has no effect on this limitation.I gave four stars because of this limitation, however if I had known I probably still would have made the purchase because of the price, size and weight. I like a compact phone that isn't too heavy yet still has all the features.

This is smaller in size than I thought it would be. Great phone tho and easy to use. If this is your first phone like this it might take a few minutes to figure out what everything means. Found it does everything I need it to do. Using the apps on it will use up the battery but that is what the charger is for. I would recommend this to others.

this is my first android phone , when you answer the  the green answer button lights up and you push and slide it to the right , well on this phone i slide it , and slide the phone wont answer 60 % of the time it wont work , I end up calling the caller back ,The same goes for the decline/hang up button  keep sliding wont hang up , not happy with the phone.

I bought this to replace my out of date iphone 3gs & to avoid high monthly bills and contracts. At first I hated it because it wasn't my beloved iphone. I'm getting use to it & like it. It does almost everything my iphone did and is much cheaper! It's fast with wifi and my bill is cut in half. Not to mention that this is $20 cheaper than it is at Wal-Mart!  So, I'm very happy I purchased this!

Whoa! Was this a mistake! We call it the game phone now. I couln't get it set up because the sim card won't work in my area. How the hell would I know that? Apparently, that's what a seller bets on.

Really like the phone and the features. Easy to use .This LG was much easier to navigate around .The light is a lot brighter than my other phones. Love it.

Like it so fare.

I am really satisfied after use a old model phone for so long and upgrading to the touchscreen is really great.

As advertised, on time, she still uses it and loves it.  Sturdy device, a little small but easy for texting.

I bought this item for my husband. He's very happy with it.  I have bought another for his friend. I recommend this article and the seller. I love shopping at Amazon.

I like the phone so far but there are a couple of glitches that are hard to get used to. The screen goes blank when you are in the middle of answering a call. If the call is a recording where you have to push 1 to affirm or you have to enter a number on the keypad, this can be annoying. You have to shake the phone or turn it at odd angles to get the screen back again. I love the sliding app windows. Not really thrilled with the touch keypad on answering mode as sometimes you cannot connect the call, the answer button will not connect the call. You have to punch it really hard to make it connect.The sound is pretty good on outgoing calls but not so hot on some of the incoming calls. The voice playback on voice mail is awful. It is a gravelly voice that is difficult to understand. Not on all calls but on automated calls. I got a rubbery cover with a small stylus and that has saved me from losing a call or dialing the correct number. It is hard to get your fingers directly over the number or letter. You have to aim for the upper part of the letter. Now that I am getting used to its idiosyncracies, it is getting easier to use. The battery life is not too bad for a phone like this and I like that there is an app that tells you where the battery is being used the most. Most of it is standby for me. I have to charge the phone every other day because when the battery starts going down, it goes fast. Part of my complaints may be because this is my first smart phone and I just am not used to the little nitty gritty details that go with a smart phone. I will post a better feedback in a few months after I have used it awhile.

The phone's great, but I don't know what I was thinking when I got white instead of black. I can't find a cover for it, which doesn't matter since the outside of the phone has become decorative because of its various stains. So, get the phone -- I like it as well as my kids' iphones! -- just not in this color.

Works great but have to shut it down to up date service every month and can't play most of my games that I liked on my HTC phone

It doesn't have a flash for the camera. That sucks! I need flash especially at night when I'm with family talking pictures.

I Love this phone, it is sleek, and stylish.  Just looks like you've spent hundreds of dollars on a phone and yet it was so inexpensive. The app store has so many things you can download on it.  I would recommend this phone to anyone that likes the android phones, but with a lesser price tag.

I do love this phone.  I still learn new things on it all the time.My biggest complaint is I use Utube tutorials all the time.  All of a sudden they quit working.  I did see some forums out there about it doesn't support flash.  I haven't updated my sd card yet n guess I Need too.That is my biggest disappointments as I rely on utube for school.  can anyone help me?  I noticed a lot of u said u enjoyed utube but never mentioned if u expanded yr card.i truly dread calling customer support bc their English is horrific.  I nearly have a nervous breakdown by the time I hang up or some type of spastic fit.  Other than the human side of that....Net10 keeps me completely satisfied.plz help w suggestions

I've had my phone for a couple months now and have had no problems with it. it is a really good phone to be cheap. anyone looking for a cover for your phone go to fatorder.com or look under the L3 E400, its a different name but same phone, anyways overall, this is a great phone and i would recommend it to anyone that is looking for a cheap smartphone.

We switched from Verizon to Net10, so I needed a phone that was part of that would work with their company. This phone did the job, the screen and camera are low quality compared to the past phones I have had, but really for $30 I paid for it, I shouldn't be complaining.

this is a great little smart phone for anybody only for net ten use only but its really good I love it .

for the prepaid phone this is the best android phone  so easy to use and its great price i have it for almost a year no problems with it

i like the  aps you can put in the cell phone its self.and all other things and so forth.

If you want a very basic phone with no frills this is for you. It's fine for calls and texts, but if you want to load a bunch of apps, you may want to pick a different phone. This phone follows up an Iphone 3 for me and it has nowhere near the capability of my iphone. The price is great and it's well made. Battery stays charged for a decent amount of time. I was used to having a BUNCH of apps running on my phone and just cant' do it on this one. I've tried to clear the cache and some other helpful hints that were online, but I still keep getting &#34;low memory&#34; messages.

Ive had this phone for a couple months now and i LOVE IT LOVE IT ! the only thing i hate it constanly wants to force stop apps and it run out of memory fast. The internal memory is only one gb and everything on your phone goes to that. But othwrwise its a great phone. I recommend everyone to get this. Very cheap and a good little phone.

if you are just now getting into the &#34;smartphone&#34; life, this is just the phone to learn on. Everything the big guys have and none of the frills you might not need or want. As you learn what a &#34;belt-clip brain&#34; can do to make your life simpler, you can upgrade to what will do the job for YOU.

Ordered this phone last month when my old phone quit working. i wasnt horribly impressed with it as downloads were terribly slow and i couldnt stream videos on it. but then miracle of miracles. Yesterday my somewhat rural county of residence in central kentucky got a 3G tower and this phone is great now. the only thing that did limit it was the connection i had available previously. So videos do load on youtube. Still slowly. i was able to download an 8 mb app this morning in under 2 min (took over an hour to download apps that aize before 3g was available. So yeah. happy with my phone. and i have no problem having multiple apps running at the same time but i generally don't cause the battery does run down fast

Let me tell you i'm PISSED OFF at the internal memory issue-apps taking up internal memory are unmovable to the sd card!! How am i supposed to do anything with this s***?! I deserve a better phone with a FAT DISCOUNT!

Love my phone! Easy to use, and love the Android system. Loved the price too!! Easy to find a cover for it.

This was a great value She has been excited with all the features this phone has to offer Excited to have the phone activated using Net10

It's a great phone as far as pricing & cosmetics go, with the added bonus of the mp3 player. But it doesn't have the greatest reception; you'll find getting a signal that is good enough to actually utilize many of the Android apps to be hit & miss at best.

Junk ! problems setting up and had to call net 10 twice to work it out! Phone works like crap and has no memory Do not buy or listen to other reviewers because you will be sorry if you buy this

IT IS EVERYTHING I NEEDED IN A SMART PHONE FOR CHEAP IT DOES ALL THINGS A MORE EXPENSIVE PHONE WILL DO I LOVE IT  THANK YOU FOR SELLING IT AT A AFFORDABLE  PRICE THANK YOU

One phone had a bad Sim n had to wait for a new one 2 weeks later grrrr, and the other phone won't hold apps for crap it has no storage space grrrrr!

I had been looking at this phone for six months, and finally decided to buy it when I saw they had lowered it to $49.99. OMG....I couldn't believe it, so I ordered two of them, one for me of course and one for my daughter for her birthday, we both absolutely LOVE IT!!! It is very stylish, i love the big screen, takes great pics, love the txt msging, and the internet works great too Lol. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a great android phone plus a very affordable price, will enjoy for sure.  Also, i ordered two phone cases for them and it looks just adorable, love my phone.....Yay me!!!

WOW!! A GREAT ITEM FOR THE PRICE.  MY FIRST SMART PHONE, AND I REALLY LOVE IT.  I WOULD RECOMMEND IT HIGHLY!

Great phone i dropped it numerous times and it still works great.video quality is great as well. no complaints at all.

Good Android phone for the price. $15.95 for rebuilt!

It's sort of a hybrid between a smartphone and a good old texting phone with all the buttons and whatnot. It definitely feels like a smartphone with the compasitive touch screen and multipoint touch. The streaming quality is not the best in bad reception spots but not terrible for the size of screen. Apps work well with it such as pandora, which is a great bonus. At first I thought the screen didn't move when turned sideways but that's only on the home screen. The internet feels like your old phone and not like what the newer smartphones or tablets would present to you. But its definitely a great phone if it's your first smartphone. Battery life isn't the best if heavly using like you would your older phones then it doesn't compare for battery life, probally because it is a smart phone, but if your more of a lighter user it last long enough to get you through the day. you have to download apps to put your own ringtones on the phone but it does work well with apps. will definitely enjoy this phone for a long time. they also throw in a surprise 4 gb micro sd card!Pros: compasitive touch feels like all other smartphones, great first smartphone, you get more than your moneys worth, comes with a 4gb micro sd card which is a great plus if you havn't purchased one yet, works great with apps, not too slow with normal service. Simple to transfer contacts over via bluetooth.Cons: Internet feels like older phones but gets the job done, battery life isn't the best for heavy users keep a tablet with you for your games, been having problems connecting some wifi points at home, and bluetooth may get in the way with some wifi points, but works with most.overall: great first smartphone for both adults and your children. and very affordable, you definately get more then your moneys worth.

i have had this about a month maybe! and i love love it. it does everything that i need and then some!!!

This phone is amazing!  It almost makes my IPod Touch obsolete!  Reasonably priced awesome service from Net 10. Highly recommended!

no memory no space to do anything.I cant do much without it stating no more space it stinks!They should send it with more space

My daughter purchased this and it has been nightmare after nightmare since we received it. Apparently only a select few can actually activate this phone. It doesn't have Swype, which is a feature she hoped to have, but could live without. It is Net10 locked, so we coudln't even transfer it to AT&T with the sim card we have for her other line.  It's just a night mare. By the time we finished fighting with Net10, it was too late to ask for a refund from the seller.

phone works great but you cant delete the apps that come with the phone and have to uninstall the apps updates are your run out of room from the apps that come with the phone

Hey what can i say Works grate i you get what you pay for i love net 10 smart way to save

I will first admit that my review is a bit skewed since I have never had a smartphone. My cellphones have all been oldschool until now so having my first android phone is a new thing.That said:Quality of manufacturing - When I fist saw it, I thought it's smaller than I expected but, as for it's durability, I can give a fine example. I dropped it on accident last night from about 5 ft up as I took my coat off. It flew about 5-6 ft away from me and crashed to the ground on a stone floor. It broke into 3 pieces, phone, back plate and battery. Everyone gasped. I put it back together and inspected it. Not a scratch or dent on it. It turned back on and ran fine with no problems. I immediately texted a friend to test it out. Works.Ease of use - I have big hands so typing messages on the keypad is annoying but not difficult. The settings/options are different than my old Net10 phone but it just takes some maneuvering.The only negative other than having big hands and it's a small phone is, I can't get the internet to connect at all. That means no apps. It DOES have a very limited internal memory so the reviews saying it has no internal memory are false. I already put a 4gb microSD card in it and have a 16gb card on standby. I think it will hold up to 32gb cards.Not a bad phone and will be better once I get Net10 on the phone to activate my internet options.

Needs  more memory and longer battery life but is adiquite for what I need it for. Would recommend this product.

i love it but still got alot to learn about it and need to know where to get a cover for it pink preferred

At first i thought this little Lg was great but after about 2 months I have changed my mind.  I have loved the Android operating system since I got the first Droid phone through Verizon 3 years ago, but in recent times I needed a less expensive monthly bill. So I switched to net10 and have had no problems with their service, but in terms of this phone, you get what you pay for in terms of hardware...The pros about this phone are that it has excellent battery life, there are some days I don't even need to plug it in. Android runs smooth on it, the home screens flow nicely. Its pretty bare bones which is also nice, doesn't come pre loaded with junk apps like the phones from Verizon etc...Like I said, you get what you pay for with the hardware... the phone is plastic all the way around. Which isn't such a bad thing I guess... helps keep the price under $100, but also the processor is a bit slow, again probably doesn't matter since its running an older version of Android.What prompted me to write this review was the fact that I got a scratch on the screen, which I literally have no idea how it happened, seriously... I should also add that I am very kind to my devices, I'm never clumsy with them or drop them, I always keep them in good condition and have never needed to use screen protectors or cases or anything.The screens resolution is not good . I went from the Droid 3 to this though, so my eyes had to adjust, and they did, but this is the same resolution as the very first Androids on the market from 4 years ago. Again, reflected in the price of this phone...Overall, I would maybe this to someome new to smartphones, who is also on a budget and literally can't afford anything else. I would also advise screen protection, even if you are good to your devices...

You get what you pay for. It's a cheap little phone for someone on a budget. It's really small but works nicely. Make sure it will work in your area before you purchase it or you will be constantly roaming and have no internet access. This also happens if you leave an area where the phone works. Net10 customer service is also pretty bad. I was on the phone with them for 2 hours as they passed me around to different departments, people, and managers. Most of which barely spoke English.

When I saw this phone online I really liked it. The reviews were great and that's what led me to purchase it. When I got it, it didn't work as well as I thought. It kept locking up and service wasn't good either. But that's no reflection on the seller.

Bought it for use of Facebook and internet, plus to take photos. I noticed right away there was no Sim card.I went ahead and continued with the process of getting everything set up on the phone. After giving the Tracfone  recording the numbers, it was supposedly set up. In two minutes, I successfully called my number. However, that's where the happy ends. I never got the huge amount of minutes I was supposed to get. I called back and after being told about punching codes, it would be another hour. I waited more than an hour, still no minutes. Rather than deal with codes, I'm sending it back to where I bought it. Never again. Wouldn't even give it one star, but we are required to, I guess.

First things FIRST, I like this product BUT!! The memory sucks you have to constantly delete your app.s.  The signal quality is Not the best, you could listening to Pandora and the screen will tell you it has to disconnect abruptly because youv'e lost connection If you ignore the screen it will continue to process just fine. So Whats that drama? Third it doesn't have a long battery life it started out fine, actually it started out really good. But the battery life on it seems to drain pretty quickly even when it's in sleep mode and the screen light off.First smart phone dont regret the purchase all in all would give it 3 1/2  stars though.

great fast prepaid phone only part i had a problem with was not screen shots and no front facing camera i dont know how to switch the memory from internal to sd card and hints or ideas... but after all great lg phone.

This phone is cheap for a reason.  I am working on my third one in less than 3 years.  These phones are fine for a while, but do not seem to last more than a year.  You get what you pay for.

Note: At the time I wrote this review, this phone costed $60, which was a great value. At the current price, I no longer recommend it. I now recommend this nearly identical phone for $50:LG L35G Android Prepaid Phone (Net10)I tested the smartphone for very specific purpose: to see if it can help people with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (ME/CFS) or Fibromyalgia manage their health and improve their life (as I describe in this article on Health Rising: [...]Overall, I'm thrilled with how well this smartphone works to complete the basic tasks I tested it for. The following tasks worked well on it:* journaling using AK Notepad together with Google Speech recognition* taking notes with Evernote,* making calls using Skype over Wi-Fi // Update: I ran into trouble using Skype on this phone the other day. Restarting the phone and running only Skype, no other applications, fixed the issue. If you're on a budget, I still recommend this phone, but if you have $150 to spend, I'd buy a higher-end phone. Skype is an important app to work on your phone, and restarting your phone can be a bit of a hassle.* tracking one's sleep with Sleep as Android* track one's heart rate with the Endomondo app and the Zephyr HxM Bluetooth Wireless Heart Rate Sensor, an android-compatible heart-rate monitor.This said, there are also many thinks this phone can't do. I'm not holding this against it, as the phone does the things I asked of it really well. I still think you should know about the things it can't do, in case your budget is not as tight and you might want to have a phone that excells at everything.* The screen is probably the phone's weakest point. To read comfortably the journal entries in my AK Notepad app, I had to increase the font size. This was okay for what I wanted to do, but would definitely be a problem if you want to use the phone as a reading device. Also, the screen was not good enough to really enjoy watching YouTube videos.* The phone comes without a headset, so I recommend that you buy- this $5 headset (Samsung Ehs44Assbe 3.5Mm Stereo Earbud Headset With Answer Button High Performance) and- this headset clip (Bose SIE2 Sport Headphones Clothing Clip - Dark Gray), to really enjoy listening to audiobooks or music on it.* The system memory of the device was full once I had installed all the application needed for managing chronic fatigue syndrome and fibromyalgia. If you need the smartphone for purposes other than managing your health, the limited system memory will likely become a problem.Therefore, if you have sufficient funds , which many people with ME/CFS and Fibromyalgia don't, you might want to look into buying a brand-new smart phone that does not have these limitations. For example, you might want to look into the Samsung Galaxy S4, or as a happy medium, a second-hand Samsung galaxy S2. To to safely purchase a secondhand device, you might want to try doing it through the online service swappa.In summary, I will still rate this smart phone five stars, because it does the job I need it for really well: it provides all the functionality someone with chronic fatigue syndrome or fibromyalgia needs to manage their health and life, and it does so at an incredibly affordable price.

I was reluctant to take the leap to a touchscreen phone since I had adjusted just fine to &#34;dumb phone&#34; when my blackberry hit the toilet, literally.  Maybe my expectations are low compared to some of the people who have had so many complaints about what this phone can't do, but for the money - what do you expect???  I was pleasantly surprised that this phone does all that I need it to do.  I can text, surf the web, watch you tube, receive and send emails and interact on facebook with ease.  The only downfall is the camera...but I am not complaining - I have a real camera, and for the money, this phone is AWESOME!

MY HUSBAND BY THIS PHONE AND HE LIKE IT A LOT. ITS NOT SO BIG BUT ITS ANDROID. ITS A GOOD PHONE.

I originally bought this phone almost 2 years ago and am still using it today and I love it!! I tried buying adifferent one a few months ago just because I thought I might like a change and it was awful. This phone is indestructible compared to other smartphones. I absolutely recommend this phone!

I cannot express how horribly disappointed I am in this phone.  Not only did it have horrible memory, it died after a little over a month of extremely gentle use.  No drops, nothing.The best part?  The memory card I put in it refuses to come out.  I'm about to break the think open just so I can get my memory card with photos on it back undamaged.This is the only Android phone from Net10 that works in my area because it's the only one that has a SIM card and yet it sucks.I've been a long time Net10 customer but I'm about to get rid of their service altogether after this nightmare.

This is not my first cheap version smart phone. The first one was so terrible I actually went back to using a phone with a cracked screen until I was able to purchase another phone rather than using that one! This phone is NOTHING like that! I LOVE, LOVE ittt! I use it on wi-fi whenever possible for the fastest web ability. When I have service and am using the internet it is very slow loading but I chalk that up to living in the middle of B.F.E. ( for those who know what that means lol) So I cant complain because even out in the sticks I have pretty good service and am able to make/receive calls and texts so thats is fine with me.I have only one complaint and that is that you cant seem to store too much on the phone and a lot of programs cannot be moved off the phone and onto the eternal memory. Does anyone know how to fix this problem? Please share if you would be so kind!

I have a am old flipper phone and was not ready for the fancy expense phone. But wanted a newer phone and decide to take a chance with this phone. And I just love it.

Was using a flip phone for a while now because I wanted to wait before I made a final decision on a smart phone. I am sort of on a budget and found the LG Optimus Logic to be affordable and simple to use for my first smart phone. I will admit browsing the web on it can be a little slow but I only use it for facebook and youtube. As for everything else I just need it for calls and texts. If you don't feel like paying for one of those $800 iphones with contracts then I would highly recommend getting this phone if you want something small, affordable, and easy to use.

We like this phone a lot! very fast, and reliable speeds, battery, and memory storage. I wasn't expecting it to work so well.

I havent use it yet cant make up my mine if I want keep it or sell it it fast delivery I hate you have to get the 50 card I dont know how put the minutes on it going get my daughter to help me .I love doing business with amazon

This is truely the Best Inexpensive Android phone on the Market. I had a Nokia E5 and my son got me The LG Optimus Logic for Christmas. It does what an inexpensive phone does and does it well. It has a small internal memory size though and at first this was a problem but "MY" solution was simply to download, read the simple instructions and use the following apps - It will take care of it:1. App 2 SD2. SanDisk Memory Zone.I have 9 apps plus the default apps loaded on my LG Optimus Logic with no problems.PicayuneMan

It's a nice small prepaid touchscreen phone for the price. I really like the design and it's nice smooth feel ,and also the color, brand and carrier. I have never had any problems using net10. It has good coverage and your not locked into a contract. The phone is easy to use and works fine. You can upload pictures and websites in a decent amount of time . You can call, text, check your email, take pictures or open your browser from your home screen, and you can check which apps are running. The camera is decent and I believe you can upload your pictures to a computer using the usb cord , or send them by sharing.

I'll do a comparison:I was prepared for a bare-bones phone, but I was still surprised at the poor screen resolution of this LG; it was like looking at an old Nintendo 64 game.  Metro sells the Samsung Admire for around the same price (that's what I have now) and it's a much better looking phone.  Though the camera's megapixels is higher on the LG,  the Admire is a far better camera.  They both have terribly slow streaming on Netflix but, Net 10 has awful customer service: very long hold-time and they double-billed me so I had to wait for a refund.You're not going to get top-of-the-line service with either company since they're low-end but Metro is a slightly better deal: better customer service and a much nicer phone.

i just got this phone 2 weeks ago at walmart for $80 and i love it!theres alot of apps plus the ones you can download! its a great phone AND its only $50 a month! its an androidLOVE IT!! :))
