
I liked the product and its affordable price. appropriate product information and purchase facilities, I am very grateful. thanks you

Smart phone, but easy to use for me, who is not too tech. savvy.  My son is still teaching me all the features; tonight he is going to show me how to just talk my &#34;text&#34;, as I'm not too fast on the keyboard.  I know I'm going to love that feature!

I am actually between a two star and a three star rating.  The price was do-able, the shipping was prompt, and the phone arrived as promised.  The phone boasts a lot of features I don't actually need, and may never use.  But I am convinced that much of the boasting is misguided.  I have not had time to completely evaluate the performance, but it exhibits flaws that I consider significant.  For example, every day some of the settings change automatically, and I have to reset them where I want them.  At  this point some of the features still seem quite cumbersome to use.  So far I have been unable to successfully download multimedia messages that have been sent.  And I am convinced that someone owned or used this phone before me, as there are numerous internet searches that have popped up from day one, of which I have no knowledge whatsoever.  I have not yet discussed this with customer service, but I will soon.

It's not bad so far haven't had any trouble and works ok some times if you wait until the bugs are worked electronics' do better. So I'd tell people to buy one from the company I got this one from has a good warranty and got here fast and there's nothing wrong with buying a refurbished phone. I like this one nothing fancy but again wasn't looking for that.

My wife insisted I get a smart phone, so I checked the reviews on walmart.com [we use Straight Talk].  This one was the highest rated, in the price range I was willing to spend [$100U.S.].  The only problem?  Walmart didn't have one in stock, & my thirty days was up in only three more days, so Amazon Prime to the rescue!I've had it about 90 days, & here's what I think.I added a 32GB microSD card, & I've got 30 or more apps on it, mostly on the card.  It runs pretty smooth most of the time, w/ only an occasional hiccup.If I had to pick ONE thing that I don't like about it, its the size; its just a little too small for me.  If I had to pick ONE feature that's missing, I'd say its the ability to use it like an Android tablet, to connect my TV.But its mostly good.  I've noticed that some phones have this thing where the screen blacks out when you're on the phone, & it seems like the touch feature doesn't work then.  That, & the size are the only complaints I have.Have a GREAT day, Neighbors!

The touch screen does not function properly. Too much hassle to send it back to straight talk And wait two weeks for another one.

I ordered a refurb...so was a little unsure, but I love everything about it!  This is my first smart phone!

i absolutely love my phone.  i would highly recommend this phone to anyone.  have not had any issues with it

I love my new phone. I received it very fast and more then happy with it. I like that it also came with a money back guarantee.

Had it for two weeks now and havent had any problems.  The only issue I have is the battery life does not last long enough , other than that its a great phone.

I may not be able to finish this review because the phone is once again almost out of charge after light use.Pros-It hasn't broken down.Cons-Tricky keyboard. If you don't press the tops of letters, it uses the below letter.  If your fingers are adult size, you'll have a hard time.-Annoyingly changes settings ALL THE TIME. Display goes to landscape, turns off wifi (this could be straight Talk preventing further usage), goes to airplane mode by itself. In general, lots of time wasted putting original settings back.-cell charge is horrible, I do a lot to preserve charge. Still good for 2 hours max.-Straight Talk is not straight . It took me a while to figure out but at any point they throttle and every function except call and text stop. I thought it was my phone or area of coverage. It's Straight Talk.-The screen is very small. Really slows down productivity.Summary - I was excited to get this phone. I'm excited to throw it away now.

I really like my Samsung Galaxy, It is easy to use and so far I have not had any problems with it except I have to adjust the brightness setting alot for some reason it keeps changing the setting and I have to brighten it up.

Under the manufacturers warranty straight talk will replace your phone with a used, repaired and or rebuilt one of lesser value and fewer features should a problem occur with the original phone you purchased.  During the manufactures warranty you will never receive and in kind device. So instead of getting a Galaxy Proclaim back you will receive, for instance a used, rebuilt Galaxy Centura.  That's worth pondering before you buy anything from them!

OK, so I don't usually write reviews, but I thought I would give a shout out to this little guy. I bought this phone for my daughter as her first cell phone. I didn't want a bottom line phone, but I wasn't going to invest in a real expensive one for her first phone either. My exerience with Straight Talk was satisfactory, but nothing to really brag about. My experience with this phone has been great so far! My daughter has had no complaints and I have pretty high expecations since I like the bells and whistles of the more modern phones (S3, S4, Nexus 4, etc). While this phone doesn't have all the useless features of the aforementioned phones, I will say that it gets the job done. I have not lost coverage yet! I can't say the same for T-Mobile, my GSM counterpart I purchased to use on Straight Talk. No, this phone doesn't have a flash on the camera, but if I want pictures that are that much better, I will grab my actual camera! It does have some interesting little features that even my phone didn't have, which I thought was pretty cool, especially since my daughter loves the minor things she can do to personally customize this phone to her liking. All in all, I love the phone and have no complaints about it. I will mention that in looking at Amazon, I would buy directly from Straight Talk or try Ebay. Amazon now is a little overpriced for this phone. Great phone, though!Side note~coverage really depends on service in your area. You can't judge a phone based mainly off of its coverage. This review is based off of my experienc in my area on the east coast.

I was a person who didn't like change. I've had my flip phone for years.  My kids hated to see me pull it out.  So I decided to get a new phone.  Had my student to help me on line to pick one.  I must say he did a good job!

I got this &#34;reconditioned&#34; free on straight talk's website about 2 weeks ago.  Its only android 2.3, 512mb ram, & there's no camera flash but its great for free

I had an iphone4 and about a year ago I switched to this phone (my contract was up and I wanted cheaper monthly payments and my screen was cracked like a spider web).  It seemed to have all of the basics I was looking for in a smartphone.  Since purchasing this phone I have dropped it 2-3 dozen times (I'm very clumsy) and just last Friday I FLUSHED MY PHONE DOWN THE TOILET.  Yes, that's right...splash, swirl, swirl, gurgle, gurgle, gurgle.  I fished it out as quick as I could and took out the battery and sim card and put it in a bowl of rice and let it sit all day while I was at work.  When I came home, it seem dry (and saying some prayers) turned it on AND IT WORKED!  The screen was perfect, not blurred or blacked out and still had all touch screen capabilities.  The sound was a bit off but after letting it dry out some more over night that too worked just fine.  I'll never go back to an apple phone and when I do upgrade (it will be a while since this one works just fine) it will be with another Android.

We should be told that we cannot activate this phone unless we send in a receipt and other paper work.

there was a issue with the phone, I contacted the seller and they sent my refund without any problem just hated the phone did not work but when I get another one I will try them again.

Purchased this phone as a replacement for an old phone...perfect purchase for any android user. Thank you very much for this item...

I have had this phone for over a year.  This is a fairly rugged phone and the screen has stayed nice despite it spending a lot of time in my pants pockets with car keys.  The battery holds up well if you are in a good cell service area but if it is out of good coverage, the battery will drain faster.  Even after a year, the battery lasts over 10 hours with normal use.  A spare battery is $8 shipped on Amazon.  I bought another one for my wife today.  I too paid $175 for this when then were in big demand, the new one was only $99 shipped.  It would be better if it has a screen facing camera.

After I read this consumer alert, no way will I use Strait-Talk. Read and decide for yourself.Buyer BewareA good number of Straight Talk customers reported to Newsbeat Epicenter a variety of horror stories in conjunction with this cellular company. So Newsbeat Epicenter ordered the Samsung Glaxy Proclaim/Gingerbread 2.3 and the Samsung Galaxy Precedent Gingerbread 2.3 to experiment with. First of all the Android 2.3 is pretty amazing plus there are over 600,000 apps you may be interested in with many of them free of charge and others mighty low cost.However, unboxed, these Straight Talk handsets claim unlimited talk, text and data. As it turns out the talk and text have been unlimited with the Unlimited $45 load card. However, during our experiment our data slowed down to nearly nothing on both handsets in 3 week period of time. And when our techs called Straight Talk they claimed we used too much data so they drastically cut our speed way down. Straight Talk provided that the data is not at all unlimited as they claim. Well they refused to give us back our surfing speed and we were told we would not get back to normal until we renewsed our so-called "Unlimited" service the next month. So we did renew and our surfing speed went back to normal for a few hours then both handsets were deactivated because we used too much data. The one handset was reactivated yet we were warned about data abuse. The other handset was locked down entirely and we were told that phone could never be activated again by Straight Talk nor any other cellular company. By the way they charged us $53.08 yet deactivated our service about 12 hours later. We are seeking a chargeback of that money but have not received it as of yet. And we will not be receiving our money back for the expensive handset they locked down.So buyer beware! There is a catch to the Straight Talk "unlimited" data

I already own one of these and bought this one for my 15 yr old daughter. She absolutely loves it!

I currently own a Proclaim (which I love) and was purchasing one for my daughter.  Package came as expected however the phone was not registered with Straight Talk when originally purchased. Straight Talk would not activate this phone and the phone had to be returned.  When buying a phone off Amazon, make sure the phone was registered with Straight Talk from the original purchaser (whoever bought the phone from the manufacturer) or be able to provide the original receipt or the phone is useless (basically stolen).

This is literally the worst phone I've ever owned. Yes the software is good and it has good pixels. But when choosing a phone 6 months ago I thought it would be perfect. However, it has the shortest battery life. The phone will get really hot, almost too hot to touch, and then the battery will drain from full to critical in 10 minutes. I've spoken to a couple friends who have this phone and they've experienced the same problem. Replacing the battery hasn't solved the problem either. Don't buy this phone, it's a waste of your money. Especially if it gets too hot, and the battery doesn't last long enough to even use.(Note: It does this even if your you're not using your phone, and it's locked. This started two weeks after owning my phone.)

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE AT WAL MART FOR LIKE A 100 BUX, NOT A BAD PHONE AT ALL. IT COMES WITH THE 4GB CARD SO THERE IS A DECENT AMOUNT OF MEMORY DEPENDING ON WHAT UYOU PLAN ON DOING WITH THE PHONE. IT COULD USE A BETTER OUTPUT SOUND ON THE EXTERNAL SPEAKER..ALTOGETHER NO REGRETS ON BUYING IT.

I can say this is the perfect phone for young adults, and also for anyone who still has a boring basic flip-phone like I DID!! I am having some issues with apps, new SD card, 'porting' old phone number, etc. nothing major.IMPORTANT NOTE: I went to WalMart.com where there is everything you could ever want to know about this phone, and I recommend getting this AT your WalMar store IF AT ALL POSSIBLE! It's ONLY $149 at WM, plus you will need to buy the $45 monthly UNLIMITED card which they have aplenty at the WM stores. I was lucky enough to get the LAST Proclaim they had, but you can check your store first or order it on the website. "Customer Service" from Straight Talk blows, but if you think you can manage without it, this is an awesome deal!!

Pros:-Fun: Let's be honest the jump from a feature phone (non-smart phone) to an android product is a huge change and the android features are obviously going to be enjoyable!-Fast:My experience with android phones is limited but for the cost (excuse the conditional statement), this phone seems peppy enough.-Cheap: android phones are expensive this one is reasonably priced for the features included.Cons:-Battery life is nothing short of horrendous. This phone required charging at least twice a day under light use. I'm a teacher and work all day, so it's not as though I spend my whole day on the phone (the same can't be said of some students). I listen to music on the way in to work for about 45 minutes and charge it the whole way. I get home and may use it to check facebook, send a few texts and make a couple calls. On average, I probably spend less than a half hour per day calling. No matter what shortly after I get back home the phone is DEAD.-The charger: charger does not seem to work very well. At one point I tried using the phone as a GPS while plugged in. Upon arriving at my destination, I unplugged the phone, only to have it inform me that it had low batter life (it didn't BEFORE I plugged it in!).SUMMARY/TLDR: The phone is inexpensive and has some nice features. It works well if you can charge it almost full time-the battery life is extremely short-lived).I ended up buying a Huawei Ascend Y instead. I get far better battery life and was able to purchase a 32gb microSD card to go with it and still save money.

I love my my Samsung phone. It does everything I need it to do .For example;calling.I can here much better than with my old phone. It

Straight talk did not recognize the serial number they put on their own phone so I could not even activate or use it.

I liked this phone. I operated very well and performed its functions with speed.  Really the only negative thing i can mention is the absolutely horrible issues with the battery.  the battery never seem to last and the phone got more and more difficult to charge.Had two of them and the same problems with both.

I loved my first Proclaim phone  but I like this one even more. The screen with the letters is bigger and the phone just seems better. The charge holds really well. I would buy this again without any reservations.

First of all, I would like to say that I do like this phone and would buy it again. I find the reception great, and the phone fairly solid with a few quirks.Pros.The phone runs on the Verizon network, so my coverage is great.My monthly cell phone bill dropped by about %40 when I made the switch.Cons1.) The phone will reboot on its own about once a week. Not a big issue, but strange.2.) The phone has twice gone into a mode where the screen gets locked into Landscape mode. I called Straighttalk for support and they gave me solution. With the phone still powered up, remove the battery. Wait for a few minutes put it back in, power up and you are OK. This does not work if  you power the phone down first.3.) The battery life is sometimes low. Make sure you disable the GPS when not using it or you are looking at 1-2  hours. I charge it at least twice a day, overnight and mid afternoon.

This phone has actually blown my expectations away. It does everything i need it to plus more. Internet works great and the built in speaker works like a champ. The only real downside is that rarely, and i mean rarely, it freezes and resets itself. Also when you're texting it wont always recognize the letters you're typing so you have to manually reset the phone. BUt besides that it is very very good.

I bought the Straight Talk Proclaim because my contract with Verizon was just eating up my money. I like the service - I REALLY don't like this phone's version of android. My previous phone was the Blackberry Storm - which I loved. I wanted to get the new BB Z10, but it wasn't worth the premium paid to Verizon. Anyway.... This Proclaim android phone takes 2-3 MORE steps to do simple things. If I want to dial someone, I have to CONFIRM the that I want to dial, EACH TIME. Also, the calendar notifications are quite poor - I use the calendar multi times a day to remind me of just about everything. The phone just has a short list of very short ringing notification sound selections and when they go off, they only show the current time, NOT the calendar listing (which I was used to on Blackberry). That means I have to open the phone (because it's ALWAYS LOCKED), open the calendar, and see which item was notified. I say 'which' because, on the daily calendar view, this version of android lists the recurring items (of which I have several everyday) on a list and the other items in the calendar by time entry. And sometimes I just don't recall which thing was supposed to be noticed - because the 'listed' items don't give the times when they're supposed 'ring'!EVERYTHING on this operating system takes SEVERAL MORE STEPS to do just about any task. I almost bought the iPhone5, but I didn't because of the $650 price tag. The Proclaim is $149 from Walmart. I think I regret it now.I looked at other reviews and you might find the LG Optimus Logic or the Huawei Ascend Y which are in the same price range and functionality a better buy for you. I didn't check all of the listed phones here at Amazon, but I'd check others before purchasing.If I can upgrade the OS, I will try that next. If I can't do that, I'll wait a few months and look for another phone and dump this one.Good luck!

The phone is fine but the battery is so swollen that it won't even fit into the phone. This problem was not mentioned in the details and there is no store in town that sells the battery I need so now I have to wait for another shipment of a separate order. Thanks!

Never buy this phone used.... at first it is wonderful, but after a while it lags a lot, the phone dialer freezes every time you try to make a call!!

I love this phone, the ease of using it and all its features, but the battery life is horrible. I've had this phone for just over a year now despite the bad battery reviews, but its true. It worked great for awhile, then I was charging it twice a day and finally it only lasted for one 10 minute conversation or a few texts before it kept turning off. Now it turns on, but the screen is black. For $150, I expect the life expectancy to be a lot more than a year. Now I have to get another phone already and my phones usually last me 3+ years.

This is by far the best Straight Talk phone I have ever used.  The main reason is because it is a CDMA phone which uses verizon towers so I get awesome reception.  Where I am at I have heard the only two companies that have good reception are Verizon and U.S. Cellular.  My wife has U.S. Cellular but pays much more a month to use her smartphone. The screen is big, I can use it to check both my juno and gmail accounts.  It has the google play store so I will never run out of apps.  The price is very reasonable.  Before I bought this phone I would always be using the wife's phone to check craigslist and whatever.  That annoyed her so I am very happy I went ahead and bought me an Android phone.

Straight Talk Technical support claims there is a recall on this phone and if it says none under PRL version they will refuse to do anything to option this correctly and will not send you the same phone properly optioned. They will offer you a Centura which is a lesser phone with bad reviews. I had to go to the Executive Branch for Tracfone in Miami , FL to get the issue resolved. (Karen Calderon). They still didn't send ma a properly optioned Proclaim but did give me a better phone that had better reviews. Good Luck, Straight Talks customer service and technical support sucks, Big Time.

My contract with Verizon was about to end and I wanted to switch to a SmartPhone because I love the idea of bringing the net with me. I wanted to stay with Verizon because they have the best coverage and never had dropped calls the 10 years I was with them. Then I found that stepping up to a smartphone meant that Verizon was going to cost me $90/month for a package deal that included 450 minutes of voice, 500 texts and I forget how much data, but it wasn't a lot. So I started looking around for other carriers, like Virgin Mobile, Cricket, Boost Mobile. The big thing for me was that with those providers you buy the phone and then the service was around $50/month. Much better price than Verizon wanted to charge. The big drawback for me was that the majority of them used the Sprint network which I heard around me was TERRIBLE for coverage. Then a friend of mine mentioned Straight Talk. Unlimited talk text and web for $45/month. So I checked out their website and which carriers they used, again, most of them ran off the Sprint network. But hold on, two of them run off the Verizon network, one of them is the Samsung Proclaim. So I did some research and verified that the Proclaim does indeed use the Verizon network! Unlimted talk, text and web for $45/month? Sign me up.At the time no Walmart by me had them in stock so I had to order it off the website, and I also picked up the 30 days of use card to activate the phone. The phone itself is very nice, this being my first smart phone I figured I'd be a little overwhelmed by it but found it pretty easy to use. I was able to transfer my number from Verizon, activated the 30 day unlimited use card and I  was on my way. Now this is where the problems with the service began. After a few days of use I lost my data connectivity and could not make any calls with it. The phone was on but pretty much useless. I called Straight Talk to find out what the problem was. I was on with customer service for over an hour, having me turn the phone off and on, dialing a certain string of numbers to increase the roaming etc. I got the phone working again and a few days the same problem happened, could not make calls, no data connectivity. This happened 6 times in one month. Every time I would be on the phone for over and hour sorting things out and the agent would tell me that "this will never happen again". The very last time it happened I simply told Straight Talk that if it happened one more time, I'd go back to Verizon. And from then on, it has never happened again. Every so often I would get the dreaded "DATA CONNECTION LOST" error message but it sorts itself out and within 10 seconds I have the internet connection on the phone again.Now to be fair my uncle decided to take the plunge and buy one of these in January of 2013, even though he knew of the problems I had my first month. Interestingly enough, he bought the same exact model I have, and the same exact plan. He's has not had one problem with it. He lives in Vermont and if you don't have Verizon up there the phone just will not work all that well.So do I recommend Straight Talk? Well yes but you have to remember the first 30 days I had with them were just terrible so you may end up taking them up on their 30 day return policy.Note: I have heard that Straight Talk will kick you off the network if you hog bandwidth. I love to stream audio with this phone and have literally left it on all night and never had any problems.

every thing worked perfect except for the charging port will not stay charged on one day of charging , requires multiple batteries.

The only thing I &#34;dislike&#34; is that I thought I was getting an ATT phone and it is Verizon.There is NO Verizon service to a part of KY that I visit frequently, so I am without service.Other than that I am very happy

It didn't have anything with it and the screen was scratched so it's hard to see hard the home scherzo

This is one of the best cell phones I've used up to this point.  It was everything I could ask for!  The only thing is that now the system is out-dated(it runs on Gingerbread[Android 2.3]).  But I could download the apps I wanted quickly, check my e-mail, do Facebook, Tango(when I had it), Kik, and pretty much anything else that I needed.  I got a Galaxy Discover later and I wish Samsung had used this as the model for future phones of a similar size.  The chamber for the micro SD card on this is easy access; on the Discover I have to remove the back cover to insert the micro SD card, which is a little annoying, but that's what you have to do on most phones.  If Samsung had used this phone as the model for many of their other phones, I doubt I'd see as many 1 star reviews for some of their other models.  I think if someone rates this phone 1 star, it's because they're either very impatient or very abusive towards these devices, because this is a great device.  It's the PERFECT starter for an Android newcomer.  It's extremely user friendly, fast, and fun.  The only downside for a newcomer would be that it would make them set a high bar for future phones because the Proclaim would create the burden of expectation for their future phones.

I BROUGHT MY HUSBAND INTO NEW AGE TECHNOLOGY (HE HAD A FLIP PHONE) lol!! LETS JUST SAY HE IS PLEASED HE LIKE THIS PHONE AND SAYS IT PRETTY AWESOME!!

This is my first android powered phone and I have to say it is amazing from Pandora to Facebook, its interface the active backgrounds are great, the phone can do everything I need, the only thing I can complain it doesn't do is tether (create a wifi hotspot)but I don't really need it to do so, I think the reason people have rated it so low on here is because they haven't done their research its a pre paid phone its not like its going to have a 10 megapixel camera, the price should not be an issue do your research and find a deal online, at the end of the day if your ready for a nice android phone that can have a wealth of internet possibilities get this phone, if you want the best phone on the market with every feature you can possibly have, don't buy this phone

I bought this phone for my husband and he loved it. We also got it for a great price. I'm going to be buying another one for Christmas for a gift for someone..

I have had my Proclaim for well over a year. I recently thought about updating to the Centura and bought a used one. That phone, though equipped with Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich), was a total piece of junk. Here's why the Proclaim is head and shoulders above the Centura: you can directly interface with the microSD card. The Proclaim allows the user to store apps on an SD card, move music, pictures and video from hard drive to the card as well. Android 2.3 is adequate for the basic user. As far as the complaints about Straight Talk's limited Unlimited plan, one must read the fine print but they do let you know. Only data that is used with programs or apps pre-loaded on the phone are unlimited. In other words, one could watch Youtube until the cows come home and never have speed throttled down. Should one acquire the Netflix app, yes, you would likely lose your speed after a few days of usage as that app did not come pre-loaded on the phone.As far as he complaints about battery life, isn't this the major complaint for ALL smart and iPhones?  Look, the more apps you have, the more your battery has to work. Most apps don't shut off when the user backs out of them and so they continue to draw power. Get a task manager app or utilize the built in widget to monitor apps that need to be killed and you'll be ok. Additionally, the displays eat up most of the battery life but this can be monitored and adjusted by the user. The phone has 5 home screens but again, if you load them all with apps, it will likely slow the phone down and drain battery life. I'm operating with 2 homescreens and this seems to be enough. Keep it simple. Additionally, I have bought two backup batteries that I try and take with me when I'm traveling or unable to charge the phone. batteries are not as expensive as I thought (I bought two off of Ebay for less than 20 bucks).The phone can receive wi-fi signals and uses less battery power when doing so. 3G connectivity is necessary for certain functions like GPS. I'm not sure why. The USB charger is ok and you can download Airdroid to allow your phone to engage in wireless interface with your PC or laptop.I can play Temple Run 2 on my phone but need to be mindful not to have other apps running simultaneously because this creates lag during the game. Contacts can be imported from email accounts, Facebook etc. If you keep contacts backed up on your SD card you can import or export them.The alarm clock function works fine. I think the calendar function is quite useful. One can sync their corporate email and the phone can be adjusted to require a password and lockout times.No issues EVER with calls being dropped. However, with certain contacts, my phone doesn't seem to ring when they call me and so I end up missing calls. No big deal. Again, the Straight Talk Unlimited Plan is $45. Even if it's not unlimited, it's still better than a contract.Overall, I think the interface is quite intuitive and the phone doesn't require much time to become used to operating it effectively. The phone comes with all of the Google apps including Google Play Music. Some of the Google apps arent quite so good. I really like the GPS feature and use it all the time. it has never steered me wrong. The phone also is equipped with Bluetooth and you can share music with this feature.Android 2.3 is not compatible with Google's Chrome app. So that sucks if you like that broswer but I was able to use opera-mini.Also, the face is equipped with Gorilla Glass. I have dropped my phone on many hard surfaces and the glass is still intact. Admittedly, it has 2 very small cracks but these do not seem to have grown bigger. The speaker is not that great but with the right headphones compensates for it.Now, I bought this phone immediately after it was released. It cost me $179 bucks. Currently, Straight Talk is offering the Galaxy Proclaim at $99. Keep in mind that this is the same price as the Centura. Buy the Proclaim. It's a great phone and does exactly as it says. Simple to use, reliable and fits in your pocket. I recommend it to everyone I know. If you like the additional perks that contract phones provide and don't mind the ridiculous monthly dues that go along with it, then stay with your contract. If you're willing to give up some ofthe luxury for a solid entry level Android, then this is the phone for you. It's a CDMA phone and utilizes Verizon's humongous network. So that's a bonus.

and the keyboard is beyond bad.  Try a 1 button dial and it works--fifty percent of the time.  Try dialing an area code and number and it works--never on the first dial, and maybe you can key it in on the second  try.  Don't waste your money.  I promise you will want to pitch out the window after a while.  It's only a good phone while you're talking.  Oh, texting is also a pain with this keyboard.

Love this phone! Its not a Galaxy S3 or higher but this is the best phone that Straight Talk carries for the value in Dollars!User Friendly and has many features  that assist you without the high end $...My Husband loves this phone and will turn his in for the Galaxy next time!

I got mine at WalMart 2 months ago; it was much cheaper. You can also order direct from Straight Talk cheaper with free overnignt shipping.As a smart phone it is OK except for the camera which is slow to respond and has no flash. It has froze up twice while using the camera. Battery life is OK as long as I don't have both 3G and WiFi on at the same time.Annoying features: You get the same tone for texts and emails, and you can't turn one off and leave the other one on. It's both or nothing. Also it beeps to tell you that charging is completed. How many people charge their phone on the nightstand when they sleep? I do. I have not found a way to silence this feature alone, without silencing calls as well.Straight Talk CDMA phones use the Verizon network but coverage is not as good as if you have a Verizon contract because Verizon pays for their contract customers to roam on other CDMA towers. My straight talk phone did not work AT ALL in Alaska last month; in the past I have gone there with a Verizon phone and it worked. Straight Talk customer service told me there are no Verizon towers in Alaska. The did credit me for the 6 days of no service. Verizon plans to start building towers in AK this year.My wife's Straight Talk phone is a GSM phone so it uses ATT network and worked fine in Alaska. But we signed her up for Straight Talk service in a different city. Straight Talk decides which network you can sign up for depending on where you use your phone the most when you sign up. This also determines which phones you can use. On GSM you may be able to use a phone you already have including iPhone, but on CDMA (Verizon) you have to buy a Straight Talk phone.In December I lost my job and turned in my company Blackberry, so had to get a personal phone. This is MUCH better than a Blackberry, no comparison. I wanted an iPhone but couldn't justify the extra cost. I have been a loyal Apple fan since before Apple was cool, but I have to admit it is a real treat to be able to load music on this phone without having to deal with iTunes.Update 5/19/2013 I have been working in Africa for three months and of course this does not work as a phone outside the US. It does work as a wifi Internet device so I can browse the web and email. Also run keeper works here even without wifi and I just wait to download my runs when I have wifi. The first time I used run keeper it took a long time to latch onto the satellites and sometimes now it takes a few minutes but eventually tracks my runs accurately. Whenever I go to the US on leave I just sign up on the Internet for one month Straight Talk, and then activate my phone when the plane lands in Atlanta. Unfortunately I have to sign up for a month even if I will only be in the us for a week or two.

3.1 Mega Pixel camera for basic picturesVideo program1G internal memoryGPSMP4 Music PlayerVoice Recorder (studio quality)Voice to Text4G micro SD cardyoutube3G Wifi connectivityI got this phone as my first camera as a (touch screen smart phone) and the only issue I had was the battery had problems however once I purchased some replacement ones here on Amazon well everything is great.  I am almost 50 and the phone does everything I need.  For an affordable little phone this does the job.  Dimensions are (3&#34; high (NOT) 3.5 get a ruler people or a tape measure and hopefully you can measure the screen (lol)Dimensions of Screen are ( 3&#34; H  x  2&#34; W )Graphics are great for this little phone and Samsung delivers a great little phone for the money....and remember for the money means just that.........look at what you get for under $100 wow!!If you pile on the Apps to the phone and over load it well the phone will operate (slowly) like your brain...lolThis is not an ideal (gaming) phone it is a (phone) which means you use it as a (communication) device ....lolThe MP4 player has its own EQ which sounds amazing for the size and depending on the music you have well it is astonishing for the price too.

Battery life doesn't last more than a day with light usage.  Other than that its a pretty good phone. Pretty pleased.

For the price, it's good, abit slow to load, but nothing significant, overall I'm pleased with this phone and svc

I bought this phone from walmart jan 7th only been about 4 months since i have owned it and it doesnt charge right one second it is charging the next second it isnt. If you dont check it to make sure it is charging every few minutes you will come back to a deader battery then you started out charging to begin with... Other then that problem i love the phone and everything it can do but i have read reviews other place since i started having this problem i dont seem to be the only person that has charging issues after a few months of use also my friend as the same phone and also has the same issues i'm having....!!!

work even inside my house and does much more...easy to figure out and i would buy again if i need a new phone

While I like the Galaxy Proclaim phone I do not like tracphones customer service.  I have had to use them 3 times in the last 2 months and it was brutal.  I spent over 1 1/2 hours on hold to get help and when someone came to the phone to help me they couldn't speak English well enough for me to understand them.  After asking for someone who I could understand I got another non-english speaking person.  They can't understand me and I can't understand them.  After asking for someone else I was put on  hold for 39 mnutes before someone came to the phone, ANOTHER non english speaker. Their customer service is non existant as long as it comes out of a another country.  I am leaving straighttalk because of their non existant customer service.  I can get a phone anywhere and get a good plan and have customer service that I can understand.  I would advise anyone considering Straight Talk to reconsider because if you ever need customer service you will be sorry. I spent over 3 hours on the phone trying to fix a problem that they created.  Two people said I needed a new sim card, when the phone worked perfectly well before they got a hold on it.  After getting transfered and waiting forever for a 3rd person I was told I didn't need a sim card and it was finally fixed.  DON'T USED STRAIGHT TALK, you will be sorry if you ever need customer service.Tracfone
