
Ideal for taking notes - the S-Pen is a really cool feature. It's a little bit big till you get used to it, and might not fit all pockets, but it's a great piece of hardware.

sold my Iphone 5 and got this.way better, bigger screen, love android better.so many ways to make it your own with custom apps.I will never go back to Iphone...unless they come out with something crazy.

This phone has a big screen and it is awesome! I really enjoy reading and the size of the screen is what I was looking for. Before you buy it you have to know that this phone is really bigger than others but if you all ready try it out and the size won't be an issue THIS PHONE IT'S GREAT! I bought it 2 months ago and works excellent,  no complains.

i was looking this phone and the galaxy S3 however the lack of only 1gb ram on the S3 leaned me toward this baby im good with the size its actually a lot bigger than my bold 9790 but didnt have problems with it. its blazing fast comes unlocked to work with any carrier and its a beauty, what else do u want?

Very Very Very good Thank you very much a pleasure hope to deal with you again the best of the west.

Like all the reviews before this is hands down the best communication device available.Ear piece and speaker have plenty of volume. it is sooo nice not having to crank the volume all da way up like all the other phones I have tried. iPhone 5, Razr HD Maxx, Droid DNA, etc.This thing is so fast and smooth. The battery life is so superior I can't seem to b able run it down in a day even running the hotspot all day.If there was anything Samsung could do to make this phone better I have 3 suggestions -Give us an option to adjust screen a little brighter. The battery has plenty of spare juice to handle it.Slim up the bezel on the sides just a tad.Maybe make a special edition built with a little stiffer material yo

First I am a real customer not a salesman writing a 5 star review.  Product arrived in good condition but the box was open (samsung factory seals broken).  I assume this is because the seller had to unlock the phone before it was sent to me as they do not sell factory unlocked samsung devices.Phone condition was good no scratches it appeared to be new.  The phone worked fine with my AT&T; sim card.  3G speeds are not available only edge and H speeds.  This is an international phone and that is not mentioned by the salesman.  When I first turned on the phone it was in German.  I also ordered the 64gb san disk card and so far no issues with that I put it in the phone and pow I had 59 gb available plus the 9 gb that is available on the phone when you recieve it (16gb but really only 9 gb due to OS).  Fetures are awesome and the phone is great everything I expected.  The back cover is difficult to take off and put back on and very cheaply made but I dont plan on pulling it off again.  I got the Ionic case with it and it is an ok case.This would have been a 5 star review but the very cheap crappy samsung USB adaptor plug in (USB cable to a wall plug type adaptor) did not even last a day.  For $700 bucks you would think samsung could supply you with a normal wall plug type charger not a crappy adaptor for a USB cable.  Now I am having to charge my phone with the USB port on my note book and it takes forever due to the battery size in the phone.  Also I am not sure what everyone is talking about as the battery fully charged only lasted a day with heavy usage.  S Pen is really cool as well as voice command.  This morning when the alarm went off to get up I just said stop and it turned off the alarm.  My S Pen is a little sensitive but I am sure I will get used to it.  Bottom line dont get hung out to dry if you order this phone go to best buy or whatever and buy a real wall charger for the phone.Update:I can't use the samsung app because the phone says it has a samsung app account in saudi arabia.  Originally I thought the phone was from germany but now I understand because there is a direct flight from jeddah to frankfurt.  The germans are buying these a cut rate prices from some foreign source in saudi arabia and then mark up and sell.  Phone could be from a batch of defective phones.  Corruption is so bad in saudi arabia who knows.  As of right now only issue is the quick command stopped working for the s pen.

I got this phone through Amazon for the first time and was not sure if i'm going to be stuck with a lemon. It turn out this phone is new and it great.

I had my doubts about getting something this large as a phone (moving from a Galaxy Ace), but then began to play with the tablet features and realising the power that this device brought to your hand.  Pretty soon I was easily convinced by the snappy performance, great battery life (full days work easily), really great camera and 1080p video camera and all the apps that I easily lost sight of the fact that I was shopping for a phone.  Add some decent 4G/WiFi connectivity and you will become a stranger to your tablet, notebook and PC.  This thing has tons of potential and all you have to do is to develop yours to compliment it.  Totally sold on this device...and it still fits quite nicely in shirt and pants pockets.

I originally bought my Samsung Galaxy Note 2 from Newegx, but for some reason when I sent my opinion to get added to the other reviews, it never got posted which is probably because of what you are about to read. Since they wouldn't let me post my opinion over there, I decided to share it here. The transition switching from an iPhone (IOS) to the SGN2 (Android) was a little bumpy, but well worth the change. Despite all the great things already said, this phone does have one big caveat. You see, it slipped off a coffee table about 18" from the floor onto a tiled floor after having it for about 2 weeks and ended up cracking a small part of the front glass even though I had a Nillkin case on it. The phone was still in perfect working condition and the damage is purely cosmetic.Since I'm located in the US, I called Samsung USA about repairing the screen and had to give them my IMEI #, but they couldn't locate it on their database because this was an unlocked phone so they directed me to their International Division. After calling the 800 number, I was informed that I had to call one of the two of their nearest authorized repair centers that were located in Canada. Whaaat?! At this point I gave up. It was too much of a hassle calling one person to the next so I decided to leave the phone in its current cracked state. I assume I could have gotten it repaired, but chose not to deal with the currency exchange and paying to ship the phone out of the US at my expense.So long story short, if you ever need service or repair to this phone, Samsung USA will not support it. There are cell phone repair vendors in the mall and the like, but I would have preferred a local Samsung service center since it was still covered under warranty. I would have had to pay for the labor costs, but at least it would have been done to their specs.The only way you would get SGN2 service/repair support is if the phone was sold and subsidized in the US which is ridiculous because this International GN2 has the same hardware as the US one does.

When one opens the box, there is a sense of awe. People ask "Is this really a phone" was one reaction I got. It is an amazing piece of hardware. I have used Android devices starting from Cupcake version, used iPhone, HP Veer with webOS, Windows 7.5 HTC Titan 2. This phone is the sleekest and one of the best so far. It is fabulous!  I find the big size to be very good and not a problem at all. Will the Galaxy Note 3 be 6" ?!The manual pdf is definitely a must read, there are lot of tips in the manual that comes in handy. For example motion based sensors are extraordinary. Closing the phone with palm silences it. Sliding palm takes a screenshot. There are several such examples. Read the manual.Out of the box, connect to wireless and get the phone logged into Google account. The advantage of Android phones is that once you are logged into Google universe, everything gets synced up especially if you have been using Android.  The position of power button is at an excellent position for your hand on this Note 2. The additional LED for notification on top is very handy. Listen Apple? The camera serves some really futuristic ideas also. It can check if you are looking at the phone and disable screen lock (even if you set timeout to say 30 sec). Also it can serve as password unlock. Amazing! These can be set from Settings Menu.The Android version as of Oct 26 2012 is Jellybean 4.1.1. Kernel version is 3.0.31-259982. Model GT-N7100. I got the 64 GB microSD card. Get this mobileUltra, it is the latest as of Oct 2012. (SanDisk 64GB Mobile Ultra MicroSDXC Class 6 Memory Card with SD Adapter - Retail Packaging. Settings show an available space of 59.45 GB. So along with 16 GB built (system shows only around 10.46 GB), my Note 2 has 80 GB memory. With music in the  Google Music cloud, I intent to use the memory for video/pictures as a camcorder/camera.I strongly suggest going through Settings and customizing many things as per your desire. I did Voice Input, Keyboard (this comes with English(UK), change to English(US) for example. Fiddle around the settings and you will be amazed how much you can customize. I also did Battery % to appear in notification bar.One thing I found the default keyboard did not show Mic button. I realized it was next to Sym button. Long press it and choose Mic. And then on, it will appear in default keyboard. Also customize the accent. It can do magic for typing. I type paragraphs at a time effortlessly. This is Google backend servers at work. The Mic on Samsung Galaxy Note 2 does a fantastic job!S-Pen, Ah.. I was truly impressed. You have to use these to believe it. The note taking was very fluid. Samsung seem to have nailed it. I wrote up an equation in Equation mode - x^5 = x^2 + 2x + .... Something completely random, another one d/dx(an equation) and it recognized perfectly and asked it to search, it went to Wolfram Alpha and solved it. It is at first unbelievable and then it starts to sink in this is a computer program made well. Like it should be in first place! Export to pdf is very good. The main thing is the pen is very fluid and feels like a fountain pen writing.Overall, the phone feels very smooth and snappy. The screen is crisp and clear. Apps can even be multi screened. Samsung approved apps can be placed two in a screen. Eg. Maps on top and email on bottom portion. I doubt I will use this, but handy.One gripe I have with this phone is speaker is on the back. Typically if you lie the phone down, the speaker is blocked on bottom. I wish the speakers were in the side. This is a design decision and not sure why phones have speaker on back. But the speaker volume is very high, so I am not complaining too much.One big pain point with Android is once you purchased/downloaded for free Apps, they cannot be permanently deleted. So even if you get a junk app, and delete immediately they are permanently there in your Google Play store. From the phone's play store I got 300+ Apps. One cannot choose 50 apps and say get all these. You have to do one by one. After getting one, the screen resets to beginning. So I went to a computer browser and pushed apps to pone. This is easier and faster.UPDATE:  In Jelly bean, you have a circle with a / and pressing it prompts a pop up to delete. After delete it reverts to top of the list again. Why dont they go to same spot. I have hundreds, so it is a pain, nevertheless good feature. I will delete few every day!Some of apps I have as of now :Amazon MobileAndroid Status : Android Status app shows ARMv7, Max Freq 1.6 GHz, BogoMips 1592.52 Memory 1.79 GB, Free 365 MB, Internal Storage 10.46 GB Free 7.18 GB. Total Process running 271! Kernel 159/User 112 Interface has IPv6 as well as IPv4 addressAndroidifyAngry Birds (Space/Seasons)Asphalt 7Amazon App StoreBeyondPodBoxCar Maintenance Reminder ProChromeCNET TVGoogle Currents (nice way to read News)Draw SomethingGoogle DriveEbayFM Radio (needs headphone)LinkedinGoogle MusicOverDrive Media Console: Library eBooks & Audiobooks(public library consumption of media)Microsoft One Note (legacy docs, skydrive of 25 GB is good)Subsonic Music StreamerTerminal Emulator (still need to use vi, yes this is it)TweetCaster Pro for Android(excellent twitter client)Twit.TvGoogle VoicePlenty of WidgetsAsk questions, the review cannot do justice to Note 2, I find something new always. I will be glad to answer any questions.

This device makes all other phones appear milliscule and absolete, also I hardly ever used my laptop anymore as im away from home 14 hrs a day and this does everything you'll ever need.. so  get it as this is not just buying a phone it's an investment.

I really love this phone. It has a large, beautiful screen easy to use. Works great as a tablet and phone. Although large, it's easy for me to handle. And it fits in all my shirt pockets. Anyone concerned about the size would have another great choice in the Samsung S4 or S3. This phone does everything I need it to do and I would highly recommend it for anyone. It was factory sealed and bought thru Amazon from Jupiter. Works great on the internet whether at home thru the WiFi or on the road.

This was my first purchase of android. After purchasing Apple TV, iphone 3gs, and ipad 3 on the launch day, this screen size of 5.5" became too irresistible. This phone had the biggest size screen I can carry everywhere.My happiness lasted only one week. I accidentally dropped it from nearly 2 feet height, and glass screen got cracked from top level corner side. All good reviews about strength of CORNING GORILLA GLASS, and good drop tests became meaningless to me, as it couldn't survive my first drop, while iphone 3gs survived multiple such drops or worse (from up to 4 feet) without any issue. I may be unlucky that the impact point was corner, but others need to be beware of this fact that 2 feet drop is sufficient to crack the glass if the ground hits the corner of phone.  Biggest reason of my low ranking is its repair cost. Samsung support service were sympathetic, but did not budge on waiver or reduction of cost (~$191), even if only glass has cracked, while touch screen, display etc were working fine. Glass can be purchased separately for only around $30, but changing glass will make my warranty void. Samsung replaces glass with full lcd Screen + Touch Digitizer Assembly and that increases the cost, and you can forget about some positive surprises like iphone support, where sometimes they replace phone with screen cracks free of cost.Other negatives/issues I found, which you should consider before buying- Camera quality is not so good , especially the foucs/image stabilization. My 8 mp, 5 year old normal point and shoot canon camera(sd 870) can shoot much better and crisp photo than this both in low indoor light or full outside daylight. So for any trip, I will need to carry both camera, and phone. This phone can't replace that point and shoot camera.- I definitely miss the easy to use apple's airplay feature.  May be I will need to purchase google tv, but thats additional cost, and not sure how good that will work.- There is no way to disable 4g LTE /3gs feature. Iphone 3gs had that nice feature to disable 3g, which is very useful, in a road trip, where I just need to search for some store hours/address or location, and I don't want fast 3gs/4g lte to accidentally do some background tasks and go over my data limit of 200 MB within 4-5 minutes.- Touch screen seems not as responsive as iphone. Sometimes I need to press  refresh/done etc button of browser 4-5 times before that touch is registered.Positives of phone are already covered in many other reviews, so I won't repeat them to keep this review focused on the drawbacks of phone/support service, so that readers can take an informed decision about purchasing this phone.

Simply Excellent! Great performance, Great battery, Big display and the S Pen is very useful. The phone came with an European charger, besides that the full shopping-using he product experience was flawless.

The phone that was described on e site was nothing at all like I was expecting. The delivery and packaging were he only good things about this phone. I had purchased this phone full retail price minus gift card and shipping hoping that I could use the factory unlocked phone on my cellular network. Wanted the option of not having to extend my contract and hopefully use the phone somewhere else if needed. I didn't know the phone could only be used internationally, at least that's what I was told when I took it up to Verizon hoping they could activate the phone for me. But there was no ESN number in the phone and SIM card would not register the phone. Do not buy unless you fully research this phone which was a mistake on my part. I will say I have purchased the note through Verizon and its one of the best phones out there, way better than the iPhone 5.

This phone has s voice it update face book tell me the weather,wake me up for work,calling with nice pics and beautiful screen I'm using t mobile but this phone is so hot worth every penny!!!!

EDIT January 6, 2013: I stand corrected about the mediocre speakerphone after figuring out the fix: this phone has an extra volume feature that will make it louder either in speakerphone, headset, and standard mode. To enable this you have to go to call settings in the phone app and select the "Use extra vol. for calls" check box. After this is enabled you will have an "extra volume" button in the right middle of the screen (round, no title with loudspeaker on it) displayed once the call is established.END EDITOLD REVIEW:If you also often use the speakerphone feature, you'll appreciate my two cents: iPhones aside, every other mobile phone I used in the past, including two $20 no-contract LG cheapos, leaves the Galaxy Note II in the dust with speakerphone loudness. Prior to this phone my wife and I had Samsung Galaxy Proclaim, HTC EVO 4G, LG Optimus S, two different iPhones and some low end phones.I can't comfortably talk on the speakerphone when driving on the highway because of the road and wind noise. This wasn't the case with other phones mentioned above. The only exception were the iPhone models which were even worse than the Samsung Galaxy Note II.If this is important to you, look elsewhere, otherwise it's a great phone.EDIT: Disregard the old part and see my update at the beginning of the review.

Let's get to the nitty gritty:Pros:1- It's BIG. Big for gaming, big for videos, big for web browsing. Simply put, if you want a phone with the most real estate on the screen size, then there is no alternative. Don't be so mesmerized on the 1080p screens that will come out soon. Unless you want to destroy your eyes and use the phone from an inch away, you will not notice the difference in everyday use.2- It's fast. Yes, the Qualcomm S4 Pro quad-core beats this Tegra 3/Exynos 4 CPU in most benchmarks, but again, unless you are a hard-core geek that is OCD on numbers, you will not notice any difference in everyday use. There is no discernible lag anywhere (it's probably just your slow Internet connection).3- It's beautiful. Not HTC or Sony beautiful, but this is one sleek and stylish phone. The white is classic, but this Titanium Gray is awesome. Just check out the back cover and you will see what I mean (yes, even with that cheap-feeling plastic material).4- Did I mention the screen? It's BIG, it's bright, and it's beee-ay-eeww-ti-ful! AMOLED screens have awesome color saturation and contrast (most times even overkill, actually). Some people say it's not good in daylight. Um, have you tried cranking up the brightness??5- The Samsung/Android touch. Not everyone may like Samsung's Touchwiz user interface compiled onto Android, but I dare you to find a phone with more features than this one (and similarly the Galaxy S3). Here are the main highlights:a. Samsung utilizes the front facing camera almost to perfection. You can use it to control your music player; it has facial recognition to sense you are directly in front of the screen so it won't dim and turn off the screen (for reading, web browing, video playback, etc.); it recognizes your facial orientation so that when you are lying down sideways looking at the screen, the accelerometer will not kick in to auto-rotate the screen in the wrong orientation. That is something that has always bothered me with other phones and FINALLY someone has added that feature! Granted, not all these features work flawlessly, but it's a great start.b. Integration with Google is finally starting to show off in good ways. It was always once that Apple had the superior ecosystem. But now we see the future is bright indeed. Not just evolution, but finally innovation!c. The S Pen and all the neat things you can do with it. Preview a point in the movie before skipping to that point, and other things like going old-school back to the PDA days!6- It accepts up to a 64GB microSD card. That turned out to be the dealbreaker for me. Explanation in "cons" section below.Cons:1- It's BIG. With my tiny hands(hey hey), I can hardly do anything one-handed with this phone. Pocketability rating: -2. Putting it up on your face to make a phone call is also a big fail if you're sensitive to public ridicule like me. Have your Bluetooth earpiece ready.2- It's quite heavy. I really wanted to switch to the Verizon Droid DNA - for a 5-inch screen, it was remarkably svelte and light. And if it wasn't for the fact of pi$$-poor Verizon customer service at their call centers, and that it only had 16GB of memory with no microSD card option, I would have made the switch. The Droid DNA is superior in every way except those things mentioned. I have absolutely no doubt that the Samsung Note 3 (and maybe even the Galaxy S4) will be a 1080p screen with the Exynos 5 quadcore - can't wait!3- The screen may be bright and colorful, but it's way over-saturated and unnatural. Fortunately, you can go to the screen options and set it to "Natural." "Dynamic" is overkill, and even so is "Standard."Conclusion:Even with its inherent flaws, I can't help but love it. It's not even a phone, it's a cellular tablet(cablet, anyone??). I'm going to keep it. Until the next big thing is already here....

Everything is pretty good on this phone, specially the size of the screen. The resolution is not quite on Apple territory but not bad by any means. Android version is not the latest but still very good.

Realmente es un tremendo telefono lo recomiendo a las persinas que le gusta lo bueno y lo maximo en tecnologia

I had the phone for less than 1 month, search high and low for a good case without luck. Still on the market for one when it made it's first fall of about 1 and a half Ft.  Glass shattered on impact.Hold your hand up from the ground at about 1 and a half ft.. Yes, it shattered.  Pretty ridiculous, we are talking a handheld object that can't survive a fall.  $850 phone now a $1000 phone.  I hate Samsung now, they'll never see another dollar from me.  It will cost me $100 for insurance and $90 deductible to send it in.  F* you Samsung.

Love it.  After a day or two you won't even feel it in your pocket anymore so don't worry about the size. I rather carry a large phone than a small phone and a tablet or a netbook. I have an ipad 2 which I would use constantly throughout the day. I havent used it since I got the phone. I think there will be a big market for phablets very soon. With devices like the Galaxy Note II how could there not be.

There some troubles, however now all of them has been solved.I like this new phone.The service is good, and there is some broken in battery,and they send me a new one.

Well, my phone carrier would not recognize this phone and would not turn it on for me. They said the phone codes did not come up and would not work.  I spent several days trying and gave up.  I have actually returned the phone.

I bought a fake one before this one. I was angry and disappointed before this one was delivered. This one is what I want! I really love it and recommend to buy.

Pros:Samsung's add-ons does more to add to Android then take awayS-PenScreen size was actually an attraction & not something I had to "tolerate"Camera is solidSD expansionZippy hardware giving responsive & zippy experienceCons:Added functionality by Touchwiz also means fugly UI aestheticsA bit heavy on the T-Mobile & Samsung junk that I WON'T useBlastedly useless S-Voice being a default voice search over Google NowAll plastic back somewhat of a bummer since my previous phone was a metal backed HTCTons of apps where S-Pen would be useful with isn't exactly optimized for it.Rooting needed to enable NFC payment functionality (Google Wallet) shot by T-Mobile's varient.:Review:Without going too far on the deep end, this is hands down THE greatest tech device I've fell for. The 720p resolution on this 5.3 inch screen is a welcome joy even as 2013 rolls in with 1080p resolution devices (trust me, checked out the new HTC and that screen while lovely didn't give me buyers remorse) and still stands competent enough to give lovely visuals when doing anything from gaming to Netflix viewing. The camera is solid along nice extras such as Dropbox (48 free gigs after going through their activation process) to make storage an afterthought.Speaking of which, SD storage is a go. This is quite noteworthy since the Nexus 4 was a tempting thought as well as HTC's latest 1080p phone on Verizon but both a no go due to lack of SD expansion. Thus despite this being something that's been around since the G1 some manufactures on some models choose to start omitting it on high end phones. Thus my existing 32GB from old phone card felt right at home as it slid right into this powerhouse with the peace of mind that I can later on upgrade to 64GB.  Meanwhile the built in 16GB seems sufficient enough to handle some heavy app data + some of the HD vids I captured nicely enough.Touchwiz offers good & bad. The good is the S-Pen functionality which is a dream to use along with S-Note for scribbling quick notes (IMO writing notes on phone while talking is more hands free encouraging then size itself lol). A couple apps I use that enables S-Pen writing on PDF's is also great with S-Pen but outside of Samsung's own apps nothing I found uses the pressure sensing functionality of it to adjust the thickness by pressing down on it, perhaps that'll change but for now a small quirk on my otherwise beautifully flawless S-Pen experience.As for the rest of Touchwiz? Eh, the launcher compared to 3rd party launchers is kinda on the yuck side. And S-Voice is utter useless trash that needs to be kicked & curb stomped off this phone. While Google Now can be used by holding menu button, it's not as accessible as just double tapping the home button which defaults into S-Voice unless you're willing to do some work around fiddling on that.Other not so pleasant defaults about this phone is T-Mobile's ugly crap that hogs up Notification Bar (thankfully easily removed), and Google Wallet being a NO GO. That's right, despite the hardware being perfectly fine, NFC + Google Wallet isn't happening without rooting. This is a major reason why I'll eventually root (and might update to let you know how that goes) but for now a bummer that this is a carrier restricted cawk block that one has to hack around. T-Mobile's variant also have the multi-window functionality since X-Mas updates so while it doesn't work with all apps as of yet, being able to Youtube while reading Gmail or text or Tweet is certainly a nice thing to be enjoyed.Overall even with the cons, they pale in comparison to the overpowering beastly positives of this phone which has been a joy (especially with battery carrying me all through the day after heavy screen usage). This is pound for pound one of the best phones to own that holds up nicely even as the stampede of next generation phones start to trounce out.

This thing is a monster in terms of specs..SAMSUNG you nailed it again. My wife has an Iphone5 and yet she envy on this machine when i am with it for hours yet not draining the batteries..This thing is truly invented for humans...

I have had this phone for a week now...and so far its got to be the best phone I have ever owned. Its big and beautiful..the brushed Titanium is just incredible looking..its very sexy..it is by far the quickest phone I have ever owned( last phones were iphone 4, htc evo the galaxy s) . Its very slim, fits into my pocket surprising well. If you are a girl wearing tight jeans this phone is not gonna fit u well. Though I don't know how much I will use the pen, it works surprising well. Jelly bean has some nice new additions that make moving around very easy. Battery life so far is off the charts good not only for a phone this size but any size phone. Today its 5pm, I have been using the phone pretty regularly all day and have 86% left!! My Galaxy would have been dead by now..only pitfall about getting a unlocked European Note II is that you will not be able to use the 4g lte network. Hspa+ is working very fast though..cant really tell a difference..one bonus of not having a "AT&T version" is hotspots can be enabled without paying an extra fee..Also I understand software updates come immanently when they are available..Also there is not a ton of crap programs that come on it from the carrier to bog it down.

The phone is all I have always wanted in a phone I particularly like the size which allows me to use the phone without wearing a pair of glasses. It has all that I want and even more. Im taking my time in exploring it so that I can maximize its use.I will recommend it to anyone that wants a phone -tablet because that is what it is.

A great little phablet. I was mainly interested in the GPS  eMail and eReader functions. I've never owned a smartphone or tablet before so it took virtually all day to become comfortable with it. After downloading a few apps like Aldiko, Google Maps,,  Google Translate, DropBox  and syncing the note 2 to my laptop.this little device has exceeded all my expectations. It will significantly lighten my backpack in future travels. Good bye books phone camera gps  maps and multiple chargers'.

I had a long road with this phone. When I initially got it, I could not get it to connect to my network, went to T-mobile and they tried to get it to connect and failed as well. I spent some time trying to fix it but didn't get to it within the 30 day period until my previous phone was stolen at the gym. I had to get the phone working at this point. I went to a phone technician and he told me that the phone was stolen because the IMEI was blacklisted. I replied this was impossible since I bought it shrink wrapped through Amazon. I went to a 2nd & 3rd phone technician who told me the same thing. At this point, I was livid and thought I had been scammed so I initiated a return request even though it was outside the 30 day window. Amazon and the seller immediately jumped on the issue.While the seller initially protested that it was impossible the phone was stolen, I was skeptical at this point. The seller was very attentive to my concerns. The 3rd technician got it all sorted out. While I don't know understand exactly what was wrong, I think that it may have just been that one in a million phone that had a problem with the IMEI or firmware. I told myself that I would never buy anything online again when I initially contacted Amazon but the way that Amazon and PVCS handled the issue secured my business if I do need to buy something online again. While I cannot give the transaction 5 stars because I had issues with it and had to spend an extra $120 to get it sorted on my own, I am content with the end result. Thank you to Amazon and PVCS.

This phone was alright but it is actually just too big I sent it back to get the Samsung S4 & am I ever glad I did.  I would never give that phone up!

Siri is the "assistant" on iPhone.  Siri is better than the assistants (S Voice and Google) on Samsung Galaxy Note 2 because Siri is more integrated into the phone and understands commands better.  Also, here was a surprise:  Note 2 is terrible on searching for names within contacts -- you almost need to be exact for the name to pop up.  Still, because of the S Pen and being able to point on items instead of hoping my fingers land just right, and because of the screen size for watching videos, I would get the Note 2 again over the iPhone.  However, I am going to upgrade to the Note 3 if some of the downsides have been fixed.

I like the phone. To me this phone is perfect, but it doesn't have the wifi calling feature! the only galaxy that I know has a wifi calling feature the one from US.

This phone itself is amazing and beautiful but because of some baseband restrictions  on the international version you can only get Edge(1g-2g) speeds on Tmobile's network which renders the phone pretty much useless. Steer clear if you plan on using this on T-mobile's gsm network. Also, on ATT you can only get 3g speeds. Forewarned. I wish I had known before I ordered one. Thankfully amazon's return policy rocks.

Avoid this product as well as FGS Trading (the Amazon seller that supplied my phone).  The phone worked beautifully for 6 months.  After an over the air update, the phone now freezes at the Samsung logo.  I am told that this is the sudden death bug that affects the hardware on the Note 2 and some S3's.  I have been trying to get the phone serviced for the last 3 weeks which should be trivial since it has a 24 month warranty. Guess again. FGS Trading says that after 60 days they will not support it.  Samsung USA cannot service it since it is international. Samsung UK service center cannot accept a shipment from outside the UK.  No one has a record of the IMEI number or the country of origin for this "factory unlocked phone". Still no headway with Amazon's A-Z guarantee. You have been warned.** UPDATE **It is now 7 weeks since my phone died after the over the air update. Amazon A-Z keeps denying my claim because they want letterhead saying the phone is under warranty. Samsung USA won't touch the device since it was manufactured in France. Found a Samsung help Center in UK and they verified the date of manufacturer indicating the phone is still eligible for 24 month warranty but that they cannot provided letterhead. Forwarded the email to Amazon A-Z service. They are still denying my claim on the basis that it is not on letterhead. Call in help desk at Amazon is polite and tries to be helpful. But there is no way to send emails, call or in anyway directly contact the Amazon A-Z claims people even to give them the information they request. The Amazon A-Z guarantee so far is headache, smoke and mirrors. Hopefully you will never have to depend on them especially to back a $700 defective product.

When I got this phone I had been an avid apple user. Owning an Iphone 4, Ipad 4 and 2 Macs I was pretty set on picking up the IPhone 5. Then it was released and I realized how Apple had done almost nothing different to it. So, I started looking at my alternatives. I have a close friend that owned several Samsung Phones and loved them. I knew I could trust the company because I have Samsung Televisions. Anyways, the phone is great and definitely draws some attention. The first thing you'll notice about this phone is how big the screen is. It really truly is a big screen and I was little scared at first. However, you get used to it and I have learned to love it. My wife's iPhone is hard to type on now. The powerful Quad-Core Tegra 3 processor is excellent for anything you throw at it. For example, I have several emulators which includes a hefty PS emulator. The pen, screen, battery life, and astetics are all fantastic. Any android or apple lover will love this phone.

This is the super phone of all phones currently on the market.  The best and fastest phone I have used.  With no contract and total freedom I have lots of options for carriers. The best phone used to date.

I already knew what the Note II was, and that I would like it, and it went above and beyond my expectations. Hands down the best phone you can get.I am running this phone on Straight Talk with their SIM for ATT phones, and it works great, and only costs me $48 a month after taxes on their $45 plan.So if you can afford to get a phone outright, it's the best way to go.

I only rated this product 5 stars because that's all that is allowed....awesome device...great screen...fast processing....ultra handy s-pen....just a fantastic all round device

Note 2 is very very breakable! To repair only the glass you have to spend 200 euro, because glass and LCD are note separaple. Sorry but i think that this product is a scam. Beautiful but too breakable to buy and too expensive to repair.

First, let me say I was nervous purchasing a mobile phone online without the hand-holding that a brick and mortar store provides. However, I was so over the killer bills from my carrier every month, I was willing to buy unlocked and go to another carrier who would maximize my use and minimize my cost.In purchasing, I was pleased by Worldwide Distributors, which is backed by Amazon.  I felt the risk was worth it. The phone arrived on time, in perfect condition, and was clearly new and unused. Relief! Now, to the product...I live in a family of iPhone users- I'm a Mac computer lover, but have veered off the Mac path for mobile phones. Have had several Blackberry's, a Droid Global 2, and most recently a BB 9930 which I loved for its keyboard, security and ease of use, but the screen is quite small.Enter Samsung Note 2, simply the best phone I've ever had. I was worried that I would struggle to learn it, as I'm no tech geek... but I was amazed at how simple it was to learn. (I was so worried, that I kept my other phone and number, figuring it would take a good month to get the hang of the Note 2.  Because of the urgency of my being accessible by phone for emails and calls, I did not want to take any chances.) BUT- guess what? I ported my number over the.very.next.day- I had learned the phone in a few hours!Ease of use, A.Although it may seem large for some, it is truly a marriage of a phone and a tablet!  I now can see traveling without my heavy Mac laptop- this puppy can do it all.  With available keyboard and multifunction dock, this is truly a break-through device. I never listened to much music on my previous phones, or watched video- why bother?  The screens on prior devices were teensy and the sound quality not-so-great.  I am AMAZED at the sound quality of this phone, just from the stock headphones that come with it! The screen is a perfect size for viewing anything- no more having to zoom in. The ability to hand-write notes, cut and paste, draw, etc. is incredible.  I have not gotten into all that the S pen can do, but there are so many possibilities...The quality of the screen is A+, very clear, and although someone had suggested in a review somewhere to use movie mode for good color saturation, I kept the standard mode.  The screen is perfect for viewing TV and movies.  It is absolutely (to me, anyway,) the best of all worlds. There are so many wonderful personal adjustments that can be made, it feels like a phone that is more EASILY customizable than any mobile I've owned.Have found no drawbacks yet- have only had it up and running for three days, so will be back should I have any problems with it.Honestly, I love this phone- and yes, I'd marry it!  :)

These unlocked international phones are no good I wish I would have read all the reviews before I bought the Galaxy Note 2 GT N7100 I used it for a hr it moves slow every app you open all of a sudden just crashes I emailed the seller concerning a refund she replies back that they will keep 20% of what I paid for the phone which I think is unfair I received a bogus device,,, DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE!!!

You get what you pay for. I wanted an unlocked smart phone and this one works great. No problems since the purchase date. We did not want the hassels of dealing with a contract and we went with Walamrts Family Talk Plan. 2 lines $85 a month, unlimited talk, unlimited text, unlimited data (not 3G speeds, I am not that much a a data user). We have wi-fi set up in our condo and it works great when we do access the internet. This phone is worth every penny.

I am a tech junkie and let me tell you, this phone blows me away! Prior, I had never purchased an Android device (used all Apple), but now, I do not think I will purchase anything else. This phone is so intuitive and customizable it is unbelievable! It's absolutely stunning too! I am obsessed! ;)

Did a lot of research before I ordered this product from AMAZON, it arrived on time, modified my SIM card to make it a microSIM installed it together with my MicroSD card. No problem :)Now I am using my Galaxy Note 2 and very happy that I made this purchase.Another great buy from AMAZON.

I love it and everyone else around me when im using it loves it also...Elated that i made the S/G Note II choice

I'm very happy with this purchase I have made and the quality of the product. I'm sure it will be long lasting. The only thing I did not like is that as new but came exhibited slightly used.

I have been holding out for a smartphone for years because they just were not worth a data package imho. I then researched this phone and it was the perfect cross between a smartphone and a tablet. The only drawback I can see so far is the ergonomics of the camera functions. If you try to hold it like a regular camera you will find that your fingers end up on buttons on the sides of the phone. So you end up having to hold it rather awkwardly. Even worse if you have one of these covers for it. Other than that it is a real powerhouse..

My title comes from the fact that the phone I owned before this one is the Galaxy S III. I had the Galaxy Note 10.1 (the tablet) at the same time and I really liked the S Note app Samsung shipped it with, and the S Pen was a nice addition as well. I realized that the Note II had the same two things, plus it had a bigger screen so that's a plus as well.I don't have the time to leave a long interview, but I'll say this: I would use my S III for about 1 hour per day, maximum. I use my Note II at least 3 hours per day. This phone is absolutely fantastic. It's like Samsung took everything there was wrong with the S III (not that there were many things, the S III is also truly a fantastic device), fixed it, and named it Note II. The software that it comes with is astounding, the S Note application is absolutely amazing and powerful. The features that Sammy packed are just too many to count, really.Keep it short: no words can describe this device. If you're in dilemma and you're wondering if you should get it, get it. I had the same dilemma and I don't regret my decision for a split second.

The phone I received will only work on ATT Networks... I could not get my Verizon SIM card to work and neither could Verizon Tech Support.  The phone was set to recognize ATT networks only.  I had to return it.

At first I was hesitant about spending so much money on a phone, but when you think about how much you are paying monthly for your data plan you might as well have a long lasting battery/huge screen/fast processor phone so you can make use good use of your data plan that you pay so much for each month.  Also realize that you are spending 1 dollar a day for 2 years then the phone pays for itself.  With those two ideas, it makes me love this phone.I personally paired this french version with the Straight Talk unlimited micro att sim.  I was capped to very slow speeds (2G) for using 4 gigs of bandwidth in watching youtube one afternoon.  It should reset to H+ speeds next month I have read.One weird thing about this model is that it comes with a wall wart that uses the european style prongs but the box also included an adapter for wall plugins that use the north american style plugs.  Which kind of sucks because it protrudes from the wall pretty far and could be more compact for storage.  Not a big deal because you can use any high powered usb plug from another tablet like device that uses micro usb.I've not had any hardware problems with mine in the 1 month I have had it.

Mine crapped out at 14 months and nobody in USA can fix it.  Moreover, there is NO VALID US WARRANTY on this device.  I'v learned that the UK has a 2 year warranty, but they will not accept it for repair unless it is mailed from a UK address.Don't bother with this one and check any other unlocked deals from Amazon for warranty.

I bought this phone a month ago and loved the screen size(even though my hands are tiny). The Super AMOLED HD screen brings the movies to life. Its like watching on those Jumbotrons in Times Square. More like a portable Jumbotron. The colors just instantly pop off the screen with some adjustments. Just turn the 'outdoor viewing' setting ON in the video settings and the colors get supersaturated. Also works with pictures. And battery life is outstanding, only problem is it puts a little weight on it(but all batteries do). The speaker is loud and vibrant which is awesome but its located at the bottom, which sounds a bit uneven when watching a movie. But overall this phone is a beast. I recommend watching a movie with lot of color like speed racer to test out the screen.A LMFAO music video will also help. Can't wait for Galaxy Note 3 with Full HD 1080p resolution!

I actually bought it on amazon europe but I felt like reviewing it on amazon.com too, since more people read the reviews here.So here we go:After being a happy owner of a Galaxy S phone, which was an ok phone for it's time, now I am thrilled with this one.All the problems I had with the Galaxy S are gone.It's fast, it does not lag, it has 2GB of RAM (which is tons of RAM for a phone) and it does the job efficiently without a hitch!No crashes like the Galaxy S, no dropped calls, no force closing apps due to RAM shortage. It works perfectly!The screen size is great and performance of the display is outstanding!I can spend hours on it reading articles, without getting tired. I can use it in the sun to take photographs and the display is still nice and bright.The stylus is really cool too, but rarely use it.And the best one, is the battery life.It lasts me 2-3 days with no recharge with moderate use (provided the powersaving toggle is on)... and of course it's a blazingly fast phone due to it's quad core CPU.It's a treat of a phone!

Main issue: Its screen actualy have less area than note 1Thats because the screen is less wide than note 1The 5.3 to 5.5 inch increase is only in lenghtSo the proportion of the screen changed. Thats allNow there can fit only 4 colums of icons side by side for example ( note 1 got 5 colums)Of course it heats a lot less and battery last about 50% moreBut that's the least you expect from a newer phoneIt also accepts 64 Gb cards. I did ity myself and workedOther issue: It uses a micro sim. So you will have to change your sim, or try to crop it with some knife (yes, the diference is only plastic arround the larger sim, so you can cut off)But it is anoying to doAt least the connector for charge and USB is teh sameBut since its, smaller, wont fit in your cradle chargerBattery is diferent too ( bigger)So if you have a note 1, keep it, dont trade for this one

good product was brand new and still going strong

I was excited when i purchased this phone until it started to malfunction. The audio fades at times and the display turns off and can't get it to light up again for a couple of minutes.

My daughter loves this phone, the only disappointment she had was it did come with the S pen. Overall she was happy.

Bought this thinking I could use it on Verizon with my plan... stupid me didn't do enough homework.  Excellent phone, but research your carrier before buying a phone.  It's not &#34;One size fits all&#34;

awesome seller . awesome phablet,this is international phone not compatible with tmobile. but rememeber if you live in us the signal will be on roaming all time, and data speed will stays on e (edge)very slow never G3 or G4. on roaming you will miss a lot of incoming calls.  Amazon ARE the best in customer service .

I purchased this phone from them and when I received the package the plastic sealing was missing which I didn't care.I opened the boxing and started the phone. It worked and seemed to be fine. After exactly 32 days the phone just went silent and when I restarted it again there was no more sound coming out of it!!! I contacted the seller and explained everything and they did not accept any responsibility for exchange of warranty on a 700 USD purchase! I could not use the warranty from samsung either since the phone was not a USA version. So do not purchase anything from them, since they do not car about the customers. As soon as they get their money, you will be on your own!!! Poor quality and no service!

First I will say, I have been watching for this "Phablet" to hit my carrier for a long time.  My favorite rep said, "are you really going to hold a 5 inch phone up to your head?" And my response was, "I never talk on the phone, I always use a bluetooth".  I'm very high tech and will not let technology pass me by.  I have to have the "latest and the greatest".Now... about this "Phablet"  (thats Phone + Tablet)**This thing is HUGE!! It will fit in a pocket or purse, but it is a big one.  Definately not a one handed phone.**Everything that they say about it on TV and the internet is true!**Big screen, very bright and I don't even need my readers to read internet pages.**Can you say FASSSSTTTTT!  Quad core processor is amazing. This is the first quad core processor in a phone.**Battery:  OMG, it has a huge battery (3100 mAh) and clams a 15 hour charge without non-stop use.  I am a heavy user and have not killed it in the course of a 10 hour work day, although it was down to about 30-40%.**It can run about any video format.**Flash can be loaded but have to do a "work around" to do it since Adobe isn't supporting it anymore.  An internet or YouTube search can fix that.  I did it, and it works  just perfect.**Speakers are much louder than other smart phones.**Easily personalized**I have used it for video chat and you wouldn't believe the quality and speed.**With a proper OTG (On The Go) cable attached, you can use a USB keyboard, mouse, flash drive or portable hard drive.**Comes stock with Jelly Bean (which if you haven't used it, it is SMOOTH!)**Update for split screen multi-tasking capability is being rolled out slowly but it is coming.**Has the new updated S-Pen.  This is a major breakthrough for those of us who are "business on the go".  I am personally, still learning what all can be done with it but there is MUCH.CONS:  because it is so new, a limited array of accessories and apps specifically for it but that will change.WARNING:1. Use the stock Samsung battery charger.  I had a generic one in my office and it didn't seem to have enough output and it was charging very very slow.  I put the stock charger on it and it charged super fast.2. Beware of aftermarket cases, pretty back covers, etc.  Make sure they contain the NFC antennas, many do not and therefore your NFC communication will not work.Side note:  I had only had my Galaxy 3 for about 3 months (absolutely loved it) and went into the store to see this and HAD to have it.  Its everything my GS3 was plus!  I had to reach deep to get it but it was worth every penny.  I had the very first smart phone that ran Windows Mobile, and I thought I was all that and then some.  I have had about 9 I think.  Once you use a smart phone you'll never be able to go back to a non-smart one.  NOW, having this BIG screen.... hummmmm, guess I'll just be stuck with this one until they come out with the Note 3.  Can't imagine not having this big screen after only less than a week.

Like many I was afraid of their size, but now I love this phone, it has everything I need and the quality is very good. They delivered on time and I am happy

I got this product as my Christmas gift for my husband. He loves gadgets and i know he wanted to have this phone. When he received it he couldn't stop playing with it. the screen is so big, a lot of features, very responsive and we both love the voice commands. the only minor downside is the manual that comes with the product it is in Polish i think but other than that everything is cool! I'll update this review after a month or so.

I decided to trade out the Samsung Galaxy S3 that I got last week for the Samsung Galaxy Note 2. The S3 was free after rebate - the Note 2 cost me $100. Screen size is amazing - 5.5" screen vs. 4.8" for the S3, or 4" for the iPhone 5. It is definitely a 2-handed phone, which I am still not used to. It is very difficult to unlock my screen with one hand. Just holding it in my hand using it as a phone is quite uncomfortable.  The firm wide grip actually causes an ache in your hand.  I think this pretty much pushes the limit of how big a phone can be and still usable as a phone. It goes in my front pocket just fine.  It's a bit wide but I think I can get used to it.  Performance seems to be about the same. Download speed maxes out around 28 Mbps on T-Mobile 4G (HSPA+). The camera is real cool. You can hold down the "shutter" button and it will burst as many frames as you want. It has 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB internal flash memory storage - lots of space for pictures and video. I don't know if I'm going to get a lot of use out of the stylus, but it does have some cool apps. Battery life is amazing. I was constantly messing with the phone all day, and only used up half the battery.  If I can get used to the size of this phone, this is the best phone out there.  If not, you might be better off with the Galaxy S3.

The phone seems to be amazing and it does do a lot of what is said in the good reviews.  That is one part of the story. This phone was made for the hungarian market. So they sent me a European plug that after taking to Amazon they made well on it. .  After +30 days I was shocked to see that the phone was not charging and the screen was getting blurry and eventually black.  When I called Amazon I was told that I would have to send it back for refund (What they did not say was that $114 were going to be deducted for Restocking fee reduction). Need I need to say more? Sold by Tech Giant

This phone have everything, really, I use this baby all the time, I write quick notes, take beautiful pictures, HD Video, listen music, AWESOME battery life, BIG FAT screen, fast processor, I can sure u, its hard to regret spend money on this sweet bad boy!

First off, let me just say that this phone is incredible. The screen is huge and vibrant, the S-pen is amazingly functional, and it's the perfect size. Just small enough to fit in the pocket, and just big enough to provide the added benefit of a larger screen. There are other reviews describing how awesome this phone is, so I'll let them do most of the talking.I specifically wanted to write this review just to let everybody know that this phone is GSM-based, which means they use a SIM card and ARE NOT COMPATIBLE WITH VERIZON OR SPRINT. Verizon and Sprint use CDMA-based phones, while AT&T; and T-Mobile use the older style of GSM. So if you're planning on buying this phone and connecting it to Verizon or Sprint, it will not work. Don't purchase it!I purchased one in ignorance of this fact and had to return it. Luckily, Amazon customer service was superb as usual and I had no issues returning it and getting a refund.I hope this helps!

Update: 01/02  After contacting Samsung on their Facebook page, they did some magic and the side bar is now back?  I am happy!  You pay big $$$ for a cellphone, you should have a sidebar.  Thanks Samsung.[...]Update:  12/29  I now do not have multitasking and a side baron the left side to pull out.  Hmm, wonder when they snuck that in.  Works great now.  A big five star!!!Update: 12/27  My wifi keep going away and I have to log into it.  Not sure what is going on.  Oh, I brought a case for it and tore out the plastic case and put velcro on the inside of it and the hooks velcro on the back of my cellphone.  The plastic case will protect it, in case of falls and the velcro hooks make it easier to hold onto.  The when I go somewhere, I just velcro it together, inside the case and carry it that way.  An expensive cellphone like the Note II, deserves protection or ouch, buy another one.Update: 12-20  Because Samsung screwed me out of multitasking!  No sidebar for United States, a vital features, that other Countries are using.  It was built for multitasking and Samsung is denying it to Americans.  Until they upgrade my Note II so it can multitask, I will only give it a * one star.  I suggest other people do this, too.  Maybe if their bottom line $$$$ shrinks, they will give it to the world and not just a few!  Shame on Samsung.  Is this blackmail?  No,it's the only tool I have, to get them to play fair with ALL buyers of Note II.Update 12/14;  This is stupid.  In 'Nearby devices" 'allow device list', you can select the device, BUT YOU CAN'T SAVE THE LIST!!?  You can either 'CANCEL' or "DELETE', items in the list.  You can select, but no way of saving them.  Da!  Why have a 'Device' list if you can't save it?  Samsung??The best thing I love about it, it talks to my Samsung LED tv!  With AllShare, I can look at pictures I took with Note II andI can load YouTube on the Note II and it comes up on my tv. The two talk to each other.  Also, Facebook is missing if you want to take a picture and send it to your Facebook account.Samsung?!!!  I email mine and then transfer it over to my Facebook account.I've had mine for a couple of days.  GOt it from aTT@$299+2yr contract&lt;$100 per monthThe camera is better than many DSLR's or point and shoot camera.  Close ups, distance, low light, this does them all.  And with Android play store, you have countless photo apps to adjust your picture + share.  I use Allshare to view the pic's on my Samsung tv, works fine.Easy to send to Facebook or email.THis is a well thought out cellphone.  The only thing I don't like about it, is the location of the on/off button.  I keep hitting it with my finger.If you are going to get it, just as well go the ATT route and save a few hundred bucks. $299!  Ask them to give you free activation and they will do it.Great customer service, they will help with anything.  Ask about their 300 minute plan, if you force them to tell you and free data!Oh, the cellphone.  It has a cellphone, too!  More on that later....Merry X-mas!Don't try to cancel, if with ATT.  They keep leading you around in circles, from one person to the next, to wear you down and give up.  You think you have got the right one, no, you only got a fluffier, one who fluffs you up, to tryto change your mind.  The only way is to send the phone back; within fourteen days, for a cancellation.But, this cellphone is so perfect, so great, so everything, you won't want to give it up.  It is that great.  If not, bill me.

I love this phone. I can use it for all types of tasks especially for work and school. You get used to the size after a while. Note: Does not allow LTE on tmobile. But you get HSPA+ which is 4G just not lte.....i think. Overall great device I do travel out of country a bit so having phone already unlocked is a big plus.

This phone is good but trust me...it's not worth dealing with Samsung's customer service! I got a defective spen with my phone and it looks like I will have to return the entire phone to get the problem resolved...Samsung and AT&T; are clueless as how to replace a defective spen.Stick to Apple or HTC is you want to deal with a real company

I had Samsung Note 2 from AT&T; for 2 weeks. I used it to make calls, read and reply to emails, browse the web, watch YouTube, and check stock charts. I am not a very heavy gamer, so I did not play many games with it except stuff like Temple Run, Family Feud etc. I did not use SPEN but I can see it being useful for some.I was an iPhone 4s user before Note 2 and went back to an iPhone 5 after I returned the Note 2 to the A&T; store.Here are the things I like about this phone-* The excellent and vibrant screen- It's full of life and the colors just come so naturally to it, it's beautiful.Be careful however, you will not be able to see the screen in very bright sunlight. Also, the screen brightness varies between dim and bright even when you are reading a web page or an application. Not a deal breaker, but annoyance nevertheless..* Responsive and fast UI, Operating system. Google has delivered a pretty stable OS (I had 4.2.2 with this device)* Despite the 5.5 inch screen, the battery life is impressive.. It will last me a full day of moderate use and then some. Do know that battery takes about 2.5 hours to charge from about 10% to 100%.Here are the things I dislike-- The navigation seems to be suffering from a worst case of ADD. It just does not "feel right". There are just too many things, it seems like they have just thrown together to see what sticks. Too many backs, too many unnecessary swipes left and right, hidden menus. If you prefer simplicity and openness, iPhone  is the best platform.- The build quality is sub-par. It's made of a very cheap, shiny plastic that gets very greasy when you touch it.  The screen gets extremely greasy and looks awful after short usage, its unlike iPhone 5's screen that gives you a matte finish looks which looks gorgeous. The battery cover creaks and moans.- Samsung bloatware is too much to bear. Samsung has added so many un-necessary applications and widgets that make me wonder if any one really uses it?I have had iPhone 5 now for a week now and I cant be any happier with my smartphone choice. Its just intuitive,it just works!  To summarize- if you are a busy, always on the road professional and want to keep things simple and easy with your cell phone , Note 2 is not your phone.

Big screen, amazing hardware and very nice software!I am very satisfied with my purchase,  the phone is fast, amazing screen! tons of features that makes you life simple and on top of that a battery that last up to 2 days of use.

I love this phone, and couldn't see myself using any other phone as of writing this.  Its fast, sleek, the stylus is a must have feature for those who need to write things down while taking a phone call.  For starters I do not have any issues with my phone right now.  But I did purchase a OEM Samsung HDMI connector.  The device did not work. So I called Samsung USA.  I understand this is an International phone, but I bought it on Amazon in the USA.  It has the Samsung name it should be supported anywhere Samsung has tech support.  So I called Samsung USA, and they said I have to call Samsung UK.  As they have no knowledge of the international version.  So Samsung is saying they don't know their product if its an international version.  Ridiculous. That will cost me money calling long distance.  That is unacceptable.  I have recommended Samsung numerous times.  But this has changed my mind about recommending and or purchasing Samsung products in the future.

Thank u the phone it's excelled perfect to my business and my job so everything works good one more time thank u

My husband loves his phone he has not had a single issue with it and it is easy to use and has all the features and programs that he needed.

Great PH, highly recommend.  Note 3 has ANT+ that this doesn't and a few little things, but this Note 2 has what most people need.Got this for someone that rarely uses the PH, but now is addicted to it.

IF YOU WANT TO USE AT&T; SERVICE OR PREPAID GOPHONE, DONT BUY THIS OR THE 7105 AT ALL, BELOW ARE THE REASONS I FOUND OUT FROM RESEARCH AND ANSWERED QUESTIONS FROM THE SELLER1. NO 4GLTE OR EVEN 4G WITH AT&T;, HAS SLOW DATA AND IS BEHIND IN NETWORK STRENGTH2. NO WARRANTY AT ALL, YOU BUY IT. IT STOPS WORKING THE NEXT DAY, YOUR S*** OUT OF LUCK3. ITS THE INTERNATIONAL VERSION WHICH MEANS NO CUSTOMER SERVICE AT ALLTHOSE REASONS ALONE CAUSED ME TO REQUEST A REFUND AND CANCEL ORDERIF YOU WANT THIS PHONE, TYPE INTO AMAZON SEARCH BOX, "ATT NOTE 2 i317". THAT PHONE IS THE 4G LTE VERSION AND IS THE US VERSION. HAS A WARRANTY AND IS ONLY $399 WITH FREE SHIPPING. YOU CAN ALSO USE WITH TMOBILE 4G. HOPE THIS HELPS THE BUYERS OF THIS PHONE, IT IS TRULY AMAZING IF YOU GET FROM THE RIGHT SOURCE.

I love this phone, people been asking me about it everywhere I go. Some of them they said its too big but to me it's perfect not big at all. It keep the charge all day long and so clear plus it is factory unlocked so I don't have to sign any contract with any provider. I just pay month to month everything unlimited for just fifty bucks, I mean it worthy it to get factory unlocked.

The delivery was perfect, my expectation was almost to high but not apparently for the shipping company and the Samsung Galaxy note 2 cellphone, which is the phone of all phones for me.  The screen size has changed the way I use and live with this tool.  Wont be able to settle for less now.Teddy

My phone break badly after falling from just 1 1/2 feet height. Its screen is totally breakable with a small shock. Gorilla glass won't protect. Gorilla Glass 2 is just a marketing gimmick, it is just as regular glass. I used a slim case with Samsung that didn't protect at all.All features are good. FAST and EXCELLENT.No Protection available from Samsung like apple care. Now I am worried to have this phone.Those who already have this phone please buy insurance or add a bulky beauty killing cases. No I have to find another phone..

I upgraded from the Note and what a difference. The Note II has a much faster processer in it and makes a hugh difference.Still learning about all the features but I am very happy with my purchase. I was very please with the seller in getting the phone to me as fast as he did. It was getting pretty frustrating using my Note with a shattered screen. The seller did include some things I wasn't expecting and that was just a bonus.All in all it was a great experience dealing with this seller and I would gladly do it again.

Specs:Samsung Galaxy Note | Samsung Galaxy Note 2Display Size: 5.3&#8243; | 5.5&#8243;Display resolution: 1280800 | 1280720Display type: Super AMOLED | Super AMOLEDDisplay PPI: 285 | 267Main chip: dual-core Snapdragon S3 (USA) | Exynos 4412 quad-coreRAM: 1GB | 2GBInternal storage: (GB) 16 | 16, 32, 64microSD slot: Yes | YesBattery capacity: 2500mAh | 3100 mAhBack Camera: 8 Megapixel | 8 MegapixelFront Camera: 2 Megapixel | 1.9 MegapixelNetwork: LTE | LTEDimensions: 5.78 x 3.27 x 0.38 | 5.95 x 3.17 x 0.37Weight (oz): 6.28 | 6.35Although the display size is larger (increased from 5.3" to 5.5" ), the Galaxy Note 2 is narrower and taller than its predecessor (decreased from 3.27" to 3.17" - height  increased from 5.78&#8243; to 5.95"). The general shape is similar with a slightly thinner and heavier body (from 0.38" to 0.37"- from 6.28 oz to 6.35 oz).The narrower form factor probably aims at making the device (a bit) easier to operate with one hand, as many people are highly sensitive to this characteristic in a smartphone. Now, it is possible to type with the thumb holding the Note 2 in the palm, and I have mid-sized hands. With the previous model, it is also "possible" but very uncomfortable, and reaching the keys at the far left of the keyboard was a challenge.The U.S version, just like the European version, gets a physical home button at the bottom of the screen, unlike the previous Galaxy Note model available in the U.S which featured exclusively touch sensitive icons for the Menu, Home, Back and Search commands. The Menu icon is placed at the left of the Home button and on the right, you will find the back icon, like on other recent Galaxy smartphones.In my opinion, the back button should always be on the left of the device, since web conventions has long established the browser back button to be on the upper left of the window. LG and HTC for example place the back icon at the left of the home command on their smartphones. This is not so important since most users will learn very quickly the placement of all commands, but some consistency would be good.Overall, the build quality of the new Galaxy Note 2 is better than the older model.Similarly to the Note 1 and the Galaxy S3, the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 chassis is enclosed in a silver frame that covers all four sides of the device. You will find the power button on the right side and the volume button on the left side. The micro USB connector is located in the middle of the bottom side with the S-Pen on its right. The  audio jack is placed at the top,on the left.The camera lens is integrated in the upper/middle of the back side with the LED flash on its left, just like on the previous model. The silver frame around the camera lens is slightly curvy, which is different from the square shaped frame on the original Note. The Galaxy S3 gets its LED on the left side of the camera, while its speaker is placed on its right. The loudspeaker on the Galaxy Note 2 features the exact same grid than the previous model, and it is placed at the exact same spot, on the back, bottom left.All the shapes used for the design language of this product are very consistent with the latest Galaxy S3 smartphone, making it a highly recognizable as part of the Galaxy brand.By introducing the phablet category, Samsung knows that it is reaching the outer-limit of what people can tolerate in terms of mobility and portability. The fact is: the average human hand size won't change for the foreseeable future. However, the Samsung Galaxy Note is also the most comfortable touch handset out there when it comes to watching movies, typing on the keyboard, or simply ready text, which is much more agreeable than it is on a 3.5" or a 4" display.Your experience with the Galaxy Note 2 depends on how much you like using your handset with one hand. It is clear that with a large screen, it is not possible to have a tight grip on your handset, and easily tap/slide with one hand. If you are used to do a lot of things with one hand, this may be a deal breaker. Surprisingly, this didn't bug me 90% of the time, and I was always able to make things work. On the other hand, the benefits of having a large display are omnipresent.That is the reason why Samsung puts significant efforts to improve the one-handed experience: the device is thinner and narrower than its predecessor, and, on the software side, a few features specifically designed for one-handed operation have been added. You will find One-handed operation options in the settings, that can display a smaller phone dialer and a smaller Samsung keyboard that can both be positioned either on the left or right side. You can also get a modified Samsung calculator app and the unlock pattern can be resized (although I did not find how for that last one).What's new compared to the previous Galaxy Note? (Very Good)As described in the introduction and in the specifications list, the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 has been beefed up on all sides (processor, RAM, latest version of Android) to provide top-notch performance. Just playing with it right out of the box it was easy to notice that it is way faster than its predecessor. We will review in detail the performance compared to other competitive devices in the Performance paragraph.New S-Pen Stylus (Excellent): The most significant addition of the Galaxy Note 2  is the enhancement of the S-Pen, which is also featured in the Galaxy Note 10.1 tablet that we reviewed recently. The S-pen now features 1024 level of pressure sensitivity, up from 256 levels in the original Galaxy Note. The difference with the old S-Pen is huge and it feels way better, now you can modulate your strokes very subtly when you draw with any painting tool. Samsung added a few new feature to use with the S-Pen:Sliding the S-Pen out turns the display on (very good): When the Note 2 is asleep, as soon as you slide the S-Pen out of its compartment, the displays turn on, which is neat.1024 pressure sensitivity levels (excellent): The S-Pen with 1024 pressure sensitivity levels was introduced first with the Galaxy Note 10.1 tablet. I spent a few hours playing with it using Photoshop and it is a blast! The high sensitivity makes it feels almost like a real pen with multiple tip styles available (pen, brush ...)Battery life (very good)Overnight battery depletion: Just like its predecessor the Galaxy Note LTE, the Galaxy Note 2 battery life is very good, well the capacity has been increased from 2500mAh to 3100 mAh, it's awesome. It's not uncommon for LTE devices to lose up to 25% of their battery life overnight. Even the RAZR Maxx loses 14% of its huge 3300mAh battery overnight. But the Galaxy Note 2 LTE only loses 6% of its 3100 mAh overnight (9 hours, 4G LTE on, GPS off). That is definitely a good surprise.Intensive usage: I played a HD video for one hour and the battery dropped from 80% to 67 % - which is 13% per hour with intensive use. Knowing that battery depletion is linear we can calculate that the battery will last roughly 7 hours and 40 minutes while watching videos non-stop.Enhanced cropping with the S-Pen (interesting)On the original Galaxy Note it was possible to crop a screenshot but you had to capture it first. With the new S-Pen you can now clip images directly from any application without capturing a screenshot simply by holding the button on the S-pen and trace a line around the area you would like to clip.Then, the clipped image is displayed large on screen and it will save automatically to the clipbaord if you do not perform any action. You can always copy the clipped image to one of the four application that are displayed at the bottom of the display. The clipboard is accessible from a number of applications directly from the keyboard by holding the keyboard options button.I wish it would be possible to turn on an option to draw straight edges to the cropped area, I was not able to get a perfectly rectangular clipped picture.Enhanced S-Pen features: You can personalize your email with a handwritten signature or a drawing done with the S-Pen. In the calendar, when in month mode you can annotate or draw on important dates. In the Polaris Office app you can annotate PowerPoint documents.Airview is the brand name that Samsung gave to the hovering capability of the S-Pen: the Galaxy Note 2 can detect the S Pen even when it is held a centimeter from the screen.This particular feature can be used in different contexts in various applications: it allows to preview a thumbnail of the video from its timeline in the video player app, preview a photo gallery or preview an email just by hovering the S Pen above the screen. Airview provides a critical feature found in all computers: mouse hovering. Airview works also in a number of websites that support hovering actions (especially with Flash sites), according to Samsung, you can try it at samsung.com, porsche.com and amazon.com.CONCLUSION:The Samsung Galaxy Note 2 is one of the best 4G LTE device that we had the opportunity to test (the LG Optimus G, the iPhone 5 or the Galaxy S3 would be contenders for that title), and the combination of a large 5.5" screen, LTE speeds and a good battery life makes this a rather unique and efficient combo.With the enhancement of the S-pen, the Galaxy Note 2 becomes a real interesting tool for creative people, it can now really be used for drawing, additionally editing photos with the S-Pen in Photoshop is a joy.I personally enjoy to use the Galaxy Note 2 as a phone that acts like a tablet, surely because I carry it in my purse. Consuming content of any kind on that device is very comfortable, whether reading a book, browsing desktop version websites or watching movies.Of course, it is up to you to decide if the large format work for you or not, but from what we've seen people either love it, or won't consider it at all, so this should to be an easy decision.

I bought the cellphone from same seller but this second one was from canada so it didnt have all the language options the other one had. Seller didnt have any support info on how to add languages.

I don't want to talk too much about technical specification of the device. Instead, I would like to first mention about the seller. There are tons of comments on the product here but only a few talk about the seller. Before buying this phone my main concern was to prefer the right the seller (considering there are many strange and unreliable seller in the market).I bought this product from Ranascorp (fullfilment by Amazon). The phone was shipped immediately and delivered in two days. I don't know why but when I opened the package I saw that the box was open. However, everything other than the open box was OK. The phone was brand new with protector films in place.  The accessories were brand new as well (though I bought a titanium gray phone the accessories are white). Ultimately, I'm very happy with my purchase.The phone is literally amazing. From the very first moment I have been dealing with the phone almost every minute. Most people think that it has a huge size but believe me when you see that giant screen you will fall in love with it (though I'm 6' 3&#34; I still had some concerns on the size). As soon as you start using the phone you immediately get rid of your concerns on the size.I'm pretty sure that most of you are reading every article about the phone and checking every website before buying it ( exactly like I did) and you have many concerns like resolution, color saturation, super amoled screen etc. Guys, let me tell you something: do not hesitate even a moment to buy this phone.  Be sure that you will never feel regret or look back to your old or new Iphone or other types of phones.I bought an Iphone 5 to my wife 2 months ago and when she saw my Note II she suddenly she started to dislike her Iphone:) Now, she wants another Note II for herself:)Now, a few things for who already have the phone. If you didn't do it I recommend you to have a look at youtube and search for &#34;Coldfustion's Android 3D UI Tutorial [Galaxy Note 2] &#34;. When you see the things you can change and the new look of your Note II I'm sure you will not believe it. Of course, everybody using an android phone might have the same look but it would not be the same as in your Note due to the screen difference. I applied many of the things Coldfustion described in that video. I further customized different things thanks to the inspiration by Coldfustion. It's up to your creativity.As a conclusion, I'm definitely very happy with my purchase. This is a great device. I was going to buy a tablet but I don't need one now.

This is by far the best phone on the market.I had high expectations but it still blew my mind.It's large enough to do whatever a tablet can, but it will still fit in your pocket.

I've had the GT-N7100 (international version of the Samsung Galaxy Note 2) since the end of last November and for awhile I was really happy with it. Great screen, nice interaction, nice features, etc - until it just randomly stopped working one day. I was using it, then when I went to turn on the screen the next time, it just would not turn on and no sign of life except for a slowly flashing red LED. After doing some online search, I then discovered that this was apparently a common problem on the note 2 and, it would appear, also on the s3. I've NEVER had a phone (or any other electronic device, for that matter) die and not turn on again out of the blue, no warning or indication of problems whatsoever. I've tried all sorts of fixes suggested by different online forums, but no luck (I am an electrical engineer by training and know a few things about electronics... and no, I had not rooted the phone or done anything unusual to it.) Now I have a $600 brick!This, by itself, negates any positives of the phone. To top it off - Samsung does NOT service non-US versions of the phone in the US. I must contact a UK service support tech (on my own dime, and being 8 hours ahead of my time, does not give me a lot of call window) to see if they can do something with it. That pretty much means most of the unlocked Galaxy Note 2s you get in the US cannot be serviced in the US. Oh, and the 2 US service support techs I spoke with basically didn't care.This support policy by Samsung is pathetic and unacceptable, especially in view of how much they charge for these things! I will never buy another Samsung again, that is for sure!

How fast is this phone? Ridiculously fast. How cool is this phone? Plus-ultra-chic. How good is the handwriting interface? Okay, it drops in a lot more capital letTers than iT should. But if you watch the options above the scratchpad you can fix flaws with a quick tap. And it is freaky fast reading my chicken scratches. Did I mention this phone is fast?Other folks can tell you about the specs for this phone and how it compares to that fruit company's phones and the other Androids. For me it is all about usability and this is the ultimate in my experience. There is a reason the fruit folks have sued Samsung - they cannot compete in quality/value. Between the Note and the S III, Oppa Samsung is kicking it Gangnam style. I should mention I have had a fruity phone - truly don't miss it. Best of all, no iTunes. Relief! Amazon MP3 and Kindle Apps are my new best friends.And if someone gives you guff about how big it is, fire up Netflix and show them about any movie. After they go quiet tell them &#34;Yeah, size matters.&#34;I have no trouble remotely logging into a server and doing a few quick tasks. Remote mouse clicks are slick with the stylus. Reading a book is a pleasure. Short Emails are no trouble. Browsing the Web is very doable. I can turn my notebook off for days and not miss it.Works well with T-Mobile. T-Mobile worked well with me. I wandered into one of their stores, had a micro SIM card and a working phone in less than ten minutes. If you're already on Android then switching to a new Android phone is completely lacking in any pain whatsoever. If it does hurt then you're doing it wrong.Okay, this phone is not for everyone, but if you think you could use an Android on Steroids, don't hesitate.

These have defective memory chips. These 16gb note 2 have defective memory chips that cause Samsung sudden death. Look up insane chips. Samsung will not fix it. They will not help at all. There is a company that will replace the emmc chip for $150. I've used this phone for about 8 months now and it's been very difficult to keep it working. It crashes and the screen will not come back on. Many people who purchased these 16gb gt-n7100 have had complete device failures. Samsung does not service these phones and will not help...they directed me to the Phillipines, UK, and India. The UK said they can't help because it's a USA variant....it's been a nightmare.  Notice that a lot of the 5 star reviews are not labeled verified purchases...

ok let me start by saying those negative reviews must be from people that aren't computer literate..i ordered my phone on 2/19/13 and it was at my house 2 days later so delivery time is excellent....and i need not give a review of the phone just because if i ordered the phone that must mean i like it and it arrived in one piece so i'm one happy customer no complaints fro me about the seller as they did an outstanding job getting my order to me and getting the right order to me

do not deal with worldwide. They lied about my phone when I tried to return it. they told me they would give me a refund and then try to stiff me. they told me my phone came back wet after I returned it and they wanted to give me a 60 dollar credit on a $500 phone. after about 20 hours on the phone and my time Amazon finally fixed the problem for me and refunded me correctly. they seem to have changed their name since I bought their phone which is probably commonplace for them. if you should use them, ask them a lot of questions first. especially which network you will be on because they don't tell you in there an ad and then you will get stuck with the wrong phone without asking the right questions.good luck.

I live in Venezuela, and send me a CDMA phone and does not work in my country so I lost the money, plus the phone did not bring the s pen, really I am very disappointed in this purchase

Its such an awesome phone but Where can we connect this phone?  I tried connecting it but they said they couldn't. :(  Please help!!!

Purchased this phone for my wife and was really cautious about doing so.  Many of the reviews don't specifically say they work directly with T-Mobile but I can tell you that it does.  The day after I gave it to her we went down to T-Mobile and switched the SIM card for a Micro-SIM card and the phone works great.  T-Mobile currently doesn't have 4G availability within the bandwidth for this phone but they will have it early 2013 so I am not worried.Pro's and Con's are like all the other reviews but this thing is wicked fast so my wife is really happy.  I have no regrets about buying this phone.

Ordered used, but only used for 1 week in perfect shape. It looked good but would not read the SIM cad installed at the ATT store. Installed a second SIM card and still would not read it. The same SIM card put into another phone worked fine. Also, was not happy with the communications with the vendor.I have since replaced it with an identical phone bought on EBay......vendor had great communications and I absolutely LOVE the phone.

Firstly, this cell phone is not a new one, the box should be open before. What's important, the cell phone is a bad one, it does't work!! When I put my SIM card in it, there's no response!!! Now I'm not in America, I just cannot return it right now. I'm soooooo angry about it!!!!

Unlocked phone distributed by Wireless Everything was from a foreign source and on a "lost or stolen" list, per Consumer Cellular. Instructions were in French (I'm In Reno). Power adapter didn't work. Samsung does not support international phones, which are unlocked but don't conform to U.S. specs. Had a problem with notification ring, couldn't get help. Will return it.

It is an excellent smartphone! Is very fast i have now for a year and i can't complaint! The battery  life great!

The Samsung Galaxy Note II is the perfect example of an over-engineered product. The user interface is way too sensitive -- I have to change back my settings on a daily basis because the interface changes just about every time I use my phone. It takes a beautiful picture, yes. The interface is nice and big for searching the internet, yes. But to make a phone call? Even when I'm extremely careful about not pushing buttons (putting my hands only on the outside rim and not on any buttons) my ear/face touches the screen and voila, I'm somehow changing my clock settings to Saudi Arabia time zone, or removing my Favorite Contacts, or turning off my Bluetooth setting. In summary, it is a terrible phone. Secondly, I find that the operating system does buggy things -- like if I change a setting, it may change back and when I go in and try to update the setting, it shows that the setting is different than it actually is. Rebooting helps, but that's so old-school Windows to have to do that all the time. My suggestion is that if you're only going to use it for its non-phone features, you'll be OK. But for me, I really regret paying so much money for this -- wish I had gone with the iPhone.

Was not happy said it could be used with Verizon and it can not now i have a 700 dollar paper weight false advertisement

Works fine with my carrier T-mobile. I dont get 4g no at some places but it is still fast with 3g+. the phone also is fast and has many features that i am still trying to tackle on. Great Phone!

I got this on a carrier for the two week "trial" and I'm going to return it. I work with film (digital), and 3D modeling applications. The OS is amazing, the phone/phablet is NEARLY flawless, and I love it's cutting edge performance. I want this beauty so badly but a 16GB internal memory isn't going to cut it for me. This phone/phablet is meant to replace a laptop, camera, sketchbook and WAS going to be my mobile workstation. With all that capability you'd think they'd release this phone with a 32GB and 64GB option at the same time on all the carriers. I've scoured the internet and no one at the stores can give me a straight answer about the memory options and if/when they'll be available. It's so frustrating to finally find the phone/phablet that's practically perfect in nearly every way - except skimpy on memory for it's abilities. If I'm going to have it for two years the minimum I'd buy is a 32GB model. C'mon where are the bigger memory options for this thing? They are keeping people like me from committing! While I realize you can buy a memory card (I'll be getting one too) my issue is that if I'm going to use it for two years on contract I don't want to have to pick and choose what to load on the phone or worry about storing more on the card than phablet/phone itself especially since I intend to wear out all those useful features. I want to show people what I'm working on now and on projects I've done in the past - or show them my 3D models. That all takes up memory and instead of waiting on an iffy connection it makes sense to have what you need with you period. I say go big or go home and I want a to use this beauty to it's full potential and test the limits to see just how much it can really handle.That being said I have to ask why they won't release the other memory option models with such an amazing OS and phablet/phone. I think it's time we all pester Samsung about this. If they can release this overseas with all the memory options why won't they do that here in the US with such a massive market? The iPhone 5 has all three available, the S III launched the same as have many others so why the rub on this beast of a phablet/phone? Another thing to think about is what if they are holding out for the annoying Black Friday or Cyber Monday? I don't want to commit only to find out I could've gotten the model I REALLY wanted if I had waited two more weeks or a month. That's happened to me before so I'd like to not have to deal with it again. Has anyone else experienced that frustration? "If only I'd waited another two weeks!"That being said my ONLY complaint (I'm talking to you Samsung)is that for such a gorgeous beast of a tool you don't seem too concerned about not offering the 32GB and 64GB options for this market. Don't keep people like me waiting too long or I'll go elsewhere - to a competitor.

Do not buy anything form the Amazon vendor. I bought a Galaxy phone, the vendor did not disclosure that the phone will not work at 4G data speed, after expending one day sending mail to Samsung in Spain, England, etc, I found that this phone won't work in the US TMobile provider at 4G data speeds.Well, I returned to the vendor and the vendor (Techno. trading) has the audacity to charge me a re-stocking charge of $70.00.

Bought the Galaxy Note II for international usage and for connectivity in States. This phone meets my expectations in that respect. The only drawback is the size. It is a bit awkward to carry. But I will get used to it I'm sure.

Well it worked just liked they said buy a micro sim card and thats it depending on your country is 4 g or 3 g it all worksLoved everything about the phone i know its a little big but hey thats why i got it so stop hating on my choiceOpen Group Wireless was the seller and will deff buy again from them by the way i always try to go with  Fulfilled by Amazon if not i always get trouble but all my accessories were for the usa version so Im happy

If you can get used to a smartphone this size, there is no better choice. With a very mature Android OS, this phone feels faster than an iPhone 5 in every way.In fact, both this phone and the iPhone 5 are the two best phones right now.

This is an "international" Note 2.  Which means it will not work with Verizon.  It doesn't matter that it is "factory unlocked".  If you want a Note 2 that's Verizon compatible, make sure it's the model "i605" and is listed as "CDMA capable".The description on Amazon hides all of this.

a device that makes your life easier, fast and friendly in internet navigation, a lot of free and good aplications amd widgets, you get addicted to it.

The phone arrived. Relatively on time. The only reason this phone does not get a 5 star rating is because the the earplug port is somewhat faulty.  The earphones that came with the phone are nicely styled. But only one bud wants to work properly. I ended up buying another set of earphones. Thinking this would help. It does to some extent but it turns out. We are having to put the plug at a certain spot at the port for both earplugs to work. This is not a total deal breaker for him. Everyday he says. I love it. I love it. The size becomes a second thought after handling the phone for a while. Anyway. So far so good

Very affordable, functions great, very easy to use, I would definitely recommend this product to my friends and my family!

I loved Samsung Galaxy Note II and it's way better than Galaxy S3 .. Big but amazing and great S Pen .. Can't live without it

I've had my galaxy note 2 for about a week now (sent from Blutekusa of Amazon). It was challenging at first because there was so much to learn and take in. But after going through all the settings and customizing everything to suit my needs, this phablet works beyond expectation. I'm loving it increasingly and it's well worth the money spent.The functionality of it is like no other. Installing and uninstalling apps is super fast and simple. I love that I can Google voice or S voice to call, text, look up stuff, schedule appts on my calendar, send myself memos and reminders, set alarms/timers, etc. without having to type anything down. I love that I can use 2 screens at once. The camera takes beautiful pictures, I was at the art museum a few days ago and the pictures turned out picture perfect. I can simply say 'cheese' or other words and it takes the picture, very awesome. Using the S note and S pen is also very fun and allows me to be creative. The possibilities are endless with this amazing device. I'm very content! I hope to have this for a very long time.The battery life is terrific! After using it a whole day, I'm at just the half way point when I put it on the charger.I only thing I'm disliking right now is that I can't download my picture text messages on Net10's AT&T; network.but that is a network issue, not a phone issue.

Excellent product, a gray color very nice lead. All waited in a qualit telephone, it was not waiting except for the very light t

Buy this phone as a present for my uncle, he spends a phone in one hand and one on the other hand. I liked a lot, its functionality and it really deserves the best punctuation, is really complete graphics are exceptional, speechless.The most complete on the market and its size is excellent and perfect for this phone. I arrive in excellent condition and new exactly as displayed, TechGiant recommend as an excellent seller

This phone is great. It is much better than Galaxy Note which I owned before buying Galaxy Note 2. I enjoy it

This tablet is the boss! I purchased this for a boss (hubby) and he loves it! It is very sleek and contemporary!

I've bought this because the needs with my job. It is a great phone and it works fine. I still try to figure-out all the things it does but I feel great about this phone day by day.

This is the best phone I've ever had and I've had lots of them. I really like the fact that it is AT&T; bloatware free and that I can truly use my phone the way it was intended to be used without a phone company telling me what I can or can not do.The shipper was quick and the phone was well packed. I am 100% satisfied with my purchase.

I waited a while to write a review on this phone, I had bought the phone right before I went on vacation out of town for 2 weeks (got it the 2nd day of release) and I am blown away by this device. I was a former owner of the iPhone 4s and then I moved to a Galaxy Note (n7000) for 6 months. I was in love with the original Galaxy Note in every way possible and then I sold my old Gnote. I felt bad because I had no idea how good the Gnote 2 would be, if I would love it or hate it. I even regretted selling the Original note. I waited for the day to come and then I bought it patiently waiting day by day (bought on ebay with square trade warranty). I never thought another phone in the world could take me away from the Gnote and then it happen...The Samsung Galaxy Note 2 came along by UPS and shattered the barriers of my expectations of how fast a phone could be and could do. Once again I sit here writing you a review of my 2 weeks of the Samsung Galaxy note 2 (n7100) This Review will mostly compare it to the Original Galaxy Note (n7000).Screen and Multimedia:We already know the screen is a whopping 5"5 inches so I won't get into that. The HD Super AMOLED is what I want to get at. Its just so eye popping to look at every time you look at the Raw HD screen of the Galaxy Note II. Its hard to look away for even a moment. And Guess what? Its NOT PEN-TILE! Really once you look at the screen you will notice it! The screen itself is just so fun to look at and it is some serious eye candy. I know some people are worried about losing some res of the original Galaxy note but trust me this screen is far superior. It was worth losing that resolution in favor of this screen. This is truly the best screen Samsung have ever made. Period. If you was desensitize by the first Note Screen then your in luck because this one is even bigger (mainly longer) then before. Its going to be hard to go back to smaller screens after owning this phone. There was no problems with my screen at all, no dead pixels & no funny colors/bluish tint like the first Gnote. Its a breathtaking screen simply put and it is something that have to be seen. It Decodes DVIX and Xvid movies so watching on this screen is a blast with HD, Netflix also has great quality, and Slingplayer is a wonder to watch TV on the Galaxy Note II! HD wallpapers and wonderful looking on a screen like this. Gaming on this device is pure fun enjoyment every time because you will have extra room to have your thumbs moving. (played NOVA 3, Dead Trigger, Sonic CD, and a few SNES games like TMNT Turtles in time. With those games the Colors just POP! don't believe me? Try it when you get one.) The screen was so comfortable to look at I didn't even pull out my iPad on my vacation.Design / Build Quality / feel:Yes its a big phone/tablet but really it feels nice in the hand. To me it feels so much better then the Original Galaxy Note. Its something about the design of the curves on the back of the device just feels so satisfying to hold. I know the device is plastic but it some how have a premium feel to it. It is very uncanny but its beautiful and looks better then the white version IMO. The gray mixed in with a nature like feel of the GSIII just makes the front of the device very sexy. People gave me compliments on the street saying it was "beautiful" This mixed in with the screen can make this a very attractive phone. It is a solid feeling phone. I can fit it in my pants with no problems because the Galaxy Note 2 is thin, light and easy to hold. If your worried about texting on this thing there is an app called "Thumb Keyboard" in the android market that really makes it comfortable typing. To be completely honest the Stock Keyboard even feels good to type on and very responsive...might be a little tough to reach the middle of the with the stock keyboard in landscape. Other then that its a very good stock Samsung keyboard its even better when you use the S-Pen for your handwriting. This one is also better for the front of it has a notification light, I know that's not a huge bonus to some people but after owning the iPhone 3G, iPhone 3Gs, Dell Streak, Galaxy S II, iPhone 4s and a Galaxy Note...It is refreshing to see that on there for the first time. You can change the color of the Notification light as well but it depends if an app allows you to do so such as Handcent SMS.Call Quality / data speeds / GPS / Wifi:Call quality is great and Samsung made it even better then the Original note. Speaker is WAYYYYY better then the Original Note adding a "extra volume" button during calls. The speaker on the Gnote was not that good to say the lease. I have HSPA+ on AT&T; with Unlimited Data and the Download/upload speeds are good with my area getting 7.25 Mbps in Chicago's speed test (Using a unlocked with T-mobile USA will only get you 2G speeds). The speeds are not bad but not that good compared to today's LTE speeds. Its good enough for me though but I suggests waiting for the LTE versions of this phone if your a data speed demon. Another thing I notice with Galaxy Note 2 is that all you have to do is put the microSIM card in and your good to go. It automatically sets up the APN settings for you something that was not on the Original Galaxy note. GPS locks on fast as normal and was great using it on a vacation and Wifi is working perfectly especially with range, it pulls up web pages faster then the first note I can tell you that.Battery:It Last...the 3100 mah battery just shatters the old Gnote battery. Normal usage has gotten me over 48 hours of battery life and heavy usage gotten me about 20 hours. That is just insane....it is just insane if your not use to it which I wasn't. You would think with a screen as huge as 5"5 inches and the power this phone has it wouldn't but it just surprise me how far smartphones have came from 2006. You won't be disappointed with the battery life in the Galaxy Note II.UI / Speed / Processor:Fluid. Fast. Quick. Speedy. Blazing. This phone is the FASTEST phone I have ever used. Why shouldn't it be with a Quad-core and 2GB of Ram. It even had me saying "Is this really Android?" because my first Android phone was a Dell Streak and look how far we come. I was shocked how fast this phone is. I mean every app I throw at it, it takes it down like a beast. This is the first time I felt like I didn't need to change roms or flash it. In fact I see myself keeping this phone stock for a very long time. Yes my friends I am in love with Touchwiz/Nature UX for the very first time. If this is project butter and the future of it then please give me more. The responsiveness of this device is mind blowing. Another thing this phone has is something called "Page Buddy" for Ex: when you plug in your headphones it takes you to a home screen of apps and widgets that you most use the headphones with. It does the same with the S-pen, Docking, and Roaming. It is another function that can activate something called "Multi-view" where you can have two apps open at the same time but they work so seamless. you can have Google Maps open while you text your friends the directions or you can browse the web while viewing a video. Its so smooth, I think this is where the Quad-core really shines.Its a limited amount of apps on the left side of the screen that you can use multi-view with but here is the list:Chrome (Once installed)ChatOnEmailGalleryGmailInternetMapsSNoteMessagingYou-TubeVideo PlayerGoogle TalkAPPS:Comes with a bunch of Samsung APPS which I found myself enjoying. Here are some of the ones I enjoy. Allshare play Connects to all the media file on my PC over HSPA+ or WiFi, It has DLNA that can connect to my Samsung TV, FM Radio that carriers love to take out for you to use their data, Paper artist that let you take a picture and draw wacky stuff over it, S-Voice which I admit is awful but its a decent clone of Siri on the iPhone, Music app is nice and of course all the fun Google stuff especially Google Now. Samsung Email app is good and so is their S-planner (calender) but its nothing to write home about unless your using the S-pen with the calender. The rest of Samsung's apps aren't good. (Gamer, Reader and music hubs are junk and so is the Samsung App store.)S-Pen:It works as it is suppose to and quicker then the original Galaxy note. This would be the one main reasons to buy the phone. As an artist I am very impressed with something like this and could be used as a backup Wacom mini tablet for on the go. The Samsung Galaxy Note II has some really awesome features besides drawing that take advantage of this Wacom pen. You can use it to write down notes, hover it over your video timeline to see whats going on later in the movie, You can use it as a "mouse" to hover over content your fingers can't really activate on the web, Write notes on your Calendar, Write notes on the back of pictures/photos, and so much more that I know I'm forgetting but it all just works with ease.Camera:Takes great pictures up to 8 MP and the best I've ever seen on a mobile device, the pictures are just so colorful. The pictures snaps fast and I love it, if you hold the camera button down it snaps up to 20 photos in a second (?) and it has Panorama which I enjoy using. HD Video recording is great and frame rate and looks very good when being played back on DLNA / Allshare. With a processor this fast its no longer you have to wait a second or two like one original note. I haven't tired using all of the features of the camera but I'm working my way to it like Low-light, HDR, Best shot, etc.Final word:I love this phone and to be honest with you I don't see myself using another phone for a very long time. This Quad-core beast can handle it all. I don't even take out my iPad anymore....I don't even feel the desire to buy the Nexus 7 at this point in time because this phone is just fun to use. This is now my personal on the go PC. I put in a 64GB microSD card into it (MicroSD slot another plus btw) and now I take all my movies and music along with me. Samsung has once again showed me that they can deliver a great product. I can't speak for updates but as far as I know the old Galaxy Note (n7000) is getting Jellybean as well so I expect the Galaxy note 2 to get updated with future Android updates as well.Get this phone if your interested, No I'm not going to call this a phone....Get this media powerhouse if you enjoy media consumption and want a phone along with it. I don't carry around my tablet anymore and I make phone calls with this thing. Its everything I wanted in a portable data device. I know some are worried how big it is but its really not that big of a phone. When you get use to it and its "smaller" then the Original Note making it easy to hold. Its easy for me to carry around but it is a two handed device so keep that in mind. There are ways to use it with one hand like the keyboard and calculator though. I enjoyed using this phone on my vacation and I didn't even use the unlocked Tethering ;) because the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 alone makes for a enjoyable experience to have around. I'm sure there are so many other things I am missing in this review but so far I love it. Samsung Galaxy Note 2 (n7100) is worth every single penny!I haven't used NFC yet so I can't comment on it but I would love Google wallet on this thing if I knew how to get it on there.I recommend a few apps in the play store with the note II:iMediaShare: (Ultimate app for DLNA users.)Thumb Keyboard: (Great keyboard for phones like this.)HD Widgets: (Wonderful weather widget that fits the note screen perfectly.)Sketchbook Mobile: (works great with the S-pen)Sonic CD: (Sonic with Amoled goodness will give you eye orgasms.)Google Navigation: (Perfect device for GPS!)HulloMail: (Visual Voice-mail)Slingplayer: (If you have a slingbox you will LOVE! this app, if you do not I recommend getting one.)Netflix: (For obvious reasons.)Chrome: (Great web browser)Mightytext: (If you love Texting from your PC)Samsung's Kies air: (Wireless Transferring of Music, Videos, Photos, and Texting from PC)Lock Screen 7 & Launcher 7: (Because nothing is better then making this look like a Windows Phone 7 Device from time to time)

This phone is amazing.  It is fast, beautiful, and smart.  It has all the bells and whistles.  Well worth the money.*** If you are getting the international version in the US, please beware that this phone with not get 4G speeds.It will only get 2G.  The branded US versions will get 4G speeds. ***I selected the unlocked international version for several reasons.  First, I am not stuck with a single carrier for the life of the phone.  Second, this version is not full of a bunch of silly, carrier-specific software.  Third, it will work internationally if I travel with just the change of the SIM card.  Lastly, it has an FM radio that is missing from the carrier-specific US models.  This is my first smartphone, and I couldn't be more impressed.  With the phone in easy mode, it is easy enough to learn, even for someone who is not especially skilled with technology.  I love this phone and couldn't be happier with it!

When you get the Note 2 out of its box, your first reaction will be to its enormous size!But honestly, it's not a problem. It will fit in your jeans pocket, assuming your jeans aren't too tight, and you won't really notice its extra weight.Some will find it absurd, but those who want a big screen with loads of beautiful detail, a much better battery and some cool pen features will "get" it within 10 minutes of holding it for the first time.

Note II is the best phone out there for people who love big screen phones. The connection is flawless. Great deal.

IF I COULD GIVE THIS ZERO STARS, I WOULD. I HAD READ OTHER REVIEWS AND WAS AWARE THAT SOME PEOPLE WERE GETTING THE INTERNATIONAL VERSION. WHEN I LOOKED AT THE SELLER, THEY HAD A HIGH RATING AND THE PACKAGE SHIPPED OUT OF MESQUITE, NEAR DALLAS TEXAS. SO I ORDERED THE PHONE. HOWEVER, THIS IS AN INTERNATIONAL MODEL BEING SOLD IN THE US. I THOUGHT I WAS BEING CAREFUL BY SELECTING A COMPANY THAT HAD USA IN THE NAME (BLUTEKUSA).WHEN THE PHONE ARRIVED, THERE WAS AN ADAPTER FOR THE US AND THE SEALS WERE SLICED. WHEN I OPENED IT, THE INSTRUCTIONS WERE IN SPANISH AND THE ORIGINAL PLUG WAS ONE OF THOSE INTERNATIONAL PLUGS WITH THE WEIRD CYLINDRICAL RODS. NOT HAPPY!!!!!!!!!!FORTUNATELY, AMAZON HAS A RELATIVELY HASSLE FREE RETURN POLICY. MAYBE THEY SHOULD ACTUALLY DO SOMETHING ABOUT THE FALSE ADVERTISING ON THIS PAGE...

First of all... Note 2 is a perfect product. There has not been a better product than this phone. The Operating System, the Size, shape, weight... everything just falls into place with this phone. I love the S pen... My 15 month daughter does drawing with it and loves the feel of it... 64GB SD card capability gives me more storage than my office laptop has.The only problem with this model is that N7100 does not have LTE on ATT. If you are looking for LTE, then go for ATT model L317. That is the only difference between the 2 models... Else the model is perfect!

Amazon customer serv rep said I was getting this phone directly from Amazon (approx $25 more than their 3rd party vendor "TABLET". When I received it from "TABLET"(another Vendor) there was no manufacture's warranty card and the OEM Battery was swapped out for a cheap knockoff! No ear-buds, nothing in the box except phone & charger. TABLET refused to send me a manufacturers's warranty card or original OEM battery. Amazon would not do anything about it either except told me Amazon would back up the Manufacturers warranty.  I would never buy anything like this again...Even with receiving the 3rd party phone, Amazon would not refund the difference in what their price was advertised vs. TABLET's price of about $25 less than Amazon's...I just hope I got a "new" phone that I ordered, than a refurb..and hope I never have to need warranty service.. I would never buy anything from TABLet or recommend them...Customer service was pittyful.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!I dont' know who to blame, samsung or the seller. regardless, the phone was fine for the time I had it, but after 3 months of use, the phone all of a sudden died.  No matter what I tried, the phone would not charge or come back on.  I called samsung and they told me that since the phone was an international phone, that I had to contact the country where it was made and send it off to them for repairs.  I am so furious right now I dont' know what to say.  Apparently this is the same &#34;sudden death&#34; bug that affected many of the galaxy sIII's a few month prior and is happening to many other people who own the Note 2.If you live in the US, and were planning on buying a international phone, or any samsung phone for that matter, I would HIGHLY advise you against it.  You get no us support, and the phone cannot be repaired in this country.  A phone that I paid almost $700 for should die after 3 months of use.  That is a bunch of bull$#^.You will also only get a very sh&^%y return policy from this seller.

The best smartphone in the world. I love this gadget, the S pen is perfect, everything works just fine. very satisfied

Yes, this phone may seem large at first, but once you go Note II, you'll never go back. The deal catcher for me was the 15 hour battery and it's no joke. I leave WiFI, Bluetooth, roaming and auto updates on at all times and I use GPS sporadically throughout the day as I run my errands and the battery never fails me. On the average day I use 12.5mb of data and I literally use this phone for everything, all day long. It's so light weight I often forget it's in my pocket and the ease of use is what I love most about Samsung.

Can't say enough, is most awesome phone I ever had bar none, love it! Everything works so well, so responsive and productive I can't put it down. The technology has FINALLY acheaved its goal. A smartphone that is smart and actually works on all levels. A real keeper.

dat's what i am talking about...awsome cell phone ever!!! had note I ....love it!! forget abouti phones...i recommended for every body!

I loved this phone but I think that 650 it's a bit pricier ... the note 2 it's packed with many tricks and the pen works just great .

I got as a gift! So far they are enjoying it.i will find out from them.. Sure they love it

Just opened up my new Galaxy Note II and I cannot put it down. The days of typing messages one-letter-at-a-time are over.  This phone is extremely lightweight, full of surprises, and has excellent speed. Would highly recommend it to everybody

this model has trouble with sleep. 13-20% battery is gone for night.Also I don't know what can I do now.

I bought 5 of these phones on behalf of someone else.  I have now talked with them and they really liked the phones.  All the users are happy and the transaction was very easy.  I will be doing more business with Amazon in the future.

Used IPhone for 6 Years, was tired of getting little upgrades every version paying far more for each upgrade, did my homework and researched all phones avalable today and found this Quad Core 1.6GHz 16Gb (upgradable to 80Gb) just by buying a 64Gb Micro SDXC. Can Tether to USB or be a WiFi Hotspot at 4G, mulit task, with 5.55 inch HD screen. Big to hold, but now love the size, It grows on you fast. Does everything I want and more for less cost. Worth a look if intrested in Awesome, mind blowiing power, smooth operation and buity.

Best Smartphone out there easy to transfer my music and video from my computer just drag the file to the music or movie folder then click copy and that's it...Very easy no need to convert movie file like mkv HD movie not like apple you have to convert the file before you can play it...Love it...

Purchased this phone from amazon back in December 2012. Initially no problems, the phone was working great, about couple months ago, when I switch cellular carries, I had to switch my sim card, and then nightmare with Samsung got started....For some reason, the phone was not reading my sim card. Initially I though, it is because of my new cellular phone carrier that the Samsung Galaxy Note II does not support, so no big deal, I can switch to another carries, however when I switch to another carrier, the phone again does not read the sim card. I though maybe the problem is simple and can be fixed without bothering Samsung Customer Service so I took it to certified repair shop and the repair shop told me that the the phone does not read the sim card and there is no way knowing why it does not read it and fixing the slot for the sim card is almost impossible as the sim card slot is integrated with the motherboard of the phone. The repair shop returned the phone back to me saying it is unfixiable. I though that the repair shop is not really experienced, anything can be repaired nowadays, so I am not worried. I took the phone to another repair shop and they said that the same thing as the first repair shop. If the phone does not read the sim card, the problem is very likely relate with the communication between sim card and the motherboard of the phone.After wasting a month or so with cellular phone repair shops, I called Samsung Customer Service. My phone was under warranty after all. It has been less then a year. Only couple months from the date of the purchase. Samsung Customer Service was very polite however said that they can not help me... I asked them why, and their answer was very puzzling. They told me that my phone is international unlock and it belongs to South Africa and I need to contact them to get it repair. I politely asked them to provide South Africa Samsung customer service phone number so I can contact them to send my phone to South Africa to get it fixed. They said they don't have their phone number but they will transfer my call to another customer service to see if I can get help. The phone did not go through...I called again....This time they transferred...I explained what happened again and new customer service rep told me that, I can not send my Samsung phone to South Africa either as they have no way of verifying if I am the original buyer. I was the original buyer from amazon.com. The product came was brand new.I tried to explain them, that this is Samsung phone and I paid close to $600, the phone is still under warranty. I would be careless if the phone came from a different country or planet, it is your phone and I need your support. They repeatedly told me that there is nothing can be done as this is an international unlock phone and USA customer service of Samsung does not support and they are unable to tell me which Samsung worldwide branch can support. Apparently calling Korea would not help me either as they said they won't help me. I literally begged them to show me a way to get this phone fixed. I can even pay for the fixing cost, but again they sincerely apologized for not being helpful. Later on, I tried different customer service rep by calling their USA number but each time I got pretty much same result and now I am trying to sell this phone on Craigslist as for parts.If phone works, no issues, I know it is a great phone however if somehow you experience the same problem as I did, do not expect any support from Samsung. For USA phones, maybe no problem to get support but international unlock Samsung Phones seems problematic to get support. Overall, if it the Samsung phone breaks down on you, you are on your own...

this phone is incredible. i ditched Verizon and my galaxy nexus so i can finally start using unlocked phones and this one is a beast. amazing specs, super fast, awesome camera and so much more. speaking of the camera i just found out tonight you can video record in 1/2, 1/4, and 1/8 speed. the resolution goes down quite a bit but its amazing it has slow mo features and i never seen that written about in any reviews i read. within 2 days i feel like the screen isnt that big anymore and it seems easy to hold in hand and use. after 2 days my s-pen started acting very weird. it was triggering a click command whenever i got close enough to the screen that the cursor would appear from hover view. i asked on XDA and found a solution if anyone ever encounters it as well. remove the button cover on the pen (i used a razor blade) and there will b 2 potentiometers. use a tiny flat head screwdriver and turn the left potentiometer slightly clockwise. like maybe just 1/8 of a turn. the s-pen is functioning  fine again. there should be an easier way to adjust the s-pen sensitivity and a documented way to to do this from Samsung. i guess mine was slightly over turned at the factory and was causing the issue. instead people wont know this and will either send their phones back for new ones or spend $30 for a new s-pen which is not cool. even with the slight problem its still the best phone out their hands down today.

Awesome phone!This is exactly what I was looking for.  A phone that I can surf the Web, and make calls.Loving the S-penLoving the sizeMust have!!

I had an S2 that worked perfectly fine. My brother got one of these Note 2's, it's freakin gorgeous, why did he have to let me hold it and play with it? Why? Well. I had mine a few days now and what an incredible device. I told my bro the thing is too big and too expensive, I dont'd need no stinkin quad core thing a ma jig. Now, I cud never go back to a small puny girly phone. I could go on and on about all the features and things it can do, but I think thats been covered.Now my wife wants one, what kind of monster is this? Save us.

THIS IS THE BEST PHONE EVER AS YOU CAN READ ON ALL THE REVIEWS BELOW, I BOUGHT IT 3 WEEKS AGO! IS SUPER FAST! THE SCREEN IS AMAZING, STYLUS IS GREAT! Im from mexico and a lot of friend want to to buy one of this now! If you are hesitating about getting this one! please dont! 10 times better than an iphone 1, 2 3,4 or 5!

First to buy junk &#34; I phone&#34; when they first came out, then moved to he note one.  That was a change from a cave man to the 1050's in technological jump.  Getting the note two is a jump to the Jetsons!!!Still learning, two processes at once, copy or use between two process running at the same time WOW

It's a good phone, and since i'm using Family Mobile it was worth just sticking with a 3g version anyway. But i've had many connection issues with this model and some google play store apps will tell me it's not supported and won't let me buy/download it despite the Galaxy note 2 being supported because i use the international version in the United States.

Coming from an iPhone 5 this thing is just amazing. So much more you can do with the thing. Productivity is through the roof. And true multitasking. I highly recommend it if you are considering making I the jump from an iphone. Excellent phone, not one disappointment.

As someone who has had every iphone sinse the first one, this is my first android based phone and while there are many actions that take more steps to complete the galaxy note 2 is a very goid embassador of the android family...

haven't had a problem since i bought the phone. I recommend this phone to any one that like a phone that can do anything

When I was first looking for a new phone, I didn't really give much thought in the Note 2 simply because it was so big. It didn't look practical to carry around let alone use it for just for web surfing or phone calls.  I even had the S3 for about a month before getting the Note 2 and I really liked the S3. Anyways, I decided I'd give it a try because I was in need of a new phone.All my concerns about size and practicality were proven wrong after just using it for a day.  I really really love this phone.  It is the BEST phone I ever had and I do not regret getting this one bit.  The screen size is perfect for web surfing which I do frequently.  I have an iPad 2 as well and I used to use it a lot more but I find myself more and more using the Note because the its just right in my pocket and the screen size is large e nough for me to not get annoyed of zooming in and out on other phones.The screen quality itself seems to be slightly more dull than the S3 but its hard to notice if you blast the screen to full brightness. The battery life is awesome too.  I used to have to download apps to do some battery saving but I can surf the web, play some games and watch an episode or 2 on netflix without having to charge my battery for most of the day.There is probably just one down side which is the pen that is included.  I find that the pen is just way too sensitive.  At times I will be 1/2 an inch away but it will still think I'm touching the screen.  It's a little annoying and probably my biggest pet peeve - so much so that I hardly ever want to use it.  It's hard to find reasons too though for me.Other than that, this is an amazing phone.  I don't think I would want to go back to a smaller screen after having this phone. It's just too fun to use.

I got this Samsung Galaxy note 2 in a seal broken box. Was highly disappointed with fact that phone was gray colored but the accessories were white.Clearly we got a opened piece and this is first time where I felt let down by Amazon.

Hail to Samsung! Apple has become the new Avis. A well thought and designed phone and computer. Glad I made the switch.

Great for web browsing and multimedia on the go. But you look ridiculous when making a phone call.  There are trade offs so be careful and think about what you'll use it most for.  It won't fit in a pocket comfortably.BTW, the instruction booklet is in French or Arabic.

Like the title says its a computer and phone packed into one device. I don't even use my computer any more cause I've got the note 2 now as a matter of fact I'm writing this review from my note 2 this phone is SUPER fast, the battery life is Fantastic and I'm a heavy HEAVY user and after a day full of heavy usage ill still have 30% battery life left. As of the screen  its not as big as everybody says it is and this is coming from a skinny ass boy lol it fits perfectly in my hand so its a big phone but its not TO big. This is the best smartphone on the market right now besides the GS3. If you dont get this phone I promise you you'll regret it.

the phone got on time.i recommend on this shop /the phone is great . i love it .

Sikh Sikh Sikh, simply the best and such a Sikh phone, so Sikh!! Heart and kisses from the misses. I love this phone with all my heart and soul, yes I do

Good product meet my demand i loc it i wll dedinately recommend it to friends. I got it on time and it works fine

So 2 months ago I buy this awesome phone, then my soft key LED's stop working and the touch screen has a dead spot, so I figure I'll just send it back and they'll fix it.  NOPE.  I send it to them, it's gone a little over a week, I get it back still broken, and now it has a awesome spot in the battery compartment that's missing paint that Samsung chipped off apparently during disassembly when they were 'providing customer service'.  They say its 'BER'. 'Beyond Economical Repair',  'GROSS ELECTROMECH DAMAGE-ABUSE'.  HUH?!?  Really?  It also says there was a 'pad lifted' inside, I'm guessing they're talking about a solder pad on the board.  This all from a new phone that was always in a case and never dropped or 'abused'.  My only guess is that it was messed up when it left the factory or during shipping, or during some fool at Samsung prying at the board (they did in fact chip the paint!  So I think that's totally possible), then it failed on me, and Samsung blames me for their manufacturing mistakes.  I watched the guy at the store open this device new and unpackage it, so it was not them.  Wow, great customer service.  Just do a Google search "Samsung bad service" and you'll see that I'm not the only one.  Buyer beware, Samsung refuses to help their customers.  Even Apple admits to their manufacturing flaws; dented phones, scratched screens reversed buttons, dead pixels...  but Samsung?  Nope, you, Mr. Customer, you broke it, and there's no way you can prove otherwise!  BER? It should be BPR, Beyond Profitable Repair.  This was the first and last time that I will EVER buy a Samsung anything.  On top of it all they totally voided my warranty, not like they had any intention of honoring it.  I'm also filing complaints with the state attorney generals office and the better business bureau.  Apple may have their downfalls with the junk iTunes and limitation of their devices, but I may just go back...

This phone is awesome!!!!  My only advice is I would be careful with which model number is going to work with your carrier.  I heard the Note 2 model 7100 works, but there is a slight software difference and I read (from multiple sites) it will not run the 4G speeds in the US.  Is it true??? I don't know.  I didn't risk it so I returned this model to seller.  I did buy a Note 2 from my carrier and the phone is awesome and I can't say enough good things about my phone.  If your into having the bigger screen and personally customizing your phone, I would say buy a Note 2.  My opinion is it's worth every penny.

This is the first time I ever write a review about a product. I just couldn't let everyone know how happy I am to have bought this device. Simply put, it is perfect.I now have no limitations when browsing the web. Sometimes some websites will send you to the mobile version of it which comes with some setbacks. Not on this phone. I access the desktop version of any web site and it works great. It plays the videos, open files,  let you login and more. The screen is great for reading.  The picture and video are high quality even under low light conditions.This device has replaced my previous cell, my camera, video camera, mp3 player and my laptop.I had some concerns about the size but after about a month using it, it all vanished.  The phone fits even in my skinny jeans pockets.All my colleagues are impress about the performance of this device. They like challenging what it can do and so far, no matter how hard they have tried,  they have not found something the Note 2 can't do.I am highly satisfied with my purchase.  The only problem is that my wife now wants one!

Love it!  Received it on time with no problems. Has been easy to learn and set up. Love writing with the Smartpen.

Samsung Galaxy Note II is excelent. For who is looking for a complete produt it is perfect. I recommend it.

There is nothing to say about this phoneIt's extraordinary legendary  awesome.If you are thinking to get a new smartphone, you are in the right place.You must have it, believe me

Great phone everything i always wanted from a computer right here in the palm of my hand.Now that is power.

I've had the note 2 for about 6 months now, and while it's not perfect, it's pretty amazing. We all know it's huge and it's got a lot of processing power, but here are some things, good and bad, that stand out to me.The good:-Snote is  nice, it's kind of like the post it notes you can use on your pc.-Split screen feature is pretty sweet, could use more support-Navigation is stellar (not really specific to this phone, but yeah I looove it)-All the different camera options like best face are great, why don't real cameras have that?-Nice, easy to use UI. I feel like it's pretty user friendly, I love the pulldown "notices" menu you can use at any time to see updates, texts, missed calls etc.-Spen surprisingly good, I've never used a stylus with anything, I find myself using this all the time, for swipe, for games, for shortcuts etc.-Streaming music is a breeze-Not sure if this is a plus for everyone but this phone integrates social media incredibly wellThe bad:-Gorilla glass...supposed to be pretty strong, and I've babied this phone, yet the gorilla glass is still getting scratched up. Get a screen protector.I also have a small crack in the corner of the screen, had it in my front pocket, too tight I guess? It's just above the bottom left corner, not sure if that location is significant in any way.-Battery, started off amazing for the first couple weeks, never let it drop to the "unsafe" levels of charge, but I did leave it charging all night. Now, even with gps/wifi off I can drain a battery within 6hours if I'm using it off and on most of the day. I'm not sure if that's normal, but I dislike the idea of having to actually charge during the day instead of just at night. With the screen off/phone idling, it barely consumes any power at all...I guess that screen really just eats up batteries...-Svoice is counterintuitive, you can't have it set up to activate from any screen or while the screen is off. Why have a voice program if you have to physically navigate to a certain screen just to use it? At that point you're just saving 1 more navigation step. Once you're actually in it, it's actually pretty laggy...this might be the only thing my phone has experienced performance issues with...kind of weird. That aside it's marginally reliable anyways, half the time you'll get what you want, the other half you'll be typing in what you wanted to do after mucking around with svoice for a couple of minutes.All in all I'm extremely happy with this phone, it has managed to fill the role of tablet, emergency camera, and phone for me, which is exactly what I wanted. My only significant gripe is the screen durability, but my screen still looks amazing even with the few blemishes I've gotten in the last half of a year.

I luv this cel! Even though people think the screen is big, the colors are awesome and i think is way much better than iphone! And it arrived so fast!!

MY PHONE WORKS GREAT!!!! I HAD A LITTLE SCARE IN THE BEGINNING BECAUSE I BOUGHT 2 AND THEY ARE ACTUALLY INTERNATIONAL PHONES BUT AFTER I TALK WITH SAMSUNG OVER THE PHONE I DECIDED TO BUY A STRAIGHT TALK SIM CARD. I BOUGHT T HE CARD AND CUT IT DOWN TO MICRO SIM SO THAT IT COULD FIT AND IVE BEEN ROCKING MY NOTEII EVERY SINCE!!! I LOVE IT. ITS THE BEST PHONE IVE EVER HAD

Using this phone on Straight Talk for $45.00 a month unlimited everything. What a great buy. Was considering the N7105 but it was just way to pricey. Very happy with this phone and the new stylus is AWESOME with the new button capability for added features. Split screening apps and Youtube video "overlay" on your existing screen is great.UPDATE: PHONE CAME DEFECTIVE. As a mobile electronics tech for a repair dept specializing in Android-based devices, I diagnosed this device as a faulty ROM chip on the mainboard. I have spent the last MONTH trying to return this device to the seller and have since filed an A-Z claim through Amazon (they have been MOST helpful) and the seller has been EXTREMELY difficult to deal with. Within the first 2 days they told me to simply contact Samsung about my defective device. At first I just wanted to exchange it for the same item, now I just want to get as far away from WorldWide Distributors as financially possible. BUYER BEWARE !!! Great phone but buy from different seller in case you receive a lemon like I did.

awesome phone works on Costa Rica (ICE), no connection drops or anything performs beastly with any game or app so far

I loved the phone but the box had a sticker saying it could only be used with US GMS carriers and inside the box there's a booklet saying I can only be used with European carriers.I am confuzzeled.

I returned the item because Sprint did not take this international phone.  The phone it self was nice wish i could have kept it. It also had a quad core huge points for me.  They were prompt and on time and took my return back with no problem.

This is the best phone I have ever owned. It serves more purpose than any phone I have ever owned.  I have downloaded every app on it that I have ever wanted with plenty of space left for many more.  The battery life is excellent. In most cases lasts for one or two full days. I couldn't be happier with any other phone.

unlocked to any carrier of US, but i don't know if i can use it out of US.the screen is perfect!but too many pre-installed softwares.

The phone is excellent. I have not been able to use most of the possibilities that this smart phone provides.

I already have one Galaxy Note N7000... Can't wait to get the new Galaxy Note II - White... Just Love it! Best large screen, processor, and OS 4.1 ever... Please, list Galaxy NOTE II White!

I have had my Note for the past two weeks and love it!. I'm able to use it for work and I actually use it more than my Computer now!. I will warn you that tto size is great, but it takes some getting used to.. I use the S -pen for web browsing, updating my facebook status, sending tot and taking notes.. I previously had the I phone 4 and it has nothing on this phone.. Love it !

I am an Apple fun&#8230; but I love the Samsung Galaxy Note II GT-N7100. Light. Great resolution. Multiple tasking. Appropriate for Designers, Architects and anybody that needs to work with design notes.

I had my phone for 6 months and it just died. When you buy an international phone it most likely will not be with a warranty. I have tried to get warranty service with no luck. Do your research and check it out. If you are going to buy I would strongly suggest insurance for the phone.

Hope it keeps trucking along for 2 years!  I love the large screen and it does fit in my pocket.....~  GREAT PHONE

The HD Super AMOLED display provides clarity, has a larger screen, but keeps your body lean that fits your hand perfectly. The quad-core processor 1.6 GHz integrated offers powerful performance and the S Pen offers several additional functions.

Nice. One of the best smarthphones on the market.I dont think a person with small hands would enjoy this phone. I do think, for comfort, you usually end up using two hands to handle this phone. Very responsive, beautiful screen. With google play, the apps are endless. Plus, there are many third party apps, that I did not know about until I got this phone. Samsung, itself, has an app store.Surprisingly, the S pen has come in handy. I did not think I would be using it, yet I have found that it is useful and feels natural when you write.Speaker is loud.CPU is very powerful, I have played two youtube videos at the same time and they both played smoothly. How I did this? Well, with this phone, one can have two apps on the screen; split screen. So I opened up the youtube app, and through google chrome went to the youtube website; I had two different videos playing simultaneously. Kind of dumb, because they are both playing out of the same speaker, but still, this demonstrates just how powerful it is.Overall, I am very happy with my purchase, and can see that a lot of people will be jealous when I pull this beast out :)

Excellent product, up to now i have no problem, the phone i recently boughted, but the experience until now was excellent

I've had this 'Phablet" (phone and tablet) since around the middle of December and it has become indispensible!Aside from the usual: camera, video recorder, voice recorder, calendar (which I find so convenient I've stopped using my paper diary), calculator, movie player, music player (total entertainment system really), WiFi, Bluetooth, internet, email, etc.: with the built-in stylus and S-Note I am never without something to jot a quick note whilst I'm on a call, doodle, draw multi-coloured pictures with a variety of nib sizes, or hand write notes in class.  I no longer have to carry a notebook to school, I have the notes for four subjects on my fabulous, phablet which I ALWAYS have with me. I can cut and paste from the screen and add it to an SMS or email message; or, whilst on a call, draw directions and send it to the person I'm speaking to with just a couple of clicks.  I may sound gushy, but I love this phone!  I really don't know what I did before I had it.Apps are unending: recipes, to-do-list, shopping lists, flashlight (using the camera flash), several versions of the Bible, an office app to do spreadsheets, word processing and even power-point, dictionaries, translator, currency converter, Kindle, Skype, you name it, it's on my phone.I bought a 64GB memory card at the same time and have loaded NCIS Series 8 (over 20 shows); Suits series 1 & 2; loads of music and pictures, and around 10 full-length movies so I am never bored.I also bought a Zenus Color Point Wallet Case with it: so . . you guessed it, it's also my wallet, I no longer carry a seperate wallet, i have all my cards in it and a few dollars for cash purchases.I have even sold my iPad 2 as I found I wasn't using it anymore, I can do everything on the Note 2 (ok, the screen's amaller than the iPad, but I can still comfortably watch movies on it), AND without the case full of cards and money, it fits into my shirt pocket.My Note 2 has also replaced my internet service provider as my phone company has 4g, I just tether and use it as a hotspot with my laptop anywhere I go (I have an unlimited plan), and it's FAST, faster than my previous internet service.  Did I tell you I LOVE this phablet?Oh yes, the phone works great too. :-)  Clear as a bell, great reception, I've been using the headphones that came with it for calls as well as entertainment media as the phablet IS a little large to put to my ear.  However, the microphone on them appears to be failing (they have lasted longer than any other headphones I've ever had, I'm pretty rough on them), lately people are saying I sound faint unless I hold the mike to my mouth.Battery life is awesome, especially with Power Saving on, I've gone 3 days without charging if I don't use it as a hotspot or watch a movie (hotspot drains it FAST, even with P.Saving enabled).After 3 months I am still finding new things it can do, or that I can do on it (there's an S-Voice controller, and gesture controls which I haven't got around to using yet).If you just want to make a call, this phone is not for you as the learning curve is kinda steep (I HATED it the first week I had it as I was replacing my BB Torch which had stopped working and it took me a while to fugure out how to use my new android), but if you don't mind a pretty steep learning curve, with total satisfaction at the end of it, this is the device for you.

I really enjoy playing and working with my galaxy. It exceeded my expectactions! I  would recommend it. It worth the price.

I've had this phone for a week now and I love it! Best phone ever! I really can't say anything else that isn't already written.  I have set this phone up using Straight Talk and my number from Verizon ported in minutes and I am never looking back!This screen is big enough to see and use but still the size of my check book so I can carry it with me.  Taking notes at a conference people asked what it was.  A woman at work saw it and I told her I "Yeah, I just dragged that video from my computer...no Ifriggin tunes" She was more and more bummed about her iphone as I told her about the phone and showed her what it did.  In the end she was "I feel bad about wanting to leave apple now."There are idevices, TomTom devices, and Nokia devices I wish I hadn't purchased now...If only I knew this was coming!Update: 11/19/2012  Phone is still great..but the case I had purchased for it used a magnet to hold clasp down.  Thought at first ok cool.  Then I found the spen acted funny.  Could not draw a straight line from one side to the next.  The line would go strange angles on one side.  Then I removed the phone from the case and hey straight lines across the whole screen!  Keep magnets away!  I hope no permanent damage to the phone has been done.  Seems stupid design of case!  Phone awesome, separate case sucks so just warning to be careful when buying a case made for note II.

The size grow on you within a few days..All other phones feel like toys there on..If you love Tech there is always something new to try on this phone..It will make you forget your Tablets if you own one..One of the only phones on the market that still turn heads..check out my Video reviews on my YouTube Chanel...First look https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQZjn4U4lgY12 hrs later  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFDZxENFqF8

I bought this phone for my mom on mother's day. We have Verizon and I read the description up and down yet still never saw anything stating that it's not Verizon compatible!! Long story short, phone did come on time, didn't work at all for Verizon because Verizon specifically makes their phones a certain way so that international versions will not work, returned it, and the &#34;small fee&#34; they said was to be taken upon return was about $100!!?!?! Ridiculous!!!! Never again...

The product matched the specifications,  and arrived on time.  About the Samsung Note 2 itself,  it's my upgrade from samsung galaxy Note N7000. Big improvement in battery performance and speed,  better,  stylus design,  now with led notification.  Overall very happy with the product and the seller.

This is a great phone. I've never liked the touchscreen phones because as I type a lot and have big fingers, I always ended up misspelling words. The bigger screen of the Note II makes typing much easier, and if I want extra accuracy I can use the S-Pen. About the other features, I guess the other reviewers have covered them pretty well. Buy it, you won't regret it.

What can I say, I think this is my favorite phone I've ever used. It's really surpassed my expectations. After a long battle with choosing what type of phone I wanted to utilize (I had the Droid Ultra, Droid Mini, and then went back to using my old iPhone 4S. I wasn't really thinking of changing to a new device but found one at a decent price (NOTE2) and decided to buy it.At first, the phone seemed humungus. Now whenever I use a phone such as an iPhone, they just seem small to me. The size doesn't matter a bit, it's a nice size for movies and games. The battery has proven to be the best of any phone I've ever owned (and there's been a lot of phones in my life, lol)Three annoyances, which I've been able to fix, are the S-widget bar on the left side of the screen. I figured out if you hold the back key in for 2 seconds the S-widget bar will disappear and not come back on unless the battery is removed or the back button is held another additional two seconds.The next con, is the water noises when the screen is touched. I figured out how to turn that off in the sound settings.The final gripe which annoyed the you know what outta me the first time I got this phone is the predictive text. It comes in handy for things such as Im translates to I'm, etc. But it doesn't understand what you wanna say, for example, if you say someones name the phone isn't farmiliar with in a text, the phone basically changes it to the word IT thinks you should make it to be. The way to fix this is to tap the word you want and then click out of that word, and press the space bar and continue on with your text message or email. I wish there would be a way to just shut that part off and leave the corrections on abbreviations on.Most of these things I'm sure are fixed by upcoming software updates, or new models,but I've made due with what i have, and what I have is an excellent phone.The best case you can get is a Platinum Case from Best Buy. I got mine on clearance as they were discontinuing this phone (a little bummed that I won't be under the XLTE requirements) but the case only cost me 5$.I keep the S-pen in the hole on the bottom of the phone because who wants a hole on the bottom of their phone?, But I've used it one time, but I just feel that you can do most of the work by just the touchscreen, I think that Samsung could have worked better in the finish department, my bezel is worn and the S-PEN &#34;upholstery&#34; was completely gone within a week or two, no joke.The phone is a tough (did get this moist once) good choice for you. And the screen never disappoints. I'm one of those people that constantly changes their phones because of new phones coming out, or reasons of stuff wrong with their old/current phone, but I really can't find a reason to switch with this one. I'll probably purchase the note4 when it comes out. The two things I've found wrong with it so far, are that it runs hot, like excruciatingly hot after a couple hours of gaming (I travel by train a lot for work) and that the S-pen chips away. The battery holds great, I am a &#34;power'user&#34; and I get mostly 3-4 days in heavy use. Work has said that they will switch to iPhones sometime soon and I've yet to see if that's something I actually want to do, because this thing is so perfect it's hard to believe.

I ordered samsung galaxy note 2 and requested delivery in USA but they delivered the phone with Indian style charger (with no adapter to use it in america of course) and with pamphlets printed in Arbic language. I am not sure if I got a genuine piece of hardware and if its packaging (as samsung manufactured) has not been tempered.

The best phone i have ever had! I wish it could be a little cheaper but otherwise the best of the best so far!

I love the size of my phone, it's great to see a website without having to blow up the screen so big I can only see 3 words at a time. It's a good size still to watch tv and movies on if you need to. It's easier to see facebook and games. It still fits in my pocket just fine. I don't see myself using the pen as much as I originally had thought. It is nice to have though. Especially when I need to fill out a document and sign it for work. I can do it all on my phone without printing and scanning.

I purchased a Samsung Galaxy Note II GT-N7100 unlocked international phone on August 2, 2013 from TechGiant and fulfilled by AMAZON.Today, October 17, 2013, it has stopped working. When I power up my phone, it displays the banner screen ('Samsung Galaxy Note II GT-N7100') repeatedly forever. When I removed the battery and put it back into the phone. The same thing happens again.I contacted Samsung USA and they told me that they will not support the phone because it was made in the UK and they gave me the SAMSUNG UK telephone number. When I contacted Samsung UK, they told me that from the IMEI number that the phone was made in South Africa. I asked them to give me the SAMSUNG South Africa telephone number and they told me that they did not know the telephone number.So my phone is now a piece of trash.This phone worked less than three months. While it worked, it was great and has very nice features. But it was not worth spending $500.00 for a phone that only worked for less than three months.

I was very disappointed with the product as it can only be used  as a Sprint telephone. It is unlocked but not  compatible with AT&T, T-Mobile. The add was misleading

This phone is simply outstanding. I have owned and used many different phones over the years and I can honestly say this one beats them all. I'm a middle aged man with weakening eyes and less dexterity than I once had so my current phone (that was a good fit just two years ago) is just to small to for me to easily see the information being displayed. I guess you could say I grew out of it. LOLI looked at the iPhones and the Galaxy SIII but neither of those had the computing power as the Galaxy Note 2. The LARGE 5.5&#34; screen makes it very easy to see things at a glance. I find that I don't have to zoom in on websites as often as I use to because the S-pen allows me to click on the links and buttons easier.I know this phone's developers had the younger generation in mind when they were designing it but let me tell ya, it's a wonderful tool for us older farts too (Thanks Samsung).I find it difficult to choose which features I want to comment on because I like so many of them. All I can tell you is you wont be disappointed with this phone.There is one minor thing that is worth mentioning though. When I powered my phone on for the first time everything was in Japanese. This was a bit surprising to me because the GT N7100 was suppose to be for the North American market. Now, since I don't read Japanese and my unfamiliarity of the phone I couldn't navigate to the settings to change the language to English so I had to search online for an how how-to video showing me how to get to the settings to make the appropriate changes. It took a little time to find but I managed to get it all taken care of.As usual, Amazon shipped it ahead of schedule, it arrived in three days.

I just upgraded from the original Galaxy Note. No regrets!!! this phone is awesome. What else can I say? When you open the box there is a feeling of awe you can not describe. It is really a beautiful piece of hardware. Highly recommended. I bought it from Negri Electronics through Amazon  Payments.

This Samsung Galaxy Note II GT-N7100 - factory unlocked- will not work on either Cincinnati Bell wireless or on Verizon Wireless.

I love this phone just for the screen.  I had Apple products for the longest time and still miss my iPhone at times but the screen size is just not comparable. I wouldn't even mind if it was bigger, but past that point it wouldn't fit in my pocket.Overall great phone, fast, bright, durable(I have dropped it many times).

The Droid OS is amazing; I just wish I had gotten it on a more durable phone like the Razr Maxx I replaced this one with. The Note II is made to be dropped--it's seriously like the thing is oiled before it leaves the factory-- and it will crack very very easily, and stop working shortly thereafter. I know this from experience, and I expect better from a $700 piece of technology (I don't want to hear this crap about I should have paid another 30 dollars for a semi-protective case that should already be on the phone when you buy it, I mean, come on it replaces the battery). As someone who has owned everything from the Nokia 3360 (indestructible) to the Iphone 4, this is the most expensive and least durable phone I have ever seen, by far. The stylus and note-taking features were the initial draw for me, but the program for taking notes is setup very poorly, and you can't take notes on a phone that doesn't work. Now I am just sad I wasted my upgrade on this "phablet"; so much so that I elected to pay 200 for a refurbished Motorola, rather than paying for the Samsung repair. I will be getting a Xyboard for all my note taking, internet surfing needs (which, by the way, is also cheaper than the Note II).Also, Samsung has very bad customer service, and is known for cheapening out on their products. It takes a class action lawsuit (literally) to get them to address their own design flaws.

Holy Cow Batman. If he had this phone back in the day he'd be the man. Large screen is fantastic. I watch Slingbox and Netflixs 24/7 so this is great. Also, it has NFC so when google wallet comes out for it you can use it as a ATM card! The pen is great, you no longer ever need a piece of paper anymore to take down a phone number or note.  That said the phone also will save the planet. My only complain is the home button is this huge spring action button with the Verizon logo.

First time around I bought this phone on random selection for the Seller. According to the title of this phone it's Factory Unlocked, it is not specified as an international model in the title or the description. Only way to know that it is international is by researching the model number or looking more closely at what each individual seller description is.The first phone I got was from FGS Trading, I didn't know it was international until after I received the phone and when it turned on, it was in Mandarin. I had to google and youtube a video in order to walk me through setting the phone into English, imagine the hassle. I contacted this Seller about the issue, also that the phone was not syncing with my computer because the ID Hardware was not identifiable. The Seller refused to take back the phone without charging me extra and finally after almost 2 months of debating the issue with the seller, through Amazon's A-to-Z Claim I ended up getting a full refund. Tom is the name of the customer service agent from FGS who I spoke to and demonstrated over the exchange of 30 + emails that he clearly is not fit for customer service. For him, his company is always right and I was the airhead who didn't do my research into this phone.THE SELLER does not follow their 100% money back guarantee unless they are forced to and their customer service is lacking, if they were competent it would not have taken nearly 2 months to resolve the issue. This seller also does not offer return labels for the assurance that an item can be shipped back to them, they only provide an address. You have to pay for your own shipping, insurance and signature on the package just to make sure the Seller gets back their phone. **Buyer beware, if you purchase an international model SAMSUNG USA will not cover this phone under their warranties. In order for me to get any service on this phone I would have had to send it all the way back to Hong Kong. The Seller does not provide you with this information. All they cared about and clearly demonstrated was that they got their money so they no longer need you or positive feedback. In one of the email exchanges from the Sellers' agent, he told me that MOST CONSUMERS KNOW this phone is international and that they are happy with the phone they received and since I am unhappy/unsatisfied/clueless its my own fault because I did not do my research. Does that mean that those who posted similar reviews are clueless as well??? :(Now here's the kicker, I re-purchased this phone because I have wanted it for a really long time, BUT since I did not want to run into the same problem, I did my purchase with Amazon customer service on the phone.  Now, the Amazon agent was not aware that this phone was international either. World Wide Distribuitors did not have it labeled or specified as an international phone. I re-bought the phone only because it was assumed to be US Coded. The Amazon agent advised me that it was, otherwise the Seller must disclose that it is international.BOY!! were we wrong... I did not find out this phone was international until it was already in transit to me. The seller finally responded to my inquires 3 days after I made my purchase to inform me it was international. I immediately contacted the Seller by phone and the customer service person- Juan, who I spoke to was very nice. He told me to simply refuse the package. Aslong as the item remained unopened/unused and still in its original factory shipped form I would get a full refund.I followed his instructions and anticipated a full refund minus the shipping fee I paid. That did not happen. Upon my second phone contact with the seller, the first agent was not helpful, he informed me that I was subject to a restocking and a return shipping fee. At this point I requested to speak to a supervisor to justify why I was receiving two sets of information and how it was even LEGAL for the Seller to charge those fees.The supervisors name was Melissa, she was definatley NOT helpful. In fact, this person was unprofessional, rude and very condescending. Melissa informed me 1) my product was subject to a restocking fee and since the item was returned I would have to pay for that cost as well, 2) I could not contest it because it was a company policy clearly listed on Amazon's website and 3) Even if I filed an A-to-Z claim it would be denied immediately because the policies they have are all Amazon pre-approved. This person was snarky, rude and beyond tolerable. Melissa even refused to give me any company information in order to file a BBB claim. When I told them I would take the matter back to Amazon, she told me she would be happy to transfer me to Amazon customer service so that I can hear Amazon tell me that my refund request would be denied since I obviously needed to hear it from two sources.Two weeks have gone by since my purchase from World Wide and Amazon granted me a full refund since I refused this package. Amazon also gave me a promotional gift in the amount of the original shipping fee for the trouble I have encountered with the Seller. I have also submitted a BBB claim against this Seller and my complaint can be viewed publicly. So I suppose, in the end, Melissa, if you see this post, you were wrong.It's a shame really. I have wanted this phone for a long time and finally saved up enough to get it. Times are hard, cash is not expendable for most consumers and this purchase was a luxury item purchase for me. I never expected to get so much trouble. When I did have the phone, it was a wonderful experience since I had never had something before that could do so much. It played movies, music, took wonderful pictures, writing instead of using the qwerty board to text was awesome. I really love this phone but I will not sign a contract to have it :(.... Too bad that all the factory unlocked are international models.

Great phone, fast shipping. I will definately but this phone again. This is the best phone i have seen my entire adult life

The service is very good and fast and the not 2 it self is amazing its the most beautiful phone I ever had

This may be the last smartphone that I may need. I have my own business, and before I had to travel with my laptop and or tablet. All I need now is my Samsung Galaxy Note 2. It can handle my spreadsheets, help me edit drawings and pictures. I have the wallet looking case that houses the unit. So now my credit card, driver's license, business cards are all together with my phone. Love it. Also, switched to a new provider by the name of SOLAVEI. Their service is $49 per month. That is for no contract, unlimited service on the T-Mobile network. They are customer driven. You actually get $20 back each month for every three members you get to enroll. So if you enroll 9 members you will get back $60 each month from Solavei. They're relying on the members to utilized their social network to advertise. Check them out at [...]

I gave it a 5 because its the best phone i ever owned, and I also own a i-phone. I appreciate the bigger screen for browsing and watching movies. Still learning about all the cool things this phone can do, only problem is that i can't put it down and my wife complains about me spending too much time on the phone.

The list of amazing is WAY too long to type! You will LOVE this phone! See also my review on  Samsung Galaxy Note II N7100 Unlocked GSM International Version White

Let's say the phone fits almost exactly in all my pants, even dress pants. I like to carry it on my pants front pocket when I'm not wearing jacket. If you can handle this, then you are in heaven: the screen is BIG, can see everything perfectly, can enlarge every font you want, the battery lasts for day and a have with constant use, very well constructed, like the sPen (but don't use it as much), calls rarely drop (iphone was a pain), call sound is perfect, love the widgets and customizations, video is perfect, can now enjoy browsing internet, can add storage easily and very cost effective, can change battery on long travels, etc.I can't believe the difference with my iPhone 4S. I have found the Android OS 4.1 very intuitive, easier to use, and... CAN DO AND CHANGE WHATEVER I WANT!!!.  Now, every time I see an iPhone 5, looks to me like an ancient stone age blacberry with old icons, tiny screen and short battery. What a difference!!!

YOU CAN'T IMAGINE HOW POWERFULL THIS MACHINE IS!!! IPHONE 5 ???  NEVER MIND. YOU WILL FORGET APPLE FOREVER AFTER A WEEK WITH THE GALAXY.

Though it doesnt have best screen resolution, however for the price and size of display it is good enough.The size of display gives enough comfort for internet browsing. Everything is as expected from a Android smartphone.

I bought this phone for my little sister.She lves to draw and i thought the Spen and all the awesome features this phone has are perfect for that. Well she Loves it. She has gotten a bunch off different apps for drawing and she uses it for homework or anything else she might need. The screen is perfect size for watching movies and shows.  It makes me wanna trade in my gs3 for one of these.

The phone is huge, it's not a featherweight.After about a week I felt like there is no going back to a smaller screen, it no longer even seems large to me.The S-Pen is a blessing, so much more comfortable to scribble than to type into a touch-screen, so easy to capture part of a screenshot, to take notes during a phone call.NFC is great too - never knew anything about it until i got the phone, now i use NFC tags in my car, my house my office.Batter life is so much better than any smart-phone - no way you can drain it in one day!

I am not a expert but wow, what a phone. Not only is it a beautiful piece of equipment, the options it offers, the speed in which it easily maneuvers between the various programs, totally amazing. Highly recommend the product to anyone who might need an all-in-one package. Love the phone.

Bought mine about 6 months now, and as usual i left it charging overnight and one morning it was dead, later I've learned that this was SDS sudden death syndrome that affects galaxy note 2 and galaxy s3. Never happened anything like this before with any of my other cellphones (even samsung). Dont take my words as truth, just do some research in the web before purchasing this phone

My Samsung Galaxy note II came in a timely manner actually came before the scheduled earliest delivery day. The only short coming that it came with a car charger curly wire instead of regular wire but ill live. kudos

This phone is perfect. It just fits into my pocket like a phone should but I can use the internet properly on it and so on. The s-note feature is very useful for to-do lists shopping lists etc. Screen is the best I have ever seen on a mobile phone. If you need the pen feature to make the phone practical for your uses then this is the one. If you don't plan to use the pen then maybe the s3 or s4 are big enough and will do everything that this one will. I will keep this phone for a long time.

I bought it for a gift to take on an overseas trip.  I did not get to use it but I hear it is great.

Terrible customer service..... The equipment did not work with pop mails, it erases the email without reading, it's not a problem of configuration. This device apparently has this problem. Additionally we tried to contact the seller several times and did not get any answer. To top this, Samsung America does not help you with a solution to any problem regarding an unlocked phone because this equiptment comes from another provider outside America. Very disported overall.

Everything I need and more. Love the large screen. Using this phone on Consumer Cellular Service and it works great! [...]

Love this phone. Big screen easy to use has everything you would need. Camera produces sharp pictures love the front and back camera Is it big but this is the phone I wanted  Everyone is very jealous

it is the smartest phone+tablet ever ! good job sammyto make home button faster go to s-voice app and remove check on the option under language and BAMMM it is flying now ain't ya

THIS PHONE IS GREAT. I HAVE IT HOOKED UP THRU STRAIGHT TALK USING AT&T. I'VE HAD NO PROBLEMS WITH IT AND I AM COMPLETELY SATISFIED.

It's french version and NO 4G LTE. The cover is plastic.....It's thin and light weight....So far for this price, you should buy it

This was bought as an upgrade to my Galaxy Note. The phone arrived on time and I love it. I had some initial issues with the s-pen being overly sensitive but I fixed it by opening it up and adjusting the potentiometer. Apart from that, I'm enjoying using this great phone.

I am using it with net 10 service and can not be happier..It is fun, efficient and super responsive.  A great substitute for my lap top in easy to read/use format.

I love my phone. I have had it approximately 11 months now, purchased two days after release from the sprint store.However, whatever Samsung has done to it's drivers has caused me so much wasted time and effort that I'm now typing this as a warning.This is a fresh format of Windows 7 Ultimate, with freshly updated drivers etc. Samsung provides 'drivers' in two ways: one, a minimal typical driver installation direct from manufacturer. This fails to install on Windows 7. Two, via Samsung Kies, a media device manager to provides synch funtions for your phone. This fails to connect.I've spent over 4 hours with tech support now, done countless uninstall re-install reboot cycles, FORMATTED my PC, and am still left with a phone I cannot transfer my music to anymore. Four months ago it worked. Now it doesn't.I'd return the phone now if I could.I give it 2/5 stars, only because everything else about this phone is fantastic- except I can't use anything that requires a USB connection to my PC.And yes Samsung Lovers, kies via AIR works, however I can't use Songbird to manage my music that way, it's painfully slow, KIES doesn't support importing playlists (unless WMP), nor does it support .flac (instead of MP3), and I don't think I should have to convert gigs of music to .mp3 so I can minimally use synching capability that's painfully slow. Android works with other synch tools- this phone doesn't.

The company was efficient in shipping. Phone was not tarnished in any way. The only downside was that I did have to acquire a Microsim card. However, the description of the product discloses that only the original accessories are included. Therefore, I was already informed prior to purchase. My phone carrier was able to provide me with the device anyway. I only write reviews after experiencing the product for a duration of time. After having the phone for a few months now,  I am very satisfied with the purchase.

It is a good size screen so he can see his videos, holds music, apps, etc.  stylish. Not great price, but all phones are ridiculous these days.

This phone is literally the best phone in existence, with twice the battery of the Iphone, a quad core 1.6GHz exynos 4 processor, 2GB of ram, an amazing non-pentile 720p super amoled display, and the newest flavor of android(jelly bean). This phone is not as big as you might think, I actually wish it was about an inch bigger but I have huge hands. The build quality is nice and feel solid despite its plastic composition. The gorilla glass on the screen is very hard and has resisted scratches from falls to concrete (a couple feet on accident). Overall, this is the best phone money can buy so I hope you enjoy it.

Review is not particularly about the note 2 that is being sold on Amazon or a third party. I wanted to share my experience with each of you one on one. I will go over BATTERY, CASE, etc so the review will have some overview. As far as pros and cons go it really just depends on your needs. For me the pros are size of screen and multi-window; and the cons are slow software updates and not many accessories. I hate it when I had a hard time choosing what really mattered to me so I put links to two different competitors with their benefits.This one has the most accessories in the market and will get updates frequently.Apple iPhone 5 16GB (Black) - UnlockedThis one has the most authentic android experience and will get updates frequently.LG E960 Google Nexus 4 Unlocked GSM Phone, 16Gb, International Version/Warranty BlackBATTERY:I can not imagine my life without this piece of technology. This is an amazingly obvious choice for multi-taskers. I am thinking of getting a bigger battery because the stock 3100 mAh is nothing. I can see myself buying the 9300 mAh batteries out there and not thinking twice about the size difference. I make sure to turn the screen and all options to medium settings or lower; unfortunately, since I am a multi-tasker it will only last for 5 hours maybe less. It is a cellphone, a smaller tablet, surveillance system monitor, navigation tool, art tool, movies, games, music, Youtube, and the largest screen out there for a reasonable price ($300 to $700).Here is a big battery 3100 mAh.Samsung Galaxy Note 2 II Standard Battery (3100mAh) - BlackHere is a bigger battery 6200 mAh.Hyperion Samsung Galaxy Note II 6200mAh Extended Battery + Titanium Grey Back CoverHere is a bigger/ist battery 9300 mAh.ZeroLemon Samsung Galaxy Note II 9300mAh Extended Battery + Free Black Extended TPU Full Edge Protection CaseAPPS:I would recommend dropbox for pictures. I would recommend clean master for memory issues. You can download Minecraft PE, also can play ps1 (psx4droid), you can play n64 (n64oid), and plants vs zombies. (why not?) Earlier I mentioned a security camera monitor, I have a surveillance system for the outside of my house and I can see my house at all times, I use multi window (tinycam monitor free w/ wifi or 4g lte) with youtube and just chill at the doctor's office. I also like to do tinycam monitor over 4g lte  for surveillance and do Maps for navigation on multi window. Remember this is a gadget for adults so I would not recommend letting your kid play with it or you may have to block in app purchases to be safe. Here are a few apps that can go multi-window.kindlechromedolphin browsergmailfreecell solitairesudoku visionble heart rate minitortinycam monitor freeyoutubegreaderreddit is funandroid file managerandroid task managerevernoteip cam viewer promapsvideo players notemessaginggmailgallerynote to gdocsdiscount calculatorfacebook (doesnt come preinstalled, funny)twitterstags mobilecpu-zS PEN:The S Pen is a little small, should have been bigger honestly, it uses an electromagnetic circuit behind the screen not a separate battery. There is a button on the side and a tip that is pressure sensitive. If you begin to use your S Pen you can simply hold the button down and touch the screen for more than a second and it takes a screen capture. If you forget it and begin to walk away the tablet will vibrate letting you know the S Pen is near but not plugged in.Here is an article on how the S Pen works and how it helps us with our everyday activities.[...]CASE:I have heard from a few reviews that you can get a case from Samsung, a magnetic one. That does not interest me since I mainly favor productivity and multi-tasking.  You can ditch your wallet and buy a case with a wallet. You can buy a water, dust proof one (I have Jump from T-mobile so I do not care if I drop it, I will probably trade it in after a year or two). You can find a keyboard case to use it as a dependable business tool. You can also find a car mount for it if you need to, keep in mind some cases may be too bulky to use with the car mount.Here is a case that you can use as a wallet.Fall Fashion Accessory for your New Samsung Galaxy Note 2 II/N7100: Elegant black vegan leather wallet-style case (Includes Identity Stronghold credit card protection sleeve)Here is a case that you can use for more defense/dropping/playing/handling.OtterBox Defender Series Hybrid Case and Holster for Samsung Galaxy Note 2 - GlacierHere are some screen protectors x3 in a pack.eForCity Reusable Screen Protector Compatible with Samsung Galaxy Note 2 N7100, 3-PackAccessories:There are not too many accessories out there for phones 4.3 inches and bigger. That is a great advantage for the iPhone series, droid series, or nexus series. I would wager that the majority of accessories you would need can be arranged and shipped from Amazon or a third party. You might want to consider an authentic experience with such an expensive device. If you are charging a lot of technology make sure to use a surge protector, these are expensive pieces of technology and it would not be fun to wake up and see your charged phone does not turn on due to some electrical mishap.Here is a charger and usb to mini usb cord.Samsung OEM 2.0 Amp Travel Charger with Detachable Micro USB Cable for Samsung Galaxy Note, Galaxy Note 2 II, Galaxy S3 S III, Galaxy S3 Mini & Other SmartphonesHere is a car mount.Mediabridge UltraLight Smartcradle For Samsung Galaxy Note II - Universal Phone Cradle - Dashboard and Windshield Car Mount

I purchased a Samsung Galaxy Note II last November from a reputable online retailer here in the US. Last week, not even ten months after the original purchase, the phone stopped working.When I try to power up my phone, it displays the banner screen ('Samsung Galaxy Note II GT-N7100'), but then it stops there. It never leaves the banner screen, it never dims, it's just stuck there.I've tried removing/replacing the battery, SIM card, and flash RAM card, I've tried (unsuccessfully) to get into Recovery Mode, all of these with and without the phone plugged into the charger. Nothing I try works.I contacted Samsung USA, only to be told that Samsung USA will not support the phone because it originated in the UK. When I contacted Samsung UK, they informed me that they will not support their devices when used outside their country, and advised that I contact Samsung USA or my retailer. Of course, the retailer won't help me - they didn't manufacture the product.For $645, I purchased a nice phone that served me well. Through no fault of my own, it has inexplicably died, and Samsung will not even discuss the problem with me.As you can imagine, I am extremely disappointed in Samsung. While their products are arguably the best in the Android world, their interest in their customers - and repeat business - seems to be very limited. I have never witnessed such blatant neglect of responsibility for a product this new, costing this much.Why would I ever want to buy another Samsung product - much less recommend Samsung products to those I know - if this is how they treat their customers?I own a Samsung monitor and a Samsung TV. I sure hope they last longer than my phone. Because of my experience with this phone, I have little faith in Samsung standing behind any of their products.My advice to everyone is to AVOID Samsung products. This company is not worthy of your trust.

Great buy, bought this for a samsung fan and he likes the phone ! Thx Samsung for the creation of Note

-by now 1 month had gone and it still working fine.Will have to see how will it be in the future.great phone

After 8 months of owning the device, it has destroyed two 64GB memory cards. Both cards failed after a few weeks of usage, were basically loaded with media file to play. Whatever, I stopped using the phone for media. Now, on my eight month of usage, the phone has decided that it can not be charged beyond 15-17% while the phone is on. If I turn the phone off, I can charge it, otherwise it is useless. The low paid morons at the Verizon store were of no help, they would not offer to replace or repair the phone. While I didn't buy the piece of junk on Amazon, I feel compelled to warn as many people as I can about this terrible device. I'm not even going to mention all the various bugs and problems with the Android operating system. YUCK!

I purchase that phone for me and my husband, I love it my husband love it I  recommend that product.

I have never seen that before ??? I used this galaxy for 2 hours and then I got a message to update the software I press OK then .... its DIE ....the galaxy now just flashing with words ( samsung galaxy note II ) thats it !!!!!!!what I have to do now ?

I choose to give it a 5 stars because the end product is what I expected it to be.  I had to print out the user's manual just to figure out all the bells and whistles on this phone/tablet.  It would be great if they added a DVD with the phone and demonstrate each particular features and how to use it.  The only negative side of this would be the cheap plastic enclosure on the back.  If that was made with something like aluminum, that would of been even better.

Even though this is one of the best Android mobile phones in the market, with very nice set of functions, and good performance,  unfortunately, it has an easily breakable glass screen. Yes, it is a very nice looking, but too fragile for a mobile phone. I have used many phones, and normally it drops off, slips off from time to time, and I never had any a major issue with any phone. My new Galaxy Note 2 was dropped on the floor, from no more than 50cm height, and the screen was totally smashed like a low quality watch face.After a little search for a solution ( phone calls, & online), I was really surprised, when i found that it was a common problem with Galaxy Note, and Galaxy S3, even with a protection case.The company should recognize that customers purchase hardware for the service they get, handheld devices are expected to drop often, so the designers should consider this fact. or at least provide a protection case or a rubber frame for free in the box ( which will cost them less than $1).I gave only two stars, because the value of all nice functions will be of less value if i need to use the device with special extra care,worrying not to break it all the time,  or if I need to pay extra for the expensive repair(s), then the price will be too high for these functions.This is like, having an excellent expensive meal, while you have to stand on one leg to eat it.

grat phone, i buy from Chile

Absolutely the best phone I have bought to date. It has a good camera and the battery life is great, I can get through at least 2 days without a recharge.Pros: large screen and S-penCons: NoneI definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a new phone with all the bells and whistles.

Excelente cell I'm so glad, nice video quality, super processor velocity, good dimension, all than I want in a Cellphone

Fantastic phone!  Love the fact that it gets all the Updates immediately, rather than waiting for US carriers!  No bloatware and works perfectly with StraightTalk with AT&T sim (also from StraightTalk).  Blows my brother's SGSIII away :) !!!  I was leery about about 3rd-party seller (my paranoia), even though the sale happens through Amazon, but everything worked out great.

I won't rehash everything everyone else said. This is a good phone. I am a big guy and have big hands. Fits in my pocket fine. No problems there. This phone saved me from having to get a tablet too. Why have both. Very easy for my small kids to use and keep them occupied.ProsSuper fast and responsiveBig clear screenCons - None of these are deal breaks. More tiny things that Samsung would be smart to fix.Phone back cover is slippery. I have had it slide of things to the floor and almost out of my hand multiple times.Wish camera lens was in the middle of the phone instead of at end. Close to edge. It is awkward to hold a phone taking pics without getting fingers in the way.The Samsung flip case is awkward when taking pics and video as it has to hang down instead of flipped in back (as it would cover the lens). It looks kind of dorky so I removed it.Maybe need to move the microphone. Sometimes people can't hear me on a call. The phone is so big my mouth is a long way from the bottom of the case where the microphone is.Seriously. Let us remove the shutter click and video start/stop noise. I know it is illegal to turn off in some countries. But in a quiet school auditorium taking pics of my kids the sound is SUPER loud and obnoxious to the people around me!Best Shot as a camera setting is not persistent. I have to select it every time. Annoying. As it leads into the next con.High resolution leads to a LOT of blurry video (on movement) and camera pics (have to keep it SUPER still)- Best Shot works the best. Usually one of them isn't blurry.A lot of App screen option are at the top. Like Delete in email. Goofy since your thumb is nearer the bottom. Almost forces you to use two hands. This should be adjustable to bottom if you want.I can't believe this next one was missed in every design QA session. Lay the phone flat on a tabletop. Push on the right hand side with your finger. The phone rocks! It doesn't lie flat. The phone is big so i often lay it down on my desk to work on it and it rocks every time I press on it near the right side with a finger or stylus. The reason you ask? Bottom left back is a hole for the phone speaker. The bar that covers the middle of the hole in the back cover is convex instead of flat. So the whole phone rocks on that point in the back. Weird miss...

This product did not work. Not only did it not work with a major Canadian cell phone service provider (Bell Canada), it would not function properly even on a technical basis. I was lucky that the company provided me a full refund.

I bought this for my boyfriend's birthday.  He loves it so much.  It took a couple of months to learn to work all the special features, but once you take the time to do that it is incredible.  Don;t buy it if you want a simple phone.  Buy it is you want a phone that can do anything.  It has a really big screen which is good for seeing the small stuff.  I love the burst mode when you take pics.

Register Questions for eveyone just bought Samsung Galaxy Note II GT-N7100 Factory Unlocked 16GB phone from amazon.com1, Did anyone registered your phone before you use?2, If the phone Stop working or having Technical problems within one year where can I send my phone to fix?3, How can I register online, I can't read Samsung-Korean website?I'm excited just received this phone as a gift from my friend bought it a few days ago from amazon it was over $630.00I try to register on facebook Samsung Mobile USA and Samsung-US website "Extended warranty for registered products" the websites couldn't let me register. I called Samsung Product Support 1-800-726-7864 gave them my IMEI number they said that my Samsung Galaxy Note II was made in Korea so they can't register in Samsung-US website, they told me to call Samsung Main Building phone +82-2-727-7114 in Seoul, South Korea. I haven't call them.I asked many phone stores in Koreantown and Chinatown in NYC they already sold many Samsung Galaxy Note II GT-N7100 Factory Unlocked 16GB phones, but they also don't know about register the phone. Please advise. Thank you!

lo maximo. el mejor telefono tablet que he tenido! sin duda alguna por ahora nada se le compara!! vale la pena comprar un equipo de estos!

I was happy with this phone, but it has 4 dead pixels. Looks horrible. Its sad. I paid 600 dollars for this

Since I got my Note 1, I've been a Note fan since.  This new large phone is still an attention grabber, and even a conversation starter.This time it seems Samsung was sure about the Note 2, they really capitalized on the features of the stylus.  And build quality seems better than the Note 1.  Think of this phone as a Galaxy S3 but bigger (similar features, design and hardware, but up-sized)The other reviews already summed up everything else.

I went to T moble about this problem,they replaced sims card ,still no good,T moble gave me signal buster ,able to make calls sometime but still bad I also have a old sony ericsson phone it works great,tryed to get repairs from SURGE TELECOM THE PHONE IS ONLY UNDER WARRANTY FOR 30 DAYS

I am not satisfied with the device, sent me a Chinese team, you can not upgrade in Venezuela and the battery is generic, and Att when the publication did not provide that feature

Its amazing. I draw so the s pen I think is made for artist to go crazy on a gigantic smartphone

Overall, it's an awesome phone. I've been using it for a few months and I'm abandoning my ipad mini because of it.But, it's not perfect. For one thing, the s note has a half inch wide &#34;broken spot&#34; on the upper right side, meaning it doesn't respond to the spen when you white in that area. It's annoying since the page is not that big to beginning with. So, make sure you use the spen to draw on every corner of the snote before you decide to keep it.Other problems: * battery doesn't last too long * camera is not as good as my galaxy s2 *it only gets H+/3G/E signal if you are using T-mobile.Again, nothing is perfect. I'm still very happy with it so far even with all those listed problems.

Great Phone Minus the Defective SIM card slot =(. I live in the US in Virginia so beware it does come with a Euro style phone charger not the traditional standard plug we use here. Other than the defective SIM slot great phone. Looking forward to my refund so i can order another one =)

I bought this phone a year or so ago, and I kept my Iphone to use as an Ipod.  This phone is a breeze compared to the Iphone, which is nothing but ongoing problems.  My husband has held onto his IPhone, but is now getting a Samsung.  The problems he's had in the last two years with his Iphone is monumental, won't sync with ITunes.  Seems every time he attempts to do something with the IPhone it's blocked, or stopped, just basically won't work but does not tell you what the problem is or how to fix it.  Anyway, we're just a couple of old geezers, so am not tech savvy and just want something to work without having to search for hours for a possible answer that may or may not help.  Way too fussy.  Anyway, I don't think you'll be disappointed with this phone.  It's pretty easy, and it updates itself without prompting you, so no problems there.  Everything stays current.  I sure love it!

The Note II is a fantastic phone, hands down. Sadly, though, it has one severe fatal flaw: the front glass is tremendously fragile.I purchased my Note II during the 2012 holidays. A few weeks ago, I dropped it and the front glass completely shattered. Having never broken a phone after dropping it, I was surprised and disappointed--I've dropped previous phones before from higher heights than 2.5 feet and they survived unscathed. I chalked it up to bad luck, and Asurion sent me a new one after I paid my deductible.Yesterday, I dropped my replacement, again, from a height of roughly two feet. Again, the front glass completely shattered.Once, okay, I can grudgingly deal with that. But -twice?- Inside two weeks? That's no longer a coincidence. That's a design defect. The front glass needs to be made a lot more robust.Since I only have one more insurance claim left, I've got a decision to make--replace the phone or replace the front glass myself. Both choices are equally daunting; YouTube is rife with videos on how to replace the front glass of the Note II and the Galaxy S III.Whatever the outcome, though, the phone is definitely going into an OtterBox afterward.

This is, hands down, the best phone I have ever had! I purchased it new from Verizon on a 2 year upgrade last year, and since then it has been my power-house of productivity. It was a huge shift from the iPhone 4 I owned prior to this, that was so limited in what it could do that I was having to find a work-around every time I turned around. Eventually, it just became frustrating- so I got this. The Galaxy Note 2 is meant to do one thing: exactly everything you want it to do.The S-pen is a nice, intuitive touch. When I first got the phone, I was surprised by the fact that it was exactly like the old, hard tipped stylus' use to be, and yet, somehow, it works flawlessly with my capacitive touch screen. The features that come with the pen are incredible as well- give it just a couple of days, and the phone seems to learn you handwriting, making it so that everything you write is nearly flawless. Nearly. However cool, it is somewhat inconvenient to write your text messages instead of simply typing it in.My most favorite features of the phone are, by far, the ones Google has integrated straight into Samsung's TouchWiz OS. By long pressing on the menu button, you will pull up your Google, which includes Google now, and intuitive searching. In an instant, make a phone call, find an app, the weather, or even your way home if you happen to have gotten lost.Also integrated into the Samsung keyboard is Google's voice-to-text. Over time, as you speak to your phone more, Google will learn to recognize your voice, improving accuracy and making life just that much easier. This feature can be enabled or disabled through the options in the Google Now app (the app that pops up when you long press of the menu button from the home screen).The Smart gestures of the phone are another interesting, and stunning feature that Samsung has included. Reading something and don't want your screen to go to sleep? No problem, your phone can sense when you are looking at it so that the screen wont time out! In a meeting when suddenly you get a call from Joe? Quickly shut off the sound by turning your phone over, or placing your hand over the screen. Your new Galaxy Note 2 will also come with a variety of lock options, including the ability to unlock at the sound of your voice, unlocking when it sees your face, or a mix of any of the locking options available.Now, just a disclaimer: This voice is still an electronic device, and no electronic device is going to be 100% flawless. Sometimes the phone will bug out, and you'll have to restart it. This does not mean the phone is bad, or broken, just simply struggling. It was made by humans, after all, and so long as humans have flaws, so will the things we make.Be careful of the apps your download. If your phone starts acting bugging, restarting on its own, acting unusual, being slow, simply go back and get rid of the last couple of apps you got, and it may fix the problem.All in all, this phone is excellent! 5 out of 5 stars for an incredibly intuitive device- Samsung seems to have thought of everything, and packed it in to this single power-house of a phone!

This phone is by far the best phone/tablet on the planet today! If you have the money and you want only the best phone, this is it!  I have the iphone 5 and is and excellent phone but the galaxy is in another level is simple the best of the best.

My advice &#34;Get a case, a thick, heavy duty drop re4sitant rubber case case these notes are very fragile mine fell to road while I was running across the street 45 days old and yup it is in a pile on the counter as I attempt to change the glass on it myself.  now I broke the bottom home button ribbons etc  etc etc. Before it broke the phone changed my life.  I think the smart man buys the Note 3 with the little smart watch .  Note 2 is old new hate to say I should of waited for Not 3

I have had this phone for a month already, and I can say that I am still discovering new features I didn't know it had... Even after watching tutorial videos I still find new things.Iphone 5? You can't compare that to the Note 2. It would be like comparing a BMW 335i to a Bentley Continental Supersports.If you are looking for a phone, get this one.Update 07/10/2013Unfortunately my phone suffers of the SDS (sudden death syndrome) and it freezes and crashes like 5-6 times every day... this is getting very frustrating since I spent almost $700 on this phone just 8 months ago. I never rooted or did anything you are not supposed to do with this phone. I made some research about this problem and it appears like lots of other Note IIs and Samsung Galaxy S IIIs suffer from this same problem. I wish I could get a replacement or my money back, things like this happening to such High-end (expensive) phone is plain ridiculous.  I am very disappointed with you Samsung! I hope I am contacted my someone.Thank you.Update 07/13/2013This is completely unacceptable!!! This phone now freezes as soon as I reboot it when trying to unfreeze it!!! This is my second bad experience with "high end" Samsung devices!!! I will never buy from Samsung again, sorry but you lost a very good LOYAL (bought several big screen TVs, a sound bar and mobile devices all the time) customer because of this awful experience with devices I payed for $685 (Note II) and $630 (Galaxy Tab 10.1 that had very bad screen problems.I hope at least anyone in here takes the time to contact me.

Simply amazing product.Sold my original note the minute this version was announced.Phone feels super fast and snappy. The Quad Core 1.6Ghz is freaking amazing. When I view my video folder in thumbnail format, all the thumbnails play without any hitch, i.e about 8 videos simultaneously.I have had the Gmail app crash on me  a couple of times but they haven't been major crashes and I haven't lost anything, am sure that's an app causing that.Phone is just the perfect size for me, I love big screens. I would probably still buy this as a phone if it went all the way to 6inches.It looks like this device will become the center of all my digital world.Everything will gravitate around my brand new notes 2 from now on. I mean everything.I love this phone so much I will probably have to insure it because it will handle everything.I read on it - KindleI shop on it. - Amazon and GoogleI browser on it - ChromeListen to lectures  on it - Double TwistWatch HD movies on itI manage all my social platforms from it - HootsuiteSend and manage my business invoices from it - Zoho InvoiceShare internet from it to my iPad 2, nexus 7, blackberry bold 4, iphone, psp, macbook pro and macpro, this phone has become the center of my digital world.This phone has become my personal computer (PC) period !!!The S pen is much improved too, feels great, it also recognizes my hand writing better, best hand writing experience on a phone or tablet in my opinion.Sharing files via NFC with my nexus 7 works like a charm and its very snappy too.The screen is to die for, colour are very punchy, I have had no issues viewing the screen at 12 noon.When I got my original note a few months back, I actually said it was the best phone at the time, this phone is for me a major upgrade, an evolution, comparing the iphone (any model) to this would be a big big joke. Don't forget I own an iPhone and numerous Apple products so am being objective.The phone is not officially out here in Nigeria but I just had to get one superfast.Worth every single penny.

Typical bait and switch. I paid for a new Samsung Galaxy Note II and I received a Refurbished one. Both "DO NOT ACCEPT IF SEAL IS BROKEN " labels are broken and the protective skin covering the screen has grit trapped under it. It definitely is not new, as labeled with a cheap looking bar code. I did not dare take it out of the package to inspect it further so as not to incur a damaged packaging charge, which they probably will try to charge me any way and I will have to challenge - Yada Yada Yada. It will take days to sort this out. I am very disappointed in Amazon for putting their logo on the products of such obviously dishonorable gutter merchants like TechGiant. Avoid them if you want to get the product you ordered and have to deal with days of hassle to get what you wanted.The phone looks good.  I hope I get a new one next time.Update:  Vendor responded quickly and politely apologizing for the "mix-up". I gave an extra star for that.  I have no evidence this was not a mistake, but I have had similar "mistakes" with Amazon partners too often for them all to have been truly accidental.  I have returned the phone as this is my only option. I had asked for a new replacement, but that was not possible by either Amazon or TechGiant.  I have since purchased the phone for $100 more from another national brand vendor in the hopes this kind of thing will not happen again.

I ordered this phone. When I received it, I received that it was falsely advertised. It came in a sealed box and looked brand new, but when I checked the total memory on the phone it had 10GB is the total memory and 9.72GB was available for use because there were some preloaded apps that had use a small amount of memeory out of the 10GB. The sell ad said it had 16GB total. When I contacted the buyer, the tried to belittle my intelligence stating that they was 16GB on the phone, but the apps was taking up the 6GB of the 16GB making it 10GB left. First of all the know this difference between total GB on a cell phone and avaliable memory after some memory has been used by apps. I told them this. From the beginning, they gave me the run around for days before responding and then refused to give me a refund. Also there is something wrong with the backlight. BEWARE OF THIS BUYER, FALSE ADVERTISEMENT AND THE PRODUCT SEEM TO BE SOME DEFECTIVE CELL PHONES THAT SAMSUNG ARE SELLING TO THESE TYPE OF BUYERS JUST TO GET RID OF.

This is the perfect size for me; the iPhone was too small and a Mini iPad was too big.  So instead of having two devices, I use this one.I purchased a used (locked to Sprint) Note 2 on Amazon from a seller that got the phone from someone else.  Unbeknownst to the seller, the old owner rooted the phone with Teamwin's recovery tool.  I never rooted the iPhone (never saw the point in it), so I got a crash course in rooting.  After causing issues with my accounts and preventing Samsung updates, I almost gave up on this phone.As a last ditch effort, I used the rooting to my advantage; I put on Cyanogenmod's 4.3 firmware!  Unlike the iPhone, rooting is worth it on an Android.Android 4.3 is very nice and the phone works even better.  My only complaint is that the S-note function is no longer as polished as Samsung had designed it, but using a handwriting app it meets my needs.I don't use cellular service on this, so I don't know how the reception is.  Basically, I use wifi to make calls using Talkatone and Google Voice.  Between work and home, I'm rarely without wifi so why pay $80-$120 for service?  All my calls work as if I had a fully functioning cell phone.  Using wifi, it does not matter what the phone carrier is set as; in fact I turn off the roaming.

If you've read any of the positive reviews, then you know what to expect from this phone. If I have any negative comments, it is only that the battery life could be longer. Aside from that I don't see upgrading anytime soon.  Not even for the Galaxy Note III.

I found it is actually a good device but if the 1 year manufacturer warranty is important to you, then you may want to buy an iPhone.When warranty is the issue, seller won't help, Amazon won't help and Samsung won't help...whenever you ask for warranty (Samsung US, Samsung Latin America) they will say "it is from Amazon...we don't support that".These were the answers I received:- Amazon: They will tell you that it was bought in Amazon BUT through a 3rd party (which is difficult to tell by any customer because you will only see that in the check out screen), so they won't help. They may say they will, but in my case, 3 customer representatives said it but no follow up at all. This was actually very disappointing for me....but they won't forget to send you an e-mail asking if they were able to help to "build Earth's Most Customer-Centric Company"...5 days and no reply.- Seller: They will complain about Samsung being the worst company for warranty, but they will keep selling their stuff.- Samsung: It doesn't matter if their name is in the phone, since it comes from an on-line shopping place, they will tell you "we are Samsung US/LA and Amazon is in the web so is not US or LA".So if you want to buy an expensive product as this one, my recommendation is to buy it in a physical store where you can actually find the same sales representative that sold you the item, or buy an apple product...if is their product, they will help you, no matter the country.

I am very disappointed with the screen clarity of my new Note 2. The pictures on websites seem tend toward the red spectrum. Whereas my HTC EVO 4G seemed to have perfect picture clarity, my Samsung Note 2 would perhaps get 1 star out of 10. I'm very disappointed. Also, the word-wrap does not work as well as on my HTC. Hopefully you're reading this Samsung, and you can fix these issues with a few updates. Of course, maybe HTC will come out with a phone the size of the Note 2.

Unfortunately the only problem I had with this product was the fact there was no instruction manual coming with it and everything else was written in a foreign language rather than English. Everything else was new and perfect and the price was way cheaper that  most places.

thank yo so much the phone is great, it arrived even before that I expected what make me more happy :)

I haven't been a phone person since some years ago, but I can't put it down. I organize my whole life. Yeah it's big, but big comes with advantages. Think mini tablet that's more pocket friendly. I had a iphone before, I love the freedom and much bigger screen...NOTE 2 ROCKS!!!

satisfecho con el equipo que he recibido, fascinante dise&ntilde;o y estilo, como se describe, muy contento con mi Samsung Galaxy Note. funciona muy bien en Venezuela.

this is the best cell phone ever, an amazing big screen and i it s truly unlocked so dont have to worry to be attach to a plan.

I like almost everything about this phone. The latest android is smooth and simple. The phone feels comfortable in the hand. Battery life is great. And that display! It truly shows off the "phablet" advantage. The first phone I can truly use as a proxy for my laptop/tablet on a regular basis. Big enough to really "do" email, watch a movie, read a book, etc.Only 2 minor complaints at all: 1) The phone powered itself off regularly until I wedged a bit of business card behind the battery to hold it in tighter, 2) the positioning of the power button makes it too often that I accidentally hit it while holding the phone. On top would have been better.

Now first thing I didn't buy this here. I got my Galaxy Note 2 N7100 from QVC. but I've had it about 4 weeks now I love it. The big screen is great for people that can't see very good. That is why I went and got this phone. It has a big 5.5 inch 720p HD display.Now here is why I got this phone. I had the HTC One X. On AT&T.; that phone sucked. They did not update it from Androids 4.0 ICS. I needed a big screen that had Androids 4.1 or higher. I needed a HD display 720p or higher. Oh and a unlocked phone. So I can use AT&T;, Straight Talk, or any GSM SIM in it.The SPIN is great I use it a lot. I use it for everything like note talking and so many more things.OK I can go on and on about all the things I like about the phone but I'm not. The phone is GREAT. This phone is the best I've ever had.

Is perfect. The battery charge in 40min and still running  for 1day and 13 hours. The screen is the bigest. The spen is so good you can draw take notes and modify photos

I'm not sure, but I think I may have come close!  My phone (my buddy) tells me when things are going on, it keeps my schedule, reminds me of appointments or birthdays or kids soccer games.  Will it rain today?  It tells me to take my umbrella!Well, I don't use umbrellas, but if I did, it would tell me!Any and everywhere I go it can tell me how to get there, what time I will most likely arrive due to traffic, show my traffic patterns!We're not quite there yet, but soon enough it will start monitoring my over all health.  BP, Pulse, Temp.  Bloody thing will know when I have a heart attack before I do!  And possibly be able to prevent it or call for help without my asking it to!I love it!  It, of course cannot love me.  Which is a drawback to the relationship. :)I understand they are working on that now....not sure I'm ready for that sort of thing emotionally.  I rather like the feel of a woman's skin on mine if you see?John.

I love the huge screen and the S-Pen is amazing. The only problem is that I didn't get headphones in my box. I bought them from TechGiant.

I disliked the phone because they sent me an unlocked international version, instead of a united states version.  Major difference being the international version is supported be samsung U.K. only., not samsung U.S.A.  Also international version does not com with the stylus pen.  Third the instructions R in French.

As good as it gets! there is 25% higher capacity battery, same in size as the original, to get this phone to last 2 day! Note II + extended battery = unbeatable combination

There's no reason to even think of buying another phone this is the one, its got everything you want and more!!Screen, battery life, multitasking wow I so Amazed

Keeping it short & sweet, this phone is spectacular.  I typically sidestep Samsung devices because of their less-than-stellar design and over-hyped features, but the Galaxy Note 2 is by far the best of the Samsung galaxy series. Why?  Because its the only one that really aims to be different - despite having the similarly-redundant Plastic Samsung Design.Pros- S Pen:  There's just nothing like it on a phone.  Even if some people barely bother to use it, it is a very clever & unique feature- Oddly enough, this phone works snappy with TouchWiz UI.  I'm not a huge fan of the OS but it flows nicely on the Note.- 3100mAh Replaceable Battery  (One of the best phones in terms of battery life - can last all day with heavy use)- HD SUPER AMOLED Screen -- Though the screen has a resolution of 720P,  it is just as vibrant as any of the other high-end 1080P phones out there.  I dare you to try it out.  Samsung has really done a superb job of maximizing color clarity in this phone, despite its larger size.  (The best way to recognize this for yourself is to test it out. The Sony Xperia Z series phones are 1080P and have Pixel Densities over 400, yet the display seems dull looking and colors are washed out.  Don't let the specs fool you, try it out for yourself!)- The onscreen keyboard is amazing.  No more accidentally double-tapping or nudging other keys.** The only substantial con for some people will be its size.  However, the phone fits nicely in every single one of my pants.  I have no issues at all with it. Obviously, if you like to wear super-tight skinny jeans, this phone WILL NOT be for you.  But if you're like me and wear relaxed-fit clothing,  you will have no issues tucking this bad boy away.I definitely recommend this phone.

Best phone I have ever had. I will buy it again in a heart beat. I am waiting for Note 4 coz I think Note 3 isn't good enough as an upgrade for this.

This phone is more powerful than my wife's desktop computer! It is less of a phone and more of a personal data genie. It has all the cool features that you could want. Some of the cool ones I have noticed so far:- Text (if you are doing something and someone sends you a text the first line will show up on just the top of the screen for a sec. This way when some jerk says "ok" at the end of a conversation you don't have to stop what you are doing to go open up your messages and find out he said "ok". Awesome!)- Face unlock (the phone can see your face and unlock itself. not new, just cool)- Picture burst (takes 20 photos in like 3 seconds - my DSLR can't do that, it takes only 8.)- Multi tasking (use several things at once, thank you quad core processing)- Netflix! (screen has the same resolution of netflix max streaming resolution)- GPS (it is good, really good)- Speed (this phone is sooooooooooo fast. Nothing can touch the speed, I was downloading a game at over 2500kbps on my wifi. There is never lag in any function)- Apps for EVERYTHING (that's just android, not really the phone)- Games (they are sick! The screen and processing power combine for an unreal experience. Check out Need For Speed from EA $7. WORTH IT.)What can it not do? I'm not sure yet, just came in today from ATT. I don't think there is much it can't do. Ease of use is just super on this thing. All the features are easy to use, find, understand, etc.I was attracted to this phone because of the size. I'm a big guy 6'2", big hands, so it fits me well. Maybe if you are small it isn't the phone for you. However, most people, including me, will be using both hands with it most of the time anyway so I think it is good for little people too.Last thought, I have used a lot of phones and computers. I have top of the line stuff including apple stuff. This is as good as or better than anything out there. If you have PC DO NOT BUY iPhone! Get one of these, or a GS3. Your life will just be easier. My wife has the ipad 3, so she got the iPhone 5. It is also very cool, but for me size wins out. I think the note II is just way cooler than iPhone 5. I'm happy, you will be as well.

They sent me a broken phone that wouldn't turn on. I did get my money back a month later. Don't do it!

This product is the best, 100%, software updated daily, all applications Play Store you imagine at your fingertips.psxpro responsible and very helpful in answering questions.

Best phone I have ever owned. I miss it and wish I had not upgraded to the note 3.  Go for it.

First of all, the Galaxy Note II is more than just another smartphone.  It is a "must-have workhorse" that is the first and only smartphone to deserve this title.  Comparing other smartphones to the Note II is ridiculous... they don't compare!  The Note II is not a phone and it's not a tablet.  The Note II is a sleek and solid powerhouse that does the work of a desktop, tablet and cell phone, all in one pocket-size device.  How do you compare an iphone to that?  You don't!Size:  When I brought my Note II home and showed it to my teenage kids, no kidding, they thought I was BS-ing them that this was my new phone.  It is big -- but not too big.  Trust me on this.  It still fits in pockets, pants, shirts or otherwise.  Once I used it as my daily driver for a week I went back to my Galaxy S II and that once-great phone seemed like a toy.  This phone hits the sweet-spot first and most importantly for get-work-done screen real estate.  The less scrolling, the bigger the text, the more you see, the faster you get things done.  THIS IS HUGE! Less important but great as well is the entertainment aspect of the Note II in video viewing, internet browsing and gaming.  Again, trust me on this.  Use the Note II for a week and worries of an iPad to your ear as a phone quickly fade.  All other phones will look tiny and toy-like by comparison.Speed:  I am a power user.  There isn't a phone currently that can hold a candle to the power user experience on a Note II.  The 1.6ghz quad-core processor and 2gb ram is the first smartphone I've used (previous best was a dual-core 1.5ghz, 1gb ram) that NEVER, EVER stutters, hangs, or goes into sleep mode when you ask it to do several processor-intensive tasks simultaneously.  Stream audio, shoot photos or video, run your navigation, use your internet browser and then open a Word document all at once on any other phone and see what happens -- deep sleep, sudden reboot, freezing and so on.  NOT SO WITH THE NOTE II!  I have yet to run into an application/processor use scenario that even so much as slows down the Note II.  Amazing!Magic:  Okay, the Note II isn't magic, but it does a few things no other smartphone I've used or even know if is capable of.  First, I use internet based applications for work in my real estate business.  The Note II is the first and only phone I know of that runs EVERY web-based program I use as if I was on my laptop.  It is the first smartphone that runs large web-based programs like my Multiple Listing program, or bank REO programs in a manner that is identical to my Sony VAIO laptop.  Again, THIS IS A BIG DEAL!  There have now been a number of times I have left my laptop in my office, my Nexus 7 tablet at home, and used only my Note II for everything at work -- email, word processing, photo editing, web-based computing.  Impossible with an iPhone.Magic II:  The S-Pen seems gimmicky at first, and let's face it, Steve Jobs calling your finger the best stylus ever, was right.  But the more you use the included S-Pen and the apps that interact with it the more you realize how awesome the stylus is.  Note taking in the S-Note app is easy and simple if you want simple.  But, if you're like me and you want to max-out what a device will do, the S-Note/S-Pen learning curve is a little steep but well worth the time.  Note taking with the S-Pen/S-Note combination is like pen and paper, Photoshop, digital camera, chalkboard with eraser, and MS Word all wrapped into one steroid-charged smartphone app.  It is amazing.  S-Note alone with all of its features has replaced 10-15 of my previously most used apps.  It's Evernote, Freenote, Tasker, aCalendar+ and more, all in one.  I've honestly never been so organized thanks to Samsung's S-Note/S-Pen combination and the S-Pen interactive apps.Magic III:  (Sorry -- I'm running out of ways to explain how great and unique the Note II is.)  The S-Pen, besides how fantastic it is using the S-Note app, allows you to annotate almost everything on your smartphone.  It can take notes on your built-in calendar app, just like you do on your refrigerator calendar!  Anything you see on your screen, from a webpage, pdf file, email, photo, etc., can easily be screen-captured and then written on with the virtual pen and saved.  I can't say enough about how functional and downright awesome the S-Pen stylus is.Everything else:  The CAMERA is excellent.  HD video, built-in burst mode, HDR settings and more make the Note II camera the best smartphone camera I've ever used.  The built-in Samsung VIRTUAL KEYBOARD is excellent.  It has a swype mode.  If you've used swype you know how great it is.  The keyboard is integrated with the S-Pen allowing you to literally scribble text as it transcribes your handwriting into text, instead of using the virtual keyboard.  Again, it is awesome.  (It is the first virtual keyboard capable of replacing my once-favorite FlexT9/Dragon dictation keyboard.) The SCREEN QUALITY is great both indoors and outdoors.  It is the first smartphone you may actually want to watch Netflix and Hulu Plus content on.  The WEB BROWSER is the closest thing in a truly mobile device (try putting an iPad or Galaxy Tab 10 in you pocket) that runs the internet like my Sony laptop.  The EXTERNAL SPEAKER matches or beats many of the aftermarket mini-box speakers out there.  The audio from music and video is loud, crisp and clear on the built-in external speaker.  More: I could go on with video chat, voice recorder, Samsung photo editor, frame rates and more, but it's just more of the same awesome.Negative:  The ONLY negatives for me with the Note II are... the battery, limitations of Android 4.1 Jelly Bean and the 16gb internal memory on U.S. carrier versions of the Note II.  Others have talked up the great battery life of the Note II, but probably more than anything else spec-wise, "great" is a relative term.  Yes, using the Note II like a normal smartphone/iPhone/Android phone you can get more than a day's use out of the battery.  In my use-everything-all-the-time user experience I get 5-7 hours of battery on a bad day, and 10-12 hours of battery on a good day.  5-7 hrs if you're streaming video, using the camera or watching continuous video is nothing to scoff at.  It's pretty darn good.  Since I use my phone heavily all day, every day, while by no means a deal breaker, it's the most notable albeit minor negative.  There are aftermarket battery/back cover solutions that will turn the 3100mah stock battery into a 6200+mah battery.  That might work for some, but I also love how relatively light and thin the Note II is, so I carry around another fully charged spare battery in my pocket at all times.  Then there's the minor issue of Android 4.1 not allowing for app-to-sd transfer of applications -- making the 16gb version of the Note II a little sparse in terms of on-board memory.  Yes, you can use a 64gb sd card, but honestly, limiting applications to the phone's built-in memory, if you play any of the memory-intensive games (Need for Speed, Broken Sword, Modern Combat, and countless others), really is barely enough on-board memory.  Again, both memory and the ability to move large applications to the sd card are relative to the user and may not be a negative for many users.  If Samsung and Google update the Android 4.1 OS making app-to-sd transfers possible, then the 16gb version would be just fine.  Let's hope that Android update is in the works! The good news is that the Note II, as a flagship device, is certain to get updates to the OS for maybe as long as two years or so.Conclusion:  If you're thinking about getting the Galaxy Note II, but think it's too big, STOP THINKING!  GET IT!  Odds are you will never go back to your 3.5", 4" or 4.5" screen smartphone again.

First of all I had the note1 for a year and when this was announced I felt like its gonna be the same functions and a little upgrade of power. Somebody wanted to buy my note1 so I sold it and went for the note2 and HEY! This thing is a MONSTEROUS BEAST!!! Damn I wonder what samsung will come up again. Samsung shut the hell up and take my money. Am gonna buy every generation of the note series. No offence to I phone lovers but please just give the note2 a chance and u will experience a very rich and super mibile experience without boundaries.  I dont even know what else to say. JUST BUY THIS MAGICAL AND VERSATILE DEViCE. Period

1. Purchased  my Note II cellphone on Nov 19, 2012. Received it barely more than a month, it wouldn't detect the SIM card anymore, and sometimes shut down by itself. Of course there is no accident to the phone, and just normal use. My phone company replaced a SIM card, and it still wouldn't work.2. Contacted with the seller, SurgeTelecom through Amazon on Jan 13, 2013 and they wouldn't allow to return or replace it, since it is more than a month from shipping, though the Amazon holiday return ends on Jan 31, 2013.3. Called Samsung US support, they told me this is a UK model. Samsung US will not support the cellphone, and told me to ask Samsung UK for help. It is not easy to get help from UK, since I am in US.4. Issued a claim to Amazon for selling the UK model without noticing in the description on Jan 16, 2013. Asked to replace the cellphone with a US model or get full refund. 4 days passed, and no reply from Amazon yet.I will update the progress.5. After 5 days, Amazon replied: "you did not contact the seller within 14 days of receipt to report the issue or return the item within 30 days of shipment."6. Contacted Samsung UK, I need to send the broken phone from US to their UK service site for checking. I need to pay the shipping fee.7. Shipped the phone to the UK service center on Jan. 28 and arrived Great Britain on Feb. 7 with the Express Mail International information: "Payment of charges - Item being held, addressee being notified." It seems the phone still didn't reach the UK service center.8. Called the UK service center, they asked me to call the post office to see why the item didn't deliver. Called the UK post office but couldn't go through. Sent an email request to the post office, no reply got.9. March 11, 2013 EMS tracking "Unclaimed - Item returned to sender". I may have to keep the broken phone.10. March 23, 2013 the phone was returned. The reason on the parcel box is that the Customs/Postal charges didn't pay. The total charge is 69.97 (VAT 56.47 and Parcel force handling fee 13.50). The UK service center didn't pick up or didn't want to pick up the phone to repair due to the Customs/Postal charges.11. Sent to a private repairing site in CA.

Este telefono excede mis espectativas, mucho mejor que el Iphone 5, el unico problema que encuentro en este equipo es el comando de voz, por eso le otorgo solo 4 estrellas

It's like a gs3 but bigger and with styus. It's what i expected with samsung made device. I still dont like the touchwiz ui but its a lot better now. This phone is fast and smooth. Only con is the phones build material, nothing wrong with plastic but its still plastic.

The first time I saw this phone, in a Radio Shack, my mouth fell open.  Oh, to have a phone with that large a screen seemed a dream come true (and to think Samsung is now coming out with an even larger one!). When my contract with Verizon came up for renewal I jumped on this thing the first day I could, and I've never regretted it.The screen is gorgeous, the phone is fast, and my friends say even on speaker phone my voice is clear with no interference. When I read Kindle books on it it's a bit cramped, but certainly not as much as smaller phones.  I set the display to white text on a black background and it's easy to read in almost any light.I do have one complaint, which seems a major design issue I hope is fixed in future products.  The volume button is directly across the phone from the button turning the screen on and off, and many times I have turned the sound low or off by accident and missed calls.  It's also easy to change the volume just by handling the phone.  So that's a drawback, but otherwise I simply love this.I also bought the Samsung flip cover, which replaces the back of the phone and adds a very thin cover over the screen.  Love it.

Well coming from Note N7000 could not get anything else... everything below 5.5&#34; its a downgrade.. will change it for note 3 next year around this same month...

device performs much below expectations. The only reason i keep using this phone is because of the larger screen I need which no other phone in the US can offer. Aside from that there is not much to admire about. Instead recurrent problems include,Rotate screen frequently does not work which can be very annoying at times when it is most useful (i.e. during gps driving, the screen failed to rotate many times, which forced me to rotate the car mounter instead).The two window feature also confusing and sometimes does not seem to work.It s got pen but I dont use it anyways.Video and still pics taken by care automatically uploads to google+ without any warning and by default which is a security concern for me. So far I havent found a way to disable it, the setting does not offer to disable this. Not sure if there is a trick around if I research it online. In either case, it sucks that they did not make this effortless.

I got the hyperion 6200 MAH battery and this this thing could run almost 10 hours straight -- with moderate internet and youtubing --- almost 10 hours. The screen was on the whole time.It's feature are unbelievable. You can open two apps at the same time on the screen! There's a tab in middle for you to adjust the sizes of the apps. It's really fast too.I am not writing any detailed reviews here, there's plenty already -- but I AM AMAZED.

This seller is a scammer. Well offers Galaxy note GT N7100 2 And upon receiving the phone is another reference which does not help. And he refuses to answer. It's not a star deserves.

Empresa muy seria y responsable, entrega a tiempo el articulo de ecxelente calidad nuevo espectacular es exactamente lo que ofrecen los recomiendo ampliamente.

Beautiful 5.5&#34; OLED screen.Samsung Touch Wiz.Excellent battery life.What more can you ask? Oh Yea~ The Quad-Core!It slips right in to my shirt pocket with a room for the pen.Loving it.

Great deal,  love doing business with you. I believe he is the best here. I strongly support you all here

Love it - does everything that I need. The screen is large enough to do my work without bringing my laptop - The only reason that i'm taking off one star is the battery cover seems kind of cheap.

My husband damaged his phone, so he so graciously took my old phone and paid for this one for me, so let me tell you I am loving him and this beautiful phone.  For those who have thought it would be too big, here's a big emphatic NO, IT'S NOT TOO BIG.  In fact, after 2 days of using this phone, all other phones just seem like miniature toys.I have seen the new iphones (my family members have them), but this thing blows them out of the water.  The speed with this quad core processor is great. Call quality has been wonderful so far.  And for the iphone lovers who use Siri - all I have to do is double press the home button on the bottom and the thing comes alive as my personal assistant.  It has not failed to understand any of my requests from the very first try.I have not had time to try all the features of this phone yet (there as SO many), but I certainly have been having fun trying some of them.  The video player is amazing. All the thumbnails for all your videos appear, and when you hover the S-pen over one it enlarges a bit and gives you a preview of the video with sound without actually opening it.I downloaded a couple of my favorite apps for a smartphone for watching TV.  The xfinity app installed, and now my Note 2 is a great TV with HD video.  I also have a Sling Box attached to my TV at home, and when I downloaded the slingplayer app it just installed without a hitch, and I immediately am watching on my smartphone whatever my Comcast cable box is tuned to, and I can change channels on the Comcast cable box with my Note 2.  Again, this installed and worked flawlessly.  The HD picture quality is great, and now we won't have to miss an episode of Si, Willie or Jase on Duck Dynasty wherever we are!LOL!I had been using an HTC Inspire Android phone and loved it.  Of course, this new Samsung phone is running a new version of Android (Jelly Bean), but for anyone who has any experience with Android it is a pretty intuitive experience in figuring this phone out.  I have no problems at all typing messages with this phone. In fact, I love the fact that the numbers are in a line above the letters and I don't have to change the symbols/keyboard to type in numbers or times.  The itunes apps have nothing on Android.  There are Android versions of the kids' favorite games.  There are numerous Bible apps, and I love being able to whip out my Android phone to follow along in church or Bible Study. When you are on a call or in an app and you remove the S-pen a screen for taking notes appears. That is going to be useful.If you just absolutely have to have a tiny phone that will slip into your tiny, skinny jeans pocket, this phone might not be for you, but if you want to be able to have more of the benefits of a tablet that can still be put in a pocket or won't weigh a purse down, and if you want to be able to enjoy the internet, reading articles and books, watch videos, TV and movies, then take a look at this Note 2.In just 2 days, I haven't had the opportunity to use the camera/video features yet, but I look forward to this. The Note 2 is feature-rich with the camera/video, and I look forward to trying out this burst mode and perfect shot stuff that is on there.With this phone, right there in my pocket or purse I always have a game player, TV/movie/youtube player, ipod, ereader, Bible, GPS, navigator, messenger, social networking device and assistant.  Oh, did I mention - it's a great phone for making calls. It is comfortable in my hand with talking on the device, but the speaker phone is so great I'm spending most of the time in the car talking on the speaker phone (safer, as well).Thanks, Samsung, for giving us the option of a bigger smartphone device. No, I don't want to be holding my ipad up to my ear, but this thing is fine, and I can't see myself wanting to go back to a little phone anytime soon. Now, if you are going to an amusement park, beach, rafting, skydiving, etc., you might want to think about having a smaller, cheaper little flip phone for those occasions, but during a routine day - I love this phone for whatever I do!Yep, there's a new sheriff in town - Galaxy Note 2.  Iphone will be playing catchup with all this phone does for a long time, and I can add a memory card with whatever gigs I want without having to shell out hundreds more to Apple for more memory. If the battery ever needs changing, that can be done, and I can customize the features and files on this phone to suit me.  Apparently Apple thinks one size fits all in the way of phones, but I like to be able to customize mine. I will still be using my ipad when at home, but this Note 2 will be with me wherever I go. You can admire the iphone 5, but the Galaxy Note 2 is all that and more!

Am using the global standard Note 2 for the past 3 weeks now. Its my first ever Android device. Debated for a while from switching from an iphone 4S to the note 2, as i had no ideaabout the Android's capabilities. Plus i got tired of the waitlist for Iphone 5, and the whole drama of Apple making it so difficult to get your hands on an iphone 5, even weeks after its release.So i decided to take a swing at this amazing Note 2 device. Seriously after using it for 3 weeks all other phone screens seem just way too small and make you think howyou got any work done on them at all. Emails are so nice to read, videos are absolutely amazing and reading the news on flipboard is just fantastic. Although it doesnt completelyreplace your tablet, i tend to barely use my ipad after i got the Note 2.Dont use the SPen too much, but i prefer it to make notes, edit photos and express drawings with changes.The multi window is amazing, where two apps can be opened on the screen at the same time, here the size of the phone obviously helps.Viewing your calendar with appointments is so easy on the big screen and adding and editing appointments is so much easier.Am a big apple fan, but am very happy with the switch from the iphone 4S to the Note 2. Samsung really have created a fantastic smart phone, and surely will give iphone the toughestsmart phone market share battle.

I just love this phone.. nice large screen so I can see it and watch movies etc on it and browse internet excellent....

This is not the product I thought I was getting. It IS NOT a 16 GB device, but rather 10GB. It came set up in Spanish and I suspect it was an inferior device intended for sale in Mexico. I am very disappointed in this purchase, and do not plan to buy electronics online in the future.Shame on you for misrepresenting this item

This is probably the best phone I've ever owned. The onboard speaker is loud clear and awesome. I have never before been inspired to load my own custom ringtones until now. In addition to having a great speaker, this phone is feature rich. The multi window is great cruzin while in google maps, to watching youtube or surfing the internet. The few things I dont like about this phone is that there is not a scroll button. You have to pin point with the stylist. I loved the G1 scroll wheel, the G2 touch pad, but this samsung is lacking a button to scroll. It also has a oversized keyboard in landscape mode. I hope in future updates they make it a little smaller. I thought moving from a physical keyboard to an onscreen keyboard would slow me down, but it doesnt. I havnt missed my physical keyboard one bit with this phone.The camera is amazing, and take about as good of shots as you can take with a digital camera. There are so many things to love about this phone that I cant name them all. Best upgrade of my life.

The Galaxy Note II is nothing like the competition. There is a lot of innovation or plain improvement in this phone, from the super-elegant design to the blazing-fast 1.6GHz quad-core processor, large screen, up to 64GB of storage that can be expanded to 128GB, to the innovative (and optional) and super-precise stylus-based input.And, yes, it is an Android phone, comes with Android 4.1 installed and everything that Android has to offer from Google Play and Google Now and, of course, the innovative S Pen extensions.We decided to go with this Note II for one of our family members who happens to be a growing artist. She draws, paints, makes 'things' every time she has the opportunity and the S Pen stylus and the software that supports it plus the ability to access media and play it on the Note's large screen are exactly what she dreamed for 'on the road' creativity support.The Note II may not be for everyone but for anyone who doesn't mind a 'giant' phone (or you can view it as a small tablet that makes phone calls) I can't think of anything better today. Of course, innovation never stops so I'm sure there will be better alternatives in a few months or in a year, or two.

There are tons of things you can do with this phone, take notes (selling point), expansion memory, removable battery, camera features, and the awesome size. This is just a phone from the future, it really left the iPhone and other Android phones far behind. Android runs extremly perfect, it is portable, and am just in love with this phone. Having a Nexus 7 and this really make me apreciate the aditions from samsung to the operating system, the notification bar, the multy window features, the notes apps, the fact to be able to write on the calendar  with the S pen, the mathematical uses for the note app..... Etc, I would have to write a 6,000 words to review and talk about all you can do with this phone. SERIOULSY DO NOT HESITATE, this is the best smart phone out there, there are not barriers with this phone, not like the Apple and Steve barriers, not like Nokia 920 barriers, not like android phones barries, you want 80 GB + as cheap as 20 dollars you have it, you want removable battery you have it, etc etc BEST PHONE EVER.... BUY IT

This phone is amazing.  The size of the phone is daunting to some people, but I am a very large man so it fits perfectly in my hand.  My wife and I both bought one and she loves her's as well.

I bought this phone to replace my original Samsung Galaxy Note that I got last year. this phone is in everyway a big update to the original Note. I find it much easier to hold in my hand than the original Note. Overall I have found the phone's performance is stellar. I also had the Samsung Galaxy SIII and can definitely say that the Note II is a big step up (no pun intended). The stylus just adds a serious layer of icing to the cake.

I won't go into all the features and details of this phone as you can obviously find that elsewhere and they are numerous.  But after a week of owning the Note 2 the only complaint I have is no "Mark All as Read" option in the native email.I bought the Note 2 specifically for the S-Pen (*cough* Stylus), because I have large hands and most high-end smartphones have little tiny touchscreen keyboards. Not only is the screen incredibly responsive to the S-Pen, but it also does a great job converting the handwriting to text. Gone are the days of having to use special one-stroke characters to write like on older PDA's - just write something as you normally would in the text field, and use a quick right dash to space, quick left dash to backspace, a paragraph mark (like a J but starting at the top with a 90 degree angle) for a new paragraph and lots of available S-Pen gestures using the pen's button. When I do use my fingers on the keyboard, the large screen is much more accomodating for those with big hands.The reception is great especially for an Android smartphone, and everything runs fast and smooth on Android 4.1. If you want hype, go with an iPhone, but if you're looking for the best of the best in mobile devices, look no further. The hefty price tag may be daunting, but when you get your hands on it you'll be happy you made the right choice!(Entire review written on my Galaxy Note 2)

Just like I said the only flaw with international/unlocked phones is that they don't recognize all of the US bands like LTE / 4G.  Great phone otherwise but a new Galaxy Note III was just announced. FYI

The original Note was near perfect. The second time around.....perfection was achieved. I could not tell you how much I enjoy this phone. The big screen.....the amazing resolution.....the great apps.....its a tablet too....watching movies.....it is the most complete phone on the market. You need one!

or are you just happy to see me?  Seriously, the first time I used this phone as such, I felt like I was holding a waffle up to my face.  Relax - you get used to the size very quickly and it pairs with any BT headset on the market.  Also, it is a heck of a great cellphone with good ( although not great) reception, clear audio on both sides and has Samsung's awesome dialing enhancements.  How refreshing - a cell phone that is a great phone.  The irony here is I bought the phone for every reason besides that and it is freaking awesome.  Web browsing, texting (Samsung allows you to squish the keyboard over towards one side making one handed operation a reality), email, media - all of these are just the best I've experienced.  Thanks to quad core processing and plenty of RAM, it's a powerhouse device.  The new iPhone 5 is remarkable until you hold it next to my new GN2 at which point you realize that yes, size does matter.  And the SGN2 has that in spades.  Overall, I love it.  And haven't really even learned all the tricks the S pen is capable of yet. Although I was on the phone today and instead of having to try to memorize a number someone gave me or frantically search for scrap paper, I pulled out the stylus, WROTE the info down quickly in real time and was done.  Oh, and it's wonderful to have voice and data simultaneously on Tmob unlike my wife's VZW iPhone 5.  Forgotten how annoying that is.But the SGN2 is just a groundbreaking device.  Being just a little less wide than the original note changed everything - it's easy to handle (and I have pretty small hands) but just destroys any other device when it comes to display.  The quality is outstanding and the quantity?  Pffft - there's no competition.  Most of what I use my cell phone for now revolves around reading and the note 2 is just the best device I've ever owned for doing that.  LOVE IT!!!!

Best phone ever. Fast . Sharp images. Multitasking friendly use. You can carry your office in your pocket. I recomend this phone 100%.

What This phone can't do? .......It can't walk and thats about it! if you are thinking of getting one stop thinking and go for it!

I just can't believe the change we saw on mobile phones in just less than 5 years. I started with a BB curve like 4 years ago, then I bought an iPhone 4 when it was launched and was amazed again. Then, 6 months ago I moved to Android with an N7000 that amazed me so much I had to get the new Galaxy Note II as soon as I could.And even when the N7000 is also incredible, this new version of the Note has been improved in every aspect. It's so fast, so smooth, even sexy as it feels when I hold it. Can't say nothing else but "GET ONE ASAP"...The only problem was (until a week ago) that I had to stick to the samsung stock rom for almost a month. It's not bad but it's full of apps I don't use and drains your battery faster. But now I'm even happier since CM10 has been officially realeased for the N7100 and the phone is even faster than before and the battery lasts longer.

This is simply the best cell phone I have ever owned,  the screen is large and opening attachments & actually reading it without squinting is good for me after years of too small images on my cellphone & having to wait until I got to a laptop or desktop computer to actually read my email & attachments.  Otherwise the battery life is amazing,  use this lhone solid for 14 hours make it through an entire long work day & the Samsung Galaxy Note II still has battery life left & I have never had a phone even near the long battery life this phone has.  Watching videos,  TV or movies is fun with the large screen & 1080p high definition & the speaker sound is very good.  I'm still discovering the many things this quad core hand held computer / cell phone can do, but very simply the Samsung Galaxy Note II is the best cell phone I have ever had,  & I recommend it to everyone,  you will noy be disappointed. Ionel

The best smartphone ever! The screen is amazing. I cant see any cons, all pros. No more coments. Buy it

i love this phone. it can do anything i cant possiby imagine how they are evergonna improve on this device

I purchased this phone in June 2013.-  Great screen resolution- Good for watching movies, reading and organizing stuff- Android is fast on this phone.- It fits well in the pocket, although it might look that its too big to fit in your pocket.Only complain I would have is with the the battery, it drains quickly and takes more time than other smart phones to recharge it and that might be because of the huge battery required to run this phone.

It is a good smart cell phone.the little problem is GSM Card can not be fit. I do not find ogre problem

First of all let me state that my previous cellphone buying habits have been dictated by the relesse dates of apple's iphones. When the 5 came out I didn't initially question its superiority untill I was talking about buying one with my upgrade to a friend and he steered me away, pointing out the lack of innovation and processing power. I decided to take a risk and go for the galaxy note 2 and I am very thankful me and my friend were able to talk before I bought the 5. The note 2 is exactly what the iphone 5 is not. It is a rebellion agaisnt the lack of innovation and risk taking that apple has sadly fallen into. First things first,  the stylus: while many would think of this as a relic from the Palm pilot era it is re designed in a way that fits more modern day tasks and its functionalities are endless. You can write a paper with it or draw a picture, but the best part of it is that it works in nearly all apps eg. Angry birds, snapchat etc. Making it a valuable tool for apps which allow you to draw with your finger. The processor speaks for itself. Its so fast you'd swear you were using a computer. This is really what the device is, a miniature computer. The claim that it is like a tablet is kind of farfetched in my opinion. It feels more like a computer/phone hybrid with a beautiful screen since you don't have the full Page size of a tablet. Onto the size; yes the thing is huge, and my friends all thought it was obnoxious and unnecessary at the get go until they got a chance to play games on it and marveled at the gorgeous screen and graphics. After a week of using it, I don't want to go back and everything else seems comically small and slow. It fits in all of my pants pockets without hassle. My favorite features are the face recognition, the s-pen hover capability and the camera, which takes incredible Pictures. Coming from an iphone I was worried about user friendliness and operating system,  a concern that quickly went away, jelly bean is awesome. It is light years ahead of ios, especially when it comes to the keyboard and customizability. I recommend this to anyone who wants something incredibly fast, versatile and fun to use.Complaints: while few,  the fact that the s pen cannot touch the buttons off screen (aka the back and menu buttons surrounding the home screen one) is a minor annoyance. Also if you own an apple computer and are used to the ease of syncing with itunes, brace yourself for some serious frustration. Not only can it not read some itunes files, if you want it to automatically sync your music (not have to worry about keeping track of which songs to add) you are esentially out of luck. A program called kies is avaliable although within 5 minutes of using it my mother warned me to watch my language which she was able to hear from the other side of the house. Avoid at all costs. The best way to do it is to just get android file transfer of of their website and make a playlist that keeps up with which songs you would like to add. Its just drag and drop from there!While I do miss the ease of syncing with the iphone 4 I used to have and that silent/ringer switch on the side, I would be very angry if I broke my note 2 and had to go back. As a man who has never owned a non apple computer,  mp3 player or phone (while smartphones have existed) I must say that apple has dropped the ball and samsung has created a device that truly grabbed my attention and my cash, and was worth every penny.

Just what I wanted it to do,great I would recomend it for anyone who wants the best cell phone period!

The device itself is fine as long as it works. Less than a year, one day it did not work at all... no response... nothing except a dim flash of red LED on top when trying to start it.The worse part is that it is not covered for support in the united states. They refer you to hear and there and finally you are left with a dead piece. Sad.

I purchased thus item as international one but I get the at&t version . Also tell now the pc did not recognize the phone through usb cable.

Love this phone. I got used to the size, and now I can do pretty much everything you do on a laptop.

This past weekend, I had my first trip without a laptop computer. Not only could I leave my computer at home, I had excellent all around functionality in a single device that was on my person at all times.  Whether in my hotel room or on foot in Manhattan, I was able to realize the true power of the Note II. During the day, I was able to extensively use the Google Maps function.  At night, the large screen provided an excellent way to read text on web sites.  My one complaint is that 4G was seldom if ever available. When it was, such as at Midway airport in Chicago, I was getting 30 MB/second.*************The most important issue that any prospective customer should understand about the Note II is its size limitations are far outweighed by the benefits. Specifically, 1)it fits in a jacket or pant pockets and 2) can be operated single-handedly by someone of average height.  At the same time, the 5.5 inch screen allows for reading mainstream websites in native form.  It may look odd at first but just remember how large early mobile phones were. The Motorola DynaTAC weighed 4.3x as much as the Galaxy Note II does today. At 179 grams, it weighs 41% less than an iPad Mini and 63% more than an iPhone 5.While I love my iTunes on my iPod Nano, my extensive music library and podcast list stays with me on my iPod Nano with lanyard headphones. No iPhone can supplant this setup, especially when exercising. If I want to watch full-length video, the screen size of the Note II is worth more to me than the convenience of iTunes.  Again, the cost benefit makes sense for my use case.With GPS and mapping, a larger screen offer inherent benefits.  Yet, Google is far ahead of Apple when it comes to built-in bicycling and walking directions along with indoor navigation of large buildings.  Recently, Google embarked on Street View Trekker, which employs sophisticated navigation-surveying backpacks that their employees use to map natural wonders, such as the Grand Canyon, on foot.  Apple is WAY behind on the non-automobile navigation, which is important for many urban dwellers.On a separate note, my shopping experience with Sprint is mixed. There was no clear evidence that I purchased a phone on my account.  No confirmation email was ever sent (checked spam folder). Sprint still appears to have best data plans pricing with perhaps the lowest quality LTE network for now.  I hope the new Japanese owners inject some capital to improve the network.  Fortunately, Sprint has not forced the offensive Nascar application on Galaxy Note II owners as it did with earlier smartphones.Lastly, I am glad to see Samsung employing NFC (near field communication).  Apple and other major phone makers should have installed NFC years ago.  All research suggests the delay is due to squabbles over credit card transaction revenue.  In the future, NFC-enabled phones such as the Note II will be your car keys, house keys, credit card and transit pass.Pros:90% more screen area than iPhone 5Weighs 41% less than iPad Mini, 72% less than iPadNFC includedMicroSD slotCons:Looks strange in front jean pocketNo wireless chargingNiche applications often delayed on Android as Apple IOS given priorityTips:Order accessories ahead of time from Internet at  the price of retail

keep up the good job....is very professional , on time as  presume ,TechGiant  ,,,you are the best May God Bless you guys ...

I like this phone very much. It is a all-in-one, phone, email, GPS, photo, music, movies, reading, games, internet, .... So it is very useful, not just for entertainment.  With the big screen, it is the best all-in-one phablet. I had the phone for over a month now, so far no problems found. It is fast, smooth, easy to use,  learning the features is a lot of fun...The battery life is a constant concern, I have to charge it daily. So I am looking for a replacement battery.I bought it from TechGient, fullfiled by amazon. The seller is great, responded my questions and concerns promptly. Amazon customer service is excellent.

Great big screen, pen work wells, but the samsung software is bad.  My outlook, which have multiple sub folders will not sync.  And calendar sometimes not coming in!!

Not expandable to 64gb... there is a slot for a 64gb card, but the phone cannot access or use it to store anything.  Cannot move apps, movies from Google Play, or any other media.  Its useless.

This is a great phone. Large screen, bright display and is very fast. Great call quality, especially the speaker phone. I cannot stop using this phone. Unfortunately, the phone only gets three stars to two reasons:1. Warranty and support is not available in North America where this phone is used. If Samsung is selling unlocked world phone, they should honour the warranty anywhere, as long as the customer can produce proof of purchase. And why is Samsung bowing to the Telcos and not releasing unlocked phones in North America? Hopefully, I will not have to deal with warranty issues, but I don't see this going well if I do.2. All the bloatware Samsung include with the phone. There are tons and tons of apps I will never use. Why not give customers the option to remove apps that is of no interest to them. These take up precious memory that you cannot reclaim. Painstakingly disable each app is not sufficient. There should be a uninstall option with no reinstall with future OS upgrades. The only plus is this unlocked phone has slightly less bloatware than a phone purchased from a Telco.Upon receiving the phone, I thought it would definitely be a five star product. After turning it on, I was immediately disappointed with all the crap on the screen and no option to remove them. Thankfully, the phone is still usable (after disabling most of the included apps) and the call quality is great.

Its a great smartphone , it is just how it was described.and everything came fast . And the phone is so asome

Still getting familiar with it. S pen can be a little overly sensitive at times. A little bigger than the original note ( mine died) makes it pocket pop-outable...otherwise working great. Does take micro sim, not regular. I did't see that anywhere in the info. Wish i could store data and apps from the device to the sd card..i know theres apps and utube info on this but haven't had any luck with that. These are just nit picky things really. Phone is great, would recommend

Didn't get to use it, carrier wouldn't activate it,sent it back the next day.So there's no way I can rate it.

This is an amazing phone. I like the fast internet and the screen appearance. I just bought the phone, but it came to be what i think i wanted.

This is a great phone.The screen is big enough to show all the details that it is capable of displaying and the phone is still small enough to fit in a pocket!Is is pretty potent too, no lag, no force closes no problems!

I use ver***n service and checked with them. They supported this model. However, when I brought my unlocked &#34;German&#34; phone into the service center. They couldn't set up my account because of software issues. The company delivered exactly what it said it would, they just didn't explain that unlocked don't mean squat.

This is like combining a samsung note 10.1 with a sumsung galaxy s4. Great for pics too. It is great for some who wants the features of a tablet but needs in a kindle size. Its a great for a professional who needs documents on the go while having access to a phone.

This phone is ultra fast.Great for browsing internetComes with good instructions for major functions andNote 2 specific features the first time you turn the phone onCons: not many accessories avalible so farThis is not glass and metal case like iphone.This is just plastic but the screen is glass

it is an Awesome Device i Have Had used. Thank u Samsung. everyone should Try it and go How weLL this Device is.

Samsung corporate told me on chat that they do not make a factory unlocked, non-carrier version of the phone. Odd, since it seems to be right here, and there's over 30 5 star reviews. Then again, salesmen know people look for that when they consider buying. I wonder how hard it would be for salesmen to get online and write a ton of great 5 star reviews that sound really genuine and believable.Here's another question. Why is it out of all these reviews, nobody seemed surprised to get a carrier version? Odd that--since several Samsung techs were VERY clear to me that THEY ONLY MAKE CARRIER VERSIONS, and these must be purchased through the carriers.I wonder who's lying here. Since I sold cell phones for over half a decade, I can tell you first hand that aside from the very basic, immediately verifiable facts, you can't believe a word they say. They'd sell you your own suicide if they could get away with it.

This phone is simply amazing. I am an AT&T; customer and since this is the international version, you just need to take it for unlocking. Being the international version, you get the better processor and performance than the carrier branded version.The phone is blazingly fast and the multi-window feature is pretty nifty, although not very useful realistically, just in some rare occasions. The stylus is the most convenient feature ever in a smartphone since the color screen. It is super useful for note taking, screen captures and precise clicking on tricky pages. The other "Samsung" features (gesture support, air view, etc.) are all ok and useful. The screen is huge and colorful and a joy to use to watch movies and videos. Basically, this phone is a mini computer. Just to get this straight, this phone is so cool and multipurpose that I even considered buying a Bluetooth keyboard to replace my computer. No joke. You can even download torrents and use PDFs, Office files and scan and everything (with the proper apps, and I only download free apps).Structurally, the build quality looks pretty good but the phone is mostly plastic and very fragile. My HUGE critique of this phone is that without a cover, it is as slippery as a bar of soap. You HAVE to get a cover for this phone, to prevent slipperiness and to protect it from falls. I have a super cheap, brand-less, made-in-china $10 dollar plastic/rubber cover and it works like a charm. The trick is to find a cover that doesn't add to its overall thickness (I had an Otterbox for the phone and it turned it into a literal brick). The phone size without the cover is big (duh!) but it fits into jeans fine. I mostly store it in my back pocket and it only protrudes just a bit. You can also put it in front pocket and it will look and feel ok. If I am wearing thin dress pants or going out somewhere really fancy, I take the rubber cover off and take it naked (no cover) in a jacket pocket or a pants pocket and it feels fine.The only other problem I encountered was receiving text messages. The phone apparently stopped receiving text messages at least once a week (apparently a common issue for this unit), but it has not given me that problem in a quite a while (maybe an update fixed it?).Overall, this is the best phone I have ever owned. I have owned it for around 8 months now and it is still going strong. I also own a brand new Galaxy S4 by T-Mobile (for work) and my Note is still my favorite by miles.Get this phone! You will not regret it!

My girlfriend bought this phone and comes with a lock for the cellular network. To unlock it, I need to know the previous operator. Could you tell me, what is this operator?

The Samsung Note 2 does everything better than the S3 and has additional tablet like features. We all know that the build quality is great and that it has impressive technical specs. The phone is basically a quad core 1.6ghz mini computer that is like a node for my brain. This thing makes me feel like a cyborg, because I depend on it a lot due to its' high productivity and instant network connectivity. It basically makes life a whole lot easier. I love 4G LTE, and I vouch for GSM. I can swap devices or put in prepaid simcards internationally if I wanted to.There is also something more inspiring about the Note 2 than the S3 and iPhone 5. That is because of its very accurate S-pen stylus. Evernote + Microsoft OneNote make this phone an excellent device for school. I can hand write my notes using the S-pen's handwriting software and upload my digital notebooks onto the web. The S-pen has also enabled me to continue drawing and practice design w/ Autodesk's Sketchbook pro. Before being an architectural draftsman, I was a Fine-Arts major and this phone has helped me to continue working on my sketching skills. I prefer drawing on this phone than using my Wacom intuos 4 tablet. Its a very efficient and convenient phone for academic and artistic purposes.Negative speculations:There are some negative things about owning an Android phone. One of the reasons that this phone suffers is because of the sub standards android + Samsung maintains. Samsung manufactures cheaper phones and Android has to work w/ other cheap-ass devices as well, so the reliability and app market suffers. Apple is able to have the best app developers favor their devices because they have only one phone model's specs to program. This continues to make apple phones the best for apps and peripheral devices. I think that won't be an issue some time in the future, however. Also the music player on this phone sucks. It came w/ about 4 or 5 media players and I don't know which one is the default one. Almost all of those media players require a monthly payment. To me the best user friendly phone media player would be Windows phone 7's Zune player. It can easily play and search music + podcasts even while driving. Try changing a song on Android, and you could crash.Positives:The positive thing about using this phone, is that its an instant HDD every time its connected to a PC via usb/blue tooth. Dragging files to and from the phone is easy unlike the hyper intrusive Zune and iTunes programs. There is no converting audio files or transferring seed folders to proprietary software.WP7 users know how inconvenient it is to add Zune + Xbox live accounts just to add some music and play mini games on their phones. Itunes is just as bad, there is none of that intrusive crap w/ the Note 2. I mentioned that the Media player was crappy, but it is able to play uncompressed .Flac, .aiff, and .wav files. The Note 2 is a high quality music player, it just needs a nicer looking music player interface.I've tried the same apps on other android devices, but on the Note 2 they run better and faster.Like I said, this phone is a better version of the SIII in everyway. It has a faster processor, better battery life, larger screen, and large storage potential. Plus its has the S pen which is more than a gimmick.

Really like this phone. Has great features.Nice slim design. Great screen resolution. Easy to use. Well worth the price.

Disclosure I did not buy from this seller, had to buy from Docomo (I'm stationed in Japan) but I went here to Amazon for my reviews and was appreciative of them.  Phones we have had over the years: Original Moto Driod, HTC incredible, Driod Bionic, Blackberry,  Driod X, iPhone 4s (iPad 2, Nexus 7, Xoom, ASUS Transformer all in the house).  I tried owning the iPhone 4s, because most people that have iPhones would give their life up for Apple so I had to try it out.  Had it for 4 months, and it wasn't for me.  I think the iPad is better than all if not most Andriod tablets but not the phone.  I have had andriod since before 2.1 and have seen the changes.  iOS is VERY fluid and operates well.  That being said Jelly Bean (4.1+) is just as fluid.  I am a large multi-tasker and crashed my iPhone 4s many times, meaning I have pushed the iPhone to the limit.  I asked some of my iHeads what tricks they had, there were none they were just happy I was using my phone well.  Some apps did look prettier on the iPhone because of the developer.  Things that made me break my contract and switch to this phone was the screen size, widgets, customizable OS (having multiple programs be able to open/share my pdfs or pictures, more efficient keyboard etc), free apps, NOTIFICATIONS, and Google's products: gmail, calendar (the widget and month view are why I finally switched I missed a meeting with Apple's calendar) maps, voice etc, that I love and are better experienced on the android.  But if you are wondering iPone vs Andriod look to other reviews. I think it is helpful to state where you come from to give a perspective, slightly more bias toward android but obviously not completely.  iPhone 5 is lighter than the 4s and slightly bigger but very narrow!  The 4s seemed like this glass square that was going to shatter on the next drop.My debate was going between the Galaxy S3 or the Note II.  95% of what I do on my phone is the internet, if you include texts then probably 99%.  I am in Japan and my calls are per min and if I'm going to call the US I'm using Ooma.  I wanted more screen size to read easier. Looking at the Note 2 it is big especially compared to the S3.  I'm 6'8" (which all `big people' reviews loved this phone) and I can barely wrap my fingers completely around so they touch. If you can palm a basketball you must own this phone it's a no brainer.  Use your size for good.  Normal sized people can enjoy this masterpiece as well! It is slightly faster than the S3 (which I think is the perfect screen size for the masses. I would hit the wrong letter often on the small iPhone 4s and the 5's width isn't bigger). In your hand it doesn't feel as big as it looks.  Tactile illusion? Although everyone always asks is that an ipad mini? There are options to make things like the keyboard smaller for 1 handed operations.  I switch between 1 and 2 and don't mind the large keyboard but again, you can customize this phone to you.  It fits in my pockets easily, that wasn't a concern as I have a nexus 7 that can fit easily.  The iphone would spin in my pocket horizontal anyway and take up the same space, if not more because this phone would be difficult to spin in a pocket.  I'm someone though when I sit down I hate things in my pockets and take everything out.  Also you know where it is and don't accidently put other things in that pocket!The software seems just as fast if not smoother than my iPhone.  I've seen video comparisons but now it's getting really too close to call.  I didn't know if the S-pen would be something I would use and I still don't know if I would miss it.  I think my kids like it more than anything.  That all being said the MULTI-window-multi task is phenomenal! The pop up window browser is a great idea to quick get info. I encourage you to look at the videos showing this. All the android options save 2 or three touches per app it seems but that all adds up. If you have a BB or an android the LED is awesome. No more turning on the phone to see if anyone contacted you.  I also have a different sound for every notification email txt msg etc so you can let it lapse.  Google now is a great feature that you must see that is on all 4.1 Jell Bean phones and tablets.  Chrome is great how bookmarks and search history are synced so that you can open your tabs that are open on your desktop or phone or tab.  This is on the iPhone but it's over the top of safari's engine.I am very impressed with the Camera. It has a lot of options and takes pictures very quickly. I used to be jealous of the iPhone for that specific function now it seems to be similar. I think it is faster and quality is about the same.  If you care about quality bring your SLR. The S3 looks and seems to be the same phone and I went with this guy because it was slightly bigger and the S-Pen seemed like a cool feature that I could get used to.  In a meeting using the pen to jot down a note makes it look more professional than typing on the phone, because it looks like you are texting etc.  Well with the note 2 the top screen could be a chat and the bottom screen notes!Things I don't like: the main button, I'd prefer having the Google black bar at the bottom, although the absence of this helps with more screen size in landscape which is why I think they did it. But Jelly Bean and ICS have the multitask button right there where the note you have to press and hold the main button. I do like having the back button on the right side because I'm right handedNow the next question for me is do I get a surface or the Galaxy Note Tab?

You just sent me an email about the review guidelines. Customers don't really have the appetite to give great comments when they encounter terrible experience. I've seen plenty comments on your website that were even stronger than my comment on a whole bad experience. It does not matter if it is product or sales, the whole thing is a combination of customer satisfaction. You need to enhance customer experience and rather being negative on customer frustration.

This is a great product. i have the gn2 since 1 year. my co-workers are stunned by this marvelous hardware. it is like having a little computer in your pocket. with a normal use the battery will last a full day.

Even if it have a big screen, it's very comfortable to use and it's performance is the best....

I can't complain. The product was good and arrived quickly and as advertised. No problems, which is always a good thing.

Not even sure where to start. I've had many iphones and various tablets but nothing as cool as the Note 2. Gorgeous screen, awesome size, super fast, way more features than any other device, excellent battery life and just flat out awesome. My new all time favorite device.

Its a nice phone to have but I got my phone with a crack in the screen...but other then that um very happy with my phone

The Galaxy Note 2 is superb in most ways except one.  In the battle between nerds and sales people, the nerds have truly won out.  By a lot.  In other words, it is not consumer-friendly for the average consumer.  In setting it up, one is confronted with numerous compulsory choices that are unclear, ambiguous and risky.  Though I spent over 4 hours studying the online manual, I now have a costly device where access to what I need is uncertain.  And where simple operations on most smart phones seemingly are not available though I suppose they exist somewhere.  In conclusion, if you  have the knowledge to survive complexity and complications that produce unpredictable results, the Note 2 may be for you.  I chose it over an Apple product because of its size and greater visibility -- more like a tablet.  I am sorry I did.

Had my Note two less than 1.5 years and already the USB port is broken.  $300 phone on contract and they use crap cheap parts to make these things and it's only a matter of time before it won't work any more.  Plastic piece of useless crap

It is a great phonewith amazing featuresI rely on it to do essays, homework, snap notes and photos.All my life is on this phone

The phone is great, nice looking.  feel like i have both a phone and a tablet which is what i wanted.  The one down fall i have realized thus far is the battery life.  i find myself charging my phone sometimes twice a day even after downloading a juice defender.

This is the best phone I have ever owned.FAST, LIGHT, BIG SCREEN.  Love it!!My only gripe is I have none.

better than my galaxy s3,bigger screen bigger battery and bigger ram,love it so much, and all the function of the phone just like a pc.

The Phone looked great and was in very good condition. I have loved every single second spent with this phone and now I'm just worried because I think Samsung just set the phone bar way too high and it'll be hard for me to use any other phone after this one.

great phone.  but i couldnt use it.  i wanted to use it with straight talk but when we bought it, it was stated as unlocked but did not state what carriers it supported.  we wanted verizon and it was a t mobile carrier.  it was a dissappointment.

I have had a few iphones (3GS, 4, 4s) and then made the jump to Android to a HTC Inspire 4G, I wasn't blown away with the HTC phone as I bought it end of cycle on it's life then just recently had a forced AT&T; update and the 600MB of RAM just wasn't cutting anymore. I looked at the iphone 5 my friends have them and wondered how and why Apple is not keeping up with other device manufacturers?? There was no way I was going back to a smaller screen. I looked at the Galaxy S3 and wondered why people are buying this phone with the STRONG Blue/Green HUE (the whites aren't white) people I talk to didn't notice until I brought it up and compared to another brand phone. I looked at the Galaxy Note and thought WOW this is awesome but heard that the Note 2 was being launched soon and to wait...BEST ADVICE I had gotten - I am glad I waited!The Note 2 is FREAKING AWESOME. The screen is much brighter and whiter than the S3 without that strong blue/green hue cast to it. The phone is super responsive and Jelly Bean is just as good if not better than iOS 6 (IMHO) even my wife whom is a diehard iphone user was extremely impressed with the GN2. She thought it is too big for her use but said it was perfect for me. I am an older person 49 the smaller screens just don't cut it anymore -- I can actually read my emails WITHOUT my READING GLASSES. Everything is bigger on the display - though web browsing you see more on the screen but it's not actually larger.There are two complaints - #1. The AT&T; phone DOES NOT COME with HEADPHONES! For $299 this phone should come with headphones (not a deal breaker as I ordered them here on Amazon for $5.50 but I thought people should be aware! #2. As of this writing the phone does not have the split screen capabilities the international version has.If you are on the fence between this and the S3 the real difference for most is going to be the size of the device. I can easily fit the Note 2 in my jeans pocket with ease it doesn't stick out (your jeans may vary).

This one came in a different language and without instructions, which was a huge bummer for me since it went directly to someone I'd purchased it for as a gift.

Bought this phone through Amazon last April and it's (by far) the best phone I have ever owned. The display is crisp and perfectly sized. The S pen is a great feature, especially if you don't have a paper and pen handy. Overall, I would recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't mind thinking outside of the iphone box.

If you looking at this your at least considering this phone. Do it!! This phone is amazing. The only concern I had at first was the size. After 15 minutes I was used to it. Now I feel that my iphone is tiny. My friends who have an iphone 5 when I pick it up I'm like where did you get this little tiny baby phone?? lolOverall great experience. I put the extra money into getting the factory unlocked and I don't regret it. Not only do you get the updates directly from Samsung you also have a carrier logo free phone. Looks clean!

wish you were up front about not capable of 4glte be clear about your products abilitys so people arnt disappointed

It's an AT&T; phone, and unfortunately, after many attempts at trying to get it to work, it would not connect to the network (it needed  a &#34;SIM Network Unlock Pin&#34;. I called T-Mobile, my provider, who said I should go to AT&T; for the unlock code; then, AT&T; said they couldn't help me.I mean, the phone hardware (from Samsung) and seller (Moh) were both good, with no complaints - but my provider apparently can't help, and AT&T; has been less than helpful; thus, the phone remains a brick unless I can get an unlock key.

I averaged one freeze per day on this phone.  I then exchanged it for the same model, and the one I exchanged it for was worse.  I returned that one as well.  I would advise if you see any odd behavior, I would exchange it immediately before your first 14 days is up.

The Smartphone is excellent. It is practical and ideal for table functions and phone. Recommended. It is comfortable, with beautiful design and works perfectly in Venezuela.

I bought this phone primarily as I dislike the small screens of the first few generations of smart phones.  This phone is a very fast, has a beautiful display, and works great.  I use the stylus for notes and for crossword puzzles.  Phone works great with or without the stylus.Would buy another, for sure.

You never believe how huge about this phone and many different from my iphone. the screen is so clear and easy to control it

After 8 years with Blackberry and a couple knowing that I had to change to another operating system, this was the best decision I could have made...!

I love this phone and its a good one for bein unlocked so its a good product I say buy it

So I was really nervous about leaving Verizon (been with them nearly 12 years.  I considered just getting the Verizon version but after weighing the pros and cons, I went with the unlocked option and got Straight Talk.  So far so good (ok, so the data speed is definitely not as good, but it's not that bad either).As for the phone...PHABULOUS (sorry).  Yes, it is fabulous.  It was easy to set up and the screen is gorgeous.  Even though my last Samsung also had a similar camera, photos just seem to look better here.  I haven't begun to explore all the cool functions since I've had it less than 24 hours, but I am glad I didn't get a phone with all sorts of bloatware.I didn't get the flip case for the phone, but after playing around with it for a bit, I think that's what I'm ordering next to protect this beauty!Will update after a few weeks of use.UPDATE:  So I've had this phone for three weeks and LOVE it.  It still creeps me out that the phone's "watching" me to make sure not to dim the screen if I'm looking at it, but it's a cool feature.  The camera/video quality is excellent...the pop up apps on the sidebar are amazing...and I'm slowing getting used to the spen.  I also like that I can minimuze my video while I do other things (although I've used that feature just a few times).  My fav feature is the ability to "swipe" (or continuous type as I think they put it) in multiple languages - not just English like my previous Android phones).As for leaving Verizon and going with StraightTalk, I'm perfectly happy with the service, reception, etc.  Except for weaker reception than normal in my concrete building (reception was never that great), I barely notice the difference.The battery life is BEYOND amazing.  My previous phone was a Samsung Charge and I used to be low or super low by 3pm.  Now, I use the phone non-stop and still have 20-30% of battery life by 9:00 pm.Yes, it's big.  Yes, it's a bit harder to do things one handed (especially since I'm terrified of dropping the phone - although I dropped it once onto a tile floor and everything was just fine).  BUT...I'm glad I got this unlocked phone and I wish I could afford to get this as gifts for all my friends and family because it's a must have.

This phone is fast. I held off on responding for 3 months since I received this.  I did this for a couple of reasons. 1) It is big and 2) I didn't have experience with the Jelly Bean Android OS.1) Big Phone - this phone works great and fits in my front pocket.2) The OS works great.3) The Battery -  If you keep bluetooth, GPS, and Wi-fi on all day long, your battery won't last you with any phone.  I set the phone on battery saver mode.  If I don't stream radio all day, I can get two days of use out of this phone. I also don't talk on the phone all day. I use this for 3 to 4 calls a day. I purchased this mainly to stay connected with my emails.I would certainly recommend this phone to anyone.  Get a 64GB microSDXC chip.  I have used my phone to store files many times.

I love this phone! There's no phone like it....marvelous!!! It has everything good you may think of...am enjoying it Sooo much...

I had an S3.  Bought a Note.  I realized that I miss some of the S3 functionality in the Note.  The Note 2 is a merge of the best of both devices.  If you're thinking about getting an S3 or the Note 2, get the Note 2.  Get a bluetooth ear piece if using the Note 2 bothers you.  Doesn't bother me at all.

I was very impressed with the condition of the phone. The phone was used but looked as if it hadn't been really used. the phone works great and charges great. The battery life is amazing on this phone. Only problem I had was my sim card, I had to order a smaller micro sim card for this phone but overall no complaints from me. Thanks so much for this product (:

This phone is international phone but not USA phone.  I thought it was sell in USA; However, it is ship from China.  The ac charger is too big too fix in USA plug.  The phone is color gray but the ac adaptor is white.  I does not have 4 G for my Tmobile , so it is very slow connection for online.

Had my Note 2 for a few months now and after getting over the learning curve with Android I'm very pleased with it.It does have a few issues like the Smart Stay and various of the gesture features not working consistently but overall I'm very pleased with the device.

I bought this phone in January. Recently that touch screen has completely stopped working, I suspect it was the cause of the random freezes and restarts I had started to see about a month ago too which I though was software related but factory resets didn't help. Samsung USA won't support this phone, they are apparently clueless on it and direct you to its country of origin in my case UAE (can be anywhere... India, Bulgaria, etc.) even though it was still manufactured like all the others in Korea. So after talking to Samsung in UAE they want me to ship it there for any type of warranty support which won't be cheap or fast.I had faith in Samsung but this recent failure of them to be able to support an "International" phone internationally has given me second thoughts. The reason I purchased this phone was so I could use it while traveling, which worked great.

Been using the Note 2 for 18 months now and still love it. I am a very heavy business user and a play lot of multimedia during my time off and the phone delivers better than expected.The battery is now showing signs of age but is still way better than any iPhone and still keeps going for a full business day. This is normal though as every battery has a number of charging cycles.The only complain for me now and it is was known thing when I got it is the lack of 4G which will probably make me buy another phone pretty soon

It shipped quickly. It works great, didn't have any trouble adding it to my ATT account. The only problem was that it was set for some other language that caused some problems getting it switched to english. It has been a good phone.

You will not be disappointed with this smartphone. Very fast and does everything smoothly. Can't go wrong with the battery life which is much better than my Note 1.

how could a 700 dollar phone have such cheap screen.  I know why samsuch make the screen so cheap, its because they want people to keep on spending 150 dollars on after market parts so they can rake in as much cash as possible.  Its horrible that we as consumers let these companies do these things to us.

I got this phone for my father, he LOVED it!  The only problem he's had is that since it's so big, the glass is a bit more delicate than a smaller phone and when he accidentally dropped it, the screen cracked.  It wasn't too difficult to get a new screen and now he has a protector to keep that from happening again :)

received item with broken screen and sent it back. So I did not test it because of problem stated above.

With this product, Samsung nailed it. I won't say it's perfect, especially because it's somehow a niche product. However it comes pretty close to perfection. It's really hard to mention all I've been able to see this far, but I can tell this thing keeps impressing me time after time, it's highly versatile and customizable.For starters, it has the same glossy finish than the Galaxy S3. On this model (the grey one) fingerprints become easily noticeable and you can't help thinking it will scratch easily. But I need to say that hiperglazed glossy finish looks awesome on this oversized phone. And by the size itself, it will impress ebverybody around, whether that's what you look for or not.The screen is amazing. Even with less pixels and a bigger screen than the original Note, the sharpness is much higher. The deep blacks of the Super AMOLED are great for watching media, playing games and drawing. It can be tricky for taking photos (color accuracy is not the best around) or displaying great white areas, which demands more power. The screen is also a tad dimmer that the one on the original Note, but that's probably beacuse of the revamped built in digitalizer. Viewing angles and sunlight visibility are quite good, as with other AMOLEDs.Buttons are on the usual positions and are easy to press. You need to be careful to not press them by accident, but I can tell you one gets used to it pretty fast. The S Pen. This S Pen feels quite better. It's bigger and more comfortable to hold and much more precise/pressure sensitive. It will allow you to do a whole load of new things. Quick pen gestures are great. You draw a custom figure to trigger one action (toggle wifi or bluetooth, look up something in the web, call/text). Taking memos, partial screenshots, scribbling has all become more enjoyable and accurate.Update: The hovering function comes handy in your mail and SMS inbox, allowing you to see more content without even opening the items (you hover the pen and content info pops up). You can also hover over web elements as you should with a mouse (hovering equals a mouseover and taping equals a click) improving the desktop like experience while browsing the web. If you got shaky hands it can be tricky, since you can easily end up touching the screen while hovering.The camera is an average 8 mpx shooter with 1080p recording, but the camera interface is now much more enjoyable now though. Battery life has been great til now.  In the end those 3100 mA really help despite the gigantic screen. Jellybean and Touchwiz combo is full of new tricks. It has a slight learning curve, but once you get to see all the features (I keep discovering them) there are many exploitable advantages over the majority of mobile OSs/Skins out there. From the news ticker on the lock screen to the way you can look up stuff with Google now or S Voice, the automatic menus that pop out when conecting the earbuds or removing the S Pen from the slot, it's all quite impressive and potentially useful.Call audio quality is crisp enough. The address book has been simplified, the text autocorrection is much more accurate. Reception isn't the greatest, but that's more a smartphone issue and quite consistent in Samsung and other brands' handsets. Reception outages occur inside certain thick walled buildings and is slightly affected by the rain. It's also true my local carrier doesn't have the best service out there. The phone itself is easier to hold than the original Note and even with a phone this big, Samsung managed to keep it pretty lighweight. I'd definitely recomend to use a case on it even if it adds some bulk (I bought a generic in the meantime, eagerly waiting for an Otterbox Defender to come out).If one handed operation or pocketability are big concerns for you (one handed operation is kinda hard even with medium-big hands like mine, but it's highly pocketable unless you use small/tight pockets), don't ditch this phone without giving it a chance. Try it at a local store and you could be surprised of all you can get in exchange for those 2 compromises.I'll be updating this review as soon as I find out more.Update: LTE! There are many people commenting about this. Apparently there's a version of the international Note 2 (not the N7100) that sports LTE, the model number is N7105 and it comes with "LTE 700 MHz Class 17 / 2100" (Sources: GSM Arena, Engadget and XDA forums). If you have a N7100 the LTE radio is simply not there. However this is not guarantee that the N7105 will work with AT&T;'s or Tmo's LTE, it all depends if those frequencies are compilant with those carriers' respective LTE signals. As LTE network compatibility can be a deal breaker for many people within the US, I suggest you to research very well before buying it. If someone can squeeze any info out of AT&T; or Tmo, please comment. To shed more light on this issue, you can Google the xda thread 1917383. (Geez, all this makes me feel kinda happy I don't have to worry about LTE compatibility yet).Update Oct 14th: I got my first over-the-air update today, which brought the multi tasking bar. Some selected apps (Chat On, Mail [stock], Facebook, Gallery, Chrome, Gmail, Google Talk, Web browser [stock], Google Maps, Messages, S Note, Video Player and YouTube apps) can work on split-screen mode two at a time (you can also have a resizable pop up video on top of those 2 apps). So far I'm loving this!Update Feb  19th 2014: some sour grapes. I finally got the official JB 4.3 update from Samsung after a long wait. The update rendered my phone pretty much unusable, with random restarts and crashes going on. I had around 120 apps intalled, so I figured some of them might be conflicting with the OS update. I wasn't going to uninstall 50+ apps trying to find out the problematic one(s). So after a full back up of my messages, contacts, call logs and other stuff I proceeded to a factory reset. I left the core apps I use the most and performance has been great ever since.All in all the handset itself is still awesome, but I can't say the same thing for Samsung's software support. The Note line is their top, built to excel each year's "S" flagship. As their highest end consumer model, they should focus on providing timely and functional updates. I know both TouchWiz and the S Pen require really specific software developments, but what came with the 4.3 update was quite short of amazing or even short of enough for that matter. Besides some cosmetic changes and Knox, it's little to nothing what was changed from 4.1.2 to 4.3. Here's hoping Samsung does a more decent job with the quality and schedule of the KitKat update confirmed today.

i love this bc is a multi-task device and as a designer it helps me alot..is a must have...i got it for my wife bc she needs it too..

I have the SGN2 in white.  I wanted to give a short review and will update later when things calm down in my life.  This phone is stunning.  I have only two bought apps and one is called anti-aquarium with fish swimming around.  This phone makes that app look killer.  Everything on this phone is stellar.  It is very fast, no stuttering with screen changes, the 4G lite network is very fast with minimal load times on internet.  Quad core is clearly fast.  No comparison. Jelly Bean is awesome.  The calendar is so much better than the one I had on Droid X.  I just love this phone.  It has face detection so screen is always faced at correct rotation.  The camera without flash is not great.  I took a bunch of pictures of my cat and only one was decent but it was dark.  it has google popup that alerts me to weather, traffic, game scores.  I used Mybackup pro to transfer pictures, Apps and contacts from old phone to SGN2.  I like the white cover and will have Otterbox defender in my possession soon.  Buy this phone if you are able.  The phone is not all that big meaning I got use to the size in just two days.  At first I thought holy crap this is big.  Now I think it is just about right size for phablet.  The only minor gripe is i cannot figure out how to keep screen on when plugged into charger.  I have it on with docking but the screen times out.  I think the next Samsung Note 3 will have higher density pixels for screen, and mabye a half inch bigger.  The sound could be a little louder through the speaker phone.  The ear speaker is loud.  The ring tones sound great.Just buy this phone!

Best phone i've had in years. User friendly. Many apps. Easy texting. Large screen. I also like using the stylus. Well done Samsung!

This is the best Samsung phone i have every had.  Out of all of the samsung phones I have ever had this is by far the very best.  I love the apps and the big screen is amazing.  I promise if they comeout with a note III I will be getting it.  The battery life is the best I can go dasys without charging and I do a lot on my phone from emailing, playing games, watching movies, and I even connect via bluetooth to my radio to ply music.

I normally wouldn't bother with reviewing anything, but at first I was reluctant to buy a used cell from anywhere. I took a risk and chose to buy one through  one of Amazon's third party venders &#34; Open Group Wireless&#34;. I ordered the phone on April 17 and received it on the 19th (standard shipping). My phone was in EXCELLENT condition. Came with all of it's accessories. +10 up Amazon and Open Group Wireless. I haven't had any issues with my product at all. No scratches!

You said this was UNLOCKED for ALL carriers!!! This is NOT true. Those who do not KNOW the difference between CDMA and GSM phones, buyer BEWARE. This will ONLY work w/AT&T, T-Mobile, Boost. If you have SPRINT or VERIZON, it will NOT work.....

I had a BlackBerry for a long time, but I had to pay every month for that stupid service, and it got pretty old also, so I decided to get a smart phone. Every phone I have looked at, it was nice but it didn't strike me, until one day walking in the mall they were exposing Note II, loved the design!!! Since I am not good with technology, and I don't really care about it, I was a bit concerned about me and touch screen and all that new stuff, I though it would take me months, so even though Note II sounded pretty spiffy, I still got it!!! I love the phone right now!!! I have been using it for the last 4 days, and its EASY to use, even though there are some stuff I had to look at it on videos on youtube, but in general, its EASY! I read a lot of articles, laws and media, and the screen size is good, it is a bit big when you talk on the phone, but I'm sure you'll get used to it! Love the phone!!!

I feel this is better than Nexus. good clarity and lots of smart feature. they should provide a smart cover as Apple does.

I purchased two Note 2's and I must say it is the best and fastest smart phone (phablet) I have ever had the pleasure of using. People complain about the plastic body but I love it! Bought the titanium gray because the white doesn't look as premium. Phone is big but not too big as people claim but its a matter of personal opinion. My hand started to cramp up after using it for a while (lol) because..well they are small-average sized. I didn't think I would but I am liking the s-pen more and more and I am surprised to be using it at all. The screen is absolutely stunning. The screen size is just perfect at 5.5 inches. I Love the high contrast saturated colours especially when watching a full length film.Phone is very fast. Had several apps running in the background and didn't realize I left them open until i checked the task manager. Also, loving the motion gestures, yes they are gimmicks but they are very cool and most of them are useful. I could write an epistle about this phone but I won't. I DEFINITELY recommend this phone. Even though its several months old its still 1 of the best on the market and the price is very reasonable in my opinion.

Although a fun of Samsung Galaxy, I initially did not want to buy this because I already had the S2. Hey that was wrong, Note 2 is simply amazing. Does all the stuff you need in a phone

I love the big screen and the photos from the camera are amazingly sharp! I would recommend it to people I know.

I used it for 6 months until it started giving me trouble.Guess what it was the BIGGEST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE!!!It had sound problems. I contacted Samsung and they told me that this unit does not have a US warranty.No warranty??? NGP US STORE Are you selling stolen units??? I paid almost $725 for it.I will be sure to give you 1 star rating and post this on your seller rating.

I was not advised this phone was an International phone. It would have made owning this  a lot easier. Other than that, the phone works fine.

I never ordered something some expensive from Amazon and i was a little scared but i wanted it so bad.  I got the phone on time it was in Samsung packing, meaning that it had Samsung bar codes, and once i opened it, YES that was SGN 2  :)So far i am very happy with the phone, its fast its HUGE, its just amazing. I was watching a lot of reviews on line for this version of the phone and its exactly it. Do note that this phone is European version and it doesnt not support 4G, i dont need 4G, i dont care about it, the reason i wanted a no contract phone is because i am tired of paying 100 dollars a month for a plan. This way i can pay 30 a month and still have the phone i like and over 2 years i will even save money.Thank you

I waited a long time for this and I made the right decision. I just pulled the T-Mobile SIM from my other phone, popped it in this one and we are up and running. I did have to trim my SIM to a micro SIM but that was easy. There are many easy to follow tutorials and templates on the internet for trimming a regular SIM down to a micro SIM. Just search for "how to trim a sim card to micro sim"Like it was said before, this a is a computer with a phone inside it. I love everything about it, it's easy to use, easy to set up, it connects to WiFi quicker than my home computer. The stylus with writing recognition software is great for my chicken scratch writing.I was initially worried about the size of the phone and whether it would fit in my pocket. I can say it fits in the back pocket of every pair of pants I have worn so far and I am already used to the size of the phone, even just after a week of use.I gave it 5 stars because I couldn't give it more.Very, very happy with the Galaxy Note 2.

This Galaxy Note 2 replaces my old Galaxy 7.7 in phone/tablet (the international version p6800 has phone capabilities). The 7.7 was just too big! I love my Note 2 -- although I must say that I wish it was slightly larger, because I also use it as a tablet replacement, especially for reading using the Kindle app. I will not go into the technical specifications of this phone, as most professional reviewers cover those details in much more depth. Below are some of the highlights that I appreciate about this phone: clear and loud speakers, excellent speaker phone, beautiful large screen. I have found that the stylus is much more useful than I realized -- it really fulfills so many other functions, not just data entry.The phone uses a micro sim, so I had to have my standard size sim cut down to micro size. I like the standard micro usb charger and data port (thus no more proprietary Samsung cords). After months and months of research, I think that for the size of this phone, there is no real competition as yet. There are lots of phone in the pipeline to offer some competition, but the Galaxy Note 2 is here now!

I Bought this phone for it to suddenly stop working with no warning. turns out the motherboard completely died on me.Good Luck getting anywhere with customer service. The US Samsung CS turned me down saying this is a UK phone. UK tells me this phone is made in the UAE, and UAE tells me that the phone is manufactured in Africa so they can't do anything. I got no where and ended up with > 600$ down the drain.Beware of this Seller and Beware of Samsung Products.

My friend has it and is using it with the new Unlimited everything (including hotspot) plan that just came out from Solavei. Runs off T-Mobile and at&t;'s 4G network for $49/mo and ends up bein free or making you money every month instead. It just launched in September and is taking the money that would other wise be wasted on the same old repetitive advertising and giving it to the people for sharing with others. $20 for every 3 people you enroll every month for as long as they have the service+another $20 for every 3 people they add as well... It adds up let me tell ya. Also coming to Europe next yearLearn more at [...][...]

The big screen is great but it comes at a price... be warned, this is a two handed device. Recommended

WORKS GREAT WITH MY SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE II. MODEL N7100MULTIPLE FUNCTIONS ... FAST ON THE SELECTION OF APPLICATIONS .. 8MP PHOTOGRAPHS OF EXCELLENT QUALITY AND VIDEO is likewise ... You can shoot video and take photos without switching applications ... Open files. PDF,. WORD, or  .PPT not ARE NEED THE SOFTWARE (ADOBE OR MIC. OFFICE) that would require to be worked.If you love video games is an option ... This phone is nothing difference with the DS OR VITA ..

Everything was in some European language. Reading other comments, I hear there is no warranty or anything of that sort for Canada. It came with white accessories on a black device and a plug made for some europe and asia, with a sloppy North American plug converter attached.The device is good, the seller just needs to be transparent and not try to outsmart the customers. I don't like that part at all.

I am amazed with the new Samsung Galaxy Note II (SGN II) that features a lot of unique options. SGN II has great characteristics. It has a remarkable display, camera, S-pen, and multi-tasking screen. This device has the largest screen out of all smartphones which is 5.5 inches, with super HD AMOLED display. The screen produces pictures in such clarity because AMOLED displays have faster pixel switching response times than do traditional OLED displays. Also, its 8MP camera is great in capturing and recording because it features with many options. For instance, SGN II has face detection modes, panorama modes, burst shots, scence mode, filters, and many more.Likewise with SGN II recorder, that contains the same features with three options for recording mode that are: normal, fast motion, and slow motion. Besides that, SGN II came armed with an S-Pen which makes SGN II very creative compared to an IPhone 5. This pen allows SGN II users to draw and write on its screen and it gets typed, no matter how bad your hand writing is, SGN II recognizes the word and types at the same time. In addition, SGN II is the only smartphone that features with a multi-tasking mode, which allows you to use two applications at once by splitting the screen into two halves for each application. For example, you can watch a movie on Netflix and check your e-mail at the same time.A lot of people avoid SGN II due to its gigantic size. However, SGN II's size is not a huge problem since it has a lot of great features. I have been using it for over a months and I have never had an issue with its size, because the phone is very light, and comfortable. Overall, this phone has great benefits for people that are looking are looking for a reliable phone.

THIS IS THE BEST SMARTPHONE. GOOG PRICE, GREAT QUALITY, ITS MORE THAN A SIMPLE PHONE, ITS A REAL TABLET PHONE

Hi,I don't have to say much.I recommend this product, everything is okey.The box include the next:1. Cellphone2. Headphones3. Batery4. USB Cable + Adapter5. Part for the headphones6. ManualI'm very happy with the seller... Thank you very much! :)

The ad does not suggest that this phone can only be registered in australia and if you use it in US you would receive no authorised customer service.So if anything goes wrong with the phone after you purchase there would be no place where you can get it service here in the US.The ad does not mention this.Then if you return it you are charged a minimum of 15% stocking fee.This is fraud.

I haven't bought it, but I like it vey much! I think I will wait until next year. I prefer the white Galaxy Note 2.

The note is designed to operate in Europe and not America. I tried AT&T and T-Mobile and none of the apps worked. All I could do was listen to my music and make and receive calls. The site did not address this in the information about the phone.

The best phone that I&#8217;ve ever had!!! It does all the things that I need and some more, only a couple of things on the downside one is that after being an Iphone user for many years it&#8217;s a bit hard to learn how this one works (mainly because it has so many options that the Iphone didn&#8217;t, which is great because let&#8217;s you personalize your phone and your experience with it to a level no Iphone could) the other thing, at least for me is the S pen it&#8217;s also a bit hard to understand how does it work and what you can or can&#8217;t do with it. Everything else is on the upside, the size of the screen, the ability to use it as a flash drive, download programs on the go and then when you get home you can install them in your computer, and many many other things I may be forgetting right now, but for me it was a great change from the too restrictive Iphone/Itunes nightmare to a more friendly Android.

This is the &#34;international version&#34;. It came programmed in German, which wasn't too hard to change, but the plug does not work in US outlets.  I'd rather pay the extra hundred bucks and get one from the store ready to go.Also, the one I received had been opened and the seller was very upset I gave it a negative review.  They contacted me and tried to bully me into changing it.

A nice product and a good seller!Since I lost my iphone, I started to wondering if I should buy Samsung Galaxy note ii.  But the price in Singapore is so high I must make the decision carefully. I got the phone at a price S$100 lower than the retail price even after plus the custom  and delivery fee. It is in good condition and I am still trying to get accustomed to it from my previous iphone experience. Good gadget.

Pros -Best Phone out there.. Hands down.5.5&#34; of awesomeness.Cons -Folks with small hands might struggle to use the device.

I have had this phone for close to a year and I love it! Super user friendly. All the features have worked awesome. The only complaint is that the screen could be a little stronger. The phone I had before this was has gorilla glass so it was somewhat scratch resistant. This one doesnt have that feature. I would recommend getting the charcoal gray over the white. If you drop the white it chips of the paint and makes the phone look worse.

I have to say that coming from the Galaxy S III phone, I was a bit hesitant about getting this behemoth of a phone.  Now that I have gotten used to it, I cannot imagine my having another phone!  With it's unique size and s pen functionality, you have a mini tablet and phone in one.  Solid product from Samsung!

Very quick delievery no problems what so ever thanks a lot :)I hope other people but this awesome phone

I have AT&T and it works great fast 4g LTE. Awesome phone love it everything is great. The shipping was fast also great job Samsung and thank you Amazon. Peace

when checked the phone memory it says 10gb..shouldn't it be 16gb??i just don't get it..could someone explain this?thanks..just really wondering why the phone memory is 10gb instead of 16gb.

The phone is everything I had hoped it would be. Have to charge the battery every day however and I don't often use streaming content. Just phone and minimal internet.

Dear Jupiter Sellers,I purchased this phone from you from US Amazon in April 2013. The Amazon description did not explain that it's an international phone with NO US WARRANTY that can only be serviced by a UK Samsung Center. This is deceptive; if you are going to sell phones to US customers, you should explain if they do not have a US warranty. The SIM tray just broke and the phone is not working. Samsung is requiring me to call their UK service center to arrange for service. However because I do not have a working phone, I cannot make an international call! They do not give an option to arrange for this service over email or calling a US affiliate.I would be grateful if you could please contact me to offer to call Samsung UK at 0121 643 7373 to book this purchase for repair, in which case I would delete this negative review.

this is my first super smartphone. im from Mexico and everyone will turn there heads. i went with the note 2 becuase i wanted a tablet and cell phone but why not combine the two? its a great combination. the packaging arrivied in time and in fashion and orden. no complaints about the shipping Good job Amazon. and so far the phone is working PERFECTLY!!!

This phone has is ALL. It is easy to see (I have less than perfect vision) and it is ahead of the rest with it's technology.

Upgraded to a Galaxy 4, no service at our rural home. Antenna on S- ll much better than newer phones! If you live outside the city limits, the Galaxy ll is superior. Got my Galaxy Note ll back and all is well.Samsung- you got some 'splaining to do!...

I love this phone!!! It does everything I need plus some. So If you are thinking about getting a new smartphone and a tablet this is a great phone to go with.

It was just what I thought, I think I will keep it for a loooooooooong time! I think I'm in love!

I had bought this phone 4 weeks ago and i must say, i was amaze of it size and features.i alway buy samsung product,i bought camera,tv,blue ray,souround system.the pitcure quality of the phone is excellent,i aways tell family and friends to aways buy samsung product,i will love if samsung can sent me a phone or a galaxy camera,i guess that wont happen lol,this is one of the best phone i ever bought.

This is phone is my desktop my laptop tablet and more all in one, the money I ever spent, I can't go anywhere with out it, I was nervous about spending that kind of money online, but everything work out fine

The box says to request a user manual send an email.  I have done that three times with no response.  I do like to know the easiest ways of mastering a task and with no Iphone experience I am just having to figure it out on my own.  Otherwise I love the phone.

Eh...

This phone is amazing. It does everything you spect and more!!. the size is not a problem at all... im 6ft tall, average guy and the size of the phone is not a problem.

Seriously, this is one of the best investments I've ever made. Since I got it out of the box, I've been that much more organized and I can actually review my student's essays from the device! I'm not even eager to upgrade to the Note 3 at this time because I enjoy this phone so much!

First, a little backstory:  As of two weeks ago, I didn't know I needed this phone...hadn't even considered it.  I was reasonably happy with my GSM Galaxy Nexus.  Sure, the screen on my GN had that grating pentile "quality," but it ran stock Android with aplomb.  Then, on a whim, I purchased the Nexus 7.  I was quickly enamored with its screen - both the size and quality.  Android really shines once it is freed from the sub-5 inch form factor of most phones. I started using my N7 for almost all my mobile device needs - content consumption/creation, email, SMS (look up Tablet Talk in the Play Store) - the only function it couldn't perform was calling.  I joked to my friends that if the N7 were just a little smaller and I could insert a SIM, I'd use it as my primary mobile device.  Each time I had to use my formerly beloved Galaxy Nexus, I was disappointed with the experience - the OS just felt constrained by the smaller form factor.So, after one week of being spoiled with the screen size of the Nexus 7, I knew I wanted a phone to match, hence my purchase of the Galaxy Note II.Now, on to the obligatory pros and cons:PROS- Screen Size:  If you read my intro, you'd hopefully understood the primary reason for my purchase of this phone.  After experiencing Android on the larger screened N7, I couldn't take the constrained feeling of the OS on my Galaxy Nexus.  The Note II solved that problem.  The screen size is perfect - 5.5" really is how a modern mobile, multi-tasking OS should be experienced.- Screen Quality:  Long story short, it ain't pentile, which is a good thing.  If you've researched, you'd know it has a slightly funky RGB set-up, but bottom line:  I can't tell the set-up is any different than a standard RGB screen.  You'll like it - no, you'll love it.  Colors pop, and I cannot see pixels.  It is clearly on par with the only screen that I could ever personally compare it to:  the gold standard iPhone 4/4s.- Multi-Window Multi-Tasking:  Awesome.  Basically, Samsung allows you to split the Note II's screen into two windows, so you can have two applications running simultaneously on the screen.  For example, you could have a window on top with YouTube open, with the one on the bottom for GMail.  I've found over the past few days that my use case tends to be: top window, Chrome; bottom window, messaging.  This allows me to browse the web while quickly responding to texts.  Unfortunately, not all apps support multi-window functionality (I'd love to find an RSS reader that does, and Drive support would be awesome).  Facebook and Twitter support multi-windows, as does the aforementioned Chrome and some other apps.  As an aside, I was slightly disappointed when I initially received my Note II and discovered it was running older firmware that didn't support the multi-window functionality seen in videos.  Two days later, though, I received an OTA update that enabled it.- Touchwiz:  I was concerned when I ordered the Note II that I'd quickly tire of Touchwiz, Samsung's skinned version of Android, particularly after running stock Jelly Bean on both the Nexus 7 and Galaxy Nexus.  Surprisingly, I've found it actually enjoyable, with numerous tweaks that facilitate better device interaction.  Smart Stay stands out - you can enable the device so that the screen stays on if it senses you looking at it (it utilizes the front-facing camera).  Toggles in the notification bar are quite helpful - I can quickly turn on/off Bluetooth, Wifi, etc., from the notification shade.  I''ve found I've started using Blocking Mode as well - by enabling this, I can shut off notifications at night, but allow a restricted group of contacts to override the block and still reach me.- Horsepower:  The Note II *screams*.  It handles multi-window mode like a champ, takes photos quickly, installs apps virtually instantaneously, cycles through homescreens like (Project) butter.- S-Pen:  the Note II includes a stylus.  While not even close to being the primary reason I purchased the device, I've found small uses for it.  I downloaded Sketchbook Mobile to doodle (albeit poorly, but that's because of my horrid artistic skills, not because of the efficacy of the stylus), I've scribbled a few notes, etc.  I've actually found it to be quite adept at handwriting entry (the Note II transcribes your handwriting into typewritten format).  It's also incredibly quick to trace out letters on Samsung's included "Swype"ish keyboard.- Battery Life:  After reading early accounts of good battery life on some of the online reviews, I was cautiously optimistic that it would be the case with the device, particularly with the 3100 mAh battery.  I can tell you it is; in fact, at times the battery life is stellar.  I know some folks will give you anecdotal stories about how their phones last three days under medium use, but I have always believed that "Screen On" time is the best indicator of battery performance.  Using that metric (which you can find in the settings menu), the Note II gives me anywhere between 7 and 10 hours of screen time.  That is absolutely fantastic for any size smartphone, particularly one that's essentially a mini-tablet.- Battery Charging:  Samsung's smartphones (at least the ones I've owned) have notoriously charged very slowly.  The Note II is, thankfully, not cursed with this. As I write this review, it's been on the charger for a little less than one hour.  It's charged 40% in that time.  My Galaxy Nexus charged at a rate of about 25-30% an hour, which is woeful.  The Note II has a significantly larger battery than the GN, so it's charging performance is surprisingly good.- Physical Home Button:  I like having a physical home key to wake the device.  I know that doesn't sound like a big deal, but it's much easier to locate the home button on the face of the device than it is to find the small power key on the side.  *Pro-tip*:  Uncheck "Open via the home key" in S Voice settings.  This will eliminate the lag between pressing the home button and the corresponding navigation action back to the homescreen.  If it remains checked, there will be a slight delay between pressing the home button and returning to the homescreen (the OS is waiting for a second press of the home button to activate S Voice).  Of course, if you like S Voice (I personally don't), you may want to leave this enabled.- Pocketability:  It fits in my pocket with no issues, but this is coming from a guy who can fit the Nexus 7 into his dress khakis and cargo shorts.  I'm a little on the tall side (6' 2"), so I'm sure that helps.- Camera:  Tons of tweaks with the onboard camera software.  Takes great pictures.  I'm no professional photographer, but it's clearly iPhone 4S+ quality and SIGNIFICANTLY better than the shooter on the Galaxy Nexus.- Speaker:  MUCH louder than the Galaxy Nexus.  I can actually hear my phone when it rings - hurray!- Notification LED:  Once you have a phone with this, you can't live without it.(update 10/9/12) - Stock Samsung Keyboard:  It's quite good, and I'm currently using it as my default input method. I prefer it's dedicated number row above the alphabetical keys.  Also, it has "Swype"-like functionality. I don't know if Samsung white labeled Swype's keyboard or simply built their own, but it is accurate.(update 10/17/12) - Lack of Carrier Control:  I overlooked this in my original review, but I think it's important to note that the international Note II's updates are directly controlled by Samsung.  There is no carrier interference in the software update process.  I was reminded of this today when I read that international Galaxy S3 devices are now being updated to Jelly Bean, while carrier-branded U.S. versions won't see it for months.*********CONS (this will be short)- Size for One-Handed Operation:  At times, you'll have to use two hands to use it, much more so than you would for any other phone on the market today.  My hands are larger than average, and I still have to use two hands periodically.  If two-handed operation bothers you quite a bit, don't purchase it.- Additional Multi-Window App Support (see under PROS):  It would be great if ALL apps could run under multi-windows mode - it is that useful.- Small Inconsistencies with Touchwiz:  Nothing big, just little issues here and there.  For example, you can create notes (essentially, draw) on the monthly calendar with the S-Pen (great for visually calling out an important meeting), but if you add the calendar widget to the homescreen, your drawn notes won't show on the widget.- Lack of Dedicated Multi-tasking Button:  My Galaxy Nexus has a dedicated softkey for the task switcher.  For the Note II, you have to long press the home button to bring up the task switcher.(update 10/9/12) - Capacitive Navigation Buttons Do Not Remain Backlit:  The two capacitive buttons (Menu and Back) do not remain backlit when using the device, and once they're off, they cannot be viewed (there is no visible etching). This adds an unnecessary learning curve as your muscle memory adjusts to where each key is. Also, I prefer the Back button on the left of the device's face (it is located on the right) - it would be more intuitive/logical to position it to the left of the Home key.  (update 11/19/12) You CAN enable the navigation buttons to remain backlit.  As J.A. Smithers pointed out in the comments on 11/19/12, go to  Settings --> Display -->  Touch key light duration --> (choose "Always on" and they will only go off when you turn the whole screen off, i.e. in standby mode).*********TL; DR:  It's an awesome phone - if you like Android, it's likely the best phone available now.  As long as having to use two hands sometimes doesn't bother you, get it.*********As an fyi, I'm running this phone on Straight Talk and consistently get download speeds in the 7mb/sec range.  I'll try to update as I continue getting settled into the phone.  Feel free to ask questions.

Great phone nothing I can ask for a Smartphone.I tried iphone 5 but I was not impress I gave it to my daughter to use.Note 2 is exactly I am looking for is not too big for me to carry because I have bigger hand which I can cap a basketball with one hand. Tablet is too big to carry around.The reason why I like Note 2 because all my IT training video and my eBooks are in Google and which I can access them anywhere.I use this Note 2 in working out and running.Excellent Smartphone it will be run in to the ground until I have another Smartphone.Plus this one I have no contract and only spent 25 bucks every month and uses WIFI.

No wonder Apple are worried by Samsung.This phone is superb and just by fetching the thing out of my pocket at work I have managed to sway many of my colleagues in favor of Samsung for their next cell phone up-date.  It seems every every one wants a piece of the action.The product when examined by people seems to sell its self. Yes the screen is big but when you read your Kindle App ebook on that screen, see the net pages flow on it and appreciate the GPS navigation maps scrolling across it, then you forget all worries about the size of it. In fact you realise that you need that screen and nothing smaller will do.It is fast, my goodness me it is fast. Fast to open web pages, fast to react to apps, games, video etc. Fast, Powerful, smooth and intuitive.  Added to this, the battery is big enough at 3100mA to last all day even under quite heavy use. Oh and the MP3 player is fantastic in both presentation and sound quality.It cost me a few dollars to insert a 64Gb flash memory card in addition to the 16Gb on board memory and I will buy a spare battery to insert if I do run it down. Apple seal off their phones and the only way to upgrade memory or change the battery after 500 charges when it deteriorates is to buy a new one, what a rip off.I have always bought Apple but with their determination to stick to a policy of in-built obsolescence and pay through the nose for memory, I really don't think I'll buy much more.I recently bought my wife the Galaxy S3 which impressed me greatly but on balance, this is even better.In short, excellent product, I couldn't be happier with it.

Do not buy phones from these people I bought one and it was reported stolen from someone so just letting you all know.

It is simply amazing things you can do on this device and most of all for my travel,  I do not have to call my provider any more. The freedom to put any countries sim.-card to make a phone call makes life easy

Like many, I dumped my iPhone for the Samsung Galaxy Note 2, and never looked back.  Others have written quite extensively about its many plus features, and I echo those sentiments.  It does everything I ever imagined doing on a smartphone, and quite a lot more.  Best of all, I am free of the dark side (Apple).  I can now enjoy my choice of apps from a wide variety of sources, not just from the Play Store (the Android market) but virtually any other provider as well (requires a minor setting change on the setup screen).The huge screen makes viewing YouTube videos and Internet surfing comfortable and realistic.  The tiny smartphones out there make using the web so painful many of us (myself included) never used that feature.  This screen is amazing, and the videos look razor sharp.  The benefit?  You can live with this phone, and you need not drag your tablet or laptop with you to the coffee shop or restaurant.  No- it's not enough if you are going to try to work on Excel spreadsheets- but for general web and email... it's great!  Text messaging, your choice of type, swipe, or voice.And because it's Android Jelly Bean (now), you get all the joys of Google, including FREE Google Play to store all your (even iTunes) music up in the cloud on the Google servers.The BATTERY is replaceable on this phone (unlike Apple iPhone) and there is a micro SD-card slot inside the back case (i bought 64gb MicroSD card from Amazon for $50 and have 76MB of storage on this phone!).  Since I use Google Play streaming all 7000 of my songs from the cloud, all that storage is available for applications, photos and 1080p VIDEOS.  The 8 MegaPixel camera is more than fantastic, I never use my real camera OR Camcorder any more at all!Bought a nice UAG 'weaponized' case for this (also from Amazon), which doesn't add a lot of bulk (this phone is huge), but protects me from dropping it, and adds a bit of rubberized contact with my clothes- so it won't pop out of my pocket when I climb in and out of my car.  Prior to getting the UAG case, the phone frequently jumped out by itself onto the car seat.  Not good, and worse if it did so and landed on the street or a hard surfaced floor.  Thus when I saw another person with the UAG case, I immediately jumped on Amazon and purchased it, though the clear-plastic screen "protector" was garbage - I didn't use it, nor was I impressed by the glossy color cardboard panels included with the UAG case- I think the Titanium finish on this phone blows the socks off any type of 'case decoration', possible exception being Game of Thrones Sigil-cases.  One can never have too many talismans, and Winter is Coming!Nothing can be all things to all people, but this device is a solid win for Samsung- and a capable partner to their very popular tablet, the Note 10.1 (which I also own and very highly recommend).  Much is made of the so-called Retina displays on Apple products, both the Samsung Note 10.1 Tablet and the Galaxy Note 2 Phone have great looking displays that are pleasing to look at with good color separation and nice blacks.The writing stylus I use extensively on the TABLET during flight simulation.  I write down instructions from the realtime air traffic controller on the Note 10.1 (I could do this on this phone as well) during flight, so I don't have my flight deck littered with scratch paper.This phone is astounding, and great volume on the speakerphone.  Music playback?  Not a strength... I connect it to my car audio system (Bluetooth) or you can plug in a stereo earplug cord and plug it into your car audio input jack (as an alternative to Bluetooth).I don't think most people buy a phone for its music playback sound quality - the speakers don't produce enough bass to be practical, although the sound quality is acceptable, it's not as good as using your car stereo speakers!Overall- love it, and glad I left Apple.  BTW, I got mine from AT&T; as an upgrade, with 2 year commitment, at a substantially lower price point.  I was fortunate, having been an iPhone customer continuously for the past several years at AT&T;, I was able to continue with unlimited data.  I do strongly suggest enabling Wi-Fi whenever and wherever possible, and pay attention to your settings if you are on a 'metered' data plan, else your phone may gobble your data time unbeknownst to you.  I make sure to use Wi-Fi at home and at my office, Wi-Fi is always faster than 4G FYI.Battery life is excellent, though I make it a point to plug this in to A/C power in lieu of USB power when at home, because when plugged into the AC adapter, the unit recharges much faster than on USB.Great phone!

has thie piece since august & have no plans of upgrading (by choice).  this is mos def my secretary fa sho.

I am a first time smart phone user and figured that they would be hard to navigate. I bought a nock of this phone and I was right. It failed promptly and I sent it back. I bought this Samsung phone and WOW what a world of difference to use. EASY. I LOVE IT. It is worth all the difference in cost as the ease of use and total over all Quality of the Phone is Night and Day. Thanks Amazon for the selection of phones to cater to all customer price ranges. You Guys Rock

I've had this phone for about 6 months now so I have had time to get very familiar with it. I've also owned several other 'large' similarly priced smartphones, which where all great. But this one is is by far the most useful and best perfoming for many reasons. Its 3200 mah battery lasts well over 16 hours with heavy use. it is very fast and I never experience issues with freezing or lag. It has lots of options in settings to make the device perform exactly how you want it to (more than I have ever seen) I didn't think I would use the stylus much when I first got it, but it turned out to be very useful, you can hover over most things with the stylus and a dialog box will pop up with useful information and tips about whatever it is. The quick commands with the stylus make navigation quick and easy and its much simpler than I imagined it could be. The sensors on the phone are very accurate,  it knows right where the stylus is above the screen and the dot projected from the stylus follows with no lag whatsoever. The multi window feature of this phone is wonderful and not restrictive at all, you can do anything you could do in full screen in both of your smaller screens, you can quickly adjust window sizes or change applications you're using, I use this feature a lot for writing emails while getting info from the internet or watching tv while being able to send texts uninterrupted. this phone is very durable, thin, and lightweight. It fits in my front pocket (with or without otter box) and would fit in anyones back pocket it can brodcast to your tv via bluetooth. The negatives of this phone are the camera being only 8mp and it only having 2gb of ram, it uses a little over half of that on just base operation,  but I have found the rest to be sufficient for almost anything including streaming video from 2 sources at once. I like that to save battery I can set the screen to timeout at 5 seconds but also set it so it won't timeout while I'm looking at it. For laying in bed it can be set to flip the screen based on which way your looking at it instead of the orientation of the phone. The speaker is extremely loud, so loud my neighbors have called the cops on me for the noise. The screen is extremely vibrant and at full brightness will be responsible for about 35% of battery being used when using the phone heavily. The software is smooth and very user friendly, the call quality is wonderful, voices are crisp and clean. I would recommend this phone to anyone it's a good choice for not only experienced smart phone users but first time smart phone buyers as well. I hope this helps.

It's a french version of the Note II. However, it works fine after some configurations. Just thought it would be clearer on the specifications.

Its a really good phone thank u soo much it was a plessure t worm with u thanxs again hope too deal wiyh u again!!!!

I bought this for my mother and she loves it. When I played with it a little bit I couldn't really notice the difference between this and my s3 --other than this is a big phone. However, for my mother this was perfect for reading and all that kind of stuff so she loves it! It is really light but big so unless you really want something big the s3 or s4 would suffice

everything should be explained in website including what language it is. i am very surprised when i turn on the gadget, it's french. i bought in us, i expected that should be in english. so, i tried to change the language with my instinct :)but, overall the gadget is good :) i like it.

This phone was on my wishlist for long and finally I bought it on Amazon. Didn't find any problems with the package. The item was brand new with original packaging. Works great for me and I'm happy having this great phone.

This phone is Amazing, I used to have iphone 5 but when I changed to this phone the note 2 its just awesome

Excellent product!. works very well and is very comprehensive, taking into account that this is an old model. The battery and speed are the best.

everything about this phone is just as expected.. so yes its a VERY COOL phone..  now what didn't work for me.I have T-Mobile.. and in Las Vegas (where i live) t-maybe, does not penetrate my home or the hotels very well (where i work) so the ONLY way i can make or receive call is with &#34;voice over wifi&#34; .. when this feature works its great.. when its not available my phone can not even send or get a txt message...being an &#34;unlocked&#34; phone means this T-Mobile feature is NOT available ...  so it goes back.. and i have to wait to move my number off t-maybe to better carrier

I received the phone on time, At the moment I tried to charge it for the first time, I noted that the charger was not the correct one for the divice.  The cable sent with the telephone is for Galaxy Tablets. Not very happy.

I have used the BlackBerry for six years and iPad for more than two years but wanted to try something new and was fascinated by the high-end image of the Samsung Galaxy Note II. It compares favourably with iPad in applications and social networking tools. However, when it comes managing emails, I find the BlackBerry indispensable

Beware of the USB connection after a couple months of use.  It is a frequent case for this phone that the USB port doesn't connect or charge the phone after awhile.  This happened to me and now i'm probably going to pay $50 for replacing the port.

I used Dell Streak before, this phone takes it to another level. The battery life is exceptional, the S pen work better than other devices I've used before.

First thing I did was drop it and the screen busted all to heck. Insurance got me another though. Love the device but strongly recommend good protective case.

This is a great cell phone for business, it has large screen and fast processor .price is O.K.i recommend it to the others

I must say this phablet is incredible! The first night after purchasing this phone, I could not put it down! My Wife already knew I was going to be up all night. It was awesome because my Son kept waking up throughout the night & of course I would happily stay up, with my phone to put my Son back to sleep.All the features on this phone make you wonder why I waited to purchase such a phone. It's fast, holds a good amount of storage & big screen to say the least. I get a lot of iphone 5 users saying their next phone will be a Galaxy!I recommend this phone to everyone! This is an awesome investment!!!

I bought my Samsung Galaxy Note 2 through my carrier (T-Mobile) almost 1 year ago and I love it. I, for one don't have a computer. So I use my note 2 for everything. The large screen is great for watching videos on youtube or downloaded movies. I don't use the S Pen all that much, but it's still a great option to have.Only drawback I have is the charging. I'm not sure if it's an issue with the phone or the charger itself. There are times when I'll connect the charger and the light (to indicate the phone is charging) will not turn on. So I've tried using other outlets and the same problem persisted. Other time I've attempted to charge my phone and it literally takes 24 hours for my phone to charge 75%. Currently when I charge my phone it's up to 100% within a few hours (like it should be). I've never contacted support because each time I'm about to, everything is okay.I highly recommend get the Samsung Galaxy Note 2. I hopefully within the next 6 months will upgrade the the Note 3. However, if you're looking for something a little cheaper, but still new, this is a great way to go.**I would advise you to go to a store and get a feel of the size of the phone before buying.

I'm posting months after the fact - finally was able to change my real name for a pen name on Amazon.This phone is probably the best piece of electronics I've purchased, it beats , IMO, the iPhone and is a tremendous help to me. I can do and &#34;see&#34; spreadsheets comfortably, can see movies quite well and it brings a host of other benefits due to the large screen.This phones performance is fast and quite stable - no major issues.

Greta looking phone better some and you can do so much more just the fact you can share your picture or music throught bluetooth, bigger screen, just got to get used to android. I switch from iphone to samsung.

This seller (worldwide distributors) is selling phones that are (NOT) compatable to the USA...I have been having problems from day 1 and I thought I being a new user did not understand the phone and how to use it properly but as time has gone by it's gotten worse and when i contacted the seller to tell them the issues they said it was past the 30days and to contact the manufacturer because the phone is still under there warranty and they will fix it no problem. Well I did contact them and they had me read the phone's codes and they said the phone is hard wired to (Africa) so it's not hard wired to USA and that it's not under warranty because the phone is not compatable to the US and it's only gonna get worse as time goes on because the up dates will cause the phone to go out of sinc....So with neither the seller* (worldwide distributors) or (Amazon) not wanting to take responsibility and don't want to fix my phone or get me a new one that's USA made and compatable I'm warning you to stay away from this company and not do business because they will not make this right I spent $635.00 for a phone that is absolutely not very functionable or adiquite to work right. I't so frustrating that I'm gonna have to pay for another phone out of my pocket when they should fix this at it's not right f this company to sell inferior products and not USA comatable.

Very very good phone. the best of market. in Venezuela the 3G and 3G + work perfectly with digitel, movistar and movilnet. recommended.

I've had my Note II for a little over 2 weeks now (I got the Note 10.1 tablet a week later).  It is fantastic!  I love it.  The battery life is phenomenal.  The phone is beautiful, fast, and the screen is great.  My 12 year old made fun of the size when we were at the store, but prefers it for watching Netflix over any other.  I haven't found anything about the phone that I don't like.  While using it one-handed in some cases is nearly impossible, I can still send texts when necessary with one hand.  The S Pen is awesome and the S Note application that comes with it is great.  It can do some really sweet things including helping my son figure out how to do the math that I can't remember. This is my first Samsung device and I like the Touchwiz (I know some don't).  I used a Motorola Droid X for 2 and a half years and I like the version of Swype on this device better than on my Motorola (and I liked it on my Motorola).  Having the stylus for drawing, taking notes and the extra features built into the S Pen make it great to have.  With 4 different methods of input (keyboard, swype, voice, and pen), I can have it do what I need it to do when and how I need it to do it.  If you want a small phone, this is not the device for you, but if you want an all-around great device that you can use for multiple purposes, this is it.  I get a satellite lock within a few seconds (much, much faster than on my Motorola).  Jelly Bean and the multiple windows are great for the apps that are supported by them.  I definitely recommend it.

I absolutely love this phone...it's totally awesome. The screen size is just right not too small or too big and all the graphics are very dynamic.

Great phone to have. Letter big enough so you can see them without any problem. Screen is large enough and quality of video is excellent.  So if you are looking for a excellent phone then try the note ii you will love it.

Buyers beware for the above cell phone i.e samsung galaxy note ii GT-N7100- FACTORY UNLOCK--16GB GRAY.  The phone in question has no in-built sim card, like AT& T,AND T MOBILE. The seller is not being sincere and was trying to deceive buyers . This information is for whosoever may want to buy this phone.

My son hasn't put it down since opening his present. He is a wiz with electronics and I am looking forward to learning about all of the capabilities. We ordered the phone at the last minute and was not guaranteed delivery in time. But miracles never cease and the phone arrived on Christmas Eve. Everyone's &#34;Wish List&#34; was filled - ON TIME!

I've been stuck with a broken HTC for WAY too long and upgrading to something that can even handle a higher version of Android was a pleasure to move to!  The battery life is good but I still carry an external 13,000mAh external charger battery pack.Speed, features, build quality, price, size...all great!Only thing is it's not a one handed phone and so you will be annoyed before getting used to it.Note, there is no 4G radio in this model, but it goes do HSPA+ which is just as fast and unlocked means I can go between AT&T; or Tmobile.

I'd have given this fantastic phablet a 5 except for one glaring omission on the part of all sellers here. None of them bother to mention this is a 3G only model. So yes, i can slap any carrier's SIM cards in it but not, I repeat not gett any of the 4G speeds. It also will not do wifi calling. Had I known these limitations up front I'd have considered other options.

It is everything I thought it would be and more. I was concerned initially about the size, especially after reading the reviews, however I have found it to be perfect, could never step down in size again - this from someone whose previous phone was a HOX.  The Note 2 is fast and the screen beautiful. The only thing camera is outstanding as well. Surprisingly I have found the S Pen features quite useful,  especially in meetings where I take notes. Fantastic phone

Before I bought this I was wondering whether to get a tablet and keep my current phone (Samsung Galaxy S II) with it. However, after reading several reviews and watching hours of reviews on you tube, I realized that this is the perfect device with capabilities of a phone with almost the size of a tablet. As a college student, I think this phone + tablet helps me to keep up with current news, my schedule, taking notes (thanks to the S-Pen), and really good multimedia features. I bought the device about 20 days ago and it arrived on time. Below I have listed some pros and cons of the device, according to my personal knowledge and experience.Pros:Call Quality is very good5.55" Super Amoled ScreenS-PenQuad-core Processor with 2GB RamBattery lasts easily a day at leastLED Notification lightPhysical Home key buttonGood quality speakerRemovable batteryExpandable storage optionsCons:The screen quality could be a bit better because the screen is one of the main features (selling points) of this device.I realize Samsung makes most of their phones with plastic, as was the case with the SII, however, it might be time to change the material to something more appealing to the consumers.Software:The device comes out of the box with Android 4.1, and then I had an update to 4.1.1 which added the multitasking feature.Overall, the Android experience has become much smoother. (coming from the SII's Gingerbread and Ice Cream Sandwich)Google Now is much better than S-Voice.Samsung has created one of the smoothest & fastest phones on the market as of now by combining Android software with amazing hardware.Confusions regarding this device:LTE - The international version of this device does not have LTE capabilities. However, if you were to get it under contract from AT&T;, Verizon, or U.S Cellular, then you will get LTE capabilities.Home Button Lag - There seems to be a slight lag when you press the home button. This is because, by default, the phone is expecting the user to press it again to access the S-Voice feature. The S-Voice has come a long way, but personally, I prefer Google Now. So the way to fix this lag is by----Go to Apps---Select "S-Voice"----Click menu button---Select Settings---then De-select "Open via the Home key" option. And the lag should be gone now.Capacitive button light duration - The phone by default has the capacitive light duration at either 1.5 seconds or 6 seconds. However, if you are having a hard time locating these buttons without the light, you can always change the setting under Settings---Display---"Touch key light duration"--then select the option you prefer.Updates - The updates are directly handled by Google and Samsung. So there is no carrier interference here. Since the Google updates their Nexus devices right away when there is an update available, I expect the unlocked version to be updated shortly after them. May be a month or two at the most. However, the carrier versions of this phone may take several months to an year or more to get updates. (Speaking from personal experience with AT&T; SII update from Gingerbread to ICS)Personal Experience:Personally, I would recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't mind the huge screen size, and the inability to do some one handed tasks. However, the pros for this device far outweigh the minor cons. Most importantly, the device makes really good quality calls and there is no issues with that (AT&T; service). One of the highlights of the phone is its battery. After I unplugged it at 7 am at 100%, then I used the phone for several calls, hundreds of texts, some you tube videos, about an hour of web browsing, played several games, Wi-Fi was on, and the screen brightness at medium, when I came back home at about 7pm, the phone still had about 70% charge remaining.

I use my Samsung galaxy note 2  for both business and personal.  It meets all my expectations for both.  I am very pleased

I previously owned the first Galaxy Note, which I loved. I was hesitating to upgrade, but at the end I just couldn't resist, so I ordered it. It's a fabulous phone and it's speed is just outstanding. But I am bit disappointed with the screen. The old model has resolution 1280x800, this one is only 1280x720, which I knew ahead of time, but I didn't really bother about the 80 pixels. Well, but I should have. Because of this reason, it doesn't support 5 icons in line anymore, neither 5 icons wide widgets, which is a shame. I had to install 3rd party launcher, so I can have it done. Why would you make a new flag ship phone, if you have to make compromises? The flag ship is suppose to be the best in every single way, just the perfect one, which this one isn't.One more thing which I don't like is the construction. I am not a iPhone fan, but the way they made the iPhone 5 is just outstanding. The body is very well made with strong construction, it feels expensive when you hold it. The Galaxy Note 2 feels very fragile, I can't even put on a table, because I am afraid I'll scratch the back. And my biggest fear is that I'll break the back in half when taking it of to change mu SIM card or memory card. I think Samsung made too many sacrifices to make the body slim and light, which is not acceptable for the flash ship phone.

I am legally blind (vision 20/200)and have been searching for years for a phone that would work well for me.  I have found it!!  The screen is huge, which helps tremendously but is not the best feature. Font sizes go beyond Large to Huge, soI can read most things on my phone without also holding up a magnifer. The default display for most screens is a black background with light text (perfect!) I loaded photos of my contacts and the large display during an incoming call makes it easy for me to tell who is calling.  The voice control options are amazing and so freeing in letting me use more functions of the phone with ease.  I can dictate text messages, emails, internet searches.  I have to double check accuracy but it is pretty darn good and mistakes are easier to fix than trying to type all of it while holding a magnifier in front of my face using a virtual keyboard.  With Driving Mode On, the phone will announce incoming calls and will announce and read text messages.  This can be annoying to others if you leave it on in public but is very helpful to me in the right setting.The S Voice still has some quirks but until those are fixed, I will still enjoy the many parts that work great.  (Check my schedule, place a call, send a text message, open an app, turn a setting on or off etc.  The Calander is the part with the quirks)The S Pen is very convenient for taking notes while I am on a call.  I can set the font of the S pen to a thick one so I can see it.The camera is amazing and you can use voice control to snap a shot.  I am looking forward to finding a good portable magnifier app to help read menus etc.  It has a front facing camera as well for Skype.The phone is large but light weight, fits easily in a purse.  I bought a phone case that can serve as a wallet as well.  If you want to watch videos on the phone but need to hold it close to your face, the large screen combined with light weight of phone makes it comfortable.  I use a Kindle to read books but believe I could probably do the same on this phone.The phone has many, many custom settings available for accessibility which I have only begun to explore. You can set a swipe of your finger to open up a screen of your choice, so no hunting.  Then there are the many adnroid apps I am planning on trying out.  I have read bout some which call out the next bus stop, some apps tell you what stores are near you so if shopping in a mall and you cannot see the signs nearby you can find out what is close to you.I know the scope of my review has been very narrow and this phone has powerful features for those with normal eyesight that I have not even touched on.  However, as a visually impaired person, I feel like this phone has allowed me to enter the world of smartphone users on a much more level playing ground.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE my Galaxy Note 2.

, i just order the samsung galaaxy note 2 , im waiting for it to come , im really loooking forward seeing this phone , icant wait :)

The description is correct, but misleading.  This is an unlocked phone, and it is capable of 4G data speeds, but only on ATT.  With T-mobile, you get Edge speeds - at best.  Does not say that anywhere in the write up.

Great product.  I accidently ordered this not realizing it was the wrong band though so I had to return it!

I had this phone for over a year now, its great and I really like it. Fast processor, very good touch screen sensitivity, great for watching videos and playing games. Amazing screen resolution and apps run very fast on it. Picture quality is great and videos come out very well. It also fits in my pocket very well and great for checking work stuff and sending emails. The Stylus pen is a huge bonus, if you want to take notes or draw something it can be very handy and I mostly use it when I am in the meetings. I am really glad that I got this phone and I will no doubt get a Note 3 pretty soon!

Hi, my phone only works for one year, works very well , but few days ago the mother board broke, is call the Sudden Death Syndrome. So I spend a lot of money for one year of use ... Bad ... so bad ...

Factory unlocked..no issues at all. Fast phone with all the gimmicks. Watch out..the charger outputs 2.0 amps while most phones use chargers that output less power..so using an old charger may take a long time to charge this phone.

I dont know if I made a mistake or not-however when I saw the Note 2-I was in a Tmobile store waiting on a friend to pay a bill. I was instantly attracted. So attracted I cancelled my Verizon account RIGHT there and made the swap to TMobile. Why not right? Its in the top 3. Big mistake.In a different scenario-the Phone is like a Corvette while the Tmobile service is like an old man driving the Corvette. Does not and will not take the Corvette to its full potential.It is my opinion that this phone is TOO much for Tmobile and Tmobile does not have the resources to back such a powerful device. Yes it IS that powerful. Out in the open city-she works just fine. As soon as you get a hint of cover-there goes the service which kills the phone.So is this review about the phone? Kinda. If you want to get the Note 2-get it with a carrier than can actually support it or be stuck with Cricket like service with a flashed Droid.Tmobile states they plan to acquire more towers by next year-I am hoping and waiting for it patiently as I stay away from covers and concrete.

very nice, we are using it with Walmart Straight Talk. Went to  Canada , bought a sim and some minutes , quick swap and used for a few weeks, back to US swap back, all is good!

This phone does not work with Verizon! Did not say that any where in the description! What a pain this is.

The phone is awesome. But beware:The phone does NOT have access to 4g or even 3g networks virtually anywhere in the Phoenix Metro area. I was constantly on Roaming which means NO DATA. If I was lucky, I would get 2g and get slow data... but 99% of the time I was roaming and simply could not get data without paying $5/mb or something crazy.It is too premature to get this for Tmobile in Phoenix. They do not have a full rollout of their 1900mhz band towers active yet. The only place I had 4g/hspa+ was inside the Tmobile store, that's IT.I recommend not buying this if you're on Tmobile until late 2013 when all towers are fully installed and activated (according to Tmobile).Phone was great: Although it had a flaw: When I imported my 13,500 sms messages, it lagged really bad switching from individual sms view back to the list. No clue why it did that with quad-core processor! Could have been defective, but unlikely. Not sure what to think of that.Quite large: Will take getting used to. Not suitable for 1-handed use.Great phone otherwise. Returned and will buy one properly banded for my network (I'm switching to Verizon anyway)

Best phone I have owned so far. Got my Note 2 from tmobile couple years ago and I have used since then with no problem. too bad tmobile doesn't offer the 2-year contract for free phone anymore.

This is one hell of a gadget. It is the best product I currently use. The screen is simply beautiful, speed is excellent, and it feels luxurious with the glowing screen and heavy feel. I use it for all sorts of things and it never fails you. Battery is awesome, for the first few days I practically spent all day using it, testing it, downloading apps ...etc. and there's always at least 20-30% battery left at night after 16+ hours of heavy use. I happily spent 600 Euros to buy it, and that was very good value, in fact the price of this phone should not compare to other smart phones out there, as this is a different product, it truly is a phone and a tablet in one (so the alternative is buying 2 items for double the price). I am not a so-called Apple hater, but the iPhone is a toy next to this one(I used the iPhone 5 for 3 days); even the Galaxy S3 is reduced to a toy next to it. Samsung could easily sell it for additional 30% in price (at least to those who appreciate it). One comment about the size: you buy this phone specifically for its size, I wonder how some reviews mention its size as a disadvantage or a con ... how can that be when you bought it BECAUSE of its size not in spite of it? Don't hesitate about it, buy it IF you need a bigger screen. If the size to you is an obstacle then stick to the smaller ones, as this is not intended to be just another phone, it's intended to be a personal assistant, tablet, and phone. I recommend it without hesitation, and would like to thank Samsung for making such a beautiful product.

I got this phone on Oct. 2012 and was having a great time of it for about 8 months.  Last night, all of sudden I got the Black Screen and cannot get it power on, only the red led lights blink. I google it and found out it is called 'Black Screen of Death', which is a common issue for Samsung phone. I called customer services number on Samsung's website, give them the IMEI number and they said the phone is coming from Poland and I have to contact the Samsung in Poland's customer services.  I cannot speak or read Polish. I think I am stuck with a dead phone after 8 months of usage.  If any update of situation, I will followup with update. Good Luck !!!

It does really good until now.. I wont regret having these phone a years.. or even until it broke down.. thanks and sgn2 is the best.

I love my Samsung Note 2.  The battery last much longer and It is much much faster than my HTC Evo Phone. I love the size which is perfect for me to see the contents on my screen.  Just wish they can come down on the pricing..

There are plenty of reviews going in depth in specs and its capabilities.  I am sure you have read any reviews here on Amazon as well as other websites how good or bad this Note 2 is.  All I will say that this is my second Note phablet - an upgrade from the original Note One from exactly one year ago - and with its additional static memory together with being able to add up to 64Gb micro SD card for more apps or videos or photos, this photo meets my needs.  Have no plans to upgrade to the Note 3 (yet!!) and if I have the urge to change to a new phone, I might try the new Nexus 5 which I got for my wife.The one noticeable thing about this Note 2 over my Note 1 is the battery usage. I had purchased additional batteries but saw no need as this Note 2 manages battery usage very well.  Only 70% left after a hard day of surfing the web with the occasional phone call. Have this phone for 6 months and has nor bored me just yet.

The title explains it all. Don't think twice about buying this phone, you get the best of both worlds. Is it a bird? Is it a plane ? It's a Phablet!
