
good machine capable to suit all needs,comfort looks and the works are quite exciting the best in its class now

For simple users like my mother was a good investment and the phone is resistent to shot and the screen is sensible and good

exceklent in all the aspect  great phone  especially if is for somebody to don't now the tecnology the sistem, the camera works perfect

people cannot hear me except they say I sound like. I am in a TUNNEL.  I have to return phone sadly

the phone is ok, the battery is fair and it is unique product generally. I love it to the max

Actually ZERO STARSI have had my BLU-DASH 3.5 phone since June of 2013 (3 months). It seemed to work okay. People have told me that I sounded like I was talking under water. This phone apparently didn't have very good sound quality. Occasionally I would have to turn it off and then turn it back on to straighten out any odd behavior. I have been careful with it as I wanted to keep it nice. Overall, not a bad phone for the price.HOWEVER. Just today (22 Sept 13) I was checking the weather and the phone slipped out of hand and landed on the counter top only one foot below, and presto, the phone is now DEAD as it now will not power on.I am very disgusted with idea that this cell phone is this FRAGILE. I've seen people drop their cell phone many times from a lot higher distances and they continue to work. I have even seen phones with broken glass and they're still working. THIS PHONE IS WAY TOO FRAGILE. If a company wants to gain market share the cell phone market they need make a more durable phone.SO, after only 3 months of use, not a scratch on the phone, I have one little accident and now I have to buy new phone. Well, I guarantee you it will NOT be a BLU-DASH, nor would I ever consider BLU-DASH in the future. I suppose this is what I get for trying to be thrifty.DISGUSTED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I bought this for testing Android apps for my company.  It did the job during that time but died 3 months after purchase.  I went cheap and it worked during that time, but disappointed I couldn't get more than 90 days out of it.

I've had this phone for 2 weeks & its performing well.  It fits nice in your hand & it is lightweight.  I ordered it from 24hourdeals & I got the charger & data cable, no additional battery covers or screen protectors as other persons have received from other sellers.  It does freeze occasionally, but that may be due to the low memory on the phone.  You cannot take pictures, receive anything through Bluetooth or save any downloads unless you have a memory card in the phone.All in all, its a good buy & I guarantee that anyone that purchases this phone will be pleased.

works fine with consumer cellular service.....still working out the kinks for data use. phone apps are fine. very easy and intuitive to set up and use. this is a perfect entry level smartphone. you won't need more fancy ones

Like my first Android phone.. should I ask me?It's a blu product problem? or is it an android OS product?I'm a former windows mobile user.This android is very very very slow. The memory was full installing like 4 apps from Play Google. I have formatted the phone and deleted all apps that was in the internal memory: I have installed all apps in the SD and with that I got a usable phone but still slow.When registering my google account I couldn't syc my calendar (my principal use of google apps)... can't solve it yet... I have read that it's a android 2.3 problem. Google calendar from play google can only be downloded to android 4.0+.Can't imagine using this phone for games, work apps, finance or other apps that require some performance.I have talked to a Android user and he has said me that for using android flowly is necesary 1GB in ram this phone has onlyu 256MB.

excellent phone no problems at all with receiving incoming calls and out going calls. Very easy to setup. Great phone.

Was looking for a phone for my kid and  this one fit the bill. It has WiFi, 3G speeds and is very responsive. Only drawback is low amount of RAM. If you choose apps carefully, it would be fine. Storage can be extended with microsd. Would recommend it.

I don't use my phone for anything except calls, messaging, pictures and music. My biggest complaint is that most of the little apps that come with this phone that I don't use cannot be uninstalled (like Kingsoft Office) and continuously run in the background. Adding that to very limited ram and minimal phone storage space makes this phone hard to work with. I have to keep uninstalling updates to the apps I don't use, as I have not figured out how to turn them off, and continually go into the app manager to terminate the apps running in the background eating up all my ram. Having a better camera with a flash would have gotten this phone 3 stars, but it doesn't. Overall, for the price I paid for it, it's an okay phone, although I had much higher expectations.

pro:- the phone has nice design, light and screen is ok.con:- there's no sensor so it will not turn off screen light even when you are in conversation. it could lead to some accidental button pressed- there's no front camera- just some apps support by Google play (countable on my fingers)- there's no manufacture website so no official system update.- the visual keyboard and icon is too small for me whose already has small fingers. need to change it manually.- wifi not always on. it goes off when the screen off  and on when screen on. all apps that requires internet will be disconnected when the screen off. and no option to change it.note:- in order to have some apps like viber, tango, you have to stick &#34;allow non google market install&#34;, download apk file, copy to Sd card, then install by explore file app.- these apps will not full function as it should be. for example, viber always uses speaker phone even it not activate and no way to get built in one work

Nice 2 chep phone and work bery good and a good price for it the dash fit in you re and

Battery died off less than 2 months plus system was running slow when run in multiple applications at one time

The phone doesn't hold a charge. I charge it all night and then the battery dies in a few hours. The internet is very slow to load.

I bought this phone to give it to my daughter and my surprise is that it came without battery and so far I could get. How long in coming when I went to complain to Amazon.com had run out of time to do it and ended up losing money.Worst of all is that the battery does not get anywhere as I could verify in other analyzes. Not recommended at all and suggest more responsibility Amazon product support that dispense an incomplete and flawed.

This unlocked cell phone performs like all of the big name phones,from what I have learned.  It has two SIM card slots which meet my Canadian and USA needs perfectly.

worth it, especially if u dont need that complex smart phone, this is really valuable to u, but dont expect too much from it.

I really love this phone....it has so many great features at a really low price. i recommend it for anyone needing a simple but sophisticated phone.

trying to know if this phone uses a regular or is it really a mini sim card it uses? not sure if its worth buying.

i really like this phone it got all, only the bad thing is the camera but i dont care about it jejeje

It's a really good phone. If you're a person who doesn't need a lot of things and only want a phone which can call, text and uses apps not too complex, this phone is for you.

I have had the phone for about a month; it occasionally freezes, spontaneously restarts, and generally seems to barely function. Battery life seems to be good though.

i sent it to haiti for my cousin & he told the phone does not work he can't even make a phone call and i wasted my money for nothing....

The phone is light weight and easy to navigate. However after sorting out the settings with local phone companies, one has to then try to figure out what the symbols represent. The manual is poorly written, lacking in detail description and diagrams. One challenge that I have to work out is how to get the phone to use the internet setting for 1 sim card over the other. Unlike my previous dual sim phone.ProsLightweightDual SimConsCustomizing is not very simplescreen is very sensitiveaccompanying manual does not provide adequate descriptionsConsnot able to date to find screen lockNot sure which sim card is accessing the internet

The phone is nice and I would of love to keep it except for a few things. The Bluetooth effected the performance, when using the phone W/O Bluetooth  you could only talk for about 15 minutes? and then if you receive another call the phone would ring but you could not hear the person on the other end. Then some times you hear a buzz and I noticed that when semi's would come by you(radio) interference. It's hard to get support from BLU. The setup was easy but the manual is very very small. The battery is not a standard size. I must say it worked fine for the first day. Then I decided to do an factory reset and that's when I started having problems?You can't get cases to protect the phone. I would of like another phone to see if the one I had was just a fluke,but you could not get an exchange? The functionally was fine.

I've had this phone for about 5 months and use it with a Walmart/T-mobile pay as you go plan.Likes:- cheap for a smartphone- audio is good enough for me- dual sim card is very convenient- no worse than my previous phone in picking up a signal- unlocked and easy to use for international travel- has GPSDislikes:- data transfer is very slow (not sure if it's the phone or carrier's fault, but my friends' Iphone/Samsung Galaxy definitely loads webpages much faster)- battery drains quickly (even with wireless off)- when then battery is completely drained and I recharge, when I turn the phone back on the widgets don't load up; I need to remove them then add them again for them to run.- no third party accessories (protective cases) availableSummary: I primarily use this phone to make calls and looking up stuff on the internet.  It does the first fine but the second is pretty slow.  I think it's fine for a first phone and for someone who's not a heavy data user, but the slow speed and low battery life really discourage me from using it as much as I'd like.

I don't know anything about this stuff but it was easy and works great my son showed me a couple of things and its getting better as I go. cool thanks Bob

I am so loving this phone..  The dual sims are full sized chips and does not require cutting.  Both sims can work concurrently. It provides all the Android features. It runs low on internal memory, which is a drawback, however, once you get to understand the phone and carry out maintenance of your apps the low memory goes away.

VERY GOOD PRODUCT I LOVE AND I RECOMMENDED IT. VERY USEFULL AND INTERESTING .I HAVE IT ONE YEAR AND I STILL HAVE IT

it works perfectly and the wi-fi works correctly as well. the best in a two sim-cards phone. no more complication

It is small and cute, looks great, i would like a best camera and a more advance version of android.

I bought this phone as an inexpensive replacement to a lost iphone on the ATT network. This phone's IMEI was stolen from an old NOKIA phone, and therefore ATT could not activate BLU onto their network as a smartphone. I could get the phone to work as a &#34;Nokia standard phone&#34; but no internet access due to the phone not being properly registered via IMEI as a smartphone. The phone went back immediately to Amazon. I tried to get it onto the TMOBILE network, thinking ATT messed up, but Tmobile also told me the IMEI was fake.

best part about this smartphone...it's unlocked. you can choose your carrier and plan. plus it has 2 sim card slots so you can switch carriers anytime/anywhere. another thing which turned me off from other smartphones is size. it's manageable, fits in your pocket and doesn't weigh a ton. frankly, it's a cheap price to pay for a lot of capability.

this looks like a very nice phone and i would have kept it but , my area does not get good service with a sim card so i had to send it back

It is everything I ever hope it to be, I never leave home without it . Take it to any country it will work.

While the phone has a nice design with shiny outline and smooth surface, it was really deteriorating in its functioning as time went along. This is the second Blu smartphone I have bought. Both of them have suffered from &#34;old age&#34; very quickly--too quickly for my money's liking. Calls will be dropped frequently and without notice. I will try at times to use my landline and call the phone but get a no response or a busy signal.The primary feature that has made me very disappointed and angry with the phone is the very short battery life. After having owned the phone for a week or so, the battery will literally need charging every day. Also, what I realized was that once you left the charger connected to the electricity after the battery registered &#34;charged&#34; the battery began swelling. So in an attempt to save the battery I found myself having to take on the role of battery monitor and guard. That obviously kept me from my actual duties and house tasks.I actually have another phone now and I made sure it was not going to be another Blu phone. I do not intend to buy another Blu phone and I am not recommending that other consumers buy them either. Maybe its just a coincidence, but I learned the hard way that buying a Blu phone made me feel blue in the end.

The phone, put simply, is horrible for my needs. I could see it functioning maybe as a text/call only phone, but the phone itself only has a paltry 100 MB of RAM. Just the required apps to run basic services of the phone take up about half that. If you use Facebook and/or Twitter, expect that to be eaten up way too quick and most processes of your phone to go to a screeching halt.I can deal with the slowness, but it also got the most unfortunate problem after less than 24 hours of use: I would receive duplicates of text messages, sometimes up to 4 of the same message, at a time. I also, according to some of my friends, were sending out multiples of the same text. This is just plain not good. I factory reset the phone twice and the problem persisted. I'm not sure if it's a problem with the way the phone handles messages when its RAM is completely used up, or if it's just a plain faulty phone. I don't know, I'm not an expert on cells.I will give it one huge piece of praise, though. The battery life in this thing is INCREDIBLE! I couldn't let my HTC Inspire sit for longer than, say, 13 hours idle before it desperately needed a recharge. The whole time owning this phone, though, the battery's capacity only dropped about 20%.Bottom line: As a starter Android phone used for NOTHING ELSE other than texts or calls, it works decently and the battery lasts a long time. I, however, cannot recommend it to anyone looking to do anything more than basic functions. Because of this, I'd recommend not even bothering with a smart phone and going for a much cheaper basic cell than this.

This phone was brought for my brother who live in Trinidad. He said that it's working fine with his phone carrier so I would recommend this phone.

What is not to like a adequately priced phone with android and a lot of apps available in the google play store. The default theme is not what I term user friendly for the majority of the users because the icons are huge.  I ended up downloading the lattice theme and was happy with the functionality after that theme was downloaded because of how small the screen is and the icons and text are much smaller with the lattice theme and it fits perfectly for this phone.I was ready to give it 4 stars, but I decided to play around with it a tad longer also this phone  has charging issues and I also was initially missing an usb cable to charge the device.  Instead of returning the unit I was willing to pay for the charger, but  Blu Support  did respond to my question but I wouldn't term them as going out of there way to help you which is probably a major caveat for the majority of users out there. However, Amazon is great and I would gladly give this a 4 or 5 star review but then again I'm reviewing the product and not Amazon. I was able to do an exchange for the same product after I sent in the first phone.The reason being is I attempted to contact them first they did give me an alternate place to shop for the cable but I was not able to find what I was looking for and the site itself didn't look reputable, so I was wondering why they would guide me there instead of Amazon or a site in which they hosted the cable so I can purchase it.I also had trouble charging the unit at times the Cable has to be forcefully inserted in the bottom. The design of the unit should not be that worrisome in which you worry about putting in the charger with force each time and then worry about breaking the phone.I've actually seen the YouTube video on this phone the item they sold me does not have the 3 interchangeable back covers or anything fancy. These are  the factory direct phones which has the bare-essentials of charger, cable, and a cover which I was not able to find in the box the first go around. I am not surprised by this at all especially with the price, but for a person who is tech savvy shouldn't have a problem using this phone with much fuss.I attempted to use the Crackle app but for whatever reason the app didn't work correctly, but I was able to play youtube videos without much of a hitch. Added a 32 gb msdHC Samsung chip in case I ever need to take pictures or music I'll probably will not even take half the space with apps or pictures in the long term because I'm not much of a shutterbug or a music listener.This is my first smartphone I purchased and I did use a Samsung one for my sister briefly, which I managed to lose when I was in India. My sister has an Iphone  now and I'll be honest I wasn't particularly jealous about her phone or cared because of the amount of data mining Apple does and the amount they charge for their products. Google and its ecosystem is no different but at least I'm not getting  ripped off or broke in the long term.To be honest the devices Apple sells and even Google are just toys for the people who have no idea how to use tech, but with the way things are that is the majority of the users in the United States now who do not know the innards of computing or to fix things in general so its just more money in the long run for the tech industry.Update: I was able to find the usb cable that I thought was missing I put it in my laptop bag while I was going to work and forgot it was there. It wouldn't have mattered anyways I bought an extra one at yugster so now I have two. The extra one I bought also came with a car charger which I put in my car.

My son loves this phone. Not bad for a starter smart phone. Next one he gets will be better than this one.

It's ok for very basic apps.  What I don't really like is that having the Wireless option ON will drain your battery in less than 30 minutes.  Several apps crash frequently. It's better to stay with the default apps to avoid this problem, but this is not guaranteed.The txt message app is a mess and can relate 1 contact with others, so when I text that one contact the text will be sent to other 3 contacts I don't want to send the message.  That default app doesn't work.I won't think about buying another product from this brand, sorry!

Good product

There is only 87mb of ram when u run games of 200mb in size it will not work.  A 4gb memory card is included but i wish they should spent on more ram instead. Everything elese works fine, battery charge fast went fron 25% to 100% within an hour.

Excelente articulo, supero mis expectativas. Recomendado a personas que deseen tener un tel&eacute;fono celular con sistema operativo android y funciones vers&aacute;tiles a un precio econ&oacute;mico.Excellent article, exceeded my expectations. Recommended for people who want to have a cell phone with android operating system and versatile features at an affordable price.

When i needed a good android phone that was not so expensive yet had all the basic features, this appeared to be the phone from the reviews i had read. The phone arrived before the estimated date and works more than i had anticipated. The call quality is wonderful. Camera is great and internal reception depending on your network provider strength, is good. The battery life is good and works well. I have not really experienced any problem with the phone yet and i have been using it for 7 months now. So if you are looking for an android phone and dont want to just spend money on this so called famous brand phone, the BLU DASH 3.5 or 4.0 is the phone to buy. Highly recommeded for the cost and functionality.

Good phone, very responsive screen. It sounds ok.The price is correct for what it does. Does not have a flash light.You cannot install whatsapp for chatting.

I used this phone in Europe with 2 sim card, AT&T; and Vodafone, it works great. You don't need 2 phones anymore, just buy this one, prove it. You will be happy.Thanks

this is a good product comparing to other phones. It can be used internationally. Not much problems using this phone

I am not liking this phone as much as I expected to as it is still not able to the basic thing I want it to.I live in the Caribbean where we have to network providers and the phone will not accept the data plan.  I am unable to browse. How basic can you get! Don,t know if there something I,m doing wrong. Took it to the network provider they input the settings and it still has not work. CALL ME STUPID.... I bought the phone.

I purchased a BLU Dash 3.5 to use on vacation, with a local Mexico sim in slot 2 (quad-band Edge) and an AT&T; Gophone sim in slot one. I tested the phone at AT&T; and got "H" connection, and it seemed very slow compared to my Tmo Galaxy S II, because it was. The antennae on the Dash 3.5 are about, I believe, half the max speed of 802.11b, or about 4-6Mbps. Better than Edge, certainly, and fine for email. The phone itself, while on wi-fi, was a delight. I loved the launcher, which made it possible to change the size of the fonts and icons on the applications screen. I really liked 2.3.6 (or whatever it has in it), more in fact than ICS on the Galaxy, and of course, far more than 2.1 or 2.2. Skype worked great, and the screen resolution was just fine; not as good as the similarly sized Moto Defy but nice and bright and clear enough. They give you two extra backs, in different colors, which is a cute touch.SO. My extra batteries arrived, and guess what? They were the model for the plain Dash, not the 3.5. The Dash 3.5 uses the C654804130T, and no one in the entire hemisphere apparently sells them. (Buy.com sells the other one, the one for the plain Dash. It is model C654205110T. An ebay seller with a phone number (who shall remain nameless) gave me that model# and a link to Buy.com. I ordered them before my own Dash 3.5 arrived.)So unless BLU itself responds with batteries, or Buy.com or its fulfiller finds some, I am sad to say my phone will be returned until such time as BLU gets its act together.The 1-star loss is because of the slow antenna BLU chose to put on this (and I assume on the VIVO 4.3 also), and the batteries being unavailable.

i ordered this phone for someone and from the time that the person received it has being giving problems the phone ,freezes goes off on it's own. this is a piece off garbage and i am supposed to pay to send it back to the USA on my  money when ordered a new cellphone and it's malfunctioning. i think that is robbery and unfair

Purchased this for my 11 year old.  It wasn't to expensive and gets the job done. I would recommend this

I am enjoying this product and look forward to buying some more later on. Price is good and also affordable.

This phone is pretty and cost effective, however it did not work for me.  The calls were not clear and it kept dropping them.  The reception was also poor.  Perhaps my carrier was not compatible with that phone.

It's a model I had never used before, attractive, portable, plenty of features like Wi-Fi, mail and Gmail among others, Still learning how to use it but its interesting. However, screen not very clear when showing videos, picture music and photos.

Just got the phone today was pleasantly suprised it worked so well with my ATT sim., still need to test it out with another Sim to test the dual sim properties, booted up and started installing and customizing apps, synched my email without a hitch, phone calls to friend was clear, streaming Pandora on it right now while i type and is coming clear.  GPS is accurate using maps and navi.  the battery seems to drain a bit faster than i liked.  Also for some reason i cant install shazam or any music recognition apps, says its imcompatible to the phone :(  Also a friend tried using a spring sim but didnt work, then again sprint uses a different type of cell protocol, CDMA i think, works well with ATT thought here in Cali.  One of the biggest suprises of the phone is that you can use teether and use the phone as a wifi hotspot, i wasn't able to do this on my iphone!pros +clear calls,emails connected smoothlysim worked right awaystreaming with pandora music is smoothTeetheringcon's -battery life seems a little less (still need to test this out furthur though)shazam or any android music recognition isin't supported for some reason, hoping i can find something out there i can usecant handle too much multi tasking, when running pandora and webrowsing it seemed to stutter a lil

There is less than 200 meg internal storage and when I added a 32 gig SD card it doesn't allow you to install many apps on SD card and doesn't access files on card.

This Android works great and has a very good performance.  I ensured I bought a high-speed storage card (class 10) so that performance wouldn't be slowed down due to the card.  I installed the Consumer Cellular SIM card and the phone worked immediately; however, web and MMS didn't work.  Consumer Cellular support couldn't see the phone in order to push down the network settings so, I had to do some research.  Some info was okay on Internet but not good enough so, after about 3 days, I collected enough info to successfully gain all services to get Web & MMS to work with Consumer Cellular.  I hope this helps others.  Here are the settings I used (assuming you've deleted any APNs you might already have:Add a new APN and insert in the following values.  Notes:  If you don't have all the values available, just enter the ones you do have available (it might still work for you).  Some values are purposely left blank and should remain that way.  Also note that (on some phones) for "APN type", no spaces should be used so don't be tempted to add a space after the comma.a. Name:  Consumer Cellular WEBb. APN:  att.mvnoc. Proxy:  proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comd. Port:  80e. User Name:f. Password:g. Server:h. MMSC:i. MMS proxy:  proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comj. MMS port:  80k. MCC:  310l. MNC:  410m. IP Version:  IPn. Authentication type:  PAPo. APN type:  default,suplp. APN Protocol:  IPv4Click &lt;Save>.  If you don't see that as an option, you will have to look for what button to push on the phone to reveal it as an option.Add another new APN and insert the following values.a. Name:  Consumer Cellular MMSb. APN:  att.mvnoc. Proxy:  proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comd. Port:  80e. User Name:f. Password:g. Server:h. MMSC:  [...]i. MMS proxy:  proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comj. MMS port:  80k. MCC:  310l. MNC:  410m. IP Version:  IPn. Authentication type:  PAPo. APN type:  mmsp. APN Protocol:  IPv4Click &lt;Save>.

Bought this for my wife to replace her blackberry cell phone on a scale of one to ten I give this an 8 only because of the size. Otherwise if you want a basic android phone without the bells and whistles this is the one! Works fine even internationally you will not regret this BLU Phone !

Phone barely functioned and then died completely after less than 2 months for no reason.  This phone barely functioned when it worked, and then it died completely after less than 2 months for no reason. When it did work, it would frequently cut out and mute itself, which meant that I was unable to carry on a conversation with people. Today it died without warning, and I am unable to even turn it on. I don't want a replacement phone. I just want my money back.

I chose this phone because it was an android. How wrong I was to buy it. It keeps freezing up on me, and when I am using wifi, it will automatically take me to the main phone screen. Even if I am playing a game it will freeze up or tell me me it encountered a problem and forces me to force close the game. It's really irritating. I wouldn't get this phone because it sucks.

I bought this phone for my 10 year old son and I think its great im thinking about getting one for myself. it has plenty of apps that come programmed already and its very big does everything if you get this phone you will love it!!!

Meets the needs of my brother very well.  Other family requesting and I am considering purchase for myself. Thank you

I chose to buy this phone because I thought I was the only person in the world without a smartphone. I must say this is really great and is very smooth. The size fits perfectly in my hand or pocket, and it looks very sleek and stylish. I have made successful calls and people can hear me, and I can hear them! I can download apps and sync my email to the phone. I did notice that sometimes an app won't be available due to the phone having an older android version. I am not sure if I can upgrade or not. That is the only thing I don't like about it. Overall, it is a great phone and a really good price for it.

can someone tell me how I insert my profile pic for texting?  I can insert my friends pics but not my own.Also having a problem using Whatsapp, when I try to launch it it tells me my time and date are incorrect. Anyone have any suggestions.

great deal for this price didn't expect to get a 3 G smart phone on this range of price good quality just didn't forget the limitation due to the memory and the fact that it's a GMS phone so it will work only with GMS carrier

I bought this phone in June and it is already deteriorating. The sound is horrible on this phone and an annoying sound interferes my calls. Getting through customer service is a hassle. Communication is done through email. When I tried calling, I got directed to their voicemail. Instead, I get repeated emails about resetting my phone, and sending them information about the phone and its issues. Will be sending this phone back for repairs, but they dont even send you a box with a prepaid postage like most companies do.

This is an excellent product! Easy set up. Good range ( I use with Straight Talk). Excellent Battery Life. Thinking about getting another

Just a heads up: if you're looking for Android 2.3, this actually came with 4.2.2 (I wanted the earlier version for testing). Also, you'll probably want an SD card, the storage is extremely limited otherwise (no screenshots, can't download many apps, etc.).

Have been using for just a week. This cell phone worths the money! Only 175Mb ROM  available for App`s. Battery lasts longer than other android phones. Loud speakers, good mic. Camera ok. Easy to choose SIM for calls or SMS. FM radio works pretty well! No bugs yet!!! I`ll be back if that happen!!! CPU is fine. Haven`t use the bluetooth yet.BUYERS outside the U.S: Be aware on 3g frequency! Some Dash works on 1900. Others on 2100.***Unexpectedly AMAZON sent me an open-box item, with both seals broken. But the item was sopposed to be brand new!

Kingo Android Root 1.0.8, which I downloaded from magorgeeks, successfully rooted my Blu Dash 3.5, model D170a.Previous versions did NOT work, but the new scripts have been added, and its FREE.root verified by super user and "root checker basic", free from google play

it's now two months later... The mini sd card holder no longer holds the card in place. Had to place a piece of rubber band between the card and the battery to keep it down.  Everything else works great....when the card is in place.the card.Purchased Dash 3.5 for use on our trip to Ireland.  BothT-Mobile SIM at home and second one at the Dublin airport worked immediately.  GPS worked like a charm. Battery carried through the day and needed little recharging.  Camera was fair but was expected and unfortunately no covers are available so I purchased a zippered ipod pouch for it. Wireless access on buses, pubs, B&B;'s no problem.  I was very happy with it.For the price and peace of mind this phone was perfect.

Ok, today I received my phone and it is nice! Just about the size of a iphone 4 very similar in size approx. What can I say this is a basic android phone but, it's android OS! That's what I wanted was basic android, twitter works great youtube works great texting etc is great for the price you are getting a great deal! Look i give it a 5 stars for what it was built for, if you want android and not pay to much this is the one for you not to big not to small just right. I have it paired with ''Solavei/T-Mobile'' phone signal... great service no issue works great with Blu products especially with this Dash 3.5 if you get that service put the sim card in slot 1 from left to right only 2 slots but put it on the left one! 2nd one only will give you 2g. there service is $49 Unlimited Talk Text Data 4G Nationwide no contract. I suggest you go with them love the service and great customer service... [...]  love the dash!!! I really want that Studio 5.3 S phone though!

I haven't even received my phone yet, but I decided to read through the comments again and I noticed a lot of people complaining about many things such as no online support, not knowing what all the symbols mean or how to do this or that. Much of the stuff I read was wrong according to the manual (we will see when my phone gets here) Download the manual here and get all your questions answered.  bluproducts.com/pro-detail/dash35

Blu dash smart phone is a very good and economical, since most android phones exceeding 200 dollars, this has nothing to envy but the camera is not very good. not recommended for those who like to take pictures with your phone, this punctuation chosen as the headphones were damaged and I think they have to be very aware with that, the rest excellent in the transaction and shipping.

Cool for a phone with two lines. i like it though have a problem with the internet switching from a different line .

I ordered two of these for my wife and me. When they were delivered, one seemed to work OK, one had a defective battery so I returned it. The replacement would not power on so I returned it. The next replacement had a defective battery; meanwhile I discovered that the other phone would not download my contacts and call history to our car's Bluetooth system (my old phone with the same SIM card downloaded them). I returned phones for a refund and ordered Samsungs from my carrier.

Crappy phone! Plugged it in to charge..when I woke up I saw a message saying ' battery temperature above normal'....real fire hazard if you ask me!!!

I was pleased with the Blu Studio 5.3 i bought for myself and I decided to buy a Blu phone (of appropriate size) for my daughter. She was thrilled and has enjoyed it since day one.

Its a great option for the price, I bought it for my daughter and i didn't want to spend much because i wasn't sure how long it will last in case she lost the phone.  I was impress its a great smartphone,  if you want to have a smartphone but you dont want to spend much this is the perfect option.

The volume is not the best but it will pass and the battery is the same, however there seems to be no accessories for this phone including batteries, cases, etc.

This Android phone works great and has a very good performance. it worked very well  with my carriers. Delivered on time. Item as advertised

This is a great intro phone or for people who are economy minded.  Not the fastest and can't run tons of apps at the same time, but that's what I expected.  This is obviously not your top tier phone, but it gets the job done.  Unlocked, WiFi, Camera, 3G,Good:- **less than $90 for an unlocked android!!**- great phone reception (better than any other phone I've probably used)- nice size/weight, feels great in your hand- Android 2.3 is pretty good- Sealed new condition with charger, hands free headphone/mic, battery- Dropped it a couple times from short heights and it has come through unscathed- Unlocked/3G/WiFi/Camera/Android all for less than $90, what's not to likeNeutral:- Not great WiFi reception (shows low signal, but can still stream netflix fine)- Onscreen keyboard is a bit small for my fat thumbs, basically fixed using &#34;magic keyboard free&#34; app.  I knew it was a smallish (3.5in) screen when I bought it and until this phone I only used qwerty keyboards.Bad:- OS is sluggish at times (end up re-tapping and accidentally selecting something I didn't want as it catches up) due to...- Running memory is small, you can't run a lot of service based applications at once (e.g. facebook/mail/battery saver/etc.)- No camera flash means you can't get any decent pictures in low light areaIf you don't care about having 4G, 2 cameras, no flash for the camera, then this is a great bargain.

This is a basic android phone, camera would be better, rest average, wifi and bluethoot good. average phone low price

I was looking for a dual sim unlocked phone but I needed it not to be so expensive, and I couldn't have decided better !!! It is really worthy. it is really friendly, the only problem that I have had so far is that I can not use whatsapp, but I believe it is due my data plan, I have to go to my provider and check, otherwise, not complain !!!
