
does everything i want plus moreLarge screen good battery life fast processorCall quality is clear and volume loudPlay store has good selection of apps

1. I ordered a titanium and got a white one.2. The phone is a used one. I dumped it into the river nearby as it was not what I thought I paid for.The supplier is definitely dishonest!In fairness, Amazon is normally better than this!Carlos G Santos

Buy it,  at your on risk, be aware you will have no warranty support from Samsung neither from the store.If you open the box and the N7100 is not working or stops to work few weeks after,as happened with my one, you threw  your money on the waste.Be always on the safe side,  buy hw with warranty.Good lucky.

Best buy i ever had made. im really happy with the samsung galaxy note 2 is the best phone in the market in this momentt

I recently purchased this for my wife, whose Galaxy 1 started to become well used. The size is between a galaxy 2 and a 7" tablet. Basically it is a slightly smaller tablet you can also use as a phone. Keyboard size is good. I got the unlocked version because her service provider does not have this model available yet.  Android 4 appears to be very stable, and most of your earlier version apps will transfer.As a plus, this model comes with a built in stylus like the new Galaxy Note 10.1 which is very handy.

CANT PUT DOWN my fone! so much to explore and discover!one of the best gadgets/fones i ever had!!Only DOWNER is - i got myself a 64gb scandisk memory bcos by internal memory is just 10gbs - BUT - unfortunately these fones need to be rooted then get download some apps etc...Why cant the fone just give me option to save my apps and media on internal or external memory?Its quite a hassle if you are not a techie type.So now im left with doing all that setting up external memory so that i could download more apps and have space for my media files.otherwise like i said - i love this phone. My bf got iphone 5, but compared to mine - mine is def so much better and bigger.sometimes my bf gets jealous.its really enjoyable piece of gadget.

I would like to give 5 Stars, but because of the restriction that does not allow user to Install the apps on the SD Card, it poses a big drawback.Samsung should fix that with an OS upgrade.

I like this phone especially the screen. People say that the screen is huge but you get used to it. It's like a mini iPad

If I had known that "International" means limited internet in US, and always roaming; I never would have bought the phone.So I sent it back.

it's a great Phone, I like it...it's fast, it's really cool, it's good for business, good for internet, good for every thing...

I really like this phone, But it's not fit for everybody. It might be too big to some of you, but that was what i liked the most in this phone, i barely use my computer now! The camera is very clear, very fast phone, i enjoy watching clips and surf the net. Reading and writing an e-mail is so convenient.  The only disadvantage i discovered is very easy to break. I dropped it once and it's cracked, so be careful.

I do have one issue the OS does not allow to install apps on microSD card hope that OS updates will resolve this issue

I love this phone, it's the best phone I ever own and I recommend it to my friends and they already bought three of the phones, this is a much better phone that the I phone I had. excellent product.

OMG I love this phone, I will never change it. Fast deliver and good product. I recieved it even before the time that was in the order. Thank you for the good service

Have this for like 2 weeks and all I can say is that this phone is just awesome. I nothing else to say!

I've had this phone for about 2-3 weeks now.  I'm coming from using an iphone 3g so it's hard for me to compare to it's true peer the iphone 5.Pro's- Large screen, lots of apps, good touch response, good rear speaker, quick processing power.Con's- It's take a while to handle it so you're not activating something on the screen.  Also the power button on the side should be moved to the top like and Iphone.  Not sure if thats some sort of patent thing, but it just adds to one more button to accidently pushing during handling.  Also IMO...all buttons should be more flush with the body to help prevent accidental pressing.  These button stick out just enough to be accidently pressed during handling. I just didn't have this problem with an even smaller Iphone.I haven't used it as a phone yet because I'm overseas and will be returning home soon.  FYI, it uses a mini sim card.  What I do like is my computer picks up the phone with no issues like an external device so makes transfering files easy.I find the stylus pretty useless.  The few times I have used it, the action isn't very responsive.  Maybe I'm using it wrong?Another problem I don't like is when I'm texting in landscape mode, the keyboard takes up the whole screen except for the line on top I'm typing so I can't easily reference the material above that line.  Everything works normal in portrait mode.  Not sure if this issue is my phone or a android thing.  Maybe there's another keyboard app?  Haven't tried.One of my big things is using unlocked phones, and I also liked the size so overall I like this phone and it suites my needs.

there are so many feature that this phone have that iphone don't and both of them have relatively the same price.I

No other cell phone better, speed, multi processing and definition is amazing. If you buy it, you will not regret.

mora than expected I definitly recomend it.  if you do t care care size. great for womans we alwYs got a purse so size is no problem at all.

A few months ago I purchased a note 2 from this seller and everything was fine. Since I had a good experience with them and needed another note 2, I decided to buy another one from them. Unfortunately the person who was going to use it in my company did not need it so I asked to return. Not only did I have to pay for the return shipping, the seller charged me a 15% restocking fee. I understand some fee should be charged but 15% is a rip off. They just lost a customer with me and all my 60 employees.I recommend if you are going to buy a note 2 do so from Amazon just in case you might return.

excelente venderor muy responsable lo rrecomiendo 100%, los envios lo hacen a tiempo, gracias , el producto llego totalmente completo

Best smart phone I ever had. I don't need a tablet.Is just the right size, and the battery life last for 20 hours with heavy use.

Spectacular, as you can read elsewhere. Some things I like that don't get talked about as often as others:-  removable battery. About $20 to get a spare battery and charger. Don't plug in, just swap batteries.-  standard cables. Inexpensive-  Strong, thin back that you can rip off and smear back on every day without damage. Makes for a light phone that's less slippery.

Arrived on time, works great, using it daily.Read ANY review about the Galaxy note 2 anywhere.Its fast. reliable. Huge screen makes viewing movies etc easy.If I start writing it just won't end how much this product is great.

Great item; but you have to get use to its size.  Works well, but you my have a problem finding a sim card for it.  But you can find a sim card cutting template on the internet.  So service providers will cut one for you if they don't sell them already.  With that issue out of the way I am sure you will be more than happy with the unit.  Note that many of the apps for this unit can be downloaded for free.  That being sad remember that music, photos, data files, and apps eat up the phones memory and battery; invest in an additional battery if you are using the phone to do more than make calls and you will.  Also consider getting no less than 32GB of additional memory.

Happy with the purchase so far. Worth every penny. Had a Nokia N8 for almost 2 years before this so was looking for a major upgrade. Feels a little awkward when taking a call, but barely do that anymore (and usually just use the loudspeaker when I do). Screen is huge and awesome, feels like I've barely tapped the potential of the thing but I already use it for loads of stuff I never thought I'd do on a smartphone (some art, note jotting, watching short clips, music, even get to work a bit with dropbox integration and a latex editor. Highly recommended if you need a powerhouse at the tip of the finger and can embrace the big screen (I grew tired of trying to read on small ones really).

excellent phone and good apps available. was interested in the I phone but decided on the Note. no regrets there.

Excelente aparelho, cheio de recursos e ideal para quem, como eu, quer um aparelho que caiba no bolso e ao mesmo tempo seja confort&aacute;vel para navegar na net, acessar FB, Skype,etc. O GPS &eacute; muito bom, e r&aacute;pido para localizar sua posio.POR&Eacute;M ... no dei 5 estrelas pq o Google Maps s&oacute; funciona com conexo &agrave; Internet, o que &eacute; muito lament&aacute;vel, visto que Internet m&oacute;vel no Brasil &eacute; cara e no muito confi&aacute;vel. Se quiser usar mapa offline vai precisar comprar e pagar caro se quiser um bom mapa. Que tal se o Google fornecesse mapas para uso offline (mesmo cobrando um valor aceit&aacute;vel?) - e o recurso de &#34;salvar para uso offline&#34; no existe para o Brasil, al&eacute;m de ser um tanto &#34;quebra-galho&#34;. Sendo assim, vou ter que conservar meu Nokia N8 para usar como GPS, no que ele &eacute; excelente e a Nokia me garante atualizaes gr&aacute;tis de mapa para sempre.A prop&oacute;sito, como este N7100 &eacute; desbloqueado (unlocked) funciona perfeitamente no Brasil. &Uacute;nico detalhe, se vc tiver um chip SIM comum, vai precisar ir &agrave; operadora para trocar por um mini-SIM, o que &eacute; imediato.

excelente producto, altamente recomendado pues las mejoras con respecto al samsung galaxy note 1 se nota las diferencia mayor rendimiento y f&aacute;cil manejo

I just LOVE this phone..everyday I discover more ..It is everything I need in one complete package.Service from the shipper was amazing..I had it shipped to a friend at a hotel who was bringing it to me..I worried about the time frame and emailed the shipper...they responded immediately and said no worries! It arrived on time ..

Customer alert: do not purchase this phone, especially from this company. I purchased the phone for a gift ,subsequently the phone started dropping calls and loosing signal. My discussion with Worldwide distributorslead me too Samsung themselves, who refused to have anything to do with this item. In fact it appears the phonewas purchased from the United Emirates and there was no one to call or contact regarding issue. Worldwidewashed their hands and so did Samsung. In fact even Amazon said they could not do anything.  Long story shortI was out over $700, and the person who received the gift had to purchase a new phone. I dont know about theirother products but do not purchase this phone from this company, and I would go as far to say, do not purchase thesetype of items from Amazon. Purchase from a reputable phone retailer, who will stand by their product.

I absolutely love this phone. I bought it for travelling originally and now I use it at home too. The only down side is be prepared for the Oooh's and Ahhh's from friends and people when you take it out!

The Note II is a very good CP.  It is a very good Tablet.  Together they are a great product,  The two cams, one front and one rear, is really nice.  Can use the front for im and the rear for making movies and taking still photos.If had larger memory is about the only complaint.  Need at least 64 GB for the cams.Any one looking for a Tablet or a CP should check this unit out.  They are combined into a nice package here.

Todo fue excelente, el poder revisar por donde lo llevaban, cuando llegaba, el producto nuevo y funciona de maravilla,  tal cual lo describieron. Yo lo recomiendo,  esta muy buena esta tienda!!!

I won't waste your time reviewing the features of this phone - factual information on this device has reached saturation levels already!Instead, here are 2 of the biggest fears I had, put to rest since I bought it:1. &#34;The international version (GT-N7100) uses 3g/4g bands that are not compatible with T-Mobile, so T-Mobile users would be stuck with Edge speeds&#34;. Luckily, T-Mobile have already begun rolling out 3g on the 1900 band (which this phone supports) so there is no longer any real advantage to having the T-Mobile branded version instead, in my opinion. I have been able to get 3g in Kansas City at the time of writing. This is a big deal because, at the time of writing, T-Mobile has the best monthly data plan options by far.2. &#34;It's too big.&#34; Nothing could be further from the truth. It fits in my jeans pocket along with my wallet EASILY, and I hardly even know it's there. Believe it or not, it has a less obtrusive profile that my 1st generation iPhone, and weighs about the same. It does have an amazing screen area, but it's very slim, and that makes a much bigger difference than screen area. Apple are simply wrong about the iPhone being the optimal form factor, and this phone will prove that. I predict this form factor is about to become very popular.Complaints that you can't reach everything with one hand are irrelevant - of course you can't reach across the whole phone because there's more phone. You can still reach as much stuff as you could before. There's just extra space for more stuff! How is that bad?I'm not a gadget person who tries out all the latest stuff. The last smart phone I bough was the 1st iPhone. It took that much of an evolutionary leap to persuade me to try it out 5 years ago. This is honestly the 2nd smart phone I have ever been tempted to buy - in my opinion, the form factor, power and stylus precision take this phone a step beyond all the others.

It surppass my expectations in many aspects! I like the funcionality and the speed, but I dislike the price. I already recomended this product to many friends.

DE LO MEJOR QUE HAY EN TEL&Eacute;FONO HASTA LOS MOMENTOS .... EXCELENTE CUMPLE CON LAS ESPECIFICACIONES DEL VENDEDOR.. ESTE TELEFONO CON ESA BELLA PANTALLA T&Aacute;CTIL ES ESPECTACULAR

When one opens the box, there is a sense of awe. People ask "Is this really a phone" was one reaction I got. It is an amazing piece of hardware. I have used Android devices starting from Cupcake version, used iPhone, HP Veer with webOS, Windows 7.5 HTC Titan 2. This phone is the sleekest and one of the best so far. It is fabulous!  I find the big size to be very good and not a problem at all. Will the Galaxy Note 3 be 6" ?!Out of the box, connect to wireless and get the phone logged into Google account. The advantage of Android phones is that once you are logged into Google universe, everything gets synced up especially if you have been using Android.  The position of power button is at an excellent position for your hand on this Note 2. The additional LED for notification on top is very handy. Listen Apple? The camera serves some really futuristic ideas also. It can check if you are looking at the phone and disable screen lock (even if you set timeout to say 30 sec). Also it can serve as password unlock. Amazing! These can be set from Settings Menu.The Android version as of Oct 26 2012 is Jellybean 4.1.1. Kernel version is 3.0.31-259982. Model GT-N7100. I got the 64 GB microSD card. Get this mobileUltra, it is the latest as of Oct 2012. (SanDisk 64GB Mobile Ultra MicroSDXC Class 6 Memory Card with SD Adapter - Retail Packaging. Settings show an available space of 59.45 GB. So along with 16 GB built (system shows only around 10.46 GB), my Note 2 has 80 GB memory. With music in the  Google Music cloud, I intent to use the memory for video/pictures as a camcorder/camera.I strongly suggest going through Settings and customizing many things as per your desire. I did Voice Input, Keyboard (this comes with English(UK), change to English(US) for example. Fiddle around the settings and you will be amazed how much you can customize. I also did Battery % to appear in notification bar.One thing I found the default keyboard did not show Mic button. I realized it was next to Sym button. Long press it and choose Mic. And then on, it will appear in default keyboard. Also customize the accent. It can do magic for typing. I type paragraphs at a time effortlessly. This is Google backend servers at work. The Mic on Samsung Galaxy Note 2 does a fantastic job!S-Pen, Ah.. I was truly impressed. You have to use these to believe it. The note taking was very fluid. Samsung seem to have nailed it. I wrote up an equation in Equation mode - x^5 = x^2 + 2x + .... Something completely random, another one d/dx(an equation) and it recognized perfectly and asked it to search, it went to Wolfram Alpha and solved it. It is at first unbelievable and then it starts to sink in this is a computer program made well. Like it should be in first place! Export to pdf is very good. The main thing is the pen is very fluid and feels like a fountain pen writing.Overall, the phone feels very smooth and snappy. The screen is crisp and clear. Apps can even be multi screened. Samsung approved apps can be placed two in a screen. Eg. Maps on top and email on bottom portion. I doubt I will use this, but handy.One gripe I have with this phone is speaker is on the back. Typically if you lie the phone down, the speaker is blocked on bottom. I wish the speakers were in the side. This is a design decision and not sure why phones have speaker on back. But the speaker volume is very high, so I am not complaining too much.One big pain point with Android is once you purchased/downloaded for free Apps, they cannot be permanently deleted. So even if you get a junk app, and delete immediately they are permanently there in your Google Play store. From the phone's play store I got 300+ Apps. One cannot choose 50 apps and say get all these. You have to do one by one. After getting one, the screen resets to beginning. So I went to a computer browser and pushed apps to pone. This is easier and faster.UPDATE: With Jellybean and even ICS, I found you can delete the apps. It is not very intuitive. On Play, there is a circle with a /. Click on it to delete the app. It disappears from the phone list.Some of apps I have as of now :Nike Running+ App - Excellent app uses GPS to track walk/run, highly recommend for fitness trackingAmazon MobileAndroid Status : Android Status app shows ARMv7, Max Freq 1.6 GHz, BogoMips 1592.52 Memory 1.79 GB, Free 365 MB, Internal Storage 10.46 GB Free 7.18 GB. Total Process running 271! Kernel 159/User 112 Interface has IPv6 as well as IPv4 addressAndroidifyAngry Birds (Space/Seasons)Asphalt 7Amazon App StoreBoxCar Maintenance Reminder ProChromeCNET TVGoogle Currents (nice way to read News)Draw SomethingGoogle DriveEbayFM Radio (needs headphone)LinkedinGoogle MusicOverDrive Media Console: Library eBooks & Audiobooks(public library consumption of media)Microsoft One Note (legacy docs, skydrive of 25 GB is good)Subsonic Music StreamerTerminal Emulator (still need to use vi, yes this is it)TweetCaster Pro for Android(excellent twitter client)Twit.TvGoogle VoicePlenty of WidgetsAsk questions, the review cannot do justice to Note 2, I find something new always. I will be glad to answer any questions.

A very interesting and enjoyable phone. The best of the galaxy generation so far. I am using it as a phone and also as a computer. The price is expensive but it is worth it. This is my second phone of the samsung galaxy generation after the galaxy s2.

A_Mazing! This is the best phone/tablet I've ever had in my hand by far. Thinking about it? Buy it. The features are futuristic, and it's lighting fast. I ordered a straight talk sim, and it was plug and play.

Got this for a friend who will be in Africa eventually.  He LOVES it, even before getting a temp phone service to use while in the US.  He can Skype his wife in SA. She likes the clear picture.

pros: excellent product, nice design, fast processor, easy to usecons: battery seemed to be not durable, the screen should be smaller.however, it is an excellent product and worth money.

este telefono es una maravilla muy rapido me gusta mucho es muy facil de usar realmente estoy encantada de haberlo comprado

Purchased as a anniversary gift for my husband. He just loves it and is enjoying learning and using all of the wonderful features. Works great when we skype too. Is very user friendly and would love to get one for myself now.

Buyers be aware!!! Cellphone has not warranty in USA  or any other part except in Slowakia . So if you want to buy a cellphone without any support BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK. BE AWARE OF SELLER THEY ARE NOT HONEST.

Great device, I would recommend it to anyone  having the need for this kind of device. I purchased it mainly to take shorts notes.

There's so much it can do and so many apps. The speech app is sketchy sometimes but I don't use it much. I use it for notes and keeping track of bookings. So glad I got it.

This is the first smartphone that I bought and at first I'm kind of hesitant on buying an unlocked international version because of some reviews that I have read. Buying this phone is very worth it and I love all of it's feature. Also, the phone arrived on time and in good condition.

This was probably the best amazon purchase I ever made. This is an amazing phone and the entire transaction went smoothly,  at the lowest price out there. I needed an unlocked international version due to my travels.

I am so happy I purchased this. I have an S3 but the Note 2 is so much better. The titanium gray finish makes it look sleek and elegant, a nice change from white or black. I use an international micro SIM card purchased from Amazon and it works well. I got online through Wi-Fi and downloads were quick. My apps were easy to install and use. I needed an unlocked international version because I travel around the world and I need a phone that can roam on 2G or 3G networks. I also added a 64GB microSD card for listening to music and audiobooks. I can replace my iTouch and not have to carry 2 devices, plus the microSD card slot lets me carry more than the on-board storage. I like having options and the Note 2 gives me plenty.03/15: I set up my music and listened through my Bose headphones. The sound is great and I can change the ambience to bass boost or I can customize my listening settings. I set up my playlists and the graphics are good quality and brilliant colors. I spent the afternoon taking photos with my Note 2 and they came out great. The quality was so much better than my point&shoot.; I also got some video with sound that is amazingly good. Transferring the photos and videos to my PC was easy. Owning this device just eliminated another item I no longer need to carry. I travel a lot and I usually carry my iPad + cell phone + camera. This would replace all those easily. My only two wishes were that it used a regular SIM card rather than a microSIM card and that it came in the same gorgeous garnet red as the limited edition Galaxy Tab 2 7". I found a deep red flip cover, so here's hoping it will be beautiful. I am very happy with my purchase!04/27: The Amigo flip cover for this device is a beautiful deep berry red. I get compliments on both the case and the phone wherever I go. I'm taking advantage of the daily free Android apps that are compatible. I've gotten some great free apps through Amazon's program.05/16: I have traveled to several different countries in Africa and I have had no trouble using my phone service. Service depends on the carrier, not the device. Some countries do not recognize my SIM card for calls but let me send/receive SMS text messages. My device still rocks! I'm using it a lot more these days than my iPad. I still need my iPad for movies, though, because Amazon Instant Video (download) is not for android devices, just the Kindle, the iPad and the PC. I hope that will change one day because the Note 2 is great for watching video content. I've watched some YouTube videos on this and the quality is execellent.

So everyone intending to purchase the international version, please read the email response I received based on my inquiry to Samsung USA customer service concerning the operation of my phone. I hope this helps you make an informed decision. I redacted my personal information.On Wed, Dec 26, 2012 at 10:44 AM, President [...] wrote:Hello Mr.xxxxxxxxx,Thank you for your inquiry.  Unfortunately, Samsung Telecommunications America is unable to provide information, technical support, or repair services for models manufactured for use in other countries, as we do not have the knowledge base or components to provide service.Because this inquiry is in relation to a model manufactured for use in another country, we would have to advise contacting the contact center of the country in which the phone was made for use.  We do apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.Thank youSamsung Telecommunications AmericaFrom: Samsung Customer Support Center [mailto:dear_customer@contactus.samsung.com]Sent: Sunday, December 23, 2012 7:21 PMTo: [...]Subject: [Samsung ERMS] Samsung Galaxy Note II - GT-N7100This is a customer's email received through "Email the CEO" in Samsung.com.- Subject : [Subject]Samsung Galaxy Note II - GT-N7100- Contents : I recently purchased this cell phone from Amazon.com/us for the sole purpose to have the advantage of the advertized international travel advantage. I need some information and contacted Samsung customer service (live chat and by phone) only to be told that I cannot receive customer service due to the device being an international version. To receive customer, i was told to contact customer service I need to contact Samsung China! What kind of madness is this?!Copyright 2012 Samsung All rights reserved.

The Note 2 arrived as scheduled and it is in perfect condition. The phone is amazing and I am very happy with my purchase. I have no complaints or criticism with the phone or the seller as everything is just as it was advertised. I would recommend both the phone and the seller.

Excelente compra, el producto ha satisfecho mi necesidad y el periodo de env&iacute;o de la compra fue muy oportuno, no tengo ninguna queja.

This product satisfied my expectations, is much better than all others smartphones i had. It seems to be very big but once you get used to it you realize is the perfect size, great native apps the S pen y the best.

Received on time. In good condition.Really did come factory unlocked. Live in Kingston Jamaica and just inserted my sim and it worked. No longer used my tablet just my Note 11 for evey internet based function. For a phone a little big but just use earpiece. Saw an Iphone and was thinking that it was so small as I am now totally used to the size of my Note and think all other phone screens are too small. You would be surprised how fast you get use to this. Still learning something new every day about Note

everything about this is great so far.  sharp looking images and error free touch screen. I could be wrong but even the battery lasts longer than my other phone

VERY GOOD!!!GREAT PRODUCTS, RECOMEND ITSIMPLE TO USEGOOD PRICEGOOD BATERYGOOD 3SIGNALOK WHEIGTVERY SIMPLE INSTRUCCIONSRECOMEND

I used to be an iphone fan, if you are considering to change to the Samsung Galaxy, dont hesitate, the software blew me away!, same as the iphone 3g did. I could see the rabbit and turtle story apply to Apple and Samsung. Relating to the size, it is perfect for the real multitasking (not running in the back, just in front) , see movies, it is really no reason to have a tablet. Besides I have received a lot of good comments related the screen definition. I am still learning : there are so many details and configuration: besides you can add the 64gb to expand to 80gb if like me buy the 16gb model. Also i use the S pen a lot.

I just got done chatting with Samsung corporate. They do not make a separate "international version" model without carrier imprints, bloatware, etc..A lie of omission is still a lie. This phone is presented in a way as to make you think you're getting a phone that has not been molested to within an inch of it's life by a carrier. That's what I want. I want a phone that is unlocked, who's network is unlocked, who's network circuitry is not manipulated to work slower on a competitor's network, who's application area is not littered with all their proprietary crap, and uninstallable, and a phone I can use without having a carrier's stupid logo stabbing me in the eyes a thousand times every time I use it, by pressing their stupid logo on the home key to start the phone and watch their stupid logo on startup screen, by watching their stupid logo on the wallpaper disappear as another stupid logo appears during the call, their stupid "soundfont" along with some stupid automated voice thanking me for using &lt;company name>, and saying my &lt;companyname> service has x minutes left. Then another stupid logo as the call connects, then another stupid logo as the call is ended.I'm not kidding. Every time I make a phone call anymore, I feel completely molested. I feel I desperately need to take a shower, look in the mirror, and remind myself I'm someone's father.Odd, isn't it? That none of the reviews here mention that they were surprised to discover it's a Carrier-Molested phone, even though it's described with no indication of this at all?That seems certain proof that the reviews were not written by customers at all, but are the lying lies of the lying liar salesmen.Get online with Samsung if you don't believe me. They don't make a version without letting the carrier defile it afterwards.
