
Received product in excellent condition. I like the apple phone is much better than the Samsung S3 I have.Feels like I never missed my Apple Iphone 4S

This is my first iPhone so I can't compare it to earlier models, but I love it.  So simple, such a smooth performance, so many apps, great camera.  With the unlocked version, I can use it in any country as long as I change the nano SIM card.  Worth the price.

Most iPhone prices are higher than the retail price, Apple now sells the unlocked versions for $650, $750, and $850 for their 16,32 and 64 gb's. Don't be fooled.

I am happy with my new phone. Everything is very good, the only problem is battery. I drains too quickly (from 6-8 hours when using internet) It really needs improvement!!!

No doubt, it's an excellent device, it's faster, lighter and more elegant that its predecessor. Good option for that person who looking for a vanguard technology.

These iPhone 5 are coming from people in china who steal the phone from the sweat shop and than make money off of them don't waste good money on this you have better changes of getting a good phone off eBay

The Iphone wasn`t unlocked..when I tried to use my sim card it says that it isn`t from a supported carrier .. when I contacted the seller he said ( it was unlocked when I sent it)..If he didn`t want to cooperate he will be charged by the law..

Great phone at a wonderfull prize.

It's unlocked but it won't activate correctly on Verizon.  Not worth the purchase other reviews for this product say the same thing,

Make sure to have extra charger if you plan to be away from home for a day... It never stays till you are back from work...I regret I did not choose Samsung listening to my daughter...but I like it with the application and all.

It was my first iphone but I had played with my mom's who has had the original, 3GS , and 4s. The larger screen is a great improvement, it isn't big but just right. I love it

The description was misleading. The phone did not come with a charger.  Additionally, the box it was shipped in was too big for the phone, so it went through a lot of banging.

I have bought a iPhone on AllStar Eletronics on November 29 and I never receveid it.I asked for an order cancellation and after 5 days I didn't even got an answer.After this problem I read the rev&iacute;ews about AllStar Eletronics and I wouldn't buy anything from AllStar Eletronics if I have read them before.It is a complete disappointment!And I am still waiting for an answer and my reimbursement.

Shipped very fast, iPhone was brand new and unlocked.Great customer service, I sent an email with some questions regarding the processing time and they responded right away.

After reading the description I was expecting to receive an unlocked iphone to use on my Verizon cell phone plan.  Yet when I went to switch my number on to the phone I found out that it was actually not unlocked and I was unable to use it.

this is the best smartphone ever made. there is no denying. epic design with epic abilities. slimmer, LESS heavier. just epic.

The Sevice was the best. Please dismiss the previous comment  because my kid rate that without my knowledge.My apology.

Phone is really nice but the charging cable sucks had buy new one and iOS has some problems but most we're fixed with updates

Basically battery is getting drain out very fast not as expected.initially it was ok but after two months started this problem.

I loved the fact that iphone has developed and covered most of its software-related issues in the iOS 7Also and most importantly, I see that iphone 5 is far better than 5C due to having an Aluminum case, while having same attributes.

EQUIPMENT IN EXCELLENT CONDITION, THE CODE IMEI TEAM NO COINSIDE AL OF THE BOX MAKES DEBLOQUEADO FACTORY BUT IN THE CONFIGURATION OF EQUIPMENT BRAND AT & T, BUT IN VENEZUELA ME WORKED VERY WELL, NOT GOOD TO AMAZON VERIFIED PRODUCTS OFFERED BY SELLERS , THANK GOD IT WORKS LIKE THE CELL PHONE, I MEAN THAT YOU OPERATE AS SOME FRIENDS IPOD.

I purchased used from JP Mobiles LLC, and I couldn't be happier. After my last phone went swimming with the fishes, I needed to pick up another phone for use with T-Mobile. I love the feel of the iPhone 5, it definitely feels well built and classy. I used Android for awhile, but you just can't beat the simplicity offered by Apple.

I personally do not see any significant difference between this phone and the iPhone 4. The only difference is that it's lighter and slimmer. If I had to do it over again, I would stick with the iPhone 4.

Excelente producto, aunque las diferencias con la versi&oacute;n anterior es poca.Entrega totalmente a tiempo, 100% recomendado.Van a disfrutar bastante de este excelente tel&eacute;fono inteligente

Review from India.My phone usage is high, further I read lots of news and surf the Internet. Iphone 5 was a dream having seen my cousins and friends use apple products.I was aware of the closed apple environment, no memory upgrade, no battery change and probably one of the most expensive phones in the market (apple premium).I faced the following issues that made me change my  mind.After a full charge the phone was 25%  at 2  pm and completely drained by 4 pm. This is after manually shutting off all apps,  navigation and wifi.I had to carry three chargers for my house, car, office and a fourth emergency battery pack in my bag just to make it last the day.I found it to  heat up when used for internet surfing even for 5 mts.When I went to the local Apple store they told me that the heating issue can be rectified if I use a case and since the battery depending on usage.When I did some reading I realised iphone has a 1,440mAh battery, while the. Galaxy S III has a beefier 2,100mAh. There is a battery drain issue that apple is planning to fix.This issues was not faced by my friends who have use S G 3 or SG4 or HTC One or other phones. My old BB bold give me full days worth of talk and surf with still lot off juice in the night.After spending 900 usd (@ Rs 56) I don't think I could be expected carry a charger or buy a case. My feel is apple will rectify these issues in the next phone.Meanwhile, I have moved on.

The phone is good and new and I like it, but The charger and the headphones  are not new, they look used

I spent over seven hundred dollars for a locked iphone5? I must be crazy!! I took my phone to tmobile to get my nano card and I activated the nano card, but then I found it &#34;activation required&#34;!! Gosh it is locked! And now both my old phone and this one cannot work because both of them do not have service.I'm trying to return it and get refund within this week and get a new one somewhere else.This is a FRAUD.

This is my first time buying online and look what happened...I bought an iPhone 5 unlocked 32G, and they sent me an iPhone 5 blocked 64G.

Loved it.Would buy another one if I had more money. Very good phone, everybody loved it a lot. Thanks so much

They are just wonderful.  I had been wanting one and now I have it....got one for my daughter....these phones are absolutely great. Very happy with it.

Because of the seller, Unlocked Phones, that sold me un used iPhone as brand new.Throught the serial number for Iphone, Apple checked that:It was an USED Iphone, bought in 2012 that someone returned to this store and this store provided an Apple care (extra garantee) and the phone is broked. This store, Unlocked Phones, selled to me an used broken Iphone as a brand new Iphone on october 15th/2013.I hope that this store named Unlock Phones, never work again with amazo.Best regards,Tathiana

The battery drains in less than 4 hoursNeither the wall charger or the accompanying lightning cable worked, I had buy new ones

this phone was really unlocked and brand new as stated . i would strongly recommend it to iPhone users. cheers

Nice But Bad WiFi Connections Anywhere I Go!

These are the type of people who make you not want to buy anything on-line. I lost 500 dollars and will never trust buying on-line again. This is the type of seller who makes it difficult for other who are just starting out. I just can not express how much this seller should be in jail.

The problem that the device is unlocked but when I travel to Saudi Arabia I tried to put my sim card in some places the works very well but in another the device give me no signal, and the LTE doesn't work in Saudi Arabia

Thank you for the help, its a good buy the phone is working fine, and things are looking good! Thank you! Other than a small problem getting started everything was as promised.

The specifications were exact: a very little scratch at the aluminum edge. The rest is perfect. I use it intensely every day and it works very well.

I have owned my iPhone 5 for a little over a year. This phone has changed my life in many ways and has made everyday tasks much easier. Apple first started with making computers but since then they have reached out and made other products that have pushed technology and has made a huge difference in our society. They started making iPhones in 2007 and with every release since then they have made huge improvements. The iPhone 5 weighs only 3.95 ounces and is only .3 inches thick. This is one of the lightest phones out there. It looks so slim and attractive, and fits in your hands perfectly. This brings up the one and only problem that I think the iPhone can approve on, its durability. I find it somewhat fragile but there's a simple solution, a case. There is a huge variety of cases and accessories that can make your iPhone 100% safe. The iPhone has a 4-inch widescreen multi-touch retina display with 326 pixels per inch. This phone makes every picture, video and anything else you put on the display absolutely beautiful. It has an 8-megapixel camera that can shoot 1080p HD video. With all of its features it still can hold a charge, giving you up to 8 hours of talk time or up to 40 hours of playing your favorite music. The iPhone 5 comes in black or white and with three different sizes of memory, 16GB, 32GB, and 64GB. Depending on how much data you want to store on your iPhone there is always a right size for your needs.  I myself have a 32GB iPhone 5 and I have found that to be plenty of space for all of my music, pictures and apps.There are so many features and apps that you can get for your iPhone 5 making this phone a hugely useful tool for your everyday life. The iPhone 5 is not just a phone but many other things. With this product you are constantly carrying a camera, shooting beautiful high quality pictures and videos. The iPhone 5 also has a new HDR and panoramic options, making it easy to capture the most wonderful and priceless events in your life. As a student I have used the camera to take pictures of notes or homework assignments, making it easy to remember what I need to do and study. Other useful apps are the compass, flashlight, and calculator. You can also take notes on your iPhone, making it great for students, businessmen and even mothers for when they have to write down a grocery list. You can even put events in the calendar such as birthdays, appointments or assignments that are due and it will remind you when they are. There are many games available for the iPhone even educational ones for young children all the way up to college students. The iPhone 5 has very fast LTE internet letting you surf the web and send emails in little to no time. Another amazing feature is the navigation system that is built in. No matter where you want to go the iPhone will give you turn by turn direction on how to get to your location.With all these features it is easy to forget that the iPhone 5 is also a phone. Letting you call, text and even FaceTime, bring you face to face with people miles away. This phone can really connect you to people who are close to you and even the ones you have just met. With apps like Facebook and Instagram you can connect and share your life with the people you love. This phone has something to offer for everyone whether you're a child, student, businessman or mother, the iPhone 5 has something to make your life easier.

The iPhone 5 exceeded my expectations, a complete redesign compared to its predecessoriPhone 4s, its super fast too! Loving it!

I was  a bit scared, to fly back to my country and find out that was not unlocked as ordered, but everything worked perfect, also the delivery time .....This is because in some reviews they said that was not new and was not unlocked .......

Even when it doesn't come with the latest tech It's a phone you can trust and a post service it won't leave you hanging. Waiting for the iOS7.

The Battery is not the best, but it is one year old, so it is ok. I love it. Great.

I bought cause i had a ipod and another smartphone and every time i had to travel had to carry both,so now with loads os memory i can do everything

I trust Apple devices indeed.iPhone 5 is one of the best smartphone in the market until now. Great features and fast processor.

the phone works gr8 with the us carriers. i still have to check it with international carriers once i go abroad.

The heading says it all.  I bought a Galaxy S4 and thankfully the screen stopped working after two days so I want back to Apple.  I have learned my lesson!

I replaced my 4S with this new model, and I'm very pleased with its light weight, slimness, and overall design.

I used the Galaxy S3 for 5 months and Android is much better than iOS, but the samsung hardware is disgusting. Apple still rock it and iphone 5 prove that.

It is thin , fast , and good looking .The most important thing about apple product is the high quality  material that they are using .

It came in the full box, and I got to enjoy watching my wife open up her first iPhone.  It has been a perfect match ever since.

The phone is OK, but the serial indicates that it is an AT&T phone and not factory unlocked one, that's the reason for my rating.

I am very pleased with this product. It was in very good conditions, I have nothing to complain about this phone

thanks i reaswed iphone 5 this good phone please tell me iphone 16gb how much prices i am sail after

Works perfectly! Its a great phone, works in my country, its light and skinny! Perfect size, perfect color! Just perfect!

Before I had bought this phone, I had an iPhone 4. I loved my 4, but I had an upgrade available and the draw of the nice new design and a chance to have Siri was just too much for me to pass up. Boy am I glad I upgraded.This is the best phone I have ever had. It works quickly and flawlessly, and it very easy to use. If you love Apple, you will love this phone. And even if you've never had an iPhone before, this phone might just convert you.It takes gorgeous pictures, call quality is great, messaging is fast and easy, and I have way too much fun using apps and playing games on it. I have quite a bit of music, a ton of pictures, and a decent amount of apps on my phone right now, and I have only used about half of the memory right now, so I think the 32 gb is plenty of storage. The only reason to go higher is if you have an extensive music collection you want with you at all times and if you like to keep movies on your phone.I highly recommend this phone, you will not regret it.

It's great, using it now. Love it, when I ordered it, my iPhone was brought to my door sooner than expected. Awesome service.

I love apple, and the new iphone 5 is simply amazing, with a processor that never tires, a battery good durability, multifunctionality and versatility, I love it.

The merchandise was achieved, this was received by the service lady and had saved, her arrived of travel and said that these packages were saved. I'm sorry for this issue, my more sincerely apologize.EXCELLENT ITEM AND GOOD BUYING

The phone physically met it's standards, but it was a locked at&t phone that salesmachine sold me. I tried contacting them but they've just been ignoring me. I've sent them about 4 emails so far and they've just been ignoring it. If you see anything that's been sold my Salesmachine, DON'T BUY IT!

Great

It is a great smartphone. Honestly if you have an iphone 3 of less, it worth the upgrade. But if you have an iphone 4s then wait for iphone 6 :)

The iphone was not in the perfect conditions I was expecting. A little dirty and some scratch. Also some troubles to get it charged. Appart from that I am happy with the purchase, for now...

I have previously owned an iPhone 4 and two Android smartphones, and this is my favorite cellphone yet. I generally like the interface updates, though there are annoyances to be found. First the good news. The iPhone 5 is thin and light, which I love. It's fast and Internet connectivity is generally quite good. The camera yields generally good photos, but mine has annoying shutter lag issues much like my iPhone 4 did; more distressing is that on mine the image that is presented onscreen is not the image actually captured. Depending on whether it is in a landscape or portrait format it cuts the top or the left side of the frame off. Imagine my extreme annoyance when I discovered that the majority of photos I took from the front row of a recent Joe Bonamassa concert lopped Joe's head off, but gave spectacular pictures of his shoes. (Joe's a snappy dresser, and they were very nice shoes.) This is such an annoyance I have thought of returning it for that alone, but I normally use a camera to take photographs, so I haven't yet. This doesn't seem to be a problem in video mode.Some improvements are not. The calendar is virtually impossible to sync with my AOL calendar (multiple trips to the Genius bar and reassurances that it's entirely compatible and they would fix it have ended up with nothing.) I'd just use a different calendar app, but I have a friend who is dedicated to the AOL calendar system, so this is a better solution for me for now (providing it ever works, anyway.) I also dislike the time zone functionality when entering items in my iPhone calendar. The phone clarity and signal strength aren't that great, honestly, and may be worse than my iPhone 4. I live with them, but am not a fan. Battery life is also not that good; I would much prefer a swappable battery, but Apple seems to think it knows better.Despite my relatively minor reservations (battery life and camera problems are my biggest concerns) I still like this phone. It's light, it's fast, it's powerful, and it's still a good choice. If I had to do it over again I'd get the 64GB version to have more onboard video memory, but careful allocation of TV programs lets 32GB work adequately for me. Having used this phone for a few months now I feel confident using it and recommend it to people who like the Apple IOS.

1. Some people/businesses will try to sell you a refurbished iPhone as new, and it will look and be packaged as if it was new. Call the original big 4 carriers to check if your iPhone had been activated previously, you might be surprised. Check by giving the IMEI number.2. Sell you a crappy item on purpose, to charge 20% restocking fee.3. Be wary of new sellers with no ratings, they don't understand Amazons definition of the condition of the item. For example, "Like New" is perfect condition with all accessories including original retail box w/ no replacement parts. Save yourself the headache and buy from experienced sellers that have been using Amazon for years!

this phone is amazing i love it , specially the size, the capability of storage, is faster than 4s and its looks are really nice

The phone was Defective not like they said &#34;used like-new, just open box to check internet&#34; Dropping calls and the Battery dying really fast.Plus, I also got a defective charger cable that i NEVER GOT BACK the new one from them. I don't recommend this seller AT ALL, they are selling BAD products over the internet.

I got this for a gift to a exchange student I had in my home. He lives is West Africa and needed a unlock phone. he has said nothing bad about the phone. so I thank you

I m sorry to tell you that I bought from YOUNGRAMSEYLORD  order prescribed as  black iphone 5brand  new 32gb unlockedBut i received it used with scratches and wearsAlso locked not worked with my sim card And 16 gb.so its fake

This is my second IPhone and as usual Apple products deliver what they promise. I am very happy with it.

Thanksss, its amazing! I am very happy with the purchase, all my regards and happy with the upgrade, was wonderful!

Of course the iPhone 5 32GB is a terrific phone.  It was a Christmas Present for my 36 yr old son.  What I'm referring to in the heading is that I inadvertently (because I'm from a different &#34;century&#34; as far as computer gizmos are concerned) purchased an iPhone 5 that was only useable with AT&T.;  My son has a contract with another cell phone service company.Long story short(er)... a manager at Addicted to Phones was very willing to rectify the mistake by allowing my son to ship the AT&T; iPhone back in exchange for an iPhone 5 compatible with his service company.I can't tell you how much we appreciated Addicted to Phones' customer relations.  Excellent!

Excelente producto, excelente proveedor llego en perfecto estado y todo le fuinciona lo recomiendo 100% compra segura excelente tel&eacute;fono ihone

My daugther is expecting this iphone, and she is very Happy with it. the i[hone fullfill her needs is exactly as she imagine.

Guys, i bought this unlocked phone for my friend in India.  As far as product is concerned, no doubt this is fully unlocked and can be readily used with any sim in the world. This product has same waranty and features loaded as iphone purchased from Apple store.  It can be used with any prepaid or post paid service.I hope Apple make this product available at lower prices to help people who genuinely need to travel abroad on a frequent basis.Hope this helps.

We are returning this product immediately - a very sad and sorry excuse for a &#34;respectible product iPhone.&#34;We want our money back - a full refund.

I was pleasantly surprised to receive the product very fast in the mailbox.Only one surprise though: it came with no headphones...Apparently it wasn't written in the description, thus it didn't came with it; which is indeed weird to ship a new iphone in its original box but with no headphones...That part could have been better dealt with, that's why this isn't a five star.Other than that, their support is quick to reply via email and I got what I wanted on time, so it was quite a satisfying experience.

The iphone I received from &#34;semidevil88&#34; was in GREAT condition. Not a single scratch on the screen or back plate. Just a minor scratch near the volume rocker, which isn't really noticeable unless you pay very close attention. Phone works like a charm and works very well on T-Mobile. Phone was unlocked and ready to rock! Phone also got to my home relatively fast as well. Pretty happy!

I love Applie products from the past 6 years, but this one came faster and smaller, i love it! I will always recommend this product!

although the battery doesn't last as I supposed it will last, the IP 5 is a nice pone and more.

good product fast, lightweight running noticeably faster than the previous the screen resolution is higher than the old model rather recommend

Just because Im an Apple lover!! The product have match my needs. Headphone as really improved. Lighter and easy to handle.

Excellent. Exactly as described in the desription. Good Product, nice and easy to use. Un opened box, enclosed with all the accessories.

I have been able to use the unlocked iPhone 5 with Regular Sim cards cut to Nano Sim size on both the Digicel and Cable and Wireless networks while in the Caribbean (Saint Lucia) - it was cheaper than trumping up roaming charges!The iPhone 5 with its bigger screen and Siri is a big hardware upgrade from my now archaic 2009 iPhone 3GS :)WHY  BUY  AN  UNLOCKED  iPHONE?I prefer not to commit to a contractI can sell my unlocked phone and upgrade without having to worry about being 'locked in' by my service provider.I prefer to activate the local phone carrier's Nano Sim for extended stays abroad - it works out cheaper for local calls and I can use Skype/Facetime/Magic Jack etc for my calls back home.RECOMMENDED: I like the Incase Pro bumper/case and theBelt Clip Holster Case with VELCRO closureSEE MY PHOTO IN CUSTOMER IMAGESHope my review and photo was helpful ... Jeffrey A. (Jeff)

I ordered an Unlocked Phone and a friend brought it to Africa where I work and when I got it here, found out it was locked. Had to send it back with another friend to get my money back.

Showed up on time and works

I bought a factory unlocked iphone 5 from this vendor while I was in the visiting friends in USA in December. When I opened the sim tray it stroke me that there was an ATT nano Sim there. Back home, I  tried to activate the phone with my carrier from Argentina (Movistar) and the phone could not activate saying that my carrier's nanosim was imcompatible. So it seems like the iphone is actually locked (probably to ATT). We do not have oficial Apple Stores in my country so I'm stuck. Fortunatelly, I am travelling again to the USA in 15 days soI will book an appointment at San Francisco's Apple store to see if the can confirm that the iphone is locked and hoperfully  they can swap it for an unlocked unit.I have paid more than 700 dolars and I can't use this phone. This is outrageous.AVOID!!!

The SIM tool is no longer included with the iPhone. Therefore, I am totally happy with the product and service.

Very good I am very happy with the product.  It meets my expectations. Would not buy a different phone anymore

Prazerosa sensao ao utilizar o aparelhoMuito r&aacute;pidoA unica coisa chata &eacute; ter que passar tudo pelo ITtunesRecomendo

I absolutely recommend this phone... Works just fine outside US with a SIM card from any phone carrier. No complains

I'm from the US but live in South Africa. Phones in South Africa are really expensive so I needed an unlocked phone. I was nervous about purchasing an unlocked phone because I heard about all the bad experiences of people who thought they bought unlocked phones only to find out when they leave their country that the phone isn't really unlocked and they basically wasted so much money.So. Thanks Amazon for always being reliable!

Side and rear panel of Iphone 5 very easy to be scratching , chipping. I never seen any phone like that, even cheapest phone on market now. Sorry to spend a 3/4 of thousand dollar to buy this phone. I used  16G Iphone 4, this phone's hardware very good, that why I purchased this Iphone 5. This time I wasted money. Last month I plant to buy Iphone 5S. But I think New Iphone  Wiil be WORSE.

it work how i expected in Venezuela, the Dominican Republic and Europe. I had an iphone 4 before and i basically the same a great phone/computer but faster, bigger, a lot better display and with a few extras.

The seller was very honest and up front about the phone. It was exactly as described. The package did not have earbuds, but the charging cord($19.99) needed replacement. However, that little issue is not enough to downgrade the seller's rating. The phone is awesome, and it has been verified by the Apple Store to be genuine, and I already have it up and it is teaching me the way to use ios 7. That auto update occurred the morning after I activated service. I have three different sim chips and all three work just fine in the unlocked phone. I had to use a chip cutter to make the chips fit, but that was very easy to accomplish. GREAT SELLER!!!

It works in Central America, I assume it will work anywhere else. You get what you pay for. Excellent apple product.

The battery power drastically reduced in less than 2 days of purchase from 8-10 hours down to 4-5 hours and I don't like that

The new form factor of the iPhone 5 is perfect. That's the most significant difference. If you have an iPhone 4s or even an iPhone 4, I don't think you really need the new model. I had an iPhone 4 16gb and decided to upgrade because my home button was failing and the battery was starting to die.I had two android phones before and I think the iOS experience is much better. Cleaner interface, better apps and much less bugs and crashes.
