
It is great . It has everything I need in a smart phone . I watch science stuff on youtube all the time .

the phone is slow...so slow I have to restart it often,,,tried updates and even had verizon to trouble shoot..something is wrong with the processor because it is sooooo slow

This phone showed up broke charging port.fact I tried to get a replacement .fact.this is a lot of money to me .fact. if I ever get my mony back I will reright this revue. fact still have not received my money that have received there defective phone .and amazon is doing nothing .

Phone wasn't unlocked as i asked before i purchased and wouldn't take it back for full price that I paid...

arrived quickly and exactly as described

The seller is a fraud. The phone is not able to be connected to the Verizon network; I tried two different Verizon Wireless stores and both stores informed me that the phone I purchased from the seller was not compatible with the Verizon network. Also, the actual phone does not have the Verizon symbol on the front of the phone like the picture shows. The Verizon Wireless service representative said the Verizon symbol also helped identify whether the phone can be hooked up to Verizon's network. I challenge the seller to prove me wrong.

The seller did everything as promised. Shipping was early and no hassle. The phone worked but not that great. Seemed it was one that slipped between the cracks. But I will give the seller 5 stars.The phone about 1 star.Customer service was awesome.

I love it!  It took a little time to set up but works wonderfully. After trying Brand X, I love the Droid.

No Contract phone allowed upgrade to 4G-LTE with my grandfathered unlimited data plan. I use the USB tether to my laptop to have Internet access where there is Verizon coverage.  Extended battery life of the Razr Maxx is great for my application.

Alright I know I've had it for about a year now but in that time I had to replace it twice.  The first time back in July I got a blue screen of death that I've only seen on a computer.  Now my replacement (which I got with it being insured) is going wonky.  I can't charge it and when I do manage to charge it via my car charger the charge doesn't last.

The cellular service and gps just quit working after 15 months.  I spent three days with customer service trying to get it to function but nothing worked.  We put in a new SIM card. We even did a factory reset, but all that did was wipe out everything on the phone.  At least before that it was a very expensive mini-tablet because the wi-fi still functioned.  I liked the long battery life while that worked too.  The battery started needing charging two to three times more often right before it failed. Service was intermittent for several weeks before it failed completely.  I took great care with this phone; it was never abused and never suffered any trauma.  It just died.  The tech said, "you have a dead phone there."  Silly me, I expected the phone to last at least as long as the two year service contract with Verizon.

Has never worked right, does NOT have a MAXX battery, needs to be powered on and off ALL THE time to get it to work

This was a replacement phone for a Razr Maxx with cracked glass. I was not eligible for an upgrade thru Verizon and was happy to find my same phone so I did not have to learn to use a new brand or model. The refurbished phone works perfectly, was delivered in the condition as advertised, the Verizon corporate store assisted me with activation and restoring my back upped contacts and content. I paid $10 extra for expedited shipment which was a waste of $$, it still took a week.

The razr maxx I bought from the seller Pro Mobility was described as new. The phone I received definitely was not. It had two videos in the media folder from a month prior to me purchasing it of someone counting to five in a test recording. While the phone was initially operating ok it is still being returned because I did not want a refurbished/used phone. I can't trust that it would continue working properly if they are already shady enough to lie about its condition in the first place. I'm not dealing with Pro Mobility again.

I have one of these and I love it. So I bought this one for her birthday, but she thought that it was too big so I had to return it.

I had my first phone of this type when I started with Verizon in July 2013 but it met an untimely death. This phone was great, absolutely no problems but that was all to change. I have since had two phone of the same type, one factory refurbished and one brand new. (according to the build date it was made on Feb 1st, 2013)This new phone freezes and the touch screen won't always respond etc. Called Verizon and we just get one replacement phone after another. Called Motorola and they want me to send it in and be without a phone for over a week. If I sat around and was living with mommy and daddy, this wouldn't be an issue. I am 38 and work two jobs and go to school, so not doable. Motorola also asked if I had an 'old phone I could use' as if I use $100 bills as note pads. Needless to say, useless phone.

But it doesn't appear to come with a SIM card.

Phone would not make calls when that is the main thing that a phone is required to do. Spent hours trying to get it to work

I bought this product, and actually had to return it.  NOT because something was wrong with it, but because I was able to get a replacement for free.  With that said, the seller was awesome - great communications.  Fast shipping.  The looked bran new when it came.  Will use in the future if I need another phone.

It is what was expected. It's OK

So Far the phone works great.  Getting use to how to get around the apps but love the phone.  Would recommend the phone

BATTERY NEVER HELD CHARGE FROM DAY ONE, THIS CLEARLY A KNOCK OFF OF THE REAL THING. RETURNED, BUT HAVE HEAR NOTHING. RIPPED OFF!!!!!!!!

Does everything I need it to. The battery life is definitely a force to be reconed with! Deserves 5 stars.

the phone was absolutely ok, the only problem was the charger, it worked only for 2 minutes. very happy with the deal however.

The earphone jack does not work.  What a pain.  deactivate the new phone, reactivate the old phone. clear any personal info off the new phone in case it cannot be truly refurbished.... Pack the new one that does not work up, go to the post office, send it by traceable means and wait.  I have friends who have purchased refurbished items on Amazon and have had no problem.  This experience has been very unpleasant.  I hope the seller fixes his phone or sends us another one that works in a timely manner.

Love this phone! Super fast and there is nothing it cannot do!! Great buy, and the best part....NO CONTRACT!! yay!

This is in fact the Droid Razr, not the Droid Razr Maxx. Both of the phones have the same model number, but the batteries and the backs are different. The Droid Razr that I received has the sloped back and the smaller 1780 mAh battery, not the flat back and the 3300 mAh battery that the Droid Razr Maxx has. Asking for a refund now.

Phone did not work. When I tried to activate the new phone I was told that the sim card reader didn't work.

I got the phone for a reasonable price and I'm using it now as i type but they need to change the shipping dates cause it says between Aug 1-16 and i got it today that's great on the shipping .........

there were any doubts.This is a great phone If I would quit breaking them during my battles to save the world.

Horrible company. I bought a droid razr brand new from them and it kept freezing and shutting off so I had a new one sent to me. It took almost more than a week for me to receive my new one. I opened it right out of the package and it wouldn't even charge. So now I have to receive a refund. Such a rip off. Do not buy from them.

The product was recommended to me by my son. He has one and loves it. Thanks to his input I love mine also.

The conflict was resolved very professionally and urgently after receiving the defective unit back for a swap.I recommend because not everytime the product may be as expected, but this seller communicated and responded promptly, no questions asked!

I will admit I was REALLY nervous about buying this phone knowing it was used. I've had it now for almost a month and I couldn't be happier. With that being said I will say there was a few cons. When I first tried to turn it on, nothing happened. I was starting to panic, so I Googled what the issue may be and all it took was a reboot of the phone. Since then I have not had to reboot, and it has functioned just fine. The only other downside to the phone was the charger. It did not work, and it was actually meant for a Samsung Galaxy phone. I tried it on two other phones, and it will not charge anything. I ended up using the charger for my old Android. All in all I LOVE my new phone! Thank you Amazon for not screwing me over! (Oh, and FYI sellers, remember to clear your phones before selling them. I discovered photos of a man who I assume is the seller and his children. Thankfully there were no nude or disturbing photos!! :P )

I cannot stress enough about the battery. It lasts a looooong time. I love the phone. It is fast enough for me, very easy to use and I don't have to charge it ever during the day. I use it a lot also. Just great. My next phone will have to have battery life like this, I am never going back to switching batteries or charging in the middle of the day.

Check my other reviews, I'm usually pretty positive. This phone, or maybe it's the software, is the most frustrating piece of electronics I've ever owned. I've had it for 18 months and I'm counting the days until I can upgrade (6 more long months). It hangs/delays EVERY SINGLE TIME I try to do anything on it. It takes 10-20-30 seconds to open a web page, it takes 10-20-30 seconds to click thru stories on the USA Today app, it takes 10 or 20 or 30 seconds to start dialing when I try to call out (I use google voice for all calls and texts from the phone), it takes 10 or 20 or 30 seconds to open an email. Surely the phone can't be this bad given all the decent reviews, so maybe it's the software. But I have relatively few apps installed on this phone, almost zero games, I don't let my kids play on it. Whatever the reason, if I could give it minus 5 stars I would because of the ongoing frustration of using this phone.

Advertised as 16 gig of memory appears to only have 8 gig.  My last droid 2 ran out of battery constantly, but this battery has not run out yet (I charge it nightly).  Really bright and nice display.  I am still adapting to virtual keyboard after using hard keyboard on previous droids, and find it a bit frustrating/slow.  The swipe and voice dictate features are helpful for typing though.

Phone does what it says  it should do. JUST FYI "  SD CARD IS NOT INCLUDED!!!"  Basic book is included, Manual  can be downloaded no big deal

Phone looked great, had not trouble activating it.  I was up and running with the phone in only a few minutes.

The phone had serious issues but I'll let ya know how it works out when I get it back from Motorola repair.

I just received this phone in the mail today.  I in fact got the Droid Razr, not the Droid Razr Maxx.  Be very careful with this as both of the phones apparently have the same model number, but the names are different.  The Droid Razr that I received doesn't have the 3300 mAh that the Droid Razr Maxx has.  Asking the seller for a refund now.

Received the phone as described, new.  Took it to Verizon and my husband switched his phone over with no problem.  This was his first smart phone and he had always liked the Motorola name and I didn't want to spend a fortune since we were buying the phone and not waiting for the end of the two year contract.  When he tried making a call you couldn't hear him and when his voice did come through it broke up, you could hear him if he held it in front of his mouth on speaker phone and that was about it.  Went back the next day and the guy brushed out the mouth piece in case of any dust and it actually worked great after that, for about a whole 6 hours.  Lots of glitches, always dropped the call and wouldn't stay connected to the network.  We no longer have our land line and we don't have time for a phone that won't work so the phone went back after only 2 days.

My wife has had this phone for several years, at the beginning using the apps was super fast and the battery could easily go for two maybe three days.  Then for the last several months it started to last only for 10 hours, using apps would be sluggish, and the phone would overheat.Verizon looked at it and replaced it with a referb phone, it too had the same issues.Thinking that if I could have a phone like it I could reconfigure it to work like it use to, then I could also fix my wifes.  My mistake, after buying this phone for myself and spending two weeks with it I've decided it is a lost cause.  looking on the web I've found several post indicating that it's last upgrade to Android 4.1.2 is a likely cause and the system developers have thrown in the towel in trying to resolve the issues.I guess if I could have rooted the phone and revert it to an  earlier Android version then it may be OK.  But I had to stop and just bought both of us a Moto X no contract.

This phone was not as advertised. Never worked correctly, and although I filed a claim it was denied. Was not new, was refurbished.

kids love this phone.would order again from seller. I had already reviewed this item so I am wondering why I am being asked to review it again? My kids say it is the best phone ever and it has the best battery. I have teenagers so really glad they are happy with the phone as they will be keeping it for some time before I every consider switching it. I really don't think there is any other phone they would want anyway.

I've only had it 2 days and the battery will not charge at all! I can't turn on the phone even though it's been charging it for 12 hrs!

I was a cellular phone technician for 4 years, and this is my favorite phone.  I love the extremely long battery life.  The response is always snappy, and the functions this has are superior to my Samsung Fascinate (Galaxy SCHI500).  I have a low profile gas tank mount for this phone to use on my motorcycle.  The battery is RARELY below 60%, and that's if I leave it off the charger for more than 24 hours.  To maximize the battery life, I use the "smart actions".. while I'm at work, my phone doesn't use Bluetooth, WiFi, ring or vibrate (I could actually put it in "airplane mode", but I want to see the missed calls).  The phone has never needed a case, or screen protector, it does however need to be wiped constantly, or my screen "unlock pattern" is easily visible from previous uses.  The volume is very good, the Bluetooth pairs easily, and the phone itself is awesome.  Once in a while I've had it randomly power down, then back up.  I've never had a smart phone that DOESN'T do that, so I guess I'm used to it.  At least it's never done it while I'm in a phone call.  The only odd part, is that I can't remove the battery to "reset" the phone.  I did root my phone, but I still have the stock ROM on it.  I just use "driodwall" to keep pesky programs from "phoning home" and sending information over 3G or 4G when I don't know about it.  That also eliminates almost all the ads on stuff.

We have had trouble with device turning off and the camera is awful. The overall look of the phone is ok. My husband has troubke wir h it since day one.

Bought this for my wife to replace one she ruined in water. She loves it the big screen and ease of use.

When I took the device to the local Verizon store they could not activate the phone. Took a chance and bought a used device on line. Will not do that again.

Knowing that I had to return this item due to it malfunctioning - just wasn't working right. You'd think they process returns a litter faster and communicate with there customers a little better!Completely unsatisfied!!

Product is awesome and shipped super fast

This phone has incredible battery life and is an Android phone at an unbeatable price. I will not try to go over every feature, other reviewers already have, but I will simply reinforce the facts that it is an easy to use phone, with all the Android features, constructed by Motorola. I would recommend this phone to anyone I know.

I did not purchase this off Amazon in any form. I got it directly through Verizon, brand new, when it was released. Everything seemed fine when I first got it - gorgeous screen, fast, one of the best batteries, etc...Until about 6 months in. It's like this phone hit a wall. It became extremely slow, there was a ton of lag, inability to run multiple applications at once, overheating, dropped calls, battery started to lose life, and yea. It never got better from there. It just got worse, and worse, and worse. I'm not closing in on my two year contract and I can guarantee I will never purchase another Motorola product again. I did everything I could to fix this phone - task killers, clearing cache, uninstalling unused apps, factory resets, etc...but it would always turn to crap on me. It's so bad now that it takes me 10 minutes to get to my contacts list to make a phone call. Forget trying to play any games. Lest me not forget the s*** camera and inability to run Google Navigation/Maps.This phone has everything I need, but it's all moot once it started to become extremely slow. I think the phone has a memory bottleneck that causes it to be overwhelmed and start to overheat.I guarantee you, if you buy this phone, you will regret it. It may seem fine in the first 6 months or so, but it becomes useless after so. I know I'm not the only one to experience this. Next phone I get will be a Windows Phone.

I bought this as a replacement for my original Razr (that's the one with the battery that lasts about 1 1/2 hours). This one has great battery life and I believe it operates better than my old one.

Broke the screen on my brand new Maxx and bought this one so I wouldnt be without a phone. Probably should have passed on buying it. I am heavy on programs and the older model just isnt up to speed with the newer one, It kept locking up... Just going to do without till my other one gets fixed... Nothing wrong with phone it is just an older model and didnt suit my needs....

The phone I got was terribly slow and had two small cracks in it but it works and that's what matters

If I could give this phone and the seller zero stars, I would. I almost never write reviews unless I am really impressed by a product&#8230;but this is beyond horrible. Immediately out of the box, the processor lagged, skipped, and sometimes completely failed. Apps will close multiple times during use and others will randomly open. This phone has already self-called numerous people. I have had the phone for 48 hours and am ready to back over it with my Jeep. As of 15 minutes ago, the keyboard went completely haywire and will type nothing but gibberish.When your husband has been deployed for 10 months and your only communication with him is via Facebook messenger, and you can't be near a laptop at all times, having a keyboard that doesn't function is completely unacceptable. Well&#8230;it's unacceptable in any situation, but this has left me highly regretting my decision to purchase a phone from anybody other than the retailer (husband dropped and cracked his overseas - I purchased this phone so I could send him my other one). Lesson learned. Save your money and your time. This phone is listed as &#34;new&#34;. It arrived with blemishes on the back, and the way it operates there is no way that this is a new phone. I have already printed out my return label.
