
I just love my phone, I needed a bigger phone that I could see without straining my eyes and this phone is great. I got my husband one as well and he loves it. My mother saw mines and has ordered herself one. Great product.

The phone is great and beautiful;  however, you must purchase a SIM card before you can use, and it will only work with AT&T SIM card.  I have Straight Talk.  Luckily, i have AT&T in the area the phone is most used.  It took a little over a month to get the phone because it came regular postage from Hong Kong.

I got mine about a week ago and I love it. It has its glitches like any other phone that is bought outside of a carrier. i found that there is accesories for it but not many. You have to search either padphone or padfone to find the right ones. $200 for this one compared to $800 for a galaxy note, the $600 savings is worth the little glitches. I hope yall enjoy it as much as Im enjoying mine.

The phone I got is a piece of crap I hate when I have to use a torrington number for this phone every time I am on the phone it hangs up by it self

The phone is a pretty good phone but it came with a brocken speakerYeah its a pretty good phone but the case broke fast

iLOVEEEEEEEE EEVERYTHING ABOUT MYYYYY NEW PHONE ITS AMAZINGLY BIG LYK A TABLET AND I JUST REALY LOVE IT ..! :)

Bought this for someone outta the country and he is in love with this device, I thought it was rather big but he loves it. It works perfect.

USB cable too short. Big display but picture not very sharp. Very hard to close the cover. But the main problem was with the external SD card. It was recognized by the phone but even I went to the settings and configured the default writing to storage to be that 16 GB class 10 SD card, everything went to the internal storage of 4 GB, which was filled up quickly. Then I received the message: &#34;out of storage&#34;. I tried 3 different SD cards with the same results. So I had to return it. BEWARE!!

I love my big screen phone the colors are great it's everything I wanted in a phone the games are great in HD colors

thank you IM so happy with this phone every where i go it just turns heads da size of it just makes me feel the money i spent on it was worth it every penny IM a happy customer i will be getting another from you guys for my wife.  who ever is looming to buy one do it you wont regret it i can't put mines down and it was q fast delivery less den a week to get it.  thank you again!

Let's face it - when you buy an off-brand product like this, you expect some general glitchiness and a learning curve. Luckily, I was late to the party when it came to tablet-phones so most of the learning curve (how to fix the strange black-screen issue when answering phone-calls, for example) had already been troubleshot by the internet, so a quick google search fixed that little problem. If only the rest could be so easily remedied.Unfortunately, I didn't get much use out of this phone before I was forced to return it. Here's a quick breakdown of everything you can expect to find wrong with your phone, before I explain why I ended up returning mine after less than 24 hours:- Nowhere in the manual or on the internet can you find the basic instructions on HOW TO OPEN THE BACK OF YOUR PHONE.- This product was described as brand new, but the screen cover it came with had particles and FINGERPRINTS under it. Also, the silver paint/coating on the 'speaker' near the top of the chassis had a worn edge that showed black where the silver had been either buffed or scraped away. The phone was internally clean, but those two issues told me I shouldn't have been so surprised to find as many things wrong with the phone as I did - this was NOT brand new. And if it was, that implies all sorts of things doesn't it?- Rebooting the phone doesn't reboot it. It just turns the phone off, and then you have to hit the power button several times before it will respond and turn itself back on. That's worrisome. Also the power button is THE one and only way to wake the phone up from sleep mode. No other buttons, including the home button, will do that. If the power button is already semi-unresponsive, being the only way to turn on the screen, that's alarming re: long-term use.- The mini usb cable has to be forced into the charger slot. As in, it will not fit, and you will have to work it back and forth and WEDGE it in, which is terrifying since from what I could tell from eyeballing the hardware is it wouldn't take much to break that little charge-port, seeing how it's attached to the innards of your phone. As there's no gentle way to ease that in, I was immediately concerned that it was just a matter of time before the inevitable happened and the port either came loose and would not hold a charge, or worse. Not a good feeling for a piece of expensive equipment right out of the box.- Also, a mini-usb to usb cable doesn't work for sync'ing this phone with your PC. The cable provided in the box will work, but your own will not. This was baffling for me, since it's a problem I have NEVER run into before. I tried multiple different cables, and the one provided with the phone is the ONLY one that the phone would recognize as being anything more than 'charging battery' when connected to 4 separate computers. Beats me! Expect, also, to have to hunt down the drivers to get your computer to recognize this device so you can sync it. Windows 7, in particular, doesn't want to admit that it even exists until you do all the legwork yourself, so in order to get plug-n-play capability, expect to do all the groundwork before-hand. (No, the manual says nothing at all about this. You'll have to search for the drivers yourself and hope its the right ones, and that you can find a reputable place to download it from.)- The headphone jack will not accept normal headphones. The one provided for you is much longer than standard headphones, which is not only bizarre, but worrisome.- GPS will not recognize. Out in the open, no roof overhead, in the middle of a bustling city with a clear view of the sky, and it couldn't 'locate' me. Bluetooth also refused to recognize. I tried both T-Mobile and AT&T; sim cards, with no luck on either. My other phone immediately found GPS with no problem, bluetooth also, with both those sim cards. Interesting, isn't it? By this point, however, I was too disillusioned with the phone to try and research a way around that to 'fix' it. In my most humble of opinion, if you're spending just shy of 200 bucks on a product, you shouldn't have to waste hours of your own time 'fixing' the stuff thats wrong when that product arrives, brand new, fresh out of the box. It should work as described.- Vibration might as well not have worked. It barely vibrated at all. I placed it on a hard surface and called my phone from another line, and it barely buzzed loudly enough for me to hear it all of 5 feet away. Since this thing is way too large to carry around in your pocket, a super-quiet vibe that can be 'felt' more than 'heard' is NOT a selling point as it might be with a smaller device.All of those problems were troublesome enough without ALSO finding issues with the screen, but the main reason I ended up returning this phone was issues with the display itself. I inserted the battery, turned it on, and immediately noticed a small snow-flurry of broken red pixels across the display, and a very noticeable yellowish/orangeish overcast to everything. (This includes the loading 'splash' screen with the android robot.)The screen wouldn't recognize lighter shades of grey either. I initially thought this might have been a calibration problem, but after checking all the settings and hard resetting the phone, the problem persisted. Keep in mind this was before I ever downloaded anything onto the phone. Right out of the box, it was doing that. Bummer.I don't know if I just got a lemon, or if this is the manufacturing standard, but I'm glad I purchased mine through amazon prime. Makes returning this much easier than some of the reviews I've seen where you're dealing directly with an out-of-country seller. Hopefully the return will go smoothly and I can turn my sights elsewhere to find a good tab-phone of a different brand than this one.

Great phone is fast and easy to use and i recomand it 2 other peopLe the letters are big and u dont have 2 struggle 2 see aything

Wouldn't work with Wifi

Seriously???? What is going on? I have been researching padfones phablets you name it, and I am solo confused. Reviews are either amazing or crap? Can somebody a REAL user of these phones pllleeeeaaassse tell me the truth dose the dame ohone work or not does the 3G work that's what I am most concerned about. I will flip out if I buy a phone from china ( who I totally hate due to them ruining our country and all. Due to there crap merchandise they sell at dirt cheap to us and caused all our good bussnisses to shut down) anyway seriously YES  or NO.

I received this phone, and after opening i found the SD card slot door was hinging in just one leg. It didn,t recognize the sd card i put in. It was very difficult to close the unit, and when pressing the corners, the the screen cracked. Must be made of the cheapest plastic. At that moment, put the unit back in the box.  I should have waited and saved for a Galaxy Note. Back it goes.

I really love this phone. But can anyone help me? I'm trying to find a headset/phone case for this phone.

The phone arrived in a timely manner. It is a nice phone. The only thing I was upset about was The top of the screen cracked as I was trying to snap the back cover on. A few of the little prongs inside of the case broke off causing it not to be properly secure.

Great  phone, having a good time learning  about its features . Just as. ice as its Samsung counterpart.Very happy with my purchase.:-) :-) :-)

Although it takes a complete month to get here, it was well worth the wait! I loved my phone. Loved because it fell on the ground & broke completely! I can take a few bumps but this phone (as with any phone) needs major protecting! I loved the phone so much I cried when it fell. It has cool features and my battery lasted a very long time (a day and a half). You should get the app killer as w/any smartphone. The seller was very nice about sending me another battery when they sent me a battery that wouldn't charge. The only thing about this phone that I didn't like is the camera. The quality wasn't that great. Overall, I recommend this phone to anyone who wants an unlocked smartphone. You can't beat the price nor all the advantages you get with it. It's really worth it. I used Net10 with this cell phone and my reception was awesome! I highly recommend it.

if i could get the phone  i could say more..... they say they will get it shiping on a certain day, so i check and nope!!!! taking their sweet time

i order this this phone for my wife an a orange one for my self i placed the order on the 5th of feb and it was shiped on the 6th and its the 27th and still havent received the phone....

I need a car charger for it and a case other than that it is wonderful. I am ordering this today.I cannot receive picture what so I need to do?

This item is as advertized. Works without a hitch out or the box.  I like the size as it makes reading quite easy when surfing the web

This phone had a big crack when I opened it up and each time I contact amazon they say its nothing they can do.. I will never purchase anything from this damn site again.  and the phone moves slower then my grandma.. I reccomend no one else to buy this device.

the product was deliver the same way I saw it on amazon. it was brought to my door.I will recommend it to any one. lots of my friends are asking me now.

after i reset the phone the 3g went away and my micro sd slot came off but i still love the phone what to do?

the iteam break and i try to get an refun but did not get any reply and it's not an  andriod  smartphoneand i would not recomend it to no one

The product is what it is. The phone itself is pretty powerful, battery life is great, downloads are fast. It did have a problem where the screen flashing and or would go blank when making calls. However, after I contacted the manufacturer, they responded within 24 hours: left voice mail as well. Pretty good with solution and response.

I bought this for my girlfriend and she is very pleased with it  , she is still learning how to work it ,If she is happy I am happy

The 6 inch display is good, but easily scratched and no screen protector was supplied or easily available & no decent phone wallets are easily available.The dual Simm is useful.Installing Apps stopped working after a few weeks. The seller told me others are having the same problem and that I should do a  factory reset which will delete all the apps already downloaded, etc.

after a 2 months the charger plug don't work. the headphone aux wont accept regular jacks so don't break your headphone

I have had nothing but issues with this phone. It restarts all the time even if I am in the middle of a phone conversation. I can't say it is a good phone because it is always freezing and rebooting which makes me have to re-install everything including my contacts. I don't like this phone very much and I am starting regret buying it. Even as I am writing this review, my phone has rebooted itself at least 15 times and won't stay on. I have to say I am very disappointed with this product.

The phone is horrible. I would not reccommend this phone to anyone. It is not enabled with internet. You have to be in a wifi spot to get on the internet. It is a waste of time and money. All it will do is make phone calls and text thats it. cant do emails or youtube or anything that you would want to do with a phone DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE

All I gotta say is wow this phone is amazing, very good phone compared to my samsung galaxy s2, and this thing is huge and I mean huge you will not be unsatisfied very great phone I'm serious, I'm using it as we speak for this review I've been on it all day and cannot put it down ha

is very good, but the only thing is that the flash is not very good quality and apart in the box said to bring a protector and not brought it, it is very difficult to get here in Venezuela

Piece of crap. Didn't get any good service to use apps with any prepaid networks. my screen cracked and can't find where to buy screens for the stupid thing.

This is an OK phone. The only issue now, is trying to finda case! I cant find one anywhere. The one that was suggestedfor this phone ended up NOT being the same size. Please HELP!

This is s very nice phone. Takes great pics. Everything I wanted in a phone except for the ear bud jack. It's way too long and u can't use a different set of headphones or even hook it up to a speaker. There is no adapter that can be purchased for this. It also doesn't have a very good case to protect the phone so I'm always afraid I will drop it...

the phone came within 2 weeks , Was in a new box nothing was open . I love it but recently dropped my phone and shattered the glass and no one will replace it cause of bring a knock off so if you don't ever drop this phone you will love it ,

The main reason I purchased this phone is because I fell in love with the screen. The resolution on the screen is not that well though. Internet-wise, he phone is painfully slow! I would have to place my SIM card into my old phone just to use it as a wifi hotspot my my iPad. It works pretty good while connected to wifi.The camera, is absolutely horrible! I love taking pictures wherever I go, and this phone is not the type of phone where you can take clear pictures on in the spur of the moment. I don't regret buying the phone but it doesn't fit my lifestyle. I need a phone what has fast Internet, a great camera front and back, and a big screen. When I find a phone equivalent to that, I'll pass this one on to my fifteen year old niece.

we bought a bring your own phone kit from walmart $65 ,,and got the sim in phone ,had to set my settings wifi straighttalk but its as easy as getting online and going to straighttalk follow the bring your own phone ,,,for a camera it takes very high quality photos

The phone looks amazing. I just got and I'm hoping it will last. I have horrible signal with t mobile on  this phone, my other phones work well with the 3g signal but this one is really bad and it gives me an E signal. Not sure what it means. Is there a way I can make this signal better and do you guys think it is from the phone or the service provider?

I love my phone. It is a real phablet, and does everything I want and more. I couldn't be happier.

I was EXTREMELY please with the seller and the phone.  If you like me replace smaller phone once a month.  With the smaller phones, I either leave it somewhere and cant find it or drop it.  This is 6' inch phone is the  perfect solution paired with a bluetooth.  It is  large enough that you will not leave it behind.  GREAT COMBINATION BETWEEN A CELL PHONE AND THE LAPTOP!!!

Currently waiting on this phone to arrive but does anyone know where i can find a case for this phone?

Even though it took over a month to receive it. It was worth the wait. I dropped it first time receiving it but very minor damage. I love the phone. The screens huge! Better than purchasing a Samsung note 3 at almost 850 dollars.

IT HAS BEEN A MONTH THAT I PLACED THIS ORDER, BUT I HAVE NOT RECEIVED MY PHONE OR ANY TRACKING NUMBER.

It's a ok phone just 3g but it cleared out my memory card I had for years I was pist

the only thing good about it is the size...the thing didn't work. I was so disappointed, I thought it was good, it was on Amazon!

My first smart phone. not disappointed. surprisingly rugged. with all the productivity apps, I could not do without it now. not easy to carry around- it's pretty large but it's what I wanted. Needs more accessories like a real case and a ear plug adapter.

I was concerned about how well it would work but surprise surprise it works very well! The only setback is that 32gb msd won't work very well!

I chose this phone because of the size, color and being an Android phone.  I got the phone and at first, I was very excited.  Then started using it and became very disappointed.  Only has 4GB of memory and used that up immediately because I transferred all my profiles to this phone.  Had to start putting downloads on my sd card (which filled up also),  I had a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 and loved it, but wanted a bigger screen so thought I would try this.  Going back to my Note 2.  This phone is slower than a turtle.  I'm waiting for the phone to catch up with me when I exit an app and go back to the home page.  I have run out of space on this phone and need to go from a 8GB sd card to a 16GB card.  I could go on and on, but it's better to say  &#34;THIS IS NOT A SAMSUNG PHONE&#34;Love the size and that is it.

very satisfied, graphics could be a little better but u get what you pay for. overall I'm impressed with the phone. Has anyone found a good case for this phone.

This phone started off good, I really enjoyed it for about 2 weeks then the battery couldnt hold a charge anymore! So I switched the battery out because my phone came with two, and two weeks after that... the battery stop holding a charge.. I'm really mad about this because I use this phone for work and I paid enough money to at least get a working phone, this is bull!

The touch sensitivity is not goodIt gets frozen not so infrequentlyThe color / contrast is not very good. One of the app (connect 5) that worked in a tablet shows blank background in this phone.

This need not to be sold to any one else the resolution on the screen is terrible.  The ringing volume sucks. The aux jack is normally a 3.5mm but this phone aux is bigger. There is no real specifications for this phone. When u ask the people who selling the phone a question abt the thing they never know nothing. Also cases are really limited. The side menu.  Home. And back key dont light up the phone really a piece of crap. Thats why the day I recieved it. It was on its was to where it came from. The also spazzes out alot discoloration.

Overall I like the phone because it is big and fit perfectly in my big hand. I like the audio part of, clear picture. Data connection is a kind of low but that could have something to do with the carrier. For middle-class citizens like me, it is a great phone. will recoomend it to friends and family.

I was so happy when my phone came today!!!! I was expecting it to arrive in about 28 days , but it was here just under 2 weeks.!!! Im in the middle of getting it activiated, so I will let you know how it turns out. I wanted orange, and got orange. I am very pleased. Loving my new phone.!!!!!It is so huge.! love it love it love it...

It is really six inches I first I didnt think so only thing I wish it was on 4g speedsother than that its perfect

even do its a little to big , I  love it you can read, watch movies , type with perfection because you have the lletters just the perfect zise , pictures are so clear , its a product that you are going to love !!!

no tiene competencia es el mejor de los celulares androide que e visto lo recomiendo con los ojor cerredos que viva la tecnologia rata

The first week of having my 6" screen phone was fun,friends & faimly said it was a flatscreen. Three weeks later is when it started, on answering or making calls it whould go black as if i had it to my ear,Then a week later the screen whould not respond to the touch. So i give this DROID a bad,real bad review...."DO NOT BUY WITH OUT A WARRENTY"

The network or WiFi card is junk. Can't play  Netflixs and  GPS is junk. The only thing nice is the screen size.

The phone will not get 3g. I have had the phone about 3 months. I have went to 3 different companies, and its not the companies its the phone.  It will not get 3g!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

if u buy this phone u will hit it..everything about it sucks,..n if u return it they will not refund your money..do not buy it..it big n stupid..camera sucks and memiors sucks everything sucks...headphone sucks also do not buy it

This phone is awesome. The back camera works great with and without the flash. The front not so much. Havent had any problems except the headphones. I just want to know what kind of headphones can I get with this phone. The ones that came with didn't last very long.
