
Bad Phone. I have had 7 of these phones though they are only for 4 lines.  3 have been replaced and 2 of those three were replaced again under warranty and they are horrible.Only one of them has survived beyond the 1 year mark without issue (though it did have some battery drain problems).Phone 1, had ear speaker issue, replaced under warranty within 6 months, replacement phone 1A has a charging issue, new battery doesn't even charge well.Phone 2 had screen issues, backlight would come on but screen would be blank. Phone was out of warranty so they didn't replace it, finally I took the battery out and gently pinched the flat screen surface to the back side of the screen case with the slide out open, this reseated the tiny internal connector without opening the device.  This phone still has coverage issues and resets itself often, also it has a battery issue.Phone 3 stopped charging within 9 months, it was replaced in warranty but Verizon failed and sent the prepaid version 3A, this phone was returned and it was replaced with the correct model 3B, and this warranty replacement phone turns itself off sometimes when the slide out is opened and closed. It also fails to text often indicating a radio issue.Phone 4 is the anomaly, it works just fine but has had battery drain issues when in poor signal areas.With the lack of Amazon reviews and the amount of people that also have told us they have issues with their Extravert, I felt it necessary to write an honest review of my experience.

this is my second phone like this one, I bought the original from the actual Verizon store and loved it! My contract wasn't up and the original phone was broken, called Verizon and to replace it I would have had to pay $180. Found this one brand new in the package at a steal of a price! Very pleased with this purchase! The only difference between my original phone and this one was instead of all metal around th frame of it, it was plastic. No biggie! Thanks for the great phone! Worked great with my contract phone, simple phone call got it set up and ready to use!

This phone was a gift for my mother and she loves it. It came write right when it said it would. So happy

Worst thing every don't but it. ScamWe bought it and it got activated to the persons number because they didn't clear it

Works great, no problems with this phone. It was purchased as a gift for my aunt, and she was happy to have it for her needs. If you're looking for a smartphone with smartphone capabilities, then this one might not be for you. Otherwise, this should do.

It Got Here Really Fast & Works Perfect.  It Looks New. I Got It From AppleWireless.  Just Perfect.

I received them in five days and the phones were packaged in boxes, no manual, and the Battery life seems short, needed to be charge every two day.  (I&#8217;m not the phone person, I only used the phone when it&#8217;s emergency).

It came quickly, was brand new as advertised and connected very easily to Verizon.  It's an exact duplicate of the phone I lost, which was hard to find here at retail.  The price was right too.  Very happy with it.

happy with the phone although it does give me trouble sometimes.  me or the phone, operator error, who knows. ok

Pros:-Phone looks great and feels solid in the hand.-The slide of the keyboard feels quality as well.-The battery life is great.  Almost incredibly great. (I don't have to charge it for a week sometimes depending on usage)-Has virtual keypad to text one-handed.Cons:-MP3 playback is non-intuitive if you ask me.-Camera is not that great.Overall seems like a quality phone, there are some things to get used to.  Also don't expect a smart phone, this phone is what it claims to be though.

I bought this phone to replace the extravert that I had that was damaged. The camera quality is not as good as the one I previously had and it has lines going across pictures that I take. It gets the job done, but I was expecting the quality that I had in my previous extravert

Over all, it is a very good, basic cell phone.  Didn't give it five stars because the battery life seems short and I find the keyboard a little too small for texting.

I bought the phone for my mother her two year contract was over she wanted a new phone without having to sing a new contract I found this one but when I received the phone it was on a pre paid labeled packing I tried to activate it online but it did not work so I contacted the seller and they replied fast and assured it was unlocked and that I should be able to activate it so I called Verizon and they were able to activate the phone even though it said it was a pretty paid phone. I liked the timely support from the seller so it all worked out.

LG Extravert VN271 Verizon Cell Phone works as advertised. Daughters last phone same model quit working so got her this same one as she likes it and was not going to a smart phone.

Needed a replacement for my daughters cell phone and didn't want to be ripped off by Verizon yet again. Found this seller and decided to take a chance on a refurbished phone.  The phone arrived quickly and was in great shape. I was able to get it activated with Verizon over the phone with very little effort. Time will tell if the phone has any issues but there are none so far.UPDATE: The phone I bought was from "Pageplus 123"  My phone was NOT purchased from Ross Cellular which is the supplier listed for this review. I have no idea why Amazon routed my review to this seller. I only make this update to show that other good and bad reviews on this sellers list my be for other sellers as I just discovered.

It is a phone not a typewriter and is a great one. The complaints of texting and refurbished are unfair. As I said it is a phone and good one. These folks need a rubberized 17 inch pc as in police cars, not a small phone for kids and large handed all day clickers. There are also rubber cases and inexpensive backup batteries at Amazon. When you buy anything refurbished you take your chances. I never have dropped calls even in remote areas (Wyoming, Montana), no charge problems (2 years owner), and if handled with due care will do really well as it is intended.

I,m not fully satisfied with it . When it's working well it's great, but often I have to repeat a function a few  times before it works. Can I return it?

I bought the phone refurbished and it looks brand new. It replaced my wife's old work phone that was call/text only. I was able to activate it on Verizon call/text(only) plan using their website. The phone ran one update and functioning as you would expect a basic phone to function. Did notice the speaker phone worked exceptionally well. In-call volume was also good. The touch screen worked good and required a little more presser than the new smart phones but that is to be expected. Overall I gave this product five stars based off the overall look and performance.

It's a pain to use and to navigate. I will be glad when it dies so I can get something else. For now I'm stuck with it.

My son liked this little phone before and it arrived in great condition as a perfect replacement for one that was water damaged. Simple. Compact. Good reception.

this was a replacement phone for one of my daughters and since I have used one of these for almost 2 years now i knew what to expect. works flawelessly.

Gives you the feel of a smart phone without the need for a data package.  Slide out Qwerty texting keyboard is well made and easy to use.

I have not registered,the phone with Verizon yet and had it activated, but the phone wasin good shape as advertised,and I trust it will activate O.K. WHEN I REGISTER ITThanks for you making a good buying experience.......George Layne

Great little basic phone for my 13 year old.  It's easy to use and is nice and compact.  Great value for the money.

It took a little while for Verizon to recognize the registration number so I could get it on my Share Plan. It took about 30 minutes.  My daughter has had no problems texting or calling.  We don't access the internet.

I ordered two of these phones to replace my kids older phones. I ordered them from this seller(JoyCells) because the item description said new and the sellers rating was the highest compared to another seller who offered the same product.These were a little cheaper too. I received them in three days which was as expected. The phones were packaged in boxes that to me seemed generic labeled "LG Mobile Device" and labeled with a sticker that said "NEW". The phone looked new and contained instruction manuals wrapped in plastic. After wasting an hour of my precious time with a screaming toddler fighting for my attention Verizon was unable to activate because these phones had been active on another account previously. I called Amazon and reported my experience. The Amazon Rep that I spoke with was great and most apologetic. Obviously they are going back because they apparently are stolen and usless paperweights.  Rip off. Buyer Beware

While the keyboard is a little small for my finger, the phone works very well. It has excellent battery life, good reception, andgenerally good and useful features.

My daughter wanted a phone that she could easily text with and had a touch screen. This phone is perfect!

no problems, great reception and colorful display. not the prepaid wireless kind. had problems with multiple shippers sending prepaid version of this phone.

This phone has worked out very well. I am very satisfied and would purchase off this site again! Thank you!!!

If the phone was pre-owned I would be shocked. No signs of wear. Works perfectly thus far. Only comment is that the phone itself is a bit &#34;tinny&#34; in the speaker. But PagePlus was a great to buy from.

Does the job reliably.  Nothing fancy which is just what we wanted.  He can text and call.  Thats about it.

It's too small. It takes 3 times as long to send a text because the buttons are so close together that every word winds up being misspelled. With my old LG phone, I could just open it and start texting but, with this POS, I have to go through 5 screens to text somebody. It's even worse if I want to send to multiple contacts!When I'm trying to slide it open, I drop it...I like a flip better.I won't keep this phone very long.I do not like it.

Neat little phone for kid. Small but not too small. Good clarity, my kid really likes the phone couldn't have bought a better basic phone.

My daughter loves the phone. It is very easy to text with it. She also likes the way that it looks. I liked the price. It was very reasonable.

4 stars instead of 5, because we expected it's arrival several days earlier. We got what we wanted at a great price, so thank you very much!

28-Oct: The web description just indicates that it's for a LG Extravert VN271 cell phone.  I thought I was getting a phone that I could immediately activate against my daughter's existing contract with Verizon (to replace the identical phone that had broken).  Instead, what was shipped was a VN271PP (pre-paid) phone (as indicated for the model no. inside the battery compartment).  I tried activating it with Verizon and learned that in order to use it, I was going to need to activate it as a pre-paid phone (with it's own phone number) for $35/month (unlimited voice/text), and after 6 months, I would be allowed to transfer the phone and use it on her existing line.  Since this isn't what I had expected when I ordered the phone, I called Amazon to indicate that what was shipped is not what is advertized on the web description.  Nowhere does the web description indicate that this is a pre-paid phone.  Amazon did a great job and shipped me a return label immediately for a "no-cost" return).  The phone is being shipped back today....I'm going to still see if I can get the "non" pre-paid phone (in case what was shipped by Joycells was done accidentally).01-Nov: Update...After my first rating of 1-star (since the phone shipped didn't match the advertisement), I contacted Amazon and got a return label to ship back the VN271PP phone at no cost, and they annotated my file that if I reordered to get the correct product, they'd expedite the shipping at no additional cost.  Based on my 1-star review, Joycells contacted me to see what could be done to resolve the matter to my satisfaction.  I explained the issue to their representative, Michelle, and she confirmed that she would have the proper phone sent out when I reordered.  I reordered on 31-Oct and then talked with a new Amazon rep. about expediting the product.  They confirmed that instead of receiving the phone in 5-8 days with free shipping, it would be over-nighted for "FREE"!  It arrived today! I got it up and running with my Verizon representative in 5 minutes and (as promised by Joycells) the phone did not require a new 2-year contract with activation.  All's well that ends well!  Daughter is thrilled to have a working phone again!

It isn't fancy, but that also means no data charges here either; its a solid phone for someone that wants to text and it does that well.

the delivery was timely, the packaging was low grade,came in a large mailing envelope, box was crushed.The quality of the phone was poor at best. The phone was refurbished. I an Extravert,but damaged it, so I am familier with the phone, the phone was poor quality. I tried to contact the mailer on several occasions, but could never get anyone to answer my call. So I mailed it back. It does have a 30 day money back gaurentee. So I am waiting for a refund. I thought I could save some $, but ended up purchasing a new phone from Verizon.

overall, this phone works well.  It may not be an Iphone like what my brother has, but the LG Extravert is pretty darn good.  I like how its a tad bit small and yet it gets really good coverage.  Its an easy phone to use and the battery life on it lasts for days!  Sure, an Iphone is way more expensive and way more "better" (to some).  But those folks out there that just want to text and talk, this phone fits both boots. The only problem I see is that the touchscreen is kinda spotty.  It certainly works, don't get me wrong, but its not like a super sensitive screen.  Maybe once a month or so I recalibrate the screen and that usually helps.  A lot of times for my job I need to have my phone on vibrate so its nice when I can actually find a phone that vibrates a lot.  It doesn't matter if I'm changing the oil, welding, grinding, or plowing, I can usually feel my cell go off.  Most phones don't have that ability!To be honest, I rated this cell phone 4 stars instead of 5 because although its well designed, I though the touch screen could be a better.

Well so far so good - got it from Everything Authentic and when they say &#34;like new&#34; they mean it!  I mean I would have thought it WAS new!  Just one big tip if you are considering this phone - it may be a quirk with the phone but when you first get it, go ahead and charge the battery til it's full but for some reason you will not be able to &#34;power on&#34; the phone!  Don't panic.  Remove the battery, plug in the phone to a wall outlet, then you can power it on.  Then put the battery back in and you're all set.  I would recommend getting one of those phone covers because the back is slick and it's not a matter of IF you will drop it but of course WHEN and that will help you with handling it so it doesn't slip and of course with drops.  This is my first &#34;touch screen&#34; and so far so good.  I am totally old school and only use my phone for a PHONE, plus text, alarm, calendar, pics and vids.  So this phone will do fine I believe.  I have always gotten LG phones so that way you only have to mess with one home and phone charger but this one came with a home charger so I'll just use that as an extra/travel one (thanks).  Hope this review helps!

Used these phones as a basic upgrade prior to our contract renewing.  Process for switching through VZ was easy by phone (just don't follow the directions included with the phone (outdated), call customer service).

Phone looked perfect and is working fine, came with everything I needed!  Arrived on time, was very happy with the purchase of this phone.

It is not a great phone, but it is comfortable and simple to use.I recommend the phone to anyone who does not need allthe applications, but simple daily use as txting and calling.

got this for my daughter and so far works great  easy set up.  Really quick delivery.  was exactly what it said it was.

I bought two of these to replace them for my Dad and my Son, becausenit was a lot cheaper thatn going thru the store or using my upragrade for just a basic phone.  .  I was nervous, not sure I would be able to transfer them over on the Verizon account. But it was Very easy and I had no problems at all!!!!  I would definitely buy from them again.

Worked great! I hope you guys out there choose this pone,. It is really a good investment for a phone.

the seller was very helpful in trying to assist me (after i had spoke with verizon tech), but the seller tips and alternatives still could not help me to activate the phone.  verizon confirmed it was not a scam or stolen phone... so ultimately i was given a full refund by the seller (joycells) whose service was very punctual and helpful and excellent.  its just too bad i couldnt get the phone to activate.  ended up getting a samsung brightside.

After I dropped my phone, the touch screen quit working. I was afraid I would have to move up to a more expensive plan but decided to check Amazon first. This saved me about 20-30 $ / month. ROI of 3 to 4 months. Thank you Amazon.

I have had Blackberry, Droid and Apple phones, and with the rising costs of data plans and prorated fees, I decided to downgrade. I just want talk. I want my phone to be a phone. I can use my laptop or iPad if I want web ability. The phone combo device seems silly to me at this point. I start computing and at some point I hit the wall with the phone's limitations. So I opted for this simple, elegant LG phone. It has a nice weight to it. Not too heavy, not to light. It doesn't feel cheap. The touch screen ability is a total fail, but that's okay. The sliding keyboard allows full control of the lite Droid OS and allows dialing and even talking on portrait slider mode. The speaker is amazing. It's the best speaker I've ever heard. I talked to people on it and I could hear every word.There's no wifi, but it allows you to use multiple email accounts, including Exchange/Enterprise. I loaded an Opera account and a Gmail. It set them up automatically without me entering SMTPs or anything silly. Not even my iPhone4S could accomplish that for Opera!Initially, the online setup gave me a Mexico area code (weird). The website didn't allow users to change numbers, so I HAD to call. I waited for about 2 minutes and a Texan (not a call center out of the country!) answered and set me up with a local area code of my choice. The phone rebooted while we still were talking and my number was set! WOW. I tried Metro PCS for a while and they charged $10 to change the number and couldn't do it over the phone. I had to bring my over priced Droid junk phone into a special repair store that felt more like a welfare office. But I digress!1. Solid phone. Not cheap.2. Basic phone. VERY basic.3. Good call quality, above average speaker.4. Medium usability due to small keyboard and hit and miss touch screen. You will end up using a combination of the touch screen and keyboard.5. Rugged. You'd have to throw it against a wall to damage it and I'm sure it would keep working anyway.6. EXCELLENT option if you are looking to downgrade yourself to an UNLIMITED talk/text phone for $35.7. Superb "Droid what? Apple who?" factor as the price leaves change in your pocket for things you need like food and water.Final Word: Go for one of these Verizon phones. Excellent customer service from American call centers 24-7. Area code changes at no cost. No software glitches here. Phone does what it's supposed to do: Talk/Text. Leave your web surfing for the laptop/tablet.

We got this phone for my daughter back in March 2011.  My daughter loved this phone even though after a few months she had to charge it every day and sometimes it would go dead sooner and she would have to charge it more often. The phone finally DIED in 14 months. It will turn on but won't let her make a call or text and then to top it off it now just has a black screen and does absolutely nothing.  I'm very disappointed with this phone since it only lasted slighted over a year.

I love this type of phone, but there were some problems with it. All the equipment sent with it was fine, but unfortunately the phone's speaker was not fine. The only way I can call someone or receive calls is with headphones plugged into the headphone jack. I'll be getting a new phone within the next couple months, but this phone works for now. It's just a hassle. I would send it back to you but, I don't think it's worth it since i'll get an upgraded one relatively soon. But thanks for sending it anyways.
