
I am using this phone with an NET10 ATT Sim.  Everything works well except I cannot get MMS to work.

I would recommend this smart phone, Works good but I do not buy it again because the delivery method takes forever more or less like 2 months to be received, so if you need this phone quickly don't even think about to buy this product.

Phone randomly freezes and battery life is poor. could have more internal storage as well. I would not recommend this phone.

Great phone at great price. I'm from Peru and this Android works great. It's very fast, the call's are clear.Great phone for price.

I really liked this phone. It is almost a clone of samsung galaxy III. The fetures are great, works great. Screen is responsive. I can recommend this phone.There were some comments about battery being drained. First day after I charged the battery (100%), I had all the processes on for the phone (WiFi, google location, automatic syncing and vibration etc etc), with in 20 min the battery went down to 80% (I lost 20% of battery). I was bit woried but then I went through google how to save battery life on androids (by then my batter was drained to 55%. After checking on google I disabled key press vibrations, general vibrations, automatic syncing, google locations and most importantly I disabled WiFi when I did not need it/did not use it.After that it was magical, the battery was so stable. I turn on the WiFi when I use. Since I did the first full charge, I did not charge the battery till now (which is more than 24 hrs) and still I got 40% battery life left.The key is do not keep the un necessary apps or location trackings and WiFi's on that drains the battery.Back to the phone,It is greatresponsive touch screenresolution is greatback camera is good although it takes great still pictures, the any shake or movement makes the pics really blurry. one has to get used to it.front camera i did not check.apps are running great.call quality/voice quality is good.browsing /surfing is fast as the processor is reasonably faster.I played videos- good resolution quality.By the way the phone is android 4.1.1 - I specifically checked.I did not use ear phones yet.I did not play video games on it and I do not play video games. so the quality for video games doesnot matter for me.Eventhough I ordered the phone with a standard shipping which was suppose to take 18-20 days and I was supposed to receive the phone between March 18th to April 3rd, The seller(Standard-Mart) shipped the product by so fast delivery that by 4th March I have the phone delivered to me. Hats-off to the seller. They had an extra case  and a stylus for the phone.  I recommend this seller to anyone.The bottom line is the phone so far worked as SIII- except the beam.I have ATT sim card so everything is working fine.What else, IT IS GREAT BUY FOR THE PRICE. SIII COSTS AROUND 400-599 ( I GUESS) AND IF ONE CAN GET SIMILAR PHONE FOR 172 BUCKS, IT IS GREAT ISNT IT.One thing I would like to know is where to find a case for this phone. Right now I am using without a case and afraid that it might break if I drop it on the floor (as it is made of plastic mostly).

it's presented well, but didn't meet my exspectations,hulu or netflixs don't work on it ,but it does make good calls,add takes horrible pictures, but also good for web browsing!

This is a nice phone, it dose what I want it to do except I have a hard time doing the camer when I want to oovoo some one.

worked good for me batter was 5-6 hours camera works good in good light 3g is stable apps work great are fun seems to get a solid internet most of the time

Not sure what the friendship is between ATT and Straight Talk??  I dont think great at this time.  Buy your sim card for ATT carrier before you buy phone (if that is your preferred carrier).  It is not readily available.  I am bidding on ebay right now.  MA (Hudson?) Walmart had some, after I called IL, MO, PA, Walmarts~ all with out Straight Talk ATT Sim card.  Get yours NOW!  Phone is cool so far, was able to surf web instantly.  Quick ship, with stylus, cover (2), protection cover, European charger???  All is well.

Was very disappointed.  I had to send the phone back in order to have it repaired.  I changed the language on the phone, but the 360 app continuously reverted back to a foreign language.

Pros:* This phone is fast and sleek and does indeed come with Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean, with Google Now, etc.* Battery life is decent will last a full day of mild usage and barely make it with semi-heavy usage.-Usage includes surfing several webpages, using Facebook, downloading an app or two and playing 3D games.* Supports Dual Sim Cards and Quad Band Frequencies which is perfect for international usageCons:* Screen Contrast and color is less than adequate, deep black turn up gray, colors aren't vivid and somewhat faded.* Although this is running Jelly Bean which is supposed to be very smooth thanks to Project Butter, this phone seemsto jitter like previous Android versions. The average consumer will not notice this.- From time to time in fast paced games (Ex. Temple Run) the jitter actually effects gameplay. For example when thethe character is moving very fast and I swipe to turn him the jitter will cause a delay that will make me lose.(Believe me its not me, I play this game on the iPhone and never had this issue.)* Doesn't support 3G on T-Mobile, only Edge, and probably some other US Carriers will have the same issue.

It was really buggyGave a lot of storage problems. Not usable for most apps. GPS is very bad, the two sims stuff looks nice. Good if you only want very basic stuff, email, sms, calls and basic internet but thats all.

When I bought this phone I thought it would be a good investment, I was wrong it worked for less then a month before it started to freeze, restart or shut its self off. This is by far the worst investment I have ever made.

This is a very poor quality phone. Lasted may be 2 or 3 weeks. Then the phone would not switch on. If I tried to switch on, there is nothing on the screen,  but the phone itself becomes so hot that I had to open the back cover to remove the batteries for safety.I would give this a zero star if only I could.

I never had service with this phone! Would not connect to wifi! The phone was just all around crappy! The camera was jank! Just not a good product!!

surprised when a off brand of the samsung galaxy 3 is delievered barely two weeks with the phone and it gets reported stolen requested to send back never heard anything from the seller DO NOT BUY!!!... before those two weeks were up the front camera was turned upside down i would take a picture with the front camera and the whole screen was upside down and i had no idea how to fix it while texting it would ask me what service company i had and would show it in the status bar until out of messaging

Hey, it works for me, and does more than I know about.No problems with it, and if you take a trip to another country,just add another card for calls.

Good looking phone, looking forward to enjoying it outside the country without the hassles of paying the roaming charges from ATT.

She was very satisfied, overall my sister was impressed with the phone. Has anyone found a good case for this phone.

This Feiteng GT-N9300+ MT6577 phone looks good and from online reviews seems to work reasonably well for others, but I've given up on it.  Daniel at lolbuy shipped it very promptly (arrived from China in 2 weeks) and has been quick and polite in e-mailing me about it, but it has too many issues I can't resolve in time for our overseas trip next week.  BTW, I'm an experienced user of iPhone and Android smartphones, so I don't think it's operator error.1.  The tiny user's guide for this Chinese-made Samsung clone is pathetically incomplete, and there are absolutely no online instructions available anywhere even after an ultra-diligent hours-long search.  I spent hours looking at YouTube commentaries on the phone, in several languages, but they all said pretty much the same pros and cons and didn't resolve any of my issues.2.  The unforgivable problem for me is this phone's complete inability to recognize any wi-fi networks, either mine at home or public ones.  It certainly didn't do so automatically, and when I tried a bazillion times to manually enter my home network name, security system (WPA2), and password, the phone either shut down, cleared my entries and re-presented me with unfilled out blanks, or (if I was lucky enough to get any response at all) told me no network was within range.  Since the whole time I tried this I was surrounded by my iPhone, Kindle, and iPad as well as desktop PC which all picked up the network with no problems at all, I concluded that this clone phone is hopeless.  If I have this much trouble getting into a wifi network here at home, I can only imagine my frustration trying to do so with multiple foreign wifi networks on our upcoming trip to Greece and Turkey!3.  As noted by everyone, the front camera is a joke, and there is no case available other than the clunky one it ships with.  These are cons, but in my book not deal-breakers.On the pro side, the screen is large, clear and bright.  The dual-SIM feature is handy, and the phone's very small onboard memory is easily augmented with a mini SD card.  I would have enjoyed using this phone if it had only worked for me!Perhaps it is simply my phone that's the problem, not the whole model, so your mileage may vary.  I'm ordering a different unlocked GSM smartphone for our trip next week, as I can't waste any more time fooling around with this one.

The battery will completely run down in only three hours of use.  Also, the screen is not sufficiently bright to permit me to use the phone out of doors.  It is sufficiently bright indoors, and I like the features otherwise, but I cannot use it when I am away from home, such as when out walking my dog.  It is not acceptable as a resource to use in case of emergency.  I cannot use the brightness settings to get the screen to be any more bright than it is at present.  I will be replacing this phone with one that has a superior screen brightness, probably a super AMOLED screen.  I do like the features in Android Jelly Bean 4.1.1.

I am so excited!!! It's charging right now, so I am not able to give a full review.The phone arrived safely, packaged very well and it came in weeks in advance.So far I am very happy with this seller and would order from them again.Will come back to give an update on how the phone functions.Update: 6/5/2013Still loving my phone!!!Haven't had any problems. It took me a little time to figure out how to set 3G, working good.Today I used the Navigation system and it was fun.My first smartphone and I am glad I purchased it.

This is an S3 knockoff almost identical but not quite, I don't know if others have tried to use an s3 case on this but it doesn't fit this phone sizes are slightly off.This phone:Product size (L x W x H): 136 x 70 x 10 mmin inches 5.35 x 2.76 x 0.39S3 I9300:Dimensions: 136.6 x 70.6 x 8.6mmin inches  5.38" x 2.78" x 0.34"As you can see it is just slightly off in size and s3 hard case will not quite work(I have a couple here and tried them)they just don't quite make it,Soft gel case might do it. Also the power buttons and volume are indeed on same side so they don't line up from pictures here of I9300. Other than that it is a pretty nice clone so far no problems with it but have only had it for a couple days.Pros: seems to be very responsive, sometimes a little too fast to react to light touch opens things not wanted open.Con: Eats batteries really bad, comes with 2 batteries, charged both early morning, put fresh battery in and went out for a few hours, one call in that time frame blue tooth on part of that time wi-fi off, had to replace battery when I returned home after about 4 hours, about four or so hours under same use battery was once again dead.Returning for refund...

This was my very 1st Android phone, very 1st smart phone for that matter. I was hoping to get at least a year out of this phone that I paid $190 back in March 2013. It was actually a capable phone when it was working but after the 9th month, the touch screen started to act up activating apps or txt messages by itself. I have to keep restarting it to stop that strange behavior. By the 10th month, the screen will just freezes up or will not respond especially when I'm outside in cold weather (5F). About 2wks ago, it developed a hairline fracture right in the middle of the screen - that was the phone telling me it's time to get a new one.It also worked well internationally. I was overseas for 3weeks & I was able to use this phone with no problems just by adding a new sim. I used this phone on a prepaid T-Mobile network.

The sellers are great, but the phone not much. I bought one for my boyfriend and one for myself. I received my phone one month ago, his and my phone's screen are shattered. The phone is cheap although it dosenf look like it. The head phones don't work and neither does the GPS. Battery drains super quick! Overall I don't recommend. The screen only lasted one month and I only dropped it once. Sooooo yea think twice about it.

Arrived in less than 1 week. Installed 2 sims and set up the WiFi in a couple of minutes. Everything works just great, love the Android 4.1 operating system. Tons of aps available, fast, responsive touchscreen. Love it, just wish it was mine and not my Wife's.After 3 months the charge system broke so I purchased an external charger and extra battery, worked fine for another month then the phone just died, there is no warranty protection so I will have to buy a new phone now. Great while it lasted but it was very short lived. I would not recommend buying a phone from China to anyone, and a lot of Amazon products are coming from China now, mostly electronics.

Because the cellphone that I received wasn't that I had boughtI have other cellphone in my hands, it was a bigger deception, I'm really disappointed

Bought this phone because I didn't want to spend the money on a name brand phone with similar features and specs. Everyone that has seen it automatically thinks its a Galaxy SIII and I only smile when I think I only paid like 1/4 of the price for such an awesome phone.Only downside is that I can't find a case that will fit, but the phone came with a second back piece that had a flip cover, so that helps. Just wish the companies that made these phone would make a few cases to go with them.Phone works great, The battery lasts me all day with wi-fi and/or data on all day, in addition to playing music for a few hours. The extra battery it comes with is extra comfort just in case I overdo it.

It's everything I expected x10. The camera (front and back) is great! It's cute and has a large screen. It definitely serves its purpose. The only downfall is the touchscreen is very sensitive, but that isn't that big of a deal. Overall, FANTASTIC phone for the price!

The phone is good, don't think your ordering some kind of plastic imitation, it's a well built phone and operates well. I knew going into this purchase that the original S3 cases would not fit, I ordered a TPU case anyway and, you guessed it, it doesn't fit. However, it's very close. Anyway, the phone performs well. I suggest moving any app that can be moved to the SD card instead of sucking up the phones available memory as it will slow it down.Things to know:1. This phone CAN be rooted, search the web, I'm about to root mine. You can gain extra memory by doing this.2. This phone has volume and power buttons on the right (original S3 has them on separate sides).3. The headphone plug is on the opposite side compared to the original S3.4. The speaker on the back (lower corner) is also on the opposite side compared to the original S3.5. The 8MP camera performs well, it's decent enough for me to snap pics of my kids and upload to social media and store.6. The front camera is useless.7. If you plan on using network DATA (3G) and your in the U.S., plan on using this phone with AT&T.; The phone supports 850Mhz for 3G and not 1700Mhz (T-Mobile's frequency). If you do use T-Mobile you'll only get EDGE (2G) data speeds.8. If you have AT&T; SIM in this phone it DOES get HSPA9. I activated mine on Straight Talk, they ported my SUSPENDED number from Verizon in 5 minutes (kudos for that ST!). If you use Straight Talk be sure to order the AT&T; compatible SIM card. If the SIM does not show on their web site get it from WalMart online, like I did.10. If you find a case that fits comment on this review and let me know, I can't live without a case. :)All in all, this phone is a great alternative to paying for a S3 or really any other smart phone out. At the price it's unbeatable and it does just about everything you'd expect a 2013 Android phone to do. Oh yea, it IS running Jelly Bean, unlike what some other reviewer said.AnTuTu Score: 6771

I like the phone, however, the two batteries that came with the phone does not hold a charge. The battery has to be charged every day. Does anyone know where a battery can be purchased? I have not been able to contact the seller.

Everything works fine for 3 weeks until camera stopped working. The screen shows a big pinkish dot when turning on camera.The things became ugly when I want to return it.- I have to ship it to Asia and pay the postage at my own expense. I don't know if I should pay extra 40 dollars to ship it back.So in fact it is a phone sold without any warranty&#65281;

Really good copy of Samsung SIII. I do not have any complaint with the phone really good for less price.

the phone works well, lights, etc ... There are two problems, the first is that it not has 3G connection, the second is that the camera was not what I expected, very bad.

i was very happy with the product it came 3 days after ordering it from amazon the only thing i had a problem with is the cheap charger cord that came with it lucky i had my old charger from a blackberry that works perfect with this new phone .

I would give this phone 5 stars if the earphone jack worked with your average earphones and if the auto rotate screen worked,  other than those two things i really enjoy having this phone.

Pro's - the phone is VERY similar to the Galaxy S III without having to pay the price, my brother has the S III and didnt even realize mine was different from his till he read the brand nameThe back camera is greatThe video camera is great in lighted areasThe front camera is good for skype and other video callingThe screen is an awsome touch screen and its beautiful resolutionThe batery life is OK I have had better phones but it depends how much time you spend playing on itIts a sleek phone, if someone doesnt know to look for the Samsung logo no one even knows its not a Galaxy S IIIThe apps are greatThe internet connection is AWSOME, dowloands are great on wifiCon's - You cant find a case that fits it - it does come with a case but its not my favortieThe front camera is awful for taking picturesThe batery life is a little short for my tasteThe camera randomly says you have no pictures - it DOESNT delete them however you just have to restart the phone then they show upYou have to format the SD card for the phone and if you put one in there that you have used on a previouse device it wont workThe touch screen is SUPER sensitive when charging - you cant even use it when charging because it acts like you pressed every icon six times

Still watching it. I have a strong feeling it would be fine. I use it as a telephone and nothing else. It is doing this well. Just got it less than a month ago, still looking at it but ok thus far.

I switched to this phone from the actual Samsung GS3 mini. While I liked the mini, the screen just wasn't big enough for me. So first, the great things about this phone:1. large screen2. great knockoff of the SG3!3. came with tons of extras - 2 batteries, 2 screen protectors, earphones, usb cable & us charger, flip case4. great user interface, very easy to manuever - unlike the SGS3 mini which has 50 million menues and I could never find what I was originally looking for5. super fast shipping, I ordered on sunday had it by tuesday! (also used 2 day shipping on it)6. I'm using this currently with a tmobile straighttalk sim so no 3G (only with att sim as it has 850mhz frequency not 1700 for tmobile) and was a bit harder to configure for the sim but will be changing to an att st sim when it comes in Friday!7. DUAL SIM - I'm not using both spots right now, but my husband & I get stationed in Europe, I probably will8. very nice screen - colors bright & crisp, has smooth touch and scrollingNow for the not so great parts... :(1. settings for base model comparable - no special fonts like real samsung models, no facebook pre-installed so when you install the app, your contacts won't link (if anyone has found a solution to this, PLEASE let me know!!! I miss my pics!!)2. Bit more work to get it configured for a tmobile straight talk sim3. Cannot get phone data to read mobile webpages - have to have it set on "Request Desktop Site" in browser settings other getting an error message for each page4. No custamizable display - you can change what apps are on the homescreens but can't change # of screens or design layouts - I'll be downloading free apps to change this though (hassle though since most other models already come with this feature)5. camera pics not of the best quality, front cam very grainy and discolored; back cam still kind of discolored & bit grainy; not exactly the pic quality I'm used to and I had an HTC Rhyme before so no big model name phoneOverall, a great phone for the price. Needs some extra tweaking by the user but kind of the same as buying a house that needs some tlc; just takes a little bit of extra time, research, and configuration for your tastes. If you don't mind having to do that, buy this phone. I'm much happier with the $180 price and needing to do some extra tweaking than paying $320 for the SGS3 mini ready out of the box (with a smaller screen and I'm not paying the $500-$600 for the actual SGS3!) I do wish the cams were better and it was easier to sync fb to my google contacts, but other than that, great phone for the price!

The phone had a lot of problem in all the life span was up to a week after that it stopped charging and the sd port was already damaged after in all the phone just would turn on the battery it came with was damaged in all horrible

Overall this is a nice phone I really like it except for two things. The screen rotation is set to be automatic but it does not work. I have to deactivate auto rotation and reactivate; after doing this it works but after locking my phone when I try to use it again the screen won't rotate. I already did a factory restore and check setting, calibration, and nothing works. on top of this, I can't use regular headphones with this phone or connect it to my care using a regular audio cable, it seems that the cable fits small in the phone outlet. when I plug the cable in my car for auxiliary it makes a very annoying noise and the sound is awful, same thing happens with my headphones. If it wasn't for these two issues this would be the perfect phone for me. I am returning it.

This was a demo phone.I went to several phone repair stores to get it fixed before I found out that it was a demo.Buyer beware

My friend was needed a cellphone with Dual Sim card to use in Brazil. O bought this phone and when it arrived I almost keep this phone to my use. :)Nice display and sensitive touchscreen. I will buy other one to me :)

This is a decent product. If you are looking for a phone that is not exactly an S3, yet pretty close in many ways, then you'll be ok. Or if you are biding your time for the next big thing and need something to get you through, this is it.Cons.Battery. Just need to be mindful to charge often.No cases available.Camera under parPros.Cheap, like really, comparativelyDarn close to orig.If your on the fence. Take the plunge.

I love this and have been recommending it to others. It can do everything on my phone. Easy to use.

It's my worst decision. It turns off itself. I cannot return back because I live in Venezuela. This is a fraud of phone. Really I advice you that never buy it...

Product is okay but somewhat quirky and when talking on the phone sometimes becomes echoey .Would not buy buy again

I order this Chinese model cell phone for my Adult daughter. Her LG Optimus (Crap) died. A new for my daughter, she usually  drops her cell phones.So far she is very happy with this particular cell phone. The camera is amazing to her and texting is all she needs. I was able to just swap-out the her AT&T; SIM card and the phone works great. It's not 4G, but as long as it performs in 3G she is happy. Camera, Facebook, tweet, and testing and she is happy.

Well, this phone may work well in some areas, but in my area it half-way work. I'm having some issues with this phone. I'm not getting the full effects and soon I will be changing phones.

Sick phone. Front camera. Great resolution. Responsive touch screen. Wide screen. android's google app store. Simple Developer mode. Easily bullies the iphone. Downloadable swype text is enough.The same phone unlocked (no 2 year agreement) is at least $600.Best part is the price. For $200 you can get the exact replica of the latest technology smartphone straight from the sweatshops. Love.

This phone wrecked my SIM card, I couldn't put it back into my old phone. Wouldn't transfer my contacts from my other phone, dropped my calls. When plugged in wouldn't work, was super hard to text on.  It was a cheap price but it was not worth it.  I had to go and buy a brand new phone just to have a phone that worked.

I like the phone it it really easy to use it just like the S3 but the cheaper version and the only down fall is that its hard to find a case for it

I'm new to smart phones. I was expecting to hate it through but I really do enjoy it now. it's easier tooperated it. the settings some getting use to. I love the camera and all its features. it also came up two batteries which was also on the expected it also came with another case. It was a good deal all the way around. I'm happy with what I bought.

I received this phone and once I put my t-mobile sin card it wouldn't connect to t-mobile. And besides that, I also ordered 2 phones an only 1 came in the mail. I am very disappointed, I really wouldn't recommend this phone.

this item is too slow, the touch screen is  poor and the charger is too slow, one month after i began using the phone the charger stop working and the Guaranty expired..

After reading other reviews, I went ahead and purchased this phone. It took about two weeks to get to me, but was well worth the wait. I have had it about 4 days so far. I had a bit of trouble inserting my SIM card, but once I got it, I had no other problems. I have T Mobile 3G service, and it works fine, once you figure how to connect the service. All apps work great and even my auto correct is in English. The only issue, as others have mentioned, is that the S3 cases do not fit. Both the power button and volume button are on the same side, and the speaker is on the opposite side on the back. Other than my worry about breaking it because the case I have doesn't fit quite right, it's fantastic.

The Device was well featured for its price,but the Lifetime of the components are very short.Support in China? Whats Support?!My advice, safe ur Money, u wont get happy with it, when it stops working fine!Bad seller contact, no support!-&#62; put some bugs more in a phone like Samsung Galaxy S2 and u'll get much more!

I ordered two phones which took 3 weeks to arrive. The waiting was fine, what wasn't is that one phone arrived with a broken screen around the speaker near the top and the other phone arrived in the wrong color. If Amazon does a good job fieldling my return I can get to using the phones and do an actual product eval.

Unlocked Quadband Dual Sim Android 4.1 OS With 4.7 Inch Capacitive Touch Screen 3G Smart Phone - AT&T;, T-mobile, H20, Simple mobile and other GSM networks (blue).I live in NY and im Super excited with my purchased of this cell phone it works great with my t.mobile sim. I paid under $200 , I ordered it from key droper amazon on dec 29, 2012 it arrived on jan 12, 2013. I was easy breezy  setting it up, the only thing is figuring out which slot to put your sim card because its dual sim, its either one or the other lol. Anyways overall this is a great clone of the Sampson galaxy S3. the difference is that the vol and power button is on  the same side (left side) for the i93000, whereas for the galaxy s3 the power button is on the right side and the vol button is on the left so you have to order a specific case for model #GTi93000, base band version MT6577 .Apps are easy to download, battery is great once u are not running a bunch of apps at the same time, turn off apps when not in use, camara is good, volume is also good, netflix works great , skype works great in the US, did not try it out overseas yet, will let u know when i do in a few months. Overall great phone, hope my review was helpful.

I have this phone over a month now and I'm very please with it. The phone comes with everything at advertise and compared to others android clones this phone is very fast.I haven't any batteries issues so far, just  keep the screen brightness low (to me that's the battery killer).The only problem I had was that the screen was going blank when I was making a phone call and I couldn't hang out or even shut the phone off, but I just did a Als_ps  calibration and cover the sensor right next to the speaker and problem solve.Overall it was a good buy for me

it works very well. I use skype and internet in addition to calls and messages.Front camera need to be improved.

In the beginning it was great, but build quality not great.  Screen cracked while in my breast pocket.  Oh well, my fault, but usb port is weak.  Device would not charge after 2 months.  Do not buy!!

When i first got this phone I thought it was pretty good.I had felt like I got a good deal on it.Unfortunately no it is not a good deal and no one should buy this phone.Everything from the touch screen bugging out during calls, to the short and horrid battery life, all the way to random crashes and restarts happening every time you turn it on.This phone is a piece of junk. It DOES NOT have ANY 3G capabilities. They completely lie to you on that one.It has the ability to pick up 3G service but the second you tap to connect to it, the phone crashes and all of your settings are sent back to default. Nothing about this phone works properly.DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE

Even the 1 star is a waste but I had to be able to review my 3 months adventure. I spent more time trying to make this phone working than the actual time it worked. When I bought, it didn't charge the battery. The replacement I received stopped working after 3 days. I asked for refund, but you see the seller says the ONLY way they want to ship back is the normal, cheapest USPS and send them pictures of the post receipt. DON'T. I lost my money. This way there is no way to track it (I even contacted the Customs and told me it has left the country) the seller claims they didn't receive and Amazon don't accept as proof unless it includes a signature confirmation of delivery, which the seller don't do/want (I'm not even sure if it can happen via standard USPS oversees shipment, this option costs highly more expensive).Amazon (and their satisfaction guarantee experience blah blah blah) did nothing more than sending the same email to me stating they understand my frustration but there is nothing they can do....Among others problems, back camera is very low quality. Sometimes for unknown reasons the phone didn't &#34;see&#34; the SD card. The phone was overheated, and the battery didn't last for long even when it was idle. The headset speaker was very low, even with apps to boost it was very difficult to hear.Such clones usually work for some days, reviews saying how awesome are first day reviews, actually trust people who have dealt for some time. Definitely, an unreliable cell from an untrustworthy seller.

After a couple of days it didn't work anymore. It keeps saying that it has no service and its just the phone not the service.

Box contents-Android S3 (Android 4.1.1)-2 Batterys-Note Flip cover case-Screen protectors (Dont real fit to size...)-Earbuds-usb cable-power adapter-mini stylus-quick manualThe phone itself came preloaded with Android 4.1.1 with a few extra features in the Android Settings a pure AOSP Nexus phone wouldnt have. Does include built-in hotspot feature for Data users. (ex. Sim card settings, sound settings, use settings, show battery percentage, ect) The phone does not support OTA updates so its locked in on Android Jellybean unless developed otherwise. The phone came loaded with the Galaxy s3 launcher for a Samsung like feel and all the sounds (I swapped for the 360 Launcher). Lockscreen is AOSP (Android Open Source) styled. Statusbar has slideable toggle widgets and GSM profile. The phone has 2 sim card slots for whatever advantages you want to take. I set ours up for Straght Talk. The advertisement says a dual core cpu, the phone declares a quad core! Il be sure to investigate that...but over all perfermance is fantastic. It is not bloated up with advertisments or useless apps, just a pure android environment. Camera is beautifiull. Fully working flash and has a flashlight app. Amoled HD Display, Touch screen is multi-touch resistive. The design is like ATT Galaxy impression? The build of the phone is sturdy like any OEM phone. Sound is great. Google Now integrated. Google play is ready to go. The phone does support video calling but I believe thats for Gtalk.The only thing I noticed was the Battery needed calibrated. Kill it all the way untill battery is drained and let it charge over night.One thing to stress...Buy some sort of impact glass shielf or durable screen protector for these phones! The box says armoled display, bull...I bought 2 off these phones and the screens are cracked already. One phone was bumped in the car with shifter and cracked slightly and I just pulled mine outa my pocket and I cracked the screen applying to much pressure apparently... be ware.Otherwise, after a months use, I love the phones. just be delicate with them and patient.Good Buy for a Over Seas Phone

the phone is great. so for there is nothing to woory about, beside the volume set, the phone is workin perfistly good and excellent features.

This is a nice phone for the money...it came in the mail fast and every thing works fine....the wi fi works great...sweeeeeet. deal.....

I have owned and used this phone for a few months before recently replacing it. First it on paper looks great, that's why i bought it and it wasn't such a huge price if things didn't work out. Well the phone does have a pretty snappy processor and also a pretty decent screen on it. It looked like a great phone. Not the not so good. The call quality was questionable at best. The bars would go up and down seemingly without reason, not that i really care about that, but the calls even in a well covered area, like 4 bars mostly, calls would drop out or glitch during conversations. It doesn't make sense to keep a phone that can't make decent calls. It is also very frustrating to have people constantly repeat themselves when your phone is so spotty.The battery was a little weird going from 65% to making a quick call and drooping to 15%. Or drooping a lot after a simple reboot. To be fair they did ship out a second battery with unit, that i have not used. The microSD card stopped staying in place,i let someone else try and use the phone and they fixed this with a paper shim to hold in place. But the call quality was so poor they just went back to their old phone.I cannot recommend this phone to purchase.As a small tablet it wouldn't be so bad.

NOTE: I would give this phone 1.5 stars if possible.A little background... I had a 2+ year old Droid 2 Global (on Verizon) before it gave up the ghost. Several email & social networks accounts setup on it ...and ~420 apps installed (which includes the Verizon unused Bloatware) ...granted, a lot of the apps not used regularly. 512 MB RAM, 8 GB of internal storage and 8 GB microSD card. Only complained of low storage after downloaded a movie or two from Google Play.Onto this quadband phone...Purpose for the phone (besides replacement) was to try alternate carriers (besides Verizon) to see if worth switching ...and also wait to see if next wave of new droid phones were worth upgrading to versus keeping this generic (Galaxy S3 clone) older / lower expense one.PROS:-Great bundle of items as listed ...plus came with 2 covers ...one with & another without a flip cover.-Can have 2 (full size) SIM cards installed ...but need to toggle what feature (Voice, Video, Data, Messaging) is used for given SIM-Works with T-Mobile (no contract / unlimited plan) ...but only 2G speeds (expected issue after some additional research) at least in New England area. Note, 3G+ for T-Mobile requires 2 frequency bands ...but the phone has only one of them.-Crisp clear screen (...barring direct sunlight).-Nice battey life for a smart phone (...over a day if minimal data or wifi is used).-Works internationally, used in Europe.--The T-Mobile SIM transitioned to roaming under "Optimus"  ...but very expensive ...did not used ...but nice to have as a backup.--Purchased pre-pay "Vodafone" SIM (w/ talk & text ...no data option) ...very good reception and call quality.-Quick load \ start up time.NEUTRAL:-Misleading packaging. Screen film states phone as quad processor ...no, it is dual. Mentions NFC, not that I could find. BUT neither of these 2 items are mentioned in the Amazon listing so they were not expected ...nor deal breakers for me.CONS:-Random shutoffs ...This may be an isolated build (quality) issue. During the 1st week, started noticing that phone was turned off when I would take it out of my (shirt and/or pant) pocket to use. Originally thought something put accidental pressure on the switch which caused it to turn off. Turns out phone is very sensitive any taps / bumps that automatically causes shutoff with no warning. This includes placing (...not dropping) phone on a table ...or even tapping the dial out button too hard ...will turn of the phone. ...NOT good if expecting call(s) ...and your phone is off. Shouldn't need to check every 10 - 15 minutes to confirm that the phone is on.-Whac-a-mole: Phone calibration is very erratic (and I did try calibrating the phone sensors several times). When making calls where dial pad is needed during the call (i.e. checking / navigating voice mail), the screen would go in and out of "screen saver mode". Felt like I was playing an unwanted game of "Whac-a-mole" where the call would eventually disconnect before I had a chance complete the dial pad navigation.-Phone storage: Amazon listing states "Internal memory: 4GB(Note: The operate system and Apps take some spaces, so only show 2GB + 502MB)". Listing is misleading. Yes, internally it showed ~1.8 GB and 450+ MB of available space. BUT, apps that require "internal" storage will ONLY use the  "500" MB portion. The 'other' 2 GB portion is an "either / or" situation in that you either use it as "external" 'phone storage' versus "external" 'microSD card storage'. Myself, I had installed a 32GB microSD card ...and defaulted to that (not the included available 1.8 GB). Based on Amazon's listed information, I knew that I would not be able to have my previous 400+ apps installed on this phone. Initially only had a little over a hundred installed. As time went on, the cache & data increased (mostly from email and social apps), so I found myself slowly removing other less frequently used apps. Now, this depends on the apps installed as some can be completely installed to the external storage. Not the case for my primary apps.I will keep the phone given the low price but will be looking to buy another phone ...and probably give this one to my son to use the WIFI connection and play his games on it.Given the shortage of app storage and mainly power downs & "screen offs", it did not fit my needs ...nor reliable enough for me.Side note, phone was fulfilled by Amazon from ProntoTec.---------------------UPDATE...By November (less than 6 months after purchase), the phone is no longer usable. Had to handle the phone 'delicately'. Any minor bounce or bump would turn off the phone ...causing me to miss calls ...or disconnect in middle of conversation. Also portion of screen lost sensitivity resulting at times not be able to easily enter the PIN to log in ...had to be very precise in specific area to touch just enough of the edge of the PIN number ...and regular navigation on screen was difficult due to usable touch area.

It wont work I brought it to the local AT & T store they said it was a china knock off and it wont work

Was an excellent little phone for the first two or three months. After that the screen stopped responding on the lower portion, meaning that using the keyboard and most apps was darn near impossible.

came just as advertirsed, with display protector already installed, and all the other accessories, my only con would be that software is a little buggy so from time to time, screen will go crazy and you will have to reboot it to fix it.

For anyone concerned about ordering from China...I was too, but I ordered this phone Saturday evening and got it Wednesday morning. Crazy fast shipment. And the phone is just as expected so far. A little confusing at first trying to import contacts and everything but once I inserted the T-Mobile SIM card (correctly), it was easy. Very difficult removing the backplate as I thought it was going to snap in half before it popped off. (slide a butter knife under and lightly lift) Also, where can I get a protective case?

SO I've had the phone for about a week. It came with a completely broken flash, it won't even turn on with the flashlight app. From what I've read the flash is pretty much useless, so Oh well I guess... It also came with a charger that would take over 12 hours to charge, but my family had an old samsung charger laying around which works great with the phone (charges in about 4-5 hours). Where the microSD card goes is frustrating, and I ended up just taping it down so it would stay in place. I have yet gotten the GPS to work, but that may be my own fault since I haven't spent a lot of time trying to stand outside with it.Besides that, I really do like the phone. The battery is pretty good considering it is a smartphone. Texting is great, amazing autocorrect. Easy to connect pictures and such onto social media sites. I don't have a data plan (it's one of the reasons I buy unlocked phones), so I've only used wifi and I haven't had any problems with that. I wouldn't say that the camera is anything special, it's comparable to the 3.2 megapixel camera I had on my old phone. I downloaded ES file explorer which allows me to use my music as ringtones and alarms. I can't figure out for the life of me if/how this phone takes screenshots though. If anyone has any advice about this phone, I'd love to hear it! I'm still leaning towards keeping it even with the issues I've had.

This phone works instantly on T-Mobile right after I put the SIM card in. It is a very practical phone to have.

A few issues, and blatant lies1. this phone only has 500mb of internal storage!!! not the 4gb advertised, this means that after only a few apps you run out of internal storage. this is a problem as Android 4.1 only allows certain apps to be moved to the SD card. also with the firm ware taking up 250MB of that you only get 250MB of internal storage making the phone absolutely useless as apps that are larger than 250MB cannot be installed.2. very poor battery life. the phone takes forever to charge and then will only last a few hours with moderate use.these problems make this phone absolutely useless to any one who actually wants a smartphone

Thought it was pretty cool at first ended up having to switch carriors just to get it to work on 3G....

i bought this to use in india for 900/1800 frequency but i saw this in description and i bought it but it is not supporting. its supporting only 850/1900 for most US carriers.... The problem is the sellers have not given the correct description.

Don't buy this phone I just bought mine two months ago and it don't work anymore and it won't charge

Great phone and great alternative to the Galaxy S3. No S Beam though. It has it quirks like some apps and browser crashing randomly which can be annoying from time to time, but overall an excellent phone. Ordered the phone on the 21st and it got here within a week. One problem that I really can't understand though. When it got here, the language was in Chinese so I changed the language to English. However when I text or type something in the browser, it tells me that all my words are incorrectly spelled which I assume that it's comparing my spelling to Chinese....Weird. Still give 5 stars. Best phone I've ever owned

I got this phone sent to me in quick time to a Caribbean island. The phone came with two batteries, two backings with one having a front flap, headphones and charger. An additional plus is that the phone has a very thin screenprotector on it which is something you dont get with every phone inculding a new S3.The sims registered to my provider in quick time and with a quick stop at a provider outlet I was able to have the phone configured for data and internet. The phone works great for me and overcame my expectation. I gave it four stars because I find that the battery life is very short and requires constant charging. Im still troubleshooting to see if the dual sim usage is what is draining the battery so quickly or if something else is running in the background draining the battery.All in all the phone is a great buy at a steal of a price.

I was a little apprehensive buying this phone but i couldn't be happier... with the phone.  Getting it up and running was a challenge.  I ordered an ATT compatible SIM from Straight Talk and ported my Virgin number.  Now, for any Virgin customers thinking of switching, Virgin does not make the process very easy.  You HAVE to call customer support for your actual account number.  It's not available on the site or anywhere else.  When you call, you'll be greeted by an automated recording that doesn't give you an option to speak to a real person.  Just say &#34;operator&#34; when it pauses for an answer.  (took me ten minutes and several replays of options to figure that out)  I was transfered to an operator that asked several questions to verify my identity then informed me that she couldn't access my account number and I'd have to &#34;hold the line&#34; while she transfered me to someone else.  I was on hold for forty eight minutes..  The next guy went through the exact same process then said it would take a few minutes for my account number to come up.  In the mean time, he tries to tell me I don't need my account number to port to another service.  &#34;It should work with just your phone number&#34;, he says.  I waited an hour, I was getting the account number.  Finally, he comes back on with an odd series of letters, preceded by a single number.  I don't know if just the phone number would've worked but I'm certain the account number did.  Straight Talk warns you it could take up to two days.  Mine took about ten hours then was good to go.  Be sure to set your APN settings per Straight Talk's instructions.  (more on this in a minute)Back to the device itself..  I am continually impressed with this phone.  Now, I'm not a gadget guy so I won't pretend to know anything about anything but I will give you my opinions.  This thing is lightning fast.  WiFi or data, apps download in a heartbeat.  Web pages load in a blink.  Reception is great with ATT sim in my area.  Call clarity and volume is excellent.  The screen is huge and bright with beautiful colors and great resolution.  Mine came with a flip cover that I really like a lot and seems like it will hold up well.  The screen protector is pretty cheap but serves it's purpose until I can get a quality replacement.  The batteries both seem to hold a charge well.  They easily get me through a day with average text/talk/app use.  Overall, I'm very pleased with my purchase and would recommend to anyone looking for a great phone for a great price.Just a couple negatives.. One: I haven't been able to receive picture messages, though this seems to be a service issue, not a hardware issue.  A quick search of Straight Talk's forum returns hundreds of hits for MMS send/receive problems.  I double and triple checked the APN settings and still they won't download.  I'm still waiting on an answer from Straight Talk customer service and I'll update once I get one.  Two: cases are proving difficult to find.  The headphone port, rear speaker and volume buttons are on the opposite side from the Samsung and the sizes are a little different, so SIII cases won't fit without some modifications.  If I happen upon any, I'll update then also.

The phone is good, it has good internet connections and downloading is fast but my problem is the battery life sucks. I don't know if its the battery or the charger but I'm gonna find out.

When I open the box couldn't believe how good it looked 2 batteries 2 cases one the normal back and the other with the flip cover showed a couple of friends and now they want it too. Luv it

For the price, I suppose it is ok, but if I have to do it over again after using the phone, I probably will not pick it, but for those who live close to the cell town, may be it's ok.Pro: big screen, similar to S3 (in fact, I got the S3 box with the phone in it), fast shipment, very responsive. Use normal size simm card. Set up is easy.Con: no Wifi calling feature (for Tmobile), when turn on WiFi and in the area where signal is under 3 bars, you can watch the battery going down litteraly, The screen is very bright, even you turn the bar down all the way. Older Android, have issue synch Gallery to Picasa, had to download 3rd party apps for that.

This was the worst ever!! We got a replacement phone and that doesn't work either. Please beware!!. The first phone didn't work after maybe about a month and the second one doesn't work after 8 months!!!

I ordered white, I got blue. The had a password that I had no idea what it was. So I had to take it to a pro. It took him 1/2 and hour to figure out it usually takes 5 minutes. Once he figured out how to remove all the passwords and set it up for me it seems to be OK except I ordered WHITE!!!!!

el telefono supera las expectativas que tenia, de gran tama&ntilde;o y buena velocidad, recomendado para todo aquel que desee algo con buen precio y gran competitividad

Phone is good so farExcept that it doesn't stream Netflix . it says that the browser is out of date , which I don't understand because the phone was manufactured less than 4 months ago.

I wanted to get the samsung galaxy 2 straight talk phone, but decided to get this instead since its $100 less. Let me tell you this phone works great. All i did was put in my att go phone sim and it worked right away also ordered a straight talk sim after i activated it plugged it in and worked like a charm.  Only thing keeping me from giving it a 5 is the battery kinda sucks ill try a samsung g3 battery see if that helps.

The phone arrived on time.You will need a magnifying glass to read the useless instructions that come with the phone. I have never baught anything with such usless instructions.Once you TRAIN YOURSELF to use the phone, it actually meets expectations.There is no mention of warrenty or how to contact the manufacturer that I can find.

This phone no longer charges.  I've had it just a little over 2 months.  First the vibe went out on it, intermittently returns.  Then the USB connection stopped working so I cannot connect to a computer.  Regular S3 products don't work with this, so I can't buy extra batteries or a wall charger for the battery.  And now I can't plug the phone into the wall to charge it.  I expected slightly more than this from this phone.  But to be completely useless after 2 months is unacceptable.

Estimated it would need the technical specifications of the cell that they buy Generic Dual Sim Unlocked Quadband Android 4.1 OS With 4.7 Inch Capacitive Touch Screen 3G Smart phone - AT&T;, T-mobile, H20, Simple mobile and other GSM networks (Blue). In order to be able to remove it from the customs of my country I have to provide the following data:. Maximum power. Widths of the emission bands and modulation type. Frequency Ranges. Stability of frequencies, attenuation to intermodulation products and selectivity. Identification number of approval from another country. Other information which it considers significant to evaluate the activity of the equipmentthanksDaniel diana

Ordered from hotglobal shop 8/5/13: I just got my phone in mail today & I immediately ran into problems straight out the box. Something is wrong with the calibration of this phone. Every time I touch something it does not respond at all or another app open up. I've reset to factory & re-calibrated it. I can't even use it because none of the apps open up when i press them. this is so frustrating.Update: 8/19/13 I ordered another one of these phones from a different seller (happy shopping, but fullfilled by amazon, i suggest you make sure it's fullfilled by amazon just in case things dont work out before your 30 day are up) and so far everything is working great like camera, speaker, hulu,netflix, candy crush saga, temple run 2 etc. i have not tested mms, sms, or 3g. Its running android 4.1.1 and the  model is gt i9300. I'll update if i start to have problems with this one I think the one I had before was rooted because that's what was in the about section of the phone & the screen was acting really crazy.update: 8/20/13 this phone has a section to connect to 3g but mines doesn't it only get edge. in which case i can get online (extremely slow) & send pic msg but i can't watch netflix or hulu which my 5 y/o loves. I've tried switching my sim card in the other slot but that didn't work either. im also shocked that i can put my at&t; sim card in either slot & get service. if anyone knows what i can do to get 3g please let me know or i'll have no choice but to return this beautiful phone. thanksupdate 8/21/13: I've decided to return my phone because I can't get the 3g to work on the straight talk AT&T; network & the 3g service is why I ordered my phone in the first place. I love everything about the phone it does everything that other android phone does. It seems to be a good quality phone & if you are one who doesn't need 3g service then i recommend this phone for you.

It  is good, did not get US adapter with it  to early to give review.  May be later when i have used all.

how can i rate some thing i still have not got email 12/18/2013 that it had been sent to day is 1/19/2014 what are u doing walking it to me ??? really if i had knew it was going to take this long i never would of ordered it!!!!! it was  suppose to be a christmas present maybe u can  get it to me before her birthday in april.really never again

Lasts forever doesn't shadder and brake like all the other big name phone companies. I had this one for a while

everything as advertised......forget the big name phone manufactures this phone has everything you could want in a smartphone and more.

I have owned about 2-3 fake phones. this one is by-far the best! I love that it runs Android (although iOS is still better). The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because there was only one case I could get for it. DO NOT BUY Samsung S3 CASES!!! Also the battery life SUCKS! It's a pain in the @$$ to change batteries - so the fact it comes with two batteries is stupid. I haven't even used the second one. Keeping the screen on and trying to text...it's depressing to literally watch the battery % just drop and drop. Turn off the screen between texts if you want to make it through the day.

Great brand and model. My husband loves it!!!Unfortunatelly it got stolen!It works fine here in South America.Supportive.

I like it from the beginning, untill recently when it started given me problem. it does not charge anymore...i have tried the reserved battery and same problem all day . its really frustrating and to think that i had wanted to buy another one for my dad for fathers day. I wish and hope there will be something that you could do cos i am not using it anymore. it was a friend who bought it and when i saw it i decided to order the same phone...and he is also facing the same problem.

We'll keep it simple.  It uses a full-sized SIM.  It's fast and the screen is beautiful.  It also works with Straight Talk.

Phone was a piece of crap !!!! Stopped working after three weeks. Ultimate waste of money ! Ended up having to buy a new phone anyway ! Never buy an unlocked phone from amazon !

this phone is very bad phonevery slow and has problem with its connectori used it only for one month then the micro usb-2 broke from inside the phonesimply dont wast your money and buy it for any reson

SEIZE THE PHONE NO CARRIER NO COVERAGE. AARRA SIGNAL AND MISSES A FEW MINUTES. I CAN NOT RECEIVE CALLS OR MAKE CALLS.

I bought this phone to have a good price but I have taken many problems, at first it worked fine but has slowly been taking certain errors in its operation, it locks and you have to turn it off and back on, and causes me some discomfort. The features of the phone are very good, is fast and has a good resolution on your screen, unfortunately no luck on the purchase.

The phone arrived on time and was better than expected.  It is truly an unlocked phone.  No need to get codes or call anyone - just insert the sim card and it works.  It is working great.

I absolutely love this phone its more than what I expected, the only complaint I have is how the phone shuts down every time I try to refresh my page on instagram, other than that I love love love this phone.

Netflix did not work.  Aside from that it worked well.  However, after about a week the phone stopped taking a charge.

I love my new phone it has more things than I will ever use.  I only have one problem with the device.  It came with two batteries which I thought was super.  Only thing both batteries won't hold a charge and need to be replaced and I can't seem to find a battery to fit.  I have bought several and none fit the unique shape of this particular phone.  Other than this I love, love, love it

I feel really happy with my phone. It was exactly what I expected. I have received the product that I bought in the conditions established

if I could give it a zero I would. first off phone came with no charging plug only the cord. honestly in my opinion I believe that the seller writes all of its reviews just to have the customer to buy the product.this product does not have an 8 megapixel camera is it claims. the camera was so weak I could not take pictures of my children open their Christmas gifts I just gave up it was so horrible. running this on T Mobile's network was a scam it never showed any 3G. I wouldn't recommend this phone to a child to play with it is a weak and it has no kind of action going on with it. the good thing is that Amazon backed it up and they were able to give me a refund of the products so I was able to purchase another phone and now I'm waiting on my moto jeans which is better than this Android look alike piece of crap.even when I used to this phone I try to do all of my homework on it and people just were making up things to say that this phone was a great phone they were lying I have no clue how they can say is this phone was great and activities it lags its grags and its just is funky

This phone is listed as Android 4.1, and it shows "Android 4.1.1" in  the phone settings menu, but it is actually running Android 4.0. Not only does it lack the new features and look of 4.1, but rapidly tapping on the "Android 4.1.1" in the settings menu gets the Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0) easter egg.That point aside, the phone runs well and quickly. It functions well as a phone, good sound and good reception. It's better than other clones I've had, and right up with high quality name brand phones I've had. It runs android and its apps very well. It's snappy and responsive. The screen is very sensitive, right up with the best capacitive screens I've used. It's 5 point multi-touch, confirmed by hardware tests.The moldline of the phone isn't compatible with hard cases for the Samsung SIII, but some soft cases fit. I'm still looking for a case that fits and protects the screen with a flap. The placement of controls and camera match, but the shape of the case is a bit  different.Overall, I'm very happy with the phone.Edited to add:GPS has a very hard time getting a fix. I've gotten one good fix off it across all the attempts I've made. It pretty well requires absolute optimum conditions to get a signal, based on my use. It takes 1-3 minutes to get a location, with an open sky (not inside or partial cover) though near a building with a limited sky area works.Also, I confirmed that the Android build version on this phone is 15. That is Ice Cream Sandwich MR1 (4.0.3 or 4.0.4, NOT 4.1.1 which is build number 16.)Adding your own ringtone: by default you can only choose from the built-in ringtones by going into Settings, choosing Audio Profiles, choose the profile you want to edit (for example, General), then selecting Voice Call Ringtone. However, if you install another app that lets you set ringtones (I'm using the free version of ES File Explorer), when you select Voice Call Ringtone it will give you a dialog asking which app you want to use (Android System or any apps you have that set ringtones.) Choose the other app, then use it to navigate to where your MP3s or other sound files are, and you can then choose them as your ring tone. That will also add them to the list of ringtones under Android System.Gravity/Accelerometers: They work fine for me on this phone.SIM Card: It takes standard size SIM cards (it has two slots).Further Edit:I bought two more, they both came with Jelly Bean installed. Mine must have been an oddball or old stock.

I have to say that I was very impressed by the phone. It does a good job of imitating the Samsung Galaxy S3. The only draw back here is that, it would not work on the American 3G frequency, which defeats the purpose of buying a Samsung S3 look-alike -though I read that AT&T 3 G works on it, never tried it. It comes with two battery becasue one of them is bound to not charge properly. I had to return the phone a day after getting it becasue I cannot upgrade phones and downgrade data speed.

please do not waste your money to buy this phone. Less than a week of using this phone the charging system is not connecting. I do not recommend this phone for anyone to buy unless you want to through your money away.he

While I wasn't expecting Samsung or Apple level quality, I was expecting at least a device that arrives with a fully functioning screen. I intend on returning this. I was hoping this would be my wife's new phone, but alas.. it's not.

This phone is nothing like the GS3 not even number 1.  I was completely fooled by all of the reviews that promises that there's really no differance between the two...or not even that much of a differance.Bottom line this phone SUCKS!! DO NOT Buy it there are way too many phones out there, at a way cheaper price that you can buy.  Thanks

When it worked, the phone operated well, but almost immediately the power and volume buttons broke for no apparent reason. Then the screen appeared cracked overnight, a few days later the phone stopped working altogether and is dead. Not worth the risk, obviously the manufacturing quality leaves a lot to be desired.

I love this phone but I'm having problems with pictures sending n sometimes texts I do have at&t n I called em but the imei shows up at a flip phone n they said it could mess up my family if anyone can help me on this please comment back I don't wanna get rid of the phone but its looking like imma have it :/

the phone has good presentation is convenient to use the camera is regular and transfer images per Bluetoooth and look a little ugly live in Venezuela and have had problems with coverage for Internet use are not if you buy the 2 teams or are all these models, in Venezuela can not be used 3G.la stack although I'm not using the internet if full of moments does not last long.
