
Hello,  I purchased the product because it was presented as new.  I received it in no time but when I examined the unit, one of the sim card slot is broken.  At first I am okay with it but now the battery is dwindling. I have to charge the battery morning and afternoon otherwise I will have a dead cellphone.  I paid so much for the unit expecting a better cellphone thinking that I will be satisfied with the unit but not at all.

I received a brand new phone in original packaging with wall charger and battery.The phone feels sturdy and solid.The charge with medium usage lasts appx one day.I love this phone I'm thinking of getting one for my son.

great item and its in goood shape .this sell is a good to his or hers. That's why they get 5 stars .

I've used this phone for about a week.  I have an AT&T; GoPhone account and simply switched my current SIM into this phone after it arrived.  The phone is labeled AT&T; and came in the original AT&T; packaging, although, the box had been opened previously.  I also put a T-mobile SIM in the phone to check that it was unlocked and it worked as advertised.I bought this phone to replace my current prepaid phone which was several years old and to use with a local SIM when I travel overseas.  I am not a heavy social media or streaming media user so I will mainly use wi-fi for data, but the phone does work with AT&T;'s HSPDA network.  It has Android Gingerbread, which suits my needs, but it is not upgradeable to anything more recent.  I assume you could root it and upgrade, but I haven't looked into that.

I can not use the phone with any carrier of my country. I'm from Venezuela.I asked the operator network code. I need your help

I bought this for my pre-teen daughter.  Its perfect!  The size is perfect for a teenager.  I have a difficult time with the key pad because my fingers are too big.  I like the idea that it's a sturdy phone.  I still put a hybrid case on it, just in case and its still not too bulky.  My daughter loves the phone!  I recommend it for teenagers!

The Best and sturdiest phone I have ever seen. It arrived as scheduled and in new condition as stated. I definitely would recommend you buy this phone if looking for a rugged, sturdy, yet dependable phone. I highly recommend the seller too!. Thanks

After years of happiness with the Motorola Defy, I switched to this phone. It feels sturdy and has great reception!In the two months I have had it I could not be happier. Would definitely recommend this phone. Especially for the price.

The glass broke from a slow motion fall in my office from a 2.5 feet drop. And I said drop. It didn't have any additional speed added on the fall. It didn't even bounce from the fall. When I picked it up, the glass was all cracked. I think it is fair to assume it is not dust and waterproof anymore either, as there are crack lines with space in between(yes, some fine glass pieces got loose).For the price I paid for this phone I could have purchased a better one with a rugged case and would have been much better off.The worst part is that when I went to Samsung's website to claim on the warranty, it says that warranty doesn't cover for physical damage (ie. a cracked screen).Now why would they say that it stands 6.6 feet drops, when it doesn't and then just don't repair it under warranty.Samsung is just lying to you, and they don't stand by their products or neither care for their customers.Bad policy Samsung.

After much research I decided to purchase this phone for my internation travals.  I read about thegreat battery life and durability of this phone.  I just returned from the Philippines and I must say,This phone is crap.  My use for this phone was simple.  Texting and the use of two messengers (Viber andFB messenger).  I couldn't believe how quick the battery would die while running 3g.  I thought this was one ofthe better smartphones for battery life (Thanks bogus reviews!!).  I had to carry my charger everywhere.I never had this problem with other phones. The two apps seems to overwhelm the phone.  Screen constantly freezing,hanging, or just black screened.And as far as durabilty goes, the button to power on the led light fell off lol.  After a week of use??  I wish I couldreturn this phone because I would do it in a heart beat.  I've purchased many items in the past and I never wrote a negativereview before.  I guess based on the inconvenience this phone brought to my trip back home.  I felt it was right.I would only recommend this phone to people I dont like haha

i am pissed...got the phone and it did not work with my sim card.i  want a refund...phone is cool but whats the purpose if i cant use my sim. the sim works well on other phones.

It still has some bugs that need to be worked out. All in all it is durable.  There is some static when talking to other people though.

I guess it's just fine but as I stated, it's my first smart phone so I didn't have large expectations.  My only issue is the battery life, but from what I hear, it is right there with all the others.

no funciona el auricular y tampoco el reproductor de musica del celular al pareser es el software , tan malo

First the qualifier. I am not a computer geek so I don't need the absolute latest computer gimmicks. I want a cell phone that works easily, is GSM so I can use it in my travels around the world, has easy compatibility with my essential Skype and GoogleVoice, accesses the internet, and lets me check the occasional email, and has an adequate screen and letters so I don't have to pull out my reading glasses to use it, and of course has WiFi- which many waterproof phones don't have.The only negative for me is all the downloaded and non-removable ATT rubbish that I don't like with my T-Mobile use. But that is just an irritation.Sorry to be sexist but I love this man's phone. I can use it on the windsurfing beach with blowing sand and salt spray without worry. I went on the belt and suspenders principle and put a cheap case on the already sturdy exterior so it easily takes the bumps and bruises of travelling and use in less than ideal conditions. And it is fun to dunk it in the water glass when I am at a restaurant with people not familiar with this phone.i love it.

Solid piece of hardware. I love the waterproofing and dedicated flashlight button.That said, it is a little outdated as far as horsepower goes. Starting the camera takes time, multitasking is nearly impossible, and games like Fruit Ninja are unplayable. Does it work? Yes. Would I recommend it? No. Look for a waterproof phone with at least a dual-core processor or better.

Unlocked phone works for everything but mm mail. If you need to receive picture messages this phone is not for you.  If you work for a living and need a phone that can survive your job, as well as learn to use email for photos instead of mm text then look no further.  It may not text well in a hot shower, but who needs that anyway.  If you are using it for an at&t plan then you should have no trouble sending the video you take swimming the tropical atlantic to your friends. Further more this phone can survive were you can not -60 to 160 degrees F. At those temps I hope there is an app for calling rescue. Don't break another overpriced phone with this bad boy you don't need a defender.

This is amazing very good cell phone and the android is so fast. The camera is xcelent i can take my pictures in the water

I really wanted to like this phone, however it's almost impossible for me. I'm not sure if I got a dud, but the phone is very slow and the battery life isn't what I expected.If you're looking at the specs for this phone, it seems just about unbeatable. The fact that its processor is clocked at a faster speed than the iPhone 5 and the 2 main cameras shoot at considerably high resolution are really appealing. However, take note of the small amount of RAM that will slow down the phone if you have more than 2 apps open at a time. Also, the processor is only single core, as opposed to dual core, which produces better performance and multitasks much better. The screen size is nice, it takes a while for your fingers to get used to typing when using it in portrait mode, but it comes with time. When you see the screen it appears to be smaller than 3.7 inches, probably because of the thick rubber surrounding it. There are a lot of issues that stop this phone from being what it really could be.The software I have is Android 2.3.6 with Samsung's Touchwiz 4.0 on top.The reason I got this phone was because I have a Pantech Crossover that broke and I needed a quick replacement. I must say I like the original Android much better than with the Touchwiz added on. I think that it slows down the phone (Or it may not, as I said I might've gotten a bad phone) because the screen, instead of fading off, goes completely off, then flashes my lock screen for a few seconds. The Pantech I had fades off and it's a lot more appealing. I've also tried and tried to use the resizable widgets, but on every widget I've tried it won't allow me to do so.Concerning music, I use iTunes music files on my SD card. My previous phones (Nokia E71x and Pantech Crossover) could both read the files, but for some reason this phone won't. Now, it may not be an issue for people who use MP3 files all the time, but the only songs my phone could put into a proper folder (like artist, album, and song) was the MP3 files. All of the iTunes files go in as &#34;unknown artist&#34;, and I've tried changing the names on my phone, but nothing will properly sort them, they'll always be an unknown artist.I can confirm that yes, this phone is waterproof! and shock proof, too. I took a video dunking this phone in water and it came out alright, however the video freezes when underwater. I think this might be the Android system detecting the phone's in water (yes, it can do that) and is trying to stop the phone from doing anything. I dropped the phone on the floor plenty of times, even a concrete floor, and it was unscathed. That's the feature I really like about this phone.Now onto the camera. I like the camera on the phone, the front one is a little dark, but otherwise it's a good picture taker. The colors seem true to the real world and it has lots of settings, thanks to the Touchwiz. The front facing camera doesn't have a very wide viewing angle, so lots of times when taking pictures with my friends its hard to fit them all in the picture, and the image often comes up blurry. The video on the back camera is nice, the video is smooth and audio is acceptable for a smartphone. I haven't tried with the front but I'm assuming the quality wouldn't be too high.Now, onto battery life. ugh. When I first got the phone, the battery life fluctuated greatly, and for about a month it was great. I'd get 2 or 3 days on the battery and I was perfectly content with the phone. Then came the day when it dropped so much I had lost 80% within 10 hours. Then the day after it dropped 40% overnight. After that week of having to bring the charger to school the battery got okay again. It never went back to what it was before, but I was happy to get 2 days max out of it. Now, since about the start of November it's been draining super fast. One night it lost 70% charge right after charging it to 100%. The battery consumption app that comes preloaded says that either it's the display or the Android OS that is taking up about 50-60% of the battery usage. I'm not even sure if I want to try and get a new battery, I think it's the phone that's draining all of the power, rather than the batteryThis phone also takes a standard SIM card (thankfully) and can take up to 32 GB of microSD storage. Overall, I don't think this phone is capable of performing lots of tasks well, because of the limited RAM that it has and the single core processor. Software wise I liked the standard OS, I think Samsung's Touchwiz just slows down the phone a lot, sometimes taking about 10 seconds for widgets and apps to load on the home screen. That's also probably the reason why the Pantech, even though much cheaper and less powerful handled Android much better. I do really like the ruggedness of the phone, and the expandable storage. However the horrible battery life is enough to make me want to buy an entirely new phone. Luckily I bought this when it was only $140, not over $200. I got the phone in September and have tried to be open minded, but it's just impossible, maybe I'm just unlucky and got a dud as i said earlier, but even so there are too many issues for me to consider it again

it very slow for a 4G plus it dose stick a lotso NO i will not tell my friends aboutso them lie on the box this phone is not a fast phoneeven to place a call it slow to do that

I needed a ruggedized smart phone. There were 2 choices, this and Motorola; and I really dislike Motorola's software.After 3 months, workng outside every day, the phone has been flawless. I realize it's not the latest software version, and I don't mind. I'm not a bleeding edge kind of guy. It phones when I need it to, it texts when I need it to, and it webs when I need it to.It started out needing a charge every day. As I got more familiar with it, I got that down to a charge every 3-5 days.My only complaint is a minor one... it does buzz or rattle a little bit when on speaker. Then again, an outside environment often is noisy, so I have to keep the volume up.04 June 2013 EDIT-----In case it helps anyone, I'm using the phone thru one of the smaller providers (which I'm very happy with. I just don't know if I'm allowed to identify them, here.) on ATT's network. The provider got me up and running with no trouble, and all has been fine.

durable, water resistant, decent camera, internet email and facebook work decently, freezes alot, wont make calls some times... can be irritating.

I dropped it off my bike 4 foot high on the street boom cracked the whole screen now the screen doesnt work and the manufacture will not give me a new one so 150 down the drain

Dropped it 2 feet onto a counter and the screen cracked! so much for it being a rugged device :/

I got the phone in and the internet dose not work on the phone it said unlocked but when I treys to set it up the I was told the phone was not compleat lay unlocked

Phone is in perfect shape. I love it. I am so very glad to be done withmy iPhone i am an android person. I am very happy with the quality, service and delivery time.

I don't use a lot of apps, but the limited RAM on this (350MB, I believe) is so low that it is noticeable even when opening/closing the email app. Also, after less than a week, suddenly the internet browser stopped working when connected to wi-fi. It works over data and there is clearly an internet connection because I get email while on wi-fi. Will be returning it.

Not so happy with that since I have grandkids  that I don't see to often that's important to me. Maybe someone can give some tips to get around this. Or this a common problem with this phone

great phone even on prepay but i suggest regular contract for added features and to get the radio feature to chat with others

I bought this brand new.  And the on/off switch wouldn't work.  I can't say much in favor of it when it comes in this condition.  It is obvious that the plant inspector failed his job.

I tried to use Family Mobile but the sales person couldn't get it to work. So I went to ATT and paid $25 for a sim card and 250 min. and unlimited text. I have wi-fi at home and this phone does it well. With the first charge the battery lasted almost 3 days, that's with me messing with the phone almost every 5 min. The display is fine with me and the ringer is loud. So far the call quality is great. I get 4g at my house sometimes. The internet works just fine although I haven't used it much and don't plan to. Next month I'm going to the ATT go phone $40 plan that has 500 min. unlimited texts and 200mg. of data. I'm very pleased so far.

Your better off to buy a used IPhone and I dont even like Iphones that much. They failed to make the hardware powerful enough to run the OS and anything else.

Since this was an unlocked phone, I was surprised to find that I couldn't get data and make this phone work on my network. It's a great phone other than that, but of course I couldn't tell you how service is.I called every customer service place i could. AT&T; since it was sold by them orginally. Samsung. My network. I even tried a third party tech place and they couldn't help me.

the phone came on time and in good shape the seller is also i reasonable person the samsung i847 is well built and new brand just like i ordered i am impressed with the screen it bright well sealed strong back when its closed and very well built i would recommend people to buy from orient trading the seller is really great and products are on time.

The perfect cell-phone for me.  I needed rugged and smaller than the Galaxy S3.  I have used a Galaxy S3 for a year.  I have used the Rugby Smart for over a month. Fits in my hand better and has textured back.  The Galaxy S3 is a great phone but the shell is too slick.  I could never find a case that would hold it with the protective rubber back on it. All the cases were made for the phone without any added casing.  The Rugby Smart has a slightly smaller screen but not too small.  I can do everything I did with the Galaxy S3 and enjoy the Rugby's size and feel.  A little easier to carry in my shirt pocket but I also use a belt carrier and there are plenty of them that fit. There are some features and settings on the Galaxy S3 that this phone does not have but after using the Rugby for a while I do not miss them.  If the screen size is and issue and you want a slightly larger screen there is a new Rugby with a screen the same size as the Galaxy S3. I do not remember the exact name but I saw it at the ATT store after I bought the Rugby Smart.  I think I like the Rugby Smart as well if not better than I would the new Rugby because of size for me.

I like much everything about the phone. Its light weight for its size, it has great picture quality, very user friendly, the keypad is kind of small but still easy to use. It came with a lot of apps already on it which most of them I dont even use. Really the only thing that I dislike about the phone is the camera you cant zoom in to take a close picture. I love the fact that it is a strong upholding phone and is set to last and is water proof and hard to break...however I haven't tried to see if it was water proof and dont plan on trying!

Great phone. Went with a prepaid plan and love it. Saved 50 dollars on mt monthly bill by doing so. I would recomend this phone to anyone. I love it.

Got for my uncle, his first smart phone, so far he loves it, no hands on experience myself but he is raving about it.

Wanted rugged phone for work in harsh environment. Like pretty mach everything about it! Quality as expected. Using it for about 6 month. Dropped it a couple of times. Did not get it wet yet! Had it locking up on me a few times to the point of removing the battery for reset. But I think most smart phones do that periodically, Battery easily lasts for a couple of days with normal use. Decent camera and speaker.

does everything I need & easy to use, well put together, picture quality can say enough very happy with my purchase

Recomiendo el producto, recomiendo al vendedor, buena calidad excelente atenci&oacute;n, el equipo es compacto y resistente, tal como se indica

I bought this phone and it came unlocked as advertised.  The only issue is I didn't have any mobile data with my povider.  After spending some time doing research I found out you have to manually set up your APN settings.  Your provider should have a page with these settings on it.Here was mine for example.[...]

Researched for a rugged water resistant phone and finally purchased Rugby Smart.  I love everything about this phone except one BIG issue!  The call quality absolutely sucks! Severe echo for people on other end (their own voice echos back to them after a 3-4 second delay)!  I will be sending back to vendor for replacement as it seems some of these phones are fine, maybe I just got a bad one, but if the replacement is the same I will get something else.... So disappointed... A phone should be a PHONE FIRST?  Should've ponied up for the Sony Xperia Acro S but no..... I cheaped out and blew it...

This is a replacement phone for my husband. HIs last phone was run over by a car. He loves this phone as he works in construction and this phone stands up to all the abuse it goes through day to day. Its water proof and dust proof.

Nice phone and good value for money. There are so many flimsy phones out there at the moment, it's nice to hold one in your hand that feels sturdy and isn't going to smash to pieces if you drop it.  I find it's the perfect size for a smartphone - not too big, but still big enough to have a decent screen, and surprisingly good-looking for a rugged phone.  The screen brightness is good and everything looks pretty much crystal clear. The responsiveness of the interface and touch-screen are good overall and I didn't have any problems typing on the keyboard when held horizontal.Downsides are that it only has a single-core processor and there's relatively little RAM (512 MB), so it starts to lag a little as soon as you have a few apps open.  Any complex webpages have to be loaded on-the-fly, so be prepared for some checkerboarding as you scroll around in the default browser, but it's nothing you won't be able to live with. Also, it's pretty annoying prying open the flap that covers the USB port every time you need to recharge.Unfortunately, I'm marking the product down two notches because the phone I received was clearly not new.  It came in an open AT&T; box, and although the screen was clean and new-looking, there was a significant amount of dust inside the back cover and there were chips and scratches on and around the flaps that cover the earphone jack and USB port. This is the third time I've received a 'new' phone I bought over the internet that turned out to be not exactly new, so apparently there's some unscrupulous antics going on somewhere!  Then again, you can't even buy these phones new and unlocked (as far as I can tell) - someone had to open it up and use it in order to unlock it, so the very phrase 'new' starts to become suspect. In the end, you just have to trust the seller to give you something that's at least a close enough approximation to new that you won't notice the difference...

Good cell phone! It is my first Android experience, and it has been very pleasant.It could be better if it had a grater RAM memory.

This phone is great. It does everything it claims and is also very nice as far as smartphones go..if u need a smartphone that wont break easily this is it

Brand new. Nice size. Nice screen. Nothing to dislike yet.We'll see if it can withstand the abuse of the Smartphone Destroyer, aka my spouse.Meanwhile I'm going to buy another for myself.

Realy tough phone but very slow once you put on the normal range of apps like viber and whatapp, it has done the job for me.

Great quality product, fast shipping! Very pleased with my purchase and will recommend phone to friends and family who are looking to buy one.

it meets all the needs I currently have at my job.  It has a little more than what I need, it is also harder to navigate when apps are open.  I tend to use two at a time and this one I still haven't figured out how.

This phone is locked, NOT unlocked as represented in the advertisement. So far, Amazon has told me to contact Samsung. Samsung will not help, have to contact AT&T. Will wait to see if they will help. This is NOT what, in good faith, I paid for and so far the post transaction service has been unhelpful. Could Amazon please just supply the unlock code and make it simple?

This phone is very durable, and compact.  Occasionally it will hang up and I'll have to reset it by pulling the battery for a second and then putting it back in.  My wife's phone of the same kind doesn't do this.  It doesn't happen very often though.  The CPU on the phone seems adequate but the memory is a little low, luckily it has a tool for clearing programs out of ram memory which speeds it up.  I will probably shop for a newer Rugby when I decide I need a new phone.

I have one of the latest, greatest all singing and dancing Samsung cells.  But... I'm in the infantry and wanted to take my phone out in the field as I thought some of the Android apps could be pretty helpful.  However, I didn't want to take an expensive cellphone out in the boonies and kill it off within a matter of hours or days.  I saw this phone priced here at $149 and figured I wouldn't cry too much if I destroyed the phone.  Was a little concerned about the "this phone ain't unlocked" reviews, but figured I'd just return it if that was the case.After arrival, slipped in the SIM card.  Instant success, no messing around for provider access/calls.  Sinc'd it up with my existing cellphone - sidenote: the full Kies version worked with the phone until I upgraded the firmware to the latest version through Kies, then Kies apparently decided it was a Blackberry or Iphone or something like that and wouldn't work anymore.  However, I found that Kies Air still worked after the firmware upgrade, so it was all good and sinc'ing and administering the phone is still good to go.Then decided there was no time like the present to test the toughness on the phone, while the packaging was still on the table.  Filled the kitchen sink with water and threw the phone in there for about 20 minutes while I went outside and mowed the lawn.  Made a call to the phone when I got back in - somewhat amusing to see the screen come alive and hear it ringing at the bottom of the sink.  Waterproof?  Check.  Held it at shoulder level and dropped it on the floor a couple of times.  Disclaimer: I dropped it to land on an edge or the back, not where the screen would land on an object.  Phone still worked.  Rugged?  Check.Off it went to work with me.  It sat in my webbing out in the field, got banged by rifle magazines, my rifle, assorted thumps from being dropped on the ground, thrown in the carrier, etc.  Got wet in a couple of rainstorms.  Sand and mud and dirt a lot.  Covered in food after a foil package of food next to it in my pack ruptured.  And it still worked when I hauled it out to do something with it.  I'm not going to worry about whether it has buttercup status or not anymore...I did equip it with a Zagg screen saver however - those things are tough and trustworthy, I have been using them on GPS units for about five years now and they are incredible glass protectors.So my phone is unlocked, it does work as advertised as soon as I slipped my SIM card in there, and it is rugged.How does it perform?  I am not a Jedi Master power smartphone user needing maximum computing power and Niagara Falls levels of data volume input/output.  I rarely enable the data functionality because 4G data plans here are stupid expensive and usually out of range anyways.  But it does connect when enabled and do what it is supposed to do for my purposes.  I use a lot of Wi-Fi instead as Wi-Fi is much more available and Skype phone/video calls are much cheaper for me.  Seems to have reception/transmission as good as my superphone, so I'm happy with that.  Whether using the actual cellphone or Skype to make calls, sound quality in/out is good.Computing power.  I don't run around with a bunch of apps running, watching Netflix, whatever.  I don't have a game on it, and the most complex software I have running typically is DualSportMaps for it's offline mapping/tracking features.  Skype and Firefox often will be sitting there in the background at the same time.  None of these have been sufficient to give me any grief with the fact this doesn't have the latest and greatest computing power and Android operating system.  For a user like me, this version of the OS and the computing power is more than ample.I don't use the camera very often, as I much prefer a real camera to get the image quality I want, but have messed with it a bit out of curiosity.  It takes surprisingly good pictures, including fairly closeup pictures of coins, fishing flies, etc with pretty good detail.  My guess is most people would find the spur of the moment pics it would take on the beach, at the restaurant, the family pet, etc more than acceptable.Summary: for me, the phone I received was exactly as advertised, is as tough as advertised, and does everything I want it to do.  If I do destroy it eventually, I'll figure I got my money's worth by then.  In fact, I'm thinking of buying another and putting it away as a backup.  If you're a heavy data plan user, or need a lot of computing power, then maybe this phone will disappoint you.  For that, perhaps the successor Rugby Pro at about $250 more is more suitable with a dual core processor, more internal memory, etc.  Camera specs, video, screen specs, etc, everything else between the two is pretty much the same.But for a user like me, a phone this tough that can slip in a shirt pocket and do everything I ask of it is just about perfect.

I bought this unlocked phone so that I could use it with my T-Mobile network.  It did work when I put my sim card in.  However the phone seems to have some annoying glitches.  It is very very slow to load applications or do anything.  My apps sometimes stop working and I have to re download them.  Several times a day I try to send a text message but it will say &#34;message not deliverable&#34;.  The only way to get that message sent to is re-start your phone.  I end up re-starting my phone several times a day to get it to work.

Im sure it would have been a great phone if it wold have actually worked, but it looked as if it had already been opened prior to me receiving it.

Make no mistake as this is a rugged phone. I have it and it's been dropped out of a 20' tree stand, douced with salt water, and survived many other traumas that other phones might not have survived. I bought one for my wife as she's lost phones that were later found by a metal detector in a compost pile!However, the negatives are as follows:It has a slow processor and little memory. It's not the phone to surf the web with.Its speaker does not have a lot of volume.It has a short battery life in that it will not go more than 18 hours without a charge.Its reception is poor. I had Tundra previously that beat this hands down for pulling in a signal.Then GPS sometimes takes a LONG time to find a signal and will lock the phone up so bad that the only way to reboot it is to remove the battery.It does not tell you you&#8217;ve missed calls or texts. You must check for them.It comes loaded with ATT male bovine droppings, that, of course, the end used cannot remove.one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven thelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty more words due to Amazons idoitic &#34;editing&#34; software requirements.

The phone works great, the screen is HD and the pictures are pretty good for being 5MP. Im not giving 5  start just because is a little slow sometimes due to its low RAM memory.

This is a Great phone,  it can take a beating, battery life is good. I would buy this phone again.

I had  few issues getting it on a MetroPCS carrier once the T-mobil merger (or whatever it was) went through,  As for the pheon itself, it was a decent camera and is waterproof but i dont test fate, just know I dont have to worry when i leave it in the pocket at work, bc im a lifeguard.  I have had the hardest time rooting it though.  The only con I see is that if I leave screen rotation enabled, I cant type so the full keyboard is crap.  Might just be my phone tho, pending research.

Sturdyoverall;  difficult to charge  hard to insert charger.  Also, when removing back to put sim card in back very flims

I bought mine from the Daily Cellular. Ordered it at 748pm on Friday and it got here a little under 12 hours later. I loved that part.** I do not know if it is a brand new device**1) Did not come in a Samsung Rugby AT&T; branded box. It came in a generic AT&T; box. The type a refurbished or replacement phone would come in. Generic labels like: Camera, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth etc. Nothing actually about the true specs of the phone. No user guide came with it either. A quick start up guide but no actual manuel. Not an issue for me but some my find it troublesome. it came with the AT&T; "Texting can wait" sticker on the screen but that means nothing2) I received it with a small scratch on the bottom left hand corner on the front facing side of the device. & it looks like a small piece of plastic on the back battery door lock screw came off, it does not affect the cover from staying on or the water proof seal.I understand since this is a unlocked GSM phone they would have to take it out and type in an unlock code to... unlock it but not sure why it didn't come in original boxing.& I don't know if it is actually unlocked. I emailed them and said it is. Straight Talk works on locked AT&T; phones so if someone was to stick a T-Mobile card in there, I would not know the outcome.How I feel about the phone its self after having it for a few days? I LOVE IT!I have owned a Samsung Fascinate, Palm Pixi, HP Veer, iPhone 4, & Samsung Galaxy 3 and this is my favorite of them all yet.**The fact that it is a rugged device makes me feel better about it. I don't plan on dropping it or leaving it in extreme temperatures but the fact that it can withstand that helps. I have had successes with Samsung devices, I still use my Samsung Fascinate 2.5 years later after its been dropped a few times and its still functional. If this device can withstand my kinda use plus has rugged abilities, I'm expecting a good solid 3 years out of this device.**I was with Verizon for a while but now I switched to Straight Talk ( I activated this device on it). All me previous devices were on Verizon and the only thing I miss is the coverage.*Pros*-Feels great in my hands not bulky at all not heavy-Built well, nice soft rubbery feeling on the sides. (does have plastic on the back)-I actually like the physical buttons more instead of the touch buttons-Comes with a built in flashlight shortcut (hold up volume key when phone screen is locked)-Does't feel cheap. I know they say this is a mid range android device but with  a 1400mhz processor its just as fast as the top of the line phones-*It's Really Water Proof* That was a big turn on to me and I had to test it out. While I was in the shower I splashed it, dunked it in maybe 5 inches of water, still good. I also browed Youtube videos, Play Store, Netflix and used Skype. It has a microphone on the back so people can actually hear me and not the sound of all the water.  I don't know how rugged it is or how it can withstand extreme temperatures. I'm not going to purposely drop it but if I do, I feel comfortable knowing its supposed to be able to hold up.-Front and rear cameras both are great for Skype and photos respectively*Cons*-Runs Android Gingerbread: This IS NOT a big problem for me, I do not care about the style changed between android 2.0 and 4.0 but I do really miss Google Now.- Touch screen does not work well while in water. I understand why it doesn't (all the warm water on the screen confusing it) but texting did prove difficult while in the shower.Other than that, there is nothing I dislike. As I said, this is my favorite device I've ever had and hope it will be around for a while.

phone is very underpowered will not run multiple applications at the same time.it may have just been my phone that I received but shuts down randomly and battery life is not very good.if you're looking for a more resilient phone the Samsung Rugby pro would be better than this.

Good day, I am in venezuela Unlocked Samsung buys the GSM i847 Rugby Smart 4G 5MP Android 2.3.5 Military Standard MIL-STD 81F Touchscreen, which was liberated for any operator, on having ignited it requests me that it introduces the code for the unfreezing telephone that I it do not have, please to help myself with this code or to indicate that it must follow steps to be able to use the telfono here in venezuela .. thank you very much

Didn't like it. To small of a screen, thought it was a bigger phone.  Didn't work the way it should of.

Well from first day I got it I had put my sim card in it " at&t " and my SD card in it and closed it up like it said and I got the one year warranty with it so I put it to the test turned on my music and put it in a cup of water and let a some songs play... they sounded funny underwater buy the way and I did get a shock proof case for it cause the drop reviews weren't very good but IV dropped my phone of a roof and hit a side walk working fine. The only bad I found is it locks up from time to time and I have to pull the battery out. Almost 2 years now still working

This product came missing the back of the phone. (I know weird) When I contacted the seller about this they gave me a link to the back of the phone and told me to purchase it myself and that they were going to reimburse me for it. Sounded like a scam to me so I just returned the phone. I have heard great things about this phones durability, but the transaction scared me out of keeping the phone.

I had my doubts buying this phone. The phone arrived in an AT&T; box, but had no significant information about the device inside. I opened it and found everything as pictured, 1 phone, 1 battery, 1 wall charger, 1 micro USB cable. I popped in the battery and sim card and I was ready to go. The phone works perfectly, despite being replaced by the Rugby Pro and now Galaxy s4 Active its still a phone that can hold its own. I'd recommend this to anyone that is just now getting into Android. I bought this phone for my 55 year old Father in-law. He has already mastered the talk to text feature on the phone.Based on this price point, its definitely the way to go.

It's exactly as stated and I love it, it's freakin awesome!! came in a day before the expected date and is for sure brand new

this thing was busted in about 1 week... if you need a rugged phone... this aint it!!!  Save your money its a complete joke.

I've purchased refurbished equipment before and its always been in pristine condition when it arrived.  This phone's case showed scratches and dents such that it has obviously visited a construction site or two.  The marks are impossible to remove and its evident that the phone was dropped multiple times.  I wanted to try it out and if not for me then I could sell it in near new condition.  Having said that, the phone works fine but has an older version of the operating system, with no ability to upgrade that I can find.Would be better if it was advertised as slightly used, not New.
