
I paid 59$ for this phone back in March and it was absolutely worth it. Be sure to clear data on apps every now and then so it won't jam up ...other than.that great phone!

Worth the cost had the phone a month or more and am overall satisfied. The touch screen is very sensitive but snick touch screen isnt

Discovered the hard way that you CAN NOT get warranty service on this phone if it was purchased from Amazon. Not without a ton of hassle anyway. Also, if you like to use your phone for GPS, it DOES NOT have a compass which makes much of the navigation useless.

First things first; this thing is inexpensive.  If you are just trying to be cost-effective for whatever reason, then you really can't go wrong with this phone.  Aside frrom the cost, the phone itself performs quite admirably.  I won't bother getting into the tech and specs, however I will comment on the phone overall.  It loads most apps with ease and of course comes with a micro sd port.  Voice and speaker clarity are top notch (if you actually use a phone for it's original purpose...) and texting is pretty accurate.  The only issue with texting is the voice text function.  It may or may not get exactly what you say, but when in interprets what you said, it could lead to some pretty big HAHA moments.  When using wifi, it connects really fast and you'll be surfing and streaming the web in no time.  Web browsing is fast and fluid which is always a plus.  If you're in-between phones/contracts or just looking for an extra or starter phone, this should be highly considered.

I had this phone for several months but made the mistake of leaving a review after only a few days. Huge mistake. I won't lie at first for sereral months the phone was alright. Then over the last few weeks I waisted trying to fix the phone it would be turned off and would shut itself back on. At first it would only do this once or twice a day...toward the end of my owning the phone, I couldn't use the phone at all because it was constantly powering on and off. I couldn't call, text and could barely see what time it was before it would shut back off. Needless to say, I was not pleased. My mother has the exact same phone she bought at the Family dollar that works just fine and that she has had longer than I had mine and has never had problem like that. Which every phone has at least one problem or another wether it is a technical problem or the phone itself just doesn't meet the customers expectation. In my case it was technical, so long story short I can't advise you to buy this phone but I can't advise you not too. Hope this helps.

THEY MAY HAVE OMNIPRESENT "SERVICE" BUT THE CUSTOMER SERVICE, CONTRACTS, ETC. ARE BELOW WHAT ONE EXPECTS AS AS POOR SERVICE.THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE IS HORRID. THEY SWEAR AT YOU ON THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE.I RECOMMEND T-MOBILE OVER AT&T; FOR SERVICE, CELL PHONES ETC.DR Z

I'm very happy with this phone. It's easy to use and view. The calls are clear and reception is great. I would like to be able to block numbers that are solicitors but so far have not been able to do so and I don't believe I am able to block calls on this particular model.

I bought the phone with an understanding that it was compatible with Straight Talk, simply because there were several comments from other users who were able to use their SIM card in the phone.  When I used my Straight Talk SIM card, it registered as incompatible.  Nice phone, great features, but I can't use it.

After a while, the text messaging is slow and gets slower when you send a message.  It has problems with sounds.  It either does not work or it barely works and when it does it's VERY low.  I don't like it when I turn it on.  When I unlock it, it goes straight to the camera so if I am in a hurry I have to keep switching that off.  There are way too many unnecessary icons.  Every time I accidentally touch it, the internet pops up.  On the bright side, the pictures are nice but after a while the pictures show up as a half-size picture & takes a while to come up as a full-size picture.  It is very frustrating.  I like the emergency alert.  If I had to choose again, I would never buy this product & I would go back to Verizon.

I like this little phone, although I have yet to get a more appropriate plan.  I talk mainly and text a little (another generation in age), but it can do everything you require from most smartphones - apps, web, text, camera, etc.  Having the GoPhone allows lower priced plans for those of us who don't use all of them.

He sold to me two phones that were not working, rusty and dirty.He added a note that once I open the package, it cannot be returned; please I need my money back.

I bought each of my kids ones of these for Christmas. My sons completely stopped working within days. Thank goodness it was replaced immediately. My daughters can no longer take or recieve pictures, after only 5 months. Waste of money, should have bought something a little more expensive and saved some hassle.

We purchased 2 of these phones in late September 2013. One was for a Christmas gift and was not opened or turned on until early in January 2014. It was at this time that we found that this Christmas phone did not work correctly (Wi-Fi did not work and the phone would not recognize the installed microSD card. Upon taking it to a nearby AT&T store it was discovered that the phone was defective. Upon contacting &#34;Talking Tree&#34; (the store that sold it on Amazon) we were informed that the warranty was only good for 60 days. Amazon's &#34;A to Z guarantee&#34; could not help because it was only good for 90 days. Essentially we were told (via email by &#34;Mark&#34; at Talking Tree) that we were out of luck.

I have had this phone for about four months and it possibly the worst phone I have ever had! The touchscreen does not work 4/5 times and it never locks or unlocks if it does. I can't do anything on the phone without it freezing on me and theres this annoying whistling in the speaker whenever I call someone! this is complete and utter bullsh*t. I bought it have a phone, not to not have one. It's an utter piece of junk!

I am loving this phone more than my earlier device -Xperia X10. Been using this phone since 3 months. NO ISSUES WHATSOEVER.

I bought this phone without doing a lot of research because my Windows mobile phone crapped out on me and I needed to get a new phone in a hurry. It is a heck of a lot better than my Windows phone but I sure wish I had done a little more research or actually spent a bit more money on the next version up. The keyboard is too small and the processor is pretty slow so texting is not a good user experience for me......and I am not a text-a-holic either. I do like the Android operating system much better than Windows, but it took me awhile to get familiar with it. For $50, I think this is a good phone for a first phone, but not someone who needs more from a phone.

Wife wanted to have some apps on the phone that our other ATT phone would not use as it was not an android phone.  This was a viable option as ATT want $250 a phone per line plus the price of the phone for any early upgrade.  So, you buy the go phone, swap sim cards give ATT the new serial numbers and away you go.  Great deal bought on Black Friday.

I bought this phone to use with a Straight Talk sim card.My server is still AT&T;, but with S.T. I get more services for less money.This is an awesome phone. It's fast, clear as a bell and holds a chargefor long periods of time, even while playing games. The picture qualityis great and video as well. Voice command is nice to have while your handsare busy. I'd recommend this phone to anyone who wants a well appointedandroid at a fair price. Two Thumbs Up!

i got this phone for my daughter and loaded it up with apps. she loves the phone. she hasn't had a single problem with the phone. she can call grandma, play games and the phone is surprisingly faster then i thought it would be.

I got this phone for my husband just to get started with an android and I fell in love with the phone and wanted it for myself but I was good I gave to him.

i really like this phone. the keys are a little small for my big fingers but the phone is all good

No, it is not a 5th generation IPhone, nor does it cost an inflated $600, but it will do 80%[efficiency] of what you need a smart phone for. Very nice case/feel. Screen clarity compares to my daughters IPhone-call reception is very good-Wi-Fi/Bluetooth/3G enabled-it does it all---linked very easily to my car---Wi-Fi reception is outstanding, and 3G connection gets the job done. Camera/video is adequate[3.2mp]; full access to all apps and updates; for $80 or less you cannot go wrong! BUY IT!

After a lot of research I finally decided to order this phone from Amazon as an upgrade for my old phone.;it arrived ahead of time with free shipping.If you want to use it only as a Pay as youGo and only need it for calls and text messages, DO NOT insert the the new SIM card that comes with it !. Take the SIM card from your old ATT PayGo, insert it in the new phone and discard the new one; all you have done at this point is upgrade your phone.It's amazing that for this low price,you can have an instrument with so many features and able to do many things.I put in my old SIM card and, immediately all my contacts were there,ready to go. The instructions are easy to follow (although I will never use many of the apps included). I also ordered from Amazon the case cover and the screen protectors, which I have just received today.If you want online intructions,you can go to [att.com] ,select: wireless ,go to: device how to center, type your phone model and there are a lot of instructions for you to follow.For what I need ,this phone is perfect, light in weight,thin and good looking .

this phone works flowlessly.has a good battery life and its small and lightweight.it works good on the android system. its not like the galaxy 4.but it works just as well and i have no regets about buying if you are looking for a smartphone and have some cash left this is the phone for you

It gives you the same amenities as the other pricier phones for an incredible price....Thought it is a little slow a times, this is something you could bear with....I think its a really really good phone over all...

This is the first time I have probably ever written a negative review or given such a low rating, but trust me, there are only two reasons ANYONE would buy this phone.1. You're one of those types of people who doesn't care what kind of phone they have, but you would like an android because you have heard so many people talk about having &#34;Droids&#34;.2. You are not into technology and you don't care about processing power or speed or having powerful apps or having a decent music player that comes standard with the phone.You know what, I said 2 reasons, let me add a third.3. Your young kids have been begging you for a cell phone and you want a low cost android that will make them think they are getting something cool, when you know its just cheap.

Other than trying to figure out some of it's features, all in all it's been a very good phone. For the price you pay, one can't complain.

I am in love with this phone!!! I couldn't ask for a better one. I am so glad that I decided to buy it.

I purchased this as a gift for my Dad who has Consumer Cellular service. He had never had a smartphone before, so I wanted to start him off on something not too complicated, just a good android phone that does the basics. He reports that this was easy to set up & navigate. The phone is lightweight & just what he wanted. I searched high & low for a good unlocked smartphone at a low price. This was far & away the best I could find. If you are in the market for a smartphone to surf the internet, deposit checks, play games, etc., I think this one is pretty great.

I do not have one negative comment about this phone. Clear call up and down the East Coast during all types of weather. The camera is above average. All Android apps that I have selected are awesome.

this phone sucks. I cant send or receive picture messages. when I do. it takes forever. Id probably get the pictures faster through regular postal mail.

I didn't expect too much from this phone, but I was pleasantly surprised. Shipping was fast. The phone has everything a touch screen android phone has to offer. I've used Iphone 4, Ipod touch, Ipad, and Nexus 7 before and I'm very familiar with those kind of devices. The only downside of the Fusion is the touch screen keyboard is not as sensitive as the other devices, but still acceptable. For the price it is really a good deal.

Phone came as promised in excellent shape! Very satisfied. A+ on everything! Was so excited that I received before Christmas!

This phone was a great buy. Affordable for one. That was the biggest eye grabber. When I received it ON EXPECTED delivery date the phone was light, slim, and made with a sleek design. I mean, everything was as described of the phone with everyone elses' reviews and it is a great buy for someone looking to start their smartphone uses.

I have to admit I expected some cheap knock off of a phone for a pay as you go phone but that's certainly not what I received.  I bought this phone for my teenage son basically for emergencies and texting and he loves it. Granted, it has only been up and running for a few days but we have not noticed any problems with it so far.  I will update my review after he has been using it for a few months and let you know how the performance has been.I too am one of those who inserted the old SIM card into this phone and do not use a data plan (you can actually disable mobile data on it) so this will work.  Some things I really like about this phone:  The phone has awesome graphics and a camera.  The screens swipe to view additional screens.  It does have a device lock which is a bonus for teenagers trying to maintain their privacy.I don't want to dis anyone but I do have a comment for others who compare this phone to an iPhone or any other high end smartphone (apples to oranges) and that is, simply put, that you get what you pay for.  Pay as you go is a cheap plan with cheap phones. It is unfair to compare them to an iPhone or any other smartphone, they can't even compete.  It's not going to do the things a high end smartphone can do and it's not going to perform like a high end smartphone because it's not.  I am an HTC One X user and I can honestly say that I am very impressed with this phone.  Great starter smartphone for anyone and I highly recommend it - so far!

This was bought for a person who can't seem to hold onto his phone - whether by dropping it or leaving it somewhere, I can't tell you how many he's gone through in the last 2 years! So the replacement needed to be something that would be no more than $100 and that would not have a relatively advanced user wanting to throw it at the wall for being slow or stupidly designed or bad reception or whatever, as so many of the less expensive phones are guilty of.This phone, instead, did everything that was asked of it, with reasonable proficiency, so much so that when - you guessed it! - this one was broken, it's the same model that we once again replaced it with. :)

Really satisfied with the Fusion 2. It's my first Android phone. I moved from a standard non-smartphone on a standard monthly plan to a GoPhone plan. I did not want a data plan, but wanted Wi-Fi at home and at work. It's possible with this phone.One thing I thought I would mention is that if you want the 10 cents a minute pay-as-you-go plan, it seems to me that AT&T; makes it difficult for you to select this plan when activating from either the phone, or activating from the website. I simply could not find the option. You can only select 1 of 3 plans when activating from the phone, and they are all monthly packages. And if you can find the 10 cents a minute plan on the website, they make you &#34;add a device&#34;, and this device is not in the compatible device list. You will find a land line number in the book that comes with the phone, call this number and you can select the 10 cents a minute plan. I suppose you can go to an AT&T; store, or talk with someone. The live chat folks could not even tell me how to do it on the website. If you call the phone number listed in the book that comes with the phone, you will go through an automated procedure that will allow you to select the 10 cents a minute plan. Just say no when they ask if you have a smartphone.I also had trouble trying to cancel my monthly service and port my number to the GoPhone. I called and was told to go to the store, the store told me to call. No one would get it done. If you want to port your number, I would recommend just talking with the GoPhone customer service, they were fantastic and got it done.You can root the phone as well, and then remove all the apps you do not want, it comes with a lot of stuff you won't want. But the rooting process does not interfere with your service, minutes you paid for, etc..Great starter Android phone!

So my first "smartphone" crashed within a year of purchase. It was a go phone and I know how warranties go so I didn't get one. I figure phones will only last me about two years and then it's time for a new one..I got shorted a year. That phone was a ZTE something..which was also a android go phone.I'm not much of techy, I'm pretty much a "cell retard" so here it goes.So far what I like about this phone.The sound is good as far as calls and video quality is pretty good.I upload to Facebook/Youtube/Instagram pretty fastThe picture quality is good, especially outside or well lit areas (I have no idea how to adjust anything, so I just snap and roll with what I get)There are lots of apps already on the phone..of which again I have no idea what they are for instance Pops? and I could do without Uno or Bejeweled as well as a couple of other apps that are on there.I love my GPS..if you have been reading so far...I tend to be lost a lotAs for the phone so far the only thing I don't like is the position of the camera there should be another button on the side or something to make it easier to take pics of myself...I'm very vain, I can't find the button when I can't see it, and I'm trying to get my pose on. Oh and this one I have not figured out how to turn the camera sound off. So it's hard for me to sneak pics of my friends acting up.So far I like the phone, I haven't read the book and I pretty much just play with it to figure out what it does. Simple enough for me.The only thing I could complain about is the ATT SERVICE IN MY AREA WHICH SUCKS!!UPDATE**********08/26/13YAY ME!! I finally figured out how to silence my camera..by silencing the whole darn phone.I also figured out that I do not like the fact that I don't have the option of multi-select when I am deleting my phone log. Either you delete them one by one or keep them all.Also, I don't like that when I delete certain messages in a thread it takes me way to the top of the thread, but maybe that I can deal with.#ATT SERVICE IN MY AREA STILL SUCKS..phone is fine.

Seriously. If you're thinking about it, don't. I have had it for a little over a month and I have to replace it. If you Google AT&T Fusion 2 most of the searches have to do with problems-namely that it turns itself on and off. You can try rebooting it but it will only work for a day or two. I am to the point of having to do a factory reset and lose all my contacts and messages. So unless you really love crappy products, or being frustrated, or having something to write an angry review about, do NOT buy this phone. Really though. Like, back click right now and pay a little more for something that will last more than a minute.

You should leave the data turned on so it well not restart and you don't have to have a data plan I dont and the phone has not restarted sense it works for me and I love the phone.

It's a step up from my last phone.  The battery does not last too long.  Not even close to what the tester found.Must charge every night.

These phones are amazing.  The technology is top notch.The quality and ease of use is unsurpassed by any phone I have used.

Not bad but not great either. It does not take much to make these phones lag. Also not able to select live wallpapers. Ok for basic text, calling and that's about it really.  I wish ATT would start to offer better optionS for Gophones.

I had an iPhone 4 that I actually paid full price for and turned into an AT&T; GoPhone.  Long story short -- I didn't think I'd need access to a data plan, which you can't get on an iPhone unless you pay the ridiculous price of at least $70 a month and lock yourself into a 2 yr. contract, but I did need access to some on my MAC documents and syncing was so easy between the MacBook Pro and the iPhone 4. But I wound up with over $200 worth of unused minutes on the GoPhone plan that, as this is pretty much a casual-use phone, I knew I'd never use up.  So, I decided to use all that money just sitting in my GoPhone account by switching to the Fusion 2 Android phone at the $25 a month plan, and buying a $5 a month data plan -- which has turned out to be a great choice.I don't use the internet much on the phone, but on a few occasions I've found it valuable, especially retrieving important email I was waiting for.  I've found a great program called SmoothSync (paid about $2.50 for it) that syncs my iCal calendar with a great free calendar program called Business Calendar - a life saver.  I found a great app called Zedge where I get free ringtones and great wallpaper.  I use a Brother printer and with the Brother app I can print from my Fusion2. I lucked out over the holiday and got OfficeSuite Pro 6 free and the free A.I.Type Keyboard with the Swipe function -- which is a true marvel.  I've got all my AngryBird games, my Kindle app for reading my books while waiting at the doctor's office, and a ton of other goodies -- all for free on Amazon's Android Apps site and on Google Play.I really love this phone and will never go back to an iPhone -- the price is absurd, the iPhone is heavier in my purse, Apple won't allow you to use it with a data plan without locking in for 2 yrs. to $70 a month plan, you can't get apps except thru the App Store unless you jailbreak you phone.  With the Fusion 2 GoPhone I now have access to the internet and am not locked into a contract of any kind, I can get great apps from different vendors (sometimes on sale or for free!), the phone is lighter, I get better voice quality on this phone than on the iPhone, the screen quality is excellent -- I could go on and on.I've had at least a dozen cell phones in the last 12-15 years and can honestly say this is my favorite.  If there's one thing I could change it would be that I'd really prefer that AT&T; change their plan and make it like the non-smartphone plan which allows your unused minutes and data plan to roll over and to come down on the price of the monthly plan.  I used to pay $100 a year for my GoPhone, now it's going to be from $30-$40 a month depending on which data plan I purchase each month.  But still -- it's one of the best deals around.  Straight Talk's $45 a month plan sounds pretty good, but in my area the coverage isn't great quality.

I received the Fusion 2 last week and have been using it ever since.  Have tried most of the features and they work great.  Internet and Google apps are fast and easy.

Someone stole my wife's new iPhone, so rather than pay $400+ for a new one, I talked her into giving this a try. It's a perfect entry-level smartphone. She's not extremely tech-savvy and doesn't need many bells and whistles so it's perfect...she loves it. This is a good phone, especially for the price. It's quick enough and doesn't have any lag issues. Good call quality and reception. The camera is just ok (only 3.2MP) and only 2GB of the phone's "4GB" is free so space is pretty limited (but expandable with a memory card). If you don't care as much about the camera being great or having a lot of internal memory, then it's the prefect android phone. It seems very solidly built as well, more so than AT&T's more expensive other GoPhone android, the "avail". Comparable battery life to my iPhone too.

Was a surprise for my wife. She is beside herself with delight.Feels good to the touch and looks good .

It was fine for the first month or so, then it started getting slow, laggy, and unresponsive. The unlock screen malfunctions about 40% of the time, and it's very hard to get it to accept your touch.Remember, most of the positive reviews for this phone were written shortly after they got the phone, not giving it enough time to suck. Well, it does. Just spend the few extra bucks to get a better one, or stick to a flip phone.Also filled with useless bloatware.

I like the phone except for the rate plans through AT&T.;  I am rather old so a this phone is considered NEW TECHNOLOGY for me due to my age.  So far the biggest concern is that the battery life -  once it is fully charged doesn't seem to last long.  I am currently still working hard with it to understand exactly what and how it does and exactly how it works.  I wish that the buttons were bigger because I have a hard time texting with the small buttons.  Overall I consider it to be a good phone except for the battery life.  That could be because of how or what I have or haven't done with it though.  I like the fact that is a newer model of the prepaid phones similar to a contract phone such as this. The longer I have the phone the better I like it and getting used to the features and how to use them get easier as I continue to "play" with it.AT&T; Fusion 2 Prepaid Android GoPhone (AT&T;)AT&T; Fusion 2 Prepaid Android GoPhone (AT&T;)

The phone is nice to look at and the pre-installed apps are ok, however, this is not a good phone for a travelling individual.  It is highly unpredictable because it shuts down on its own, makes wierd noise while in use ( elongated beeps that resemble a corn horn), reception is spotty (even in metro areas) and overall not a decent android.  The higer end android cell phones are worth it because at least they are reliable.

I couldn't ask for a better phone. it has a lot of cool features such as Vilngo (which is like Siri) is comes loaded with cool apps and an awesome camera. the messaging system is really cool and easy, is has this cool thing called swype with is where you play connect the dots the the keyboard to spell out a word. the battery came with 1/2 a battery and lasted my from 3:00 to 10:00!!! the Phone is nicely built and i fell like this phone would have been MUCH more expensive. Couldn't ask for a better phone for the price.

great phone the only flaws i have found with it are the ones that come with every phone that has an andriod opperating system.

So far I'm enjoying my new phone. I have about a month. I don't see any problems. This is my first touch screen/smart phone. So, I love it. Also, I'm enjoying data free bills too. I use only Wi-Fi. So, I don't get any data bill from AT&T.

It is a good phone,  I received it and I have not use it yet but it looks good,  I will use it overseas.

Not bad for a $100 phone.I got this for my son, who has no data plan and uses the Droid features on WiFi. He texts and calls often & it works well.

I ordered the Fusion 2 and actually received it the following day. I could not believe that!I had several questions about the phone and the seller replied with all the answers the same day.The Fusion 2 came with all standard accessories in the box with full manual instructions.I purchased the Fusion 2 because my wife has one and it has been great for her.This one is unlocked so I hope we can use it overseas with a SIM card from a wireless provider there when we go on our holidays.Thanks so much US Wireless!PS..  I put in one of my overseas SIM cards and it worked perfectly.

I love the size and that it can it do what I need (at least it could for the first 3 months--call, text, email, occasional facebook, and it gets great signal) for a reasonable price. However, I'm very disappointed in its quality. I have only had the phone for about 4 months, and it's functionality has become extremely frustrating.1.) The TEXT MESSAGING application is often quite slow and is CONTINUALLY FREEZING and calling for a &#34;force close&#34;, which cannot be reopened until the phone is restarted. Just yesterday morning, over the course of three hours, I had to restart my phone at least 4 times because the texting app and/or the phone itself froze.2.) Two weeks ago it just stopped reading my SD CARD, saying that there was an error. I went out and bought a new SD card and two days later said the same thing. (Deleting all my photos in the process, by the way)3.) I hate that you CANNOT DELETE/UNINSTALL APPS on it. That is so stupid! Plus, it comes with several apps pre-installed, many of which I don't use or have no clue what they are; I would just like to delete them and clear my phone from stuff I don't use. But I can't. (I admit, I'm not the tech-savviest person in the world, but even my techy friends haven't been able to figure it out.) So, don't download apps you're not sure you want to keep forever. :)4.) The CAMERA kind of sucks. The quality is poor and the color is way off.5.) At least a few times a week I notice it RANDOMLY RESTARTING itself without me even touching it.I don't ask too much of a phone, and my phones can never complain of being overworked. I look for fairly simple functionality, and I absolutely loved this phone at first--it could do everything I needed and more and for a price I could afford. However, less than 4 months is simply INEXCUSABLE for a phone's functionality to drop so quickly. I'm very disappointed with it and would not buy this phone again unless it could be proven that I don't have shitcake phone but rather a technological curse.

The good news; it's a honest to goodness smart phone for a very reasonable price. The bad news; if you use it for just a little while you will find that your battery is almost out of gas.

I got my Fusion 2 in the mail on March 6, 2013 and so far so good. I already had a phone plan from AT&T; so I popped my old SIM card in there and it works just fine! I don't have a data plan so I simply turned off data usage in the settings. The WiFi is great, I didn't experience any disconnections like other reviewers pointed out. I was also able to root the phone successfully so I can uninstall the preloaded bloatware that you can't delete unless you root the phone.  Overall, this phone offers a great value for under 100 dollars. Also this phone uses Android version 2.3.6 (Gingerbread)and cannot be updated any further.Pro : Under 100 dollars, WI-FI Capability, Micro SD expansion slot, decent battery life.Con : Camera quality is pretty bad, keypad buttons are pretty close due to the size of the screen, ram capacity is a bit low (but what do you expect from an entry level smartphone?)NOTE :  If AT&T; is going to charge me for a data plan, I will call back and ask that I didn't sign up for a plan and they should data block me. If all else fails, I can just go back to my old phone and pop an unactivated SIM card in this one and treat it like a 70 dollar Ipod touch.

Being retired I am not into all the modern technology and do not use a cell phone a lot,but decided I wanted to text so switched our plan to gophone plans and bought this new phone.  Once I got use to texting, I love it.  I do not subscribe to web service so it is probably a waste for me.  But the phone is so slim and easy to handle and use so I love it.  Typing is a little awkward for me because my fingers need to be a little smaller but I am getting better at it.  I have the lttle stylist but it is inconvenient to carry with the phone.  I would recommend this phone especially for anyone who uses one for everything.  Some day I may decide to add web service.

The phone works great. It is just at good as anyother phone you can buy for any cell phone retailer.

I bought it but it was never delivered.  I guest was lost in between but I got a refund for my money.  I wish I had a chance to use it, who knows ............

Tried to get the data to work on this cell via AT&T..after the third phone call nothing would work.  A tad bit disappointed but the cell is very nice.  I am able to use WiFi for now.

This price was great and phone worked well on AT&T.  It was for my Son (14).  Just make note....those who listen to music from their phone while showering.  The moisture in the bathroom will still cause water damage.  It causes corrosion even without emerging in water.  Ask my Son.....LOL

This phone is many things, first off the price is just right for anyone who wants a good quality phone without spending a months income. I've enjoyed this phone for about six months. It's not easily scratched or damaged but should be well taken care of anyway. The only downfalls are when compared to an iPhone (For example)this phone does not do as well with predicting the word you're trying to spell out, and also it will vibrate when typing regardless of whether or not you have that setting turned off. Four stars!

Bought this as a replacement for a phone that got wet. My 12 year old grandson uses it. He has passed up fancier phones because it does everything he needs.

I bought this phone at Best Buy for 100 dollars. At first it was perfect, it acted up sometimes but not a big deal. Then it became a piece of crap! It's always rebooting, I can't even play Subway Surfers because it always shows a force close pop up. Battery drains extremely fast. I charged it last night and I'm using it just now, and guess what, it's already in 50%!Camera is horrible, blurry and dark pictures. Browsing is okay when it wants to.Notification sucks, I never get my messages in time. I can't silence that annoying sound when I take a picture unless my phone is in silence mode. Messaging sucks, I am writing and the phone &#34;forgets&#34; I wrote a word and skips it, smartie no? The keyboard hides while I'm texting or it just doesn't write!I hate this phone so much and LUCKILY I bought a Samsung Galaxy Note III here on Amazon, I'm awaiting for its arrive, when it comes, I'll throw this phone to the first person I see.The only pro is I've left the phone fall down at least 5 times and it has no signs of scratches.If you want a cheap phone that lasts 3-4 months and then gets crap, this one my friend is your phone. If you value your hard earned  money, get another thing!

My first andriod phone and I love it so far, I've had it for about 2 days now and I haven't put it down since! LOL

drops calls like most people wish they could drop their bad habits, DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY, lookinnnn sfjhkjh jdhf jdh

I bought this for my husband and so far so good, hes use to an iphone and hes happy with it

I dropped my old Fusion2 and was able to snag another one for $65!  Nice.This is a very economical smartphone.

This phone does the job.  I purchased it because an AT&T rep., said in an online chat that it did not require a data plan.  But now I am being told by AT&T that it does require a data plan and I have to get my son another phone.

it works great not slow fun to use and very light plus its only 25 a month the screens pretty big but I would like a better camera but atleast it has one lol

Got this phone for my mom to go with her go phone plan. The phone is nice, but lately its been giving problems. Not much of a reliable phone.

After doing some research, we decided to try this AT&T phone for my daughter that will be attending school in South Dakota. We bought this one as a trial to see if the coverage was as good or better than my Verizon phone in the Black Hills. Both phones had good service so this is the one she chose. Sorry Verizon, she chose the AT&T phone over Verizon but not because of the service, but because she really likes this phone.

I have had this product for 2 days, and I already love it! The keyboard is responsive and it does have a landscape mode for people who have bigger fingers. Unfortunately, it does have some with some bloatware apps that you can't get rid of regularly, but I hear there is a way to root the phone so you can. I haven't tried this yet though.I don't have a data plan for this phone, but that doesn't really matter. With just a flick of a settings switch, you can turn the mobile data on and off and use it with Wifi only. This fits my needs perfectly!(If you are a heavy data user, I wouldn't recommend this phone since it is 3G only, and the data will be slow.)Over all, I am VERY happy with this product. I've recommended it to a family member that is looking for a simple droid, and I don't think they will be disappointed.

I purchased this to replace my Galaxy S2 that I had been having problems with ever since a software upgrade seemed to hose up the system.  My contract isn't up until October and I didn't want the phone that they would have provided me with the insurance, which would have been a re-furbished Galaxy S2.  Since the software upgrade is the issue, I would have continued to have the same issue with the same phone.  Even though I miss the Galaxy, this phone should suffice until I move up to the Galaxy S4.  I have no complaints and I am just happy that my texts are now NOT delayed by hours and in some cases a much as a whole day.  This is a great replacement phone.

I paid $99.99 at my local AT&T; store and have been using it for about two weeks as of this writing. This was bought to replace a lost iPhone 4, which I'd owned for nearly two years, just to give you some idea of the perspective from which I'm reviewing this phone.The Fusion 2 is manufactured by Huawei and packs a single-core 800 MHz Snapdragon S1 processor that is more than capable of opening and running most apps in a reasonably snappy manner. The interface (Android version 2.3.6, "Gingerbread") is intuitive and seems more fully-featured and can be customized in more ways than iOS. However, this is not something that I personally can speak to with any level of expertise as this is the first time I've ever owned an Android device. The phone comes with 512 MB RAM and 2 GB of internal storage with a Micro SD card slot for expansion. I've had a few minor issues with apps locking up or closing on their own, but nothing especially troubling, and not with any more frequency than the iPhone 4.It has a 3.2 megapixel rear-facing camera that can capture video and stills--it has no flash and either doesn't autofocus or doesn't autofocus in a way that I've yet been able to figure out. The photos are borderlining on unusuable--I can't get a sharp image of anything at any distance, even under beautifully diffused sunlight. I haven't played around with the video extensively yet, but from my limited experience, the picture and sound quality are both very poor--the ambient noise comes through loud and staticky, and the voices sound muffled.It also has an FM radio tuner, which is a nice bonus that I haven't seen on many other phones. Again, my experience with this has been limited, but so far so good--the two stations that I listened to came in nice and clear.The GPS receiver works in tandem with Google Maps and Google Navigation for adequate navigation functionality with which I haven't experienced any problems, apart from occasional difficulty getting it to recognize a destination that I input by speaking rather than typing, but that was to be expected.The Bluetooth seems kind of finicky when pairing with my Honda Civic--one thing I loved about my iPhone is that when I turned my car on, it would automatically establish a Bluetooth connection and begin playing the last thing I was listening to. The Fusion 2 sometimes forces me to fiddle with the Bluetooth settings to coax it into connecting, and then it won't always hold the connection. My guess is that this is a problem that can be solved if I take a little time to fiddle with the settings, but I haven't had an opportunity to do that yet. Taking phone calls over the Bluetooth has been an unexpectedly positive experience--the clarity is noticeably better than it was with my iPhone 4 and voices sound bassier, richer and more lifelike. Oddly, the improved call quality is only noticeable when I'm talking through the car's Bluetooth connection and not when I'm just using the handset as normal.Skimming back over this review, it comes off negatively, but for the most part, the phone has been a pleasure to use and has filled in quite nicely for my lost iPhone 4 as I wait for my upgrade date. Although this version of Android is now a couple of generations old, it does everything that iOS can and more, albeit not with quite the same level of polish. It comes with a lot of pre-installed crapware and if I had root access and could uninstall it and maybe even overclock the processor, it could actually be a very capable little phone.The things I like about this phone over the iPhone 4 are...1. the power management widget that allows me to toggle WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS and Auto-sync on and off as well as toggle through a handful of screen brightness settings2. call clarity and richness over Bluetooth3. the ability to put direct dial shortcuts on the home screen, for one-touch access to the people I call most4. Swype predictive text input5. turn-by-turn navigation that talks to me6. a more customizable home screen7. price ($99.99 with no contract)8. the FM radio tunerThe things I miss the most about my iPhone 4 are...1. automatic, hassle-free Bluetooth connection to my car2. a much better camera3. podcast apps (Downcast and Apple's free Podcasts app) that aggregate, organize and manage my podcasts in a way that makes more sense to me4. higher screen resolution and pixel density5. the apps that I've already dumped a bunch of money intoThe things I do most with my phone are listen to podcasts and take photographs... The lack of an Android app for podcasts that I like and the lack of a good camera are deal-breakers that prevent me from keeping this as anything more than a backup phone once my upgrade date arrives. But overall, it's been a positive experience to own and use.****************************************************************************************************UPDATE (OCTOBER 11, 2012)An annoying issue that's started to come up is that sometimes when I wake my phone up and it shows the lock screen, the touchscreen acts kinda funny--it seems like the processor is still kind of waking up as I attempt to put my unlock code in (that thing with the 9 circles, and you have to draw the correct pattern to unlock it), because it won't register my touches or I'll put the entire pattern in and lift my finger off, but it'll act like my finger is still on there and deciding where to drag it next. I don't know if any of that makes sense... but anyway, if I hit the sleep button to put it back to sleep and hit it again to wake it up again, it seems to be fine the second time. My hunch is that it has something to do with humidity because it only seems to have this problem if I'm in a humid environment (outside when it's raining, or in the bathroom after I've taken a shower).The Bluetooth issue I described in my initial write-up seems to have fixed itself without me doing anything, although it still takes a much longer time for it to establish a connection than my iPhone took--sometimes over a minute. Maybe I just needed to be more patient with it from the beginning.While messing around in the settings, I learned that it can be tethered via USB or used as a portable Wi-Fi hotspot. I can't make an assessment of how well it works, though, because my data plan makes no provision for this type of use. But if yours does, I guess that's another reason to consider getting this phone.****************************************************************************************************UPDATE (OCTOBER 30, 2012)A little more than a month into my ownership period, I'm now having frequent problems with the touchscreen, namely the one I described on October 11, with regards to the problems under humid conditions. Now it seems like it does that more often than not. Also, sometimes (i.e. about 1 out of 10 times) if I boot it up cold, it will take up to a minute for the stock launcher to bring up my home screen. Not sure if it's a hardware or software problem, but it just gives me a black screen. I haven't checked in about a week, but it seems as though there is still no easy way to root this device that has yet been documented.****************************************************************************************************UPDATE (NOVEMBER 21, 2012)I upgraded to a Galaxy S3, which I dropped within a week, rendering it unusable because I suck. And of course I didn't insure it, because why would I insure a $600 phone that is made of glass and for which I don't use a protective case?But you're not here to read about how much I suck...Anyway, I'm back on the Fusion 2... Having an Ice Cream Sandwich device for a week made me realize how much I was missing out on with Gingerbread. Chrome and Hulu Plus aren't compatible (and neither are a lot of other apps for that matter), nor can I playback high-definition video files without the frame rate being unwatchably choppy. Firefox doesn't display webpages correctly when the phone is in landscape mode (the stock browser can handle it fine, but won't allow for tabbed browsing, so pick your poison or try a different browser)... But these are all trifles that I can either work around or can do without altogether.My second biggest gripe of the moment is that I haven't found a way to manage apps effectively. In Ice Cream Sandwich (on the Galaxy S3) there's a multitask button that gives you a quick view of what apps are open and allows you to close them quickly by swiping them away. Gingerbread, from what I understand, is structured in a way that when you hit the home button or back out while running an app, some apps will close automatically and others will continue to run in the background, but it's difficult to know which one. The only way I know of to quit an app is to get to the home screen, tap the menu button, tap "Manage Apps", tap the "Running" tab, tap the app you want to quit, then tap the "Stop" button. The reason it's a problem is that the phone has a very finite amount of memory, so if you're running a lot of apps, processes and services in the background (often unknowingly), it could cause the active app to run sluggishly. This was a big problem the last time I was using Google Navigation because this sluggishness and the audio delay that comes with using a Bluetooth connection added up to the app telling me to make turns after it was already too late to make them....which brings me to my biggest gripe of the moment, which is that there still doesn't seem to be a documented easy way to root the phone. I imagine my problem could be solved if I could get root access and disable or uninstall all of the preinstalled crapware (a lot of which usually seems to be running without my knowledge, when I look at the list of running apps).All this said, it still doesn't change my mind with regards to the phone's value. But you're seeking certain functionality that's only found in the newer versions of Android, this might not work for you.

simple an easy to use android, seems to keep a great charge! about as long as the iphone keeps a charge, BUY IT!

First of all, this is my first android phone... So I can't really compare it to another phone.  But the shipping was fast, the phone is excellent, and I am overall, very pleased.  The only problem is sometimes the phone freezes up, and I have to take the battery out and put it back in and then turn on the phone.  That can get annoying.  But other than that, I couldn't be more happy!

I like all of the features of this phone which costs about 1/10th what others pay for phones that do the same things. If I were to rate AT&T service here, they would get 1 star. I have to call them every month about my service plan. Great phone, price and delivery from Amazon!

For normal use its a great phone. Using it for more than three months without any problem. Battery life and voice are two main factors and these are good.

I use this mainly to check facebook, upload pictures, calls, and for text/pic messaging.  This phone does a great job, for a great price.  It may not have all of the fancy things that the Ipod has, but I will never use most of that stuff anyway.  Heck, all I would use an Iphone for I already have on my Fusion.  The cases and other accessories for this phone are fairly cheap, and I have ordered most of mine from Amazon.I have no complaints, and I would buy again.  Heck, this is me buying again, as I dropped the first one (right after I took off the case) and decided to order it again.  Great purchase, and I'm glad I bought it.Hannah Booth

this for my wife and she loves it , she said she has a real phone now.i would recommend this phone

It was delivered late... We paid to have it expedited delivery and it showed up a week later... Didn't see anywhere I ordered it that it had a crack face... When we opened it ... The whole face was busted up...

i am new to smart phones though this is my third try. i returned the first two  - one was slow and the other too confusing to get used tothis is perfect - easy to use - phone quality great and no data plan required, i use wifi at home and at hot spots so not neededphone has excellent performance with itune radio and all amazon apps toodowngrade is for the fact that they sent a refurb as newi only knew because the phone already had someone elses contacts!didnt want to start over so amazon reluctantly refunded $30 to match refurb priceall in all very satisfied except for feeling &#34;used&#34;

Existing ATT customers are required to buy a $30 a month data plan even if you only plan on using Wifi.

great phone for the price. easy to navigate thru all the features.Works just perfect and battery life is very good.

I was impressed with the phone when I first got it and turned it on yesterday. The one immediate flaw I experienced was that the touchscreen was not as responsive as I'm used to. It was very hard to text, and sometimes I had to swipe at the screen several times to get it to do anything -- but this is a $80 phone, so I don't expect the same quality as the phones that cost several hundreds of dollars.Fast forward one day, after a bit of phone use, I found the phone restarting by itself all the time. Sometimes I would be texting and it would restart. Sometimes it would just be sitting there on my desk and it would restart. I was in the middle of a call when it restarted.This is a brand new phone, so there's no reason it should be doing this. The restarting makes the phone unusable.

its a good android phone for the price,does everything i need it to do and more, i would recommend it to anyone..

Overall, I do like the phone and it's features except for the monthly fee that you have to pay for monthly if you want to use data. It also has alot of apps that I never use that cannot be deleted.

I am not a big fan of the Iphone like almost everyone else is. I prefer simple yet functional. And so far, that is exactly what I received when my AT&T Fusion phone came in the mail. I love it. And for the price I paid for it, I love it even more. It does the exact same things as an iphone but at a fraction of the cost. Okay, well maybe not everything. But for what I use it for, it fits my life perfectly.

I really like this phone a lot.It offers great battery life,over 500 minutes of talk time.I even downloaded the Kindle app and use it for reading.I honestly can't say how it would work for games,since I don't play any.But for texting,talking and reading this is a great phone.

Love it, great price and easy to use. I used this to replace the phone I broke, and it was really easy to install all of my contacts. Very happy with this product.

This phone works well. Haven't had any issues so far. A lot cheaper than buying a phone directly from the AT&T store especially since my contract isn't up for renewal yet.

Just bought this phone Sunday. I love it. I love the way it functions and the camera quality is really good but doesn't have a camera button like my previous phone. Bummer! The double microphone also creates hearing problems and echoing and it can be very annoying.

A pretty decent phone. for the price.But the 4 1/2 * is a bit much. My biggest complaint is that it won't play .wma music files. Also when you unmount the sd card your ringtones will revert to default in your contact. list.AT&T'S $65 monthly data plan is a rip-off. Their $50 unlimited plan won't work with this phone. I purchased an at&t compatable sim card from NET 10 and will be switching over to their $50 unlimited data plan, which everyone says is great!!! So I only can give this phone 3***

Our son got his iphone wet in salt water. Since his contract doesn't expire until the devil freezes over, I researched some Go-Phones. We were able to place this under the account we already had instead of using it as a pre-paid with no problems. Compared to the iphone 4 it seems made of cheaper material, feels flimsy, and doesn't seem as "cool" to me. But for him, it's a phone and he's already playing games and downloading apps.For the price compared to a full replacement, I'm happy!*note* if you purchase this phone, you need to get additional chargers for home and car.Will update in the future.7/12/13-- (wow, that was fast)--One other reviewer said they had to turn off/on their phone a few times a day. After receiving the message "The person you are trying to reach is not accepting calls at this time" I was able to contact my son via my ipad and have him turn the phone off and on. That seemed to solve the problem.

First i received an off brand : Huawei.  From day one it would not stay charged for a day, i had to charge it every night. i could barely use it. So i got a different phone after a month and half.

I have to say this phone is great at its price. I like it very much, especially the inbuilt radio.

The Fusion 2 is a pretty good phone. Two main issues keep it from being an excellent phone. One, internet surfing a just a little too slow.  Two and most importantly, this phone wii NOT stay connected to my wifi, so the 1gig of data ends up being not enough! Otherwise the Fusion 2 is mostly good.

Got this for the wife as a secret Anniversary gift. It is a great price so I couldn't pass it up.

We purchased our AT&T fushion for $124.99 at Walmart, using "On the Go AT&T prepaid" plan. We purchased a warranty from Walmart as well.  Here is the situation, the phone is about 7 months old, no water damage, no damage at all in perfect condition.  The phone began to freeze up, and send multiple meassages.  As a result, we purchased a Straight Talk phone and transferred the AT&T number (have always had great customer service and warranty coverage with all family members from Straight Talk).  Since the phone is still under AT&T warranty I was instructed to contact AT&T.  BUT... AT&T will not cover a phone because the number was transferred to a different phone.  I was willing for AT&T to assign me a new number for the warranteed phone, but they will not do that.  Soo... if you purchase from AT&T and your phone goes haywire, plan to be without a phone for as long as AT&T decides.  I am extremely dissatified.  My first cell phone service was from AT&T.  I transferred my services about 8 years ago, because of the poor phone reception in our area and the extremely high costs.  Well... a lesson learned.  In 8 years, nothing has changed with AT&T.

A smartphone with the right price. This phone is loaded with all the features for your smartphone needs. A little bit slow, but no complaints because of the price.

bought this phone to replace my girlfriends g2 phone...it lags alot but it gets the job done. its ok at best

Its good for Jr. High students.  Hope it holds up for what they put it through. Easy for them to understand.

Got this one for my son.  Had to go with a Pre-Paid GoPhone plan to avoid the data plan.  Now 25$ for 250 min no data.  Runs Android, has WIFI and can add a MicroSD - Nice.

This is my first smartphone and it's impressive! I thought long ago that I would never need a smartphone, all I really need is call and text. But after buying this, I was asking myself "Where has this phone been all my life?". It runs fantastically. I love all the apps I've downloaded so far. The speaker is pretty decent, perfect for playing music. There are a few issues: the battery sucks, so keep your charger with you and manage your battery useage. There is sometimes a bit of slowdown. And a microSD card is essentially MANDATORY. Also the camera is average. I've seen better, I've seen worse.AT&T;'s $25 monthly plan is perfect for me since I hardly ever call but text like no other. Plus the $5 50MB data package is great since I hardly use the internet outside of Wi-Fi anyway.  Can't really complain about the price.Overall, this is an excellent phone. It made me wish I had broken my old phone long ago (An LG Neon, also an AT&T; Gophone.)So if you need a new smartphone that isn't heavy on the price, this is exactly what you need.

Love  this little phone. Inexpensive and quite useful. I keep it in a pouch, but if you dropped it, it's not bank-breaking to replace it.

It's fast, the touch screen is nice, but you might want a case for it or something because the screen will bust pretty easily :/

This phone is okay. It worked really well when I first got it. It gets great service for being a gophone. However, this phone likes to act up A LOT. The screen constantly turns black and tells me that my messages aren't responding. It really sucks because I never know when this is going to happen. Sometimes it takes up to 15 minutes for the screen to go back to normal. I don't miss use the phone or drop it. I do have a hard case on the phone and a screen protector. I guess the Fusion just needs to fix the kinks. When I get enough money, I'm switching my phone.

This was a great purchase. I like not having a contract and being able to just put my sim card in and go.

I got this as a replacement for my iPhone, after being hacked.  I'm still learning my way around the Android interface, but this is heads and shoulders above the "this is the only Go Phone we have" that the local AT&T; store sold me when I originally tried to replace my iPhone.Eventually I will probably upgrade to something Galaxy-ish, but for the price this is a fine little smartphone.

It was an accident I meant to rate it at a 4, my girl friend really enjoys it thank you

It's good phone, but with all products you have feature from your previous device that's not on your new device.  My only complaint is the notifications I receive from the gaming sites and the phone doesn't not vibrate when you receive texts.  It flashes a little green indicator light.

not bad for my first smart phone.gets the job done and i can do what i want with it.easy to use

It say &#34;Fusion 2 Go Phone&#34; but the size is too small. I can't put my phone to the cover. It is made for something else.

I've had AT&T; GoPhone prepaid service for two year and it's been awesome. I had a basic Pantech phone that worked well but really wanted to try a smartphone. I've had the phone for 10 months and it's exceeded my expectations. This an Android 2.3 Gingerbread with responsive touchscreen and easy to set up. The 3.2 mp camera takes good pictures and decent video, as there are many options to customize your settings when taking a picture. You can add a 32 GB sd card for memory. I haven't used the MP3 player so I can't comment on that.I mainly text and use it for phone calls. The screen is 3.5 inches and keyboard is large enough for easy texting. I have small fingers but it may work for someone with big fingers as well. The Fusion 2 comes pre-loaded with many apps which can't be uninstalled. I don't care for that feature because it takes up space. Battery life is about 4-5 days without heavy use. I've gotten about 2 full days on a charge with heavy texting and using Wi-Fi. After 10 months it still holds a charge well and don't plan on replacing it anytime soon until it dies. The 800 Mhz dual processor is fast enough for downloading web pages and talking at the same time.The phone was intuitive to set up and I didn't use the manual. This was huge plus since I'm not technically savvy. My calls are clear and the Wi-Fi signal is strong when using the internet. Reception with the AT&T; GoPhone prepaid is better than my previous Verizon contract phone. I can get coverage in buildings and in areas where I previously traveled with Verizon that were nonexistent and spotty. GoPhone has many plan options for different budgets and it's simple to change plans as required.There are many Android apps available for this smartphone that make it very versatile to suit your needs. I've not used all the features on my phone but that's because I like to keep things simple.

For the price, great phone. My Galaxy got damaged from water so I needed a phone until I'm eligible for an upgrade in couple months. This phone, for the price, is doing a fine job. In fact I'm going to keep using it as long as it'll last. Fast, clear, long battery life and very quick to charge. Don't really need more.

Stop working after about a month. It is worse then my 20 dollars phone which last for two years and is still working.

I took it to the AT&T store and they informed me that it doesn't work and is not usable. How do I return it!

This replaced an Avail that I went swimming with.  Sized the same. More features. Newer version of Gingerbread (2.3.6). Almost half the price, quadruple the internal memory, much better battery life. The only problem is the lack of accuracy of the touch screen. Made by the Chinese telecom giant Huawei. Unbeatable value I think for $80.

I used to have a samsung captivate and I needed a phone real fast.This phone is everything I need and has about the same user interface as an android.I love it.

if you want a problem free phone this not it.but if you want to spend hours trying to get the phone working the way you want it. this is it.in other words if you have a lot of free time on your hands. you will greatly enjoy the phone. live and learn item.

Love my new Go-Phone.  Was able to keep my current payment option and no data fees but you have to use WiFi.  Since there are hot-spots and free WiFi everywhere, this has not been a problem for me.

The phone is cheap and easy to use if you aren't a big cell phone user and only need it for emergencies. If you want it for a variety of purposes I recommend  a phone with a better OS. The little things about it are what aren't good.The music deletes your playlists, the gallery is confusing and has a million photo albums. The keyboard starts to lag after a couple of weeks. I've had it for about six months now and the battery dies really fast. I would recommend an android with a more advanced operating system. The user interface isn't very good either. When you first turn on the phone it sometimes takes up to five minutes for the phone to completely load all the apps and become responsive. The touch screen doesn't respond to touches right away sometimes and sometimes the screen will stop working completely if even the tiniest drop of rain touches it.

i really like the battery life on the phone. it works excellent! i would recomment this phone to other people. i really enjoy this phone

I really kind of just hate this phone.  Texting on this phone stinks.  I am seriously contemplating buying a new version of the phone I had previously because I really do not like this phone at all.  I hardly ever use it, I communicate through facebook now more often.  That said, the battery lasts a few days, and the camera takes very clear photos.

I have had this phone for almost a year now and I absolutly LOVE IT! It is amazing! It has all the apps you could think of! Plus it takes amazing pics! It keeps good singal and is fast about sending a receiving pictures! I LOVE IT

great phone with responsive touch screen, good battery life (127 standby hours according to some battery apps), good signals.  i'd give this phone 5 stars if it weren't for:- inability to root (as of 11/27/2012): which means, one cannot remove pre-installed ~40 apps that take up space, and start services that cannot be turned off (POPS, Movies, occasionally City ID).  one also cannot tether to become a hotspot for other applications.- back cover becomes loose after infrequent opening to access sd card (minor issue)** EDIT 12/20/2012 **- some genius online figured out the rooting, will try it soon.after a month of use:- good battery life still, but sometimes can drain the entire battery in a day (happened twice, device has never been dropped/near water)- had a scare once with the machine shutting itself off randomly and refusing to turn on for 2 minutes (not due to battery, which was at half capacity when finally turned on)changing the rating from 3 to 4 due to ability to root.

I bought 2 fusion2 phones they work just fine and i have AT&T network with no contract. Why get tied up in Contracts? The only thing is you have to get a plan with Data service to get some features on the phone like the internet, They had a special going $15.00 extra for data service which is usually $25.00. But you can still get wifi anywhere for free from the phone like your wireless network at home or any place that has free wireless. No issues at all with phone works great

Just received phone and I love it.  It is so easy to get around and the ATT crewhelped a lot. Thanks Amazon, you never disappoint.

I bought this item finding the lowest price advertised.  I am very happy with it, although I did have to give up using my data on my ATT GO plan to just use the wifi.  Dont miss it so much.  I have the plan with unlimited talk, text, web and data for $50,and not wanting to increase my monthly cost by $15 for less web time, I just chose to not use the data.  No calling ATT that I got a new phone, just changed the sim card form the old phone which could not download apps to the new one and immediately began using it.  If you  are on this plan and are in the same situation as I was, I highly recommend this phone if you only really need the web and wont miss the data.

I bought it as a gift for my mom because she broke her iPhone so she needed a replacement she loves it and it's not as complicated for her like the iphone was

The go phone was ATT compatible and brand new condition.  It came with a go phone sims card but I am on contract with ATT so I was able to obtain a regular one free of charge.  I am finding I miss my iphone but my reception is better where I live.  I am learning how to maneuver without reading the manual even though it  came with one.  Again, it was in new condition.

I purchased this phone in late December 2012 and used it for about 9 months, for the price its great. Not the newest version of android but for the price you should expect that. loading music on here was perfectly easy and with any android device I was able to use multiple media players, as well as youtube netflix and text+. this would be a perfect phone for young adults or teenagers who are generally harder on phones ie they drop them or get them wet. The only reason I did not give five stars is because the screen was not the quality I was looking for, but being as it is a prepaid phone what can I expect.

Good producto for price paid.

The phone serves my purpose very well, but if you need more in a SMART phone, you would do well by looking a more powerful one.

fantastic, easy to use.  i got this for my father, and i just got another one for myself.  easy to set up, great customer support, online site is has detailed information.  can use with 10 cent a minute, just set it up without data if that's all you need.  if already a at&t customer, just move your old sim into this phone.  looks great, easy to use interface.  my first smart phone, love it and great price.

I like this phone a lot. It is a nice inexpensive smart phone. It's very easy to learn. It may not be the most advanced technology but if you're like me and prefer a pay as you go phone plan instead of a long expensive contract this is your best bet.I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because the back battery cover is kind of thin and flimsy. I recommend people buy a protective case for this phone.

This is my first cell phone so I am not too familiar with the different phones.  I saved about $60 buying the phone from Amazon instead of AT & T.  The down side was that it doesn't come with a sim card or any extra memory which I had to purchase separately.  Overall, I am satisfied with my phone.

Great smart phone for the price. I haven't had any problems with it really, other than every now and then it freezes up a little. But overall it's a great phone AND the battery lasts a LONG time. Internet usage uses up the battery somewhat quick, but compared to other smart phones it lasts much longer. Without much internet usage, the battery will lasts a couple days.

I selected Fusion for the great price, but I was so surprised to recieve a better than expected product.  The phone is easy to use and the graphics are wonderful.

I wanted an android phone without having to pay for a data plan, I have Wi-Fi at home so all the features work there and does connect to hotspots, so I get to play words with friends and still only pay 10.00 a month.

This is my 1st smart phone so I'm still trying to figure out what it can do. I noticed a few reviews that claimed that it doesn't come with a sim card. This one did. I didn't need it just swapped out my old card and was up and ready to go. I was annoyed at first because it comes with the data option enabled and every time I tried to do something Google would pop on and I was getting charged air time. I only want to use the internet in Wi-Fi mode. Called AT&T and they talked me through shutting off the data link and refunded the charges. I am basically just using it as a phone which in this day and age is rare. I guess as I get use to it I'll try different things.

I bought this phone for my daughter because someone decided to steal her I phone 4. she searched all phones and she picked the fusion 2 she loves it and so far it is perfect and also the camera works fine. and we would recommend this phone to everyone.

The phone was defective, didn't work with a number of slim cards.  Plus there was no manual with this phone.Returned for refund.

I WASNT SURE TIL I GOT IT IF ID LIKE THIS PHONE.NOW I CAN'T IMAGINE MY LIFE WITHOUT IT.ITS CONVENIENT IT HAS GADGETS WITHIN GADGETS.LUV THIS THING.

I've had this phone for more than a year now. There are tons of things I don't like about it* The touchscreen doesn't work well in humidity. I'm in Florida and use this phone to track bicycle rides w/ the GPS. It's a hassle to work the phone after a ride because the touchscreen doesn't respond.* The phone is underpowered and slow. Web browsing is painfully slow.* 2.3 Gingerbread is old* Sound is quiet. It's quiet coming out of the built-in speaker and quiet coming out of the headphones. Even with the volume turned all the way up, I had trouble hearing the sound coming out of my earbuds at full volume. When connected to my car, I had to turn my car's volume all the way up to hear at the desired level (much, much higher than I listen to the radio at normally)* The radio only works with headphones in. Annoying.* Tons of bloatware, including one piece of software that disables ATT hotspots occasionally. seems to be a bug.* My sleep/wake button broke soon after I bought it, forcing me to push it quite hard and at an angle to use it.* Lower levels of the ringer are quiet to the point that they're effectively inaudible, causing many missed calls when I accidentally lowered the ringer volume.But, it's not all negative. Here are some positive things I did not expect* It's sturdy. I dropped the phone repeatedly, many times, without it breaking anything (the sleep button was unrelated, believe it or not).* The phone has been through the washer and dryer. After a rice bath, it works fine with just some distortion on the screen.I can't recommend this phone for the $100 I bought it for new. At $65 I see it for, you can still do better.

This phone has all the gadgets I need for work and school. It doesn't shut off and restart like my old one. Reasonable price, no monthly bills, I recommend using the $60 Smartphone monthly unlimited with data (2GB). My data usage didn't run out during the month. It's more than enough for my daily access needs.

Great phone I have not had any problems whatsoever. It is a smart phone however I just use the phone for talking.I was not required to get a data plan. I've had th phone for six months now with no problems keeping a charge.

just ordered.  i am already with at&t so hope it connects.  i wanted an android.  esp i have an android tablet.  need android ph to text on tablet. texting on the tablet will be nice.  crazy how many gadgets out.  think i miss the days of a landline ph how cheap it was.  when i get this phone i hope i can text with my tablet.  so about to have laptop,tablet and smart phone.

I love this. I hope whoever buys this is as pleased as me. I would recommended this to any one.

We bought this phone because it had good reviews. However, we could never get full functionality out of some of the apps. Netflix never worked and we could not even sign in to it. After less than 6 months the battery life became very poor. We are now looking for another phone. We did buy it as a cheaper option to e.g. an iphone, but it does not even work properly.

I like this phone as a first android  It's easy to use and understand.  It's nice to get email so easily

This phone is great for texting and limited data usage and the calls are clear as a bell. On pay as you go plan it is perfect.

My husband broke his previous AT&T phone and he needed something smaller in size than what he had and this phone was perfect for him!

I wanted to upgrade my old Pay As You Go phone.  The Fusion is perfect for my use.  It is not all that slow at downloads, and I love the size of the screen (I can actually see it now!).  I want to download a larger keyboard, as I am clumsy with the touchscreen.  I got a great deal as usual from Amazon, fast shipping and am pleased as punch!  The battery life seems to be pretty good, also, and it charges up quickly.  Thanks, Amazon!

My iphone died because of battery. Bought this in Feb. happy with it so far. easy to use, good price. I don't need to use the sim card coming with the phone. I can use my old pre-paid card w/o adding data plan.

This phone does everything I need it to do and more.  Also, it's easy to use and the apps are easy to download.

I really love this phone.  I really love how it function and how it works.. I have just fell in love with it all together. best decision i have made. and i plan on keeping this for some years..

I LIKE THIS PHONE, DOES NOT HAVE A CONTRACT, IT DOES JUST WHAT I WANT IT TO DO, NO PROBLEMS, STILL USING IT TODAY.

Purchased for my son. We have AT&T and  this phone hooked up just fine. My son has been very  happy with this phone. It has all the features that an 18 year old would want a n d then some. My husband even likes it.

Good enough phone....I upgraded from a very low tech phone, so this was a big step up.  I don't like how little the texting keys are, but with a phone, there is only so much space for texting anyway.  Good deal.

I wanted to like this phone, because i hoped it wouldnt suck after i spent 80 bucks on it... unfortunately, it isnt a good phone.  It is my first "smart phone" and I want my LG saber back.  Even using it as a normal phone isnt great.  The WIFI shuts off ALL THE TIME...  I will be connected and all of a sudden I am not anymore... also there are apps i have installed and then i click on them to open them and it says that the app is not installed and can not open, then i figure "whatever" and try to re add it and it says that it is already installed...  this phone is NOT good.  when it works it is great, but about 30 percent of the time it doesnt.... not worth the headache...

first of all this the best smartphone! why upgrade to a 500 bucks Samsung galaxy s2,s3,s4 and so on...I'm a not prepaid user I have a linewhich I pay only 31.84 with text and Calls. with this phone bought at.my.local att store it cause me only 86 dollars! I was not required for a data plan! all.u need to.do is pop in ur sim card. and  what's great about it! the battery life is decent! this is better than an iPhone that requires data plan! and.its also updated.to gingerbread.operating system!UPDATE: if your going to buy phones on amazon and how you complain about the phones dont work.i suggest you buy the phones at your att local store to be safei dont buy gadgets online.did i mention the battery life is decent?i charge.my phone saturday night and today is tuesday?its been 3 days i havent charged it.i love my phone so much .. better then my old samsung galaxy appeal.i believe all.androids smartphones r the same

I had adjusted my expectations when I bought this 'entry level' smartphone but I am still disappointed. When I make a call, it's so slow to connect that I can't tell whether the call's been dropped. It takes several seconds of dead air before I hear the ring. Then the voice quality is so poor that I hardly recognize voices I know well.There is no one-button dialing. There is voice dialing but it hasn't worked for me so far. What does listing a contact as a 'favorite' do for me? The list still starts with "ATT this..." "ATT that..."The camera does not have any editing features that I was able to find, beyond zoom. It too is so slow that the pictures are often fuzzy and I've taken pictures of 'nothing' because I think the phone has quit or the light is too low, then moved the phone when the camera finally takes the picture.Custom ringtones have to be set manually (see my response to a commenter). The instruction book doesn't say how to do it. You have to assign the SD card (only 32 MB unless you pay for an upgraded card) then create folders...  The built-in ringtones are AWFUL. Speaking of which, the instruction book does not have an index so looking up features is tough.So many reviewers have talked about the un-deletable crapware. Maybe that's what's making it slow?ATT only allows a 2 week return period which is not enough time to learn this phone to decide whether you want to keep it. So I'm stuck with it. Oh well, it does make calls albeit slooooooowly.

I received the phone and called AT&T; to have it activated and although I don't think it's necessary - just as long as you have an old Sim card, it should work right away. I have been told that by activating your phone through AT&T;, you receive better phone service. In any case, have it activated by AT&T; - I called them and it took a second.The phone is a basic phone, speed is decent, storage space is decent. And the price is excellent. Works perfectly, and unless you plan on doing crazy, techy things with your phone - then the fusion 2 should be just right for you.

I'm on my second one. It keeps restarting itself and I'm not receiving all my text. Over all I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

Absolutely fabulous love the case gets a lot of comments about how nice it looks its durable and functional love it

I really like my phone the apps the color the weight is fine and the phone was easy to use. i would recomend this company to my friends and family.

This is the pinnacle of capitalism.I'm not exaggerating. Imagine telling someone from just 50 years ago that you could have a device with which you could access all the world's knowledge or play games, could help you communicate to nearly anyone in the solar system and take pictures of them with a decent camera that you could share with everyone else in the solar system, could entertain with music, movies, or audiobooks, can track your exact location and speed using GPS while you're beating Kenyans in a street race, and most importantly of all, let you get see the latest from your favorite Internet celebrity cat. Then imagine that you tell him it only takes a couple hours of work to make the money to pay for it.This phone is the phenomenal. Of course, it's not the best phone out there--the iPhone or the Galaxy SIII take the cake on that, but unlike its predecessor (ATT Fusion 1), it actually works and it works pretty well at that. The storage and memory seem to allow you to do everything that you want to do. You can't store a billion songs on it, but you can store several audiobooks. And the keyboard is infantile compared to the Apple keyboard, but it's not a deal breaker for what I need this puppy for.I can maintain my Google Voice/Skype/GoPhone system and save hundreds of dollars on my phone bill every year (read my books for more on this dandy) and still accomplish everything I want. It's utter brilliance. Kudos and I look forward to the next generation!

If you are expecting something like an Iphone or a higher grade Android, then no, you don't want this phone. If that's what you're used to and would rather have, then no, you don't want this phone.I've had this phone for four months. I does what you want it to and when you want it to.GOOD:-The screen is easy to clean-The background can easily be changed-You can go on the internet-You can add music-Good price (fyi, buy online instead of in-store, you'll save money)-You can use it with any plan (I use the $25 a month plan)-Charges quicklyBAD:-I have not figured out a way to put apps on it-When texting you have to add curse words into the dictionary if you want to use them.-Poor camera-When talking on the phone if you aren't careful you'll end the call when you have it to your face.-You can't add sounds or ringtones-Very few games and no way to add more

Bought this thinking it was going to be a cheap little want-to-be Android, but it turned out to be the opposite! Phone works better than expected and has a lot of capabilities! Plus, the free two day shipping with Amazon Prime made it even more worth the buy!

UPDATE on July 11, 2013I'm adding the last star to make it a 5-star review because this phone is deserving of it. Again, it is an awesome phone if you put the work into it. I added some pictures to the customer images section here, so check it out. I'm running CyanogenMod 10.1, and by gosh is it awesome. Do yourself a favor and get aSanDisk Ultra 16 GB MicroSDHC Class 10 UHS-1 Memory Card with Adapter (SDSDQU-016G-AFFP-A), set up Link2SD, and this thing will just fly.The new camera for 4.2/3 Google Experience devices works really nice on it. Holding it and using the volumes to snap pictures really helps with the clarity since it gives you a steady grip. I love the outcome of my after sunset shots too. Really nice for a somewhat crappy camera. I really like using Cameringo with it too, perfect camera app for this phone.And oh yeah, I accidentally walked out behind my carport when it was raining like bucket loads of water. The phone pretty much got submerged in it since it was in my hand at the time. But I was able to wipe it off with a towel, and it has been okay for the last two months since then.It's going to be HARD to go back to an iPhone.----------I am coming from a S2 Skyrocket that has a dented lens. So I'm coming from a phone that has a beautiful 8MP camera, 4G, and an awesome 4.5" screen. Did I mention it had a better processor?The Fusion 2 feels great in your hands, I really like the back cover - It's grippy and not slippery like the Samsung phones. It took me like 20 minutes to get the back off to put my SIM and battery in though. I guess that's a positive when you think about it though. I have dropped my S2 in the past, and the cover and battery flew all over the place.It's fits nicely in my skinny jeans, which are the only type of pants I own. So that makes me happy. The camera software isn't as nice and complex, but I can live with that.Missing my Live Wallpapers already. I just recently found one with jungle animals made of clay. It was cute.The interface is uglier than TouchWiz, but as long as I don't have to go into settings, I have already sorted that out.Rooting is a must, it will make the experience better. I set my CPU governor to Conservative, and it makes a HUGE difference in performance. I'm also using Dialer + as a replacement dialer, it's beautiful. Dolphin Browser is working nicely too.I thought I was going to have to sacrifice most of my apps, but it was really only my Timetable one that wasn't Gingerbread certified, which is okay because I went back to my other favorite schedule app - Studious.It's not a good phone, but it isn't bad either. It'll work for me until the next iPhone comes out though.----------UPDATE on March 22, 2013I'm adding one more star because the battery life is AWESOME! I've been using it like crazy, and I still have like half of the battery left. It has a great standby, even with the amount of add-ons I have:Holo LauncherHolo LockerGloveboxPower TogglesBeWeather ProGames are working pretty nicely too. I have a good chunk of them that run pretty nice:Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EPAlice of HeartsBeat HazardBIT.TRIP BEATCanabaltDynamite JackEDGE ExtendedFieldrunnersMini Golf MatchUpNightSkyOsmosSpiritsSuper HexagonWorld of GooMost of them are from Humble Bundles though, I'm not sure if the stores would let you install them, but they work otherwise if you want to side load them from another device.One problem I encountered though is that you can't use both the internal storage and external SD card. I'm using a 2GB microSD myself, but I would try and go for a 4GB just for a little more room to breathe for your apps and games. Plan to leave it in there too, because like I said in my earlier review, taking off the back cover is a pain to take off!I got Live Wallpapers working too, and the phone is pretty good at putting everything to sleep, that they don't drain the battery. You'll have to side load them though. They don't seem to cause any issues with the memory either.This phone gets better to use everyday.

So he broke his iPhone 3. 15 years old and I am pretty certain he assumed if it was broken I would upgrade him to the iphone 5 he had hinted about that was just coming out.  Not a chance.  But, he needed a phone and this was inexpensive.  I expected a screaming, glaring, full blown Napoleon Dynamite temper tantrum.  But I didn't get one!  He actually really likes this phone.  No complaints at all and he's had it a few months.  I see him using it to text and play music and other smart phone things.  I am very pleased and if he &#34;accidentally&#34; breaks this one, it won't be nearly as painful replacing it.

Like the price, shipping was timely, product works just fine.  Got it 20$ cheaper than Target or Wal-Mart.  Not sure I'm thrilled about how little control the user has right out of the box over which programs run in the background, start themselves up, Heard about some malware running incognito (chinese back door?)  Don't know about it.  For any user buying this for a regular AT&T account to bypass the mandatory data plan, you can forget that.  Minimum 20$ per month extra just to use this stupid thing, even if you use zero data time.  I can't say how it works as a pay as you go; for me it just sits around like a cheap ipod touch.  battery life is decent in that regard.

It's my mini portable computer. Hubby has ordered one for himself. Very light and easy to use. Needed assistance with some settings

I got my phone in the recently, it was two days earlier than expected. It has a lot a great features. Warning: When you buy this pay as you go phone, you must call AT&T to tell them what package you want because I had an issue with the Package deals for smartphone, which was very misleading. I had to explain to them that I did not want to pay monthly, and they pretended like that was all they had available for this particular phone so I kept talking to them and they finally said that they have lower packages available such as $2.00 a day plan which is the one I chose. My advice to you becareful about AT&T they r a very tricky company!

I'm always the last one to follow the electronics trends and only bought this phone because text messaging on a phone without the QWERTY keyboard was getting to be a royal pain (I just started texting in the last year!).  As of now, I have no complaints.  I've had the phone for three weeks now and have been quite pleased.  It does what I need it to do.

Simple Android phone. Early version of operating system. Very slow to execute actions. Hangs up in browser. Overall a disappointment.

i got my first smart phone a year ago. it was the exact same phone displayed here but three months later it got wet and i tried everything and it didnt work. i got a cheap replacement basic go phone and even though it worked very good. i still wanted a smartphone so i purchased this one and when i got it i was satisfied to see that it was exactly what the seller had described. it was new and in the box, along with a new charger and battery. everything. some of the questions on here ask if it comes with a go phone sim card. the phone delivered to me did not come with a sim card included but that did not matter to me at all because i had my own sim card. for those who do need a sim card, either contact the seller directly or go to an att store to get a new sim.

I purchased this telephone for my 10 year old grandson who is on our family cell phone plan.  He has wanted an android and IPhone for  a while.  I just could not see purchasing an IPhone  for him.  They are very expensive and he is only 10.  I ran across this phone and decided to give it a try.  He loves this phone!!!  I love it this phone he has an  android phone without me spending a crazy amount of money.  We simply input his SIM card and that was it.  So far, so good it works fine..

I looked at this phone for awhile because I didn't want to leave my At&t Gophone number but did need to upgrade to a decent smartphone. This was an easy transition and not too much fuss.

The screen stops responding to touch if any moisture is on it. By that I mean, one atom of water. I don't know if this is a problem with the phone itself or because I bought it used?

It has been working great so far (: I love it and its so easy to work with. Love it

Phone arrived and worked for two days. After the two days it failed. Everyone said they can only hear echoes and now no one cant hear me at all without my blue tooth. THIS PHONE IS JUNK

Cheap phone, all that you need and is working fine. I had to unlock it to work in Brazil.(Unlocked for 15 bucks)

Bought this phone for my daughter for Christmas and so far she seems to like okay.  I think it was adjustment from the Blackberry she had.

I ordered this phone about 3weeks ago. Yes ,its a good phone but not compared to any thing about the iPhone. I had an iPhone and it messed up this fusion is just a back up I thought it would be great from half of the reviews. The camera is horrible! The pictures that you take look blury,it is basically a 3 compared to an iPhone. Although This Is my first android and I do have to say it is really different.If you talk on the phone alot this is not the one, it is hard to hear the other person and they have problems hearing you. The battery is very good! And itnruns apps all the time after I've canceled them it won't shut them off, even though I sign out of them they still stay on. Its really not to bad for the back up phone but its useable, since I have too deal with it till next June it'll have to do. Not my favorite I have to say!

This phone is very very bad if you are If a teenager interested in all of that high tech mumbo jumbo. If you just want a phone that has internet and can call and text, well here you go. The amount of times I dropped the phone and it never broke amazes me!!

I love the touchscreen on this cellphone because it is so user friendly. There are a variety of applications to choose from. I am pleased with my purchase!

I hated my LG and I replaced it with this one.  The screen does not enlarge print the same as most phones, you tap the screen instead of moving your fingers together and apart.  Basically, I would say it is the same as most android applications, easy to operate.  I would recommend it. It was worth the cost.

well this was my first "smart phone" and i was not what i expected. i was expecting a phone that you could at least download and play apps on, but every time i tried to open an app it would sit there and load for a few minutes and then it would crash which really disappointed me and like previous reviews said it does take the phone a while to make calls. it also had a hard time sending multimedia messages and would sometimes not even send the message at all. concluding this review i would not recommend this phone to anyone

The phone worked great... for a week. I did get it used, but the phone was obviously neglected by the previous owner. I observed poor customer service and now I do not have a working phone.

My phone does not work properly' I need customer assistance. Not a machine! None of the navy, gmail, email,google and every funtion except calls and text work.

I ordered this for my grandson to replace one without extending my contract. I didn't realize this was a smart phone. I thought it could be used as a smart phone. Once he put his sim card in, I received a text that a data plan had been activated. So if you are wanting a smart phone, this is a great phone for the money. It has wifi (for all I know they all do) but so far (only 2 weeks) he has not used a lot of data by using wifi when it is available.

Great phone and price!  Good phone for any age. Wi-Fi smart phone go phone and affordable. Camara is great with a change to indoor white balance changes.

ok...it came in in 2 days...the only thing is at&t text me right after I put sim card in...you must purchase a data plan for 20 a month,on top of your monthly bill to use phone.i tried to explain that I wanted it for phone ,not internet...doesn't matter...I m paying more but I love this phone

Awesome phone and for a very good price too! I also received it 2 days after purchasing it so I'm very happy with the shipping. I've had it for about 2 months now and it's still working great; fast downloads, long battery, etc. I payed $67 for the phone and have the GoPhone plan of $25 a month so this is perfect!

I purchased this phone as a replacement phone for my fiance. He hasnt had any problems with it, and is in fact enjoying it. I was very pleased with the order from amazon. The phone arrived witin 3-5 days as indicated when I placed the order. Great economical phone.

This was a gift to my sister, she is very happy with the phone, the att fusion is now her new bff

Very nice phone! Even if you are not on-line, it's veryeasy to use and fun too! The category pictures &#34;say&#34; a lot.Very nice! Penny

Great for the price and easy to use works like a dream and has all I would ever want on it, they are great I even got one for my husband and he loves it too.  I have everything at my finger tips now.

This is a great phone and does everything that was promise, I love it and the it was a good price, I am enjoying it more as I use it

Bought one of these for my son at a brick-and-mortar store awhile ago. Based on his experience I ordered one for myself to replace another cheap Android phone that failed to perform as needed. We're using Pure TalkUSA (an AT&T MVNO) for inexpensive voice and 3G connectivity. Among the things I really like about this Huawei product are great voice quality and very good wifi and packet network reception. GPS is also good, and when paired with the 3G radio makes using navigation software a breeze. CPU speed is decent, and RAM adequate, to run most software without difficulty. Having an FM radio on board is a nice addition, especially when off the grid. Battery life is surprisingly good (a full charge will last all day given moderate use). Small enough to fit in a pocket, this handset has a solid feel to it, with a bright, readable display. All in all I'd highly recommend this model to anyone looking for a budget smartphone.

Got this for my mom who wanted to jump into the android world.  Got a straight talk sim (ATT network) and changed the APN settings and works like a charm.  It's pretty fast and the screen is clear and responsive.

Great phone at a great price. has the same features as most of the expensive androids and Iphones. easy to navigate and fast.

A good little device, not anything amazing but you shouldn't expect amazing for 80 dollars. I'm going to be sending this back since AT&T requires a data plan with it but for the limited time I've had it, I haven't had any problems.

Brought this phone for my daughter she loves it! Didnt want to buy her an expensive phone but wanted sonething nic!

I love this phone .I am still learning all the great things that it does .works better than expected and great deal

I really think I made a wise choice in choosing this phone. It is perfect for beginner such as myself who never used a smartphone. Easy to use and learn. I would say it is a perfect phone for the price.

A friend of mine used to never pick up his phone or answer text messages - always blamed his screen being broken on his old flip-phone (which it was). So I got the other guys to pool together and get him this phone.SIM card swapped out fine - we tested it out by calling him and it worked perfectly. Android interface was easy enough for him to use and, despite me only ever having used iPhones before, I was able to download an app and record a new ringtone for him before handing the gift over - a rowdy chorus of the rest of us singing &#34;PICK UP YOUR PHOOONNEE!&#34;I had intended for him to not get a data plan (he was making close to minimum wage), but apparently AT&T; found out he was using a smartphone and wanted to charge him anyway (boo - why can't he just use wifi-only?). Not a huge deal in the end - he's paying for the minimum plan and is actually enjoying it.

I was looking for an inexpensive android as a gift for my sister and I found it! Good price too.

Only complaint would be there is no flash. Bummer. Also, a couple of apps, like vine, will say the phone istoo old to download.

I was looking for a great Android phone that was reasonably priced and user friendly. I like AT&T cell phone service and this phone was a great choice for me.

This phone is AWESOME! I've only had it a few days but wow, it works great! It has really good graphics and audio, its really good on wifi and loads hd youtube video really fast without buffering in the middle of the video! And I like to play on my phone a lot and even after playing on it all day it still had over 50% battery not to mention after watching an 90 minute hd video the battery barely went down at all!!!

At first I loved this phone. I still mostly like it, but I have noticed a sort of whistling background noise when using headphones. It's especially noticeable when listening to classical music or talk radio/podcasts, or basically when listening to any audio that has intervals of quiet. Otherwise the music etc. trumps the whistling. The effect varies by which headphones I use, but I have confirmed my headphones work fine with other devices. So, if you plan on using headphones with this device to listen to music, video, etc, then I recommend buying it from a store that you could return it to in the event that you notice this problem and find it unacceptable. Update: I have tried 2 other Fusion 2's of friends and all have the exact same whistling problem (again with different headphones).Update 2: I use this phone with just the 10 cents per minute plan, no data plan. I realized that to get picture messages to work, I have to temporarily enable data in the phone settings. Do this easily by dragging the top bar down and tapping the data icon.Update 3: I just noticed the charger sometimes makes a ringing noise. Confirmed on one friend's charger as well.

You will have to have the data connection for the phone to work did not expect thatWorks OK but the cost for data is higher than I wanted.

the phone worked well for two months.  then starting shutting itself down or completely freezing up where you would have to remove the battery to shut down and restart.  waste of money.

I bought this phone for my mom because she really needed to upgrade and she loves it. Now she has went from what is a app to Facebook and downloading all the time. It was a great buy for someone who was not cellphone savvy!

I purchased the phone since I searched in the field for page plus phone and this one appeared. It is a nice phone but it is no use to me.

Anybody know the straight talk sim card pin for this phone? My bf has this phone with straight talk but it seems like mine is locked

I've had this phone for a year while I await my upgrade. It's a good durable phone that gets the job done. It's cheap so don't expect it to be an iPhone but it can do anything a smartphone can do only slight nor as fast/good.

Cheaper than elsewhere and the priority shipping was as quick as any other shipping available through ATT.  My daughter likes this phone and it has worked well so far AND she hasn't lost it yet!

Cheap phone ,it will not charge at times even on different chargers ,freezes and locks up ,stops working.Bought 3 at once only 1 is  working sometimes .

Works sufficiently to get the job done but not the best smartphone on the market. I brought this as a replacement device for lost phone. I was under contract didn't want to spend more for the replacement than I did for the original phone.

so sorry to AT&T;, I apologize.  this phone is great, after I figured it out and yes you can 'delete&#34;(it is in the info book).the only thing I have problems with is the keypad  it is a bit small, but I deal with it.

I am a heavy texter and I love to shop online, this phone works great for both. My calls are a bit fuzzy and my charger does not work on the cell phone. It'll charge for a while and then stop charging it, wierd. Otherwise, a good investment.Update: This phone has serious issues. It has a very hard time charging. The charger itself was making a weird buzzing noise when it was first purchased. The phone itself now will not charge. No matter how long it is plugged in to the wall, the notification light continuously blinks red and will not charge, nor will the phone turn on. This really sucks and now Im looking into the return policy.

I love it!! absolutely not to much not to little. Great phone at a great price and its an Android!!

What do you buy to replace the $500 Samsung Galaxy that your son ruined with a coupe months that was not under accidental breakage warranty?  This phone which comes with all the basic features needed at a low cost.  You are giving up the large surface area screen though.

was not to happy about getting this phone but so glad i did! i would def recommend this phone for anyone

I got this phone on a sale by amazon and its a great starter android phone. If you currently have AT&T service, then you can just put your SIM card in and use it with your current plan. You don't have to get a data plan either and just use it like a regular phone, paying basic services. This is especially great if you want and android phone without paying for data charges, wifi is available to use. This is a small phone so some people with larger hands might find it too small to type or for those with bad eyesight, seeing the little icons and reading on it would be difficult.

This is hands down the worst phone I have ever owned, i don't see how it got so many good reviews. I'll list each problem.1.  Service.  I live in a metro area and i get two bars on a good day.  90% of the time i don't get a signal at all, which makes no sense because I've used att before and had no service issues.2.  Wifi.  The wifi turns on and off by itself, is off most of the time, and 90% of the time won't let you enter the password for your home wifi, and even when it does, the wifi shuts off within a few seconds anyway and there is no way to save wifi passwords on the phone., i.e. no "connect automatically" option.3.  This phone vibrates so loud it is incredible, and it doesn't have a silent mode.  I can't put it on vibrate if i go to church or someplace quiet because it is so loud.  I just have to shut it off altogether.Terrible phone, it should be pulled from shelves for being defective.  This is the last time I buy a fusion of any kind.

Callers say, they have a hard time hearing me as my voice goes in and out, so I have to keep repeating myself.  This happens 9 out of 10 times. I also have to keep turning it on to see the screen as it goes black while talking.  Everyone knows that most of the time you need to see the screen to enter numbers for responses to automated calls and it becomes a hassle.

This phone is not for those used to a smartphone. It is a decent entry level phone for your pre-teen. However, as the phone gets older, 4 months or so, issues begin to creep up. If you don't mind the phone rebooting itself or being able to hear the person you're talking to but they can't hear you, then this is the phone to get. Also, if you don't mind the phone freezing whereby you have to take the battery out for it to unfreeze, then this is the phone for you.  Remember, these problems only begin to rear their head after you've owned it for about 4 months or so.

I had an Apple 4s for two years under a draconian ATT contract and when the contract expired I ditched the iPhone for a go phone.  Why?  First off the iPhone doesn't have good sound quality, I rarely hear a caller without having to ask them to repeat themselves.  This GoPhone has clear voice quality and I can hear and be heard.  Next the Apple phones are expensive and everything you add to it usually costs money, the GoPhone dosen't cost anything for services that should be free.  My iPhone was hard to manage, could change my id which was extremely frustrating after losing it once.  The fusion is a lightweight, practical smart phone that won't walk the dog or talk to you, but darned if it just does the job of being a phone.

This phone isn't bad at all.. The only concern is  keyboard it is kinda small but useable. The camera isn't the best but its ok had it about 2 months so far

The reason for the one star is not because of shipping or seller issues.  Shipping was fastand it was exactly like seller described.  The problem is the phone....after a week I started having issues with it putting people on hold while I was talking to them.  Hitting the back button on the internet would kick me off.  Same issues as with my old Fusion 2.  I would highly recommend this seller.  I believe I just got a bad phone.

I get the phone and its a little scratched up that's cool I read the description. I take the back off to check the battery and all the white stickers that tell you if the phone has any water damage are all red showing that it does. Really? Could of mention that.

It's a cheap phone, and has an outdated version of Android. Can be very slow so you have to keep your cache cleared and close programs you aren't using, as well as deleting texts and keeping your photo albums clean. My power button is very touchy, I don't know if I just got one that's broken or if they're all like this, but it doesn't click or give you any sort of response. It feels very &#34;mushy&#34; and you can't tell if you're pressing it or not. Also if you press the power button all the way down, it won't turn the phone on, you have to get used to barely touching it to turn it on. This is the biggest complaint I have about this phone as this can be a real pain when you're trying to do something in a hurry, and it makes using the phone frustrating in general. However, it's cheap, it has Android (an older version, but hey), and it's a heck of a lot better than some of the other GoPhones AT&T sells, so I would overall recommend it.

Phone, good for the price.Treat it like an ipod touch. Purchase the 25 dollar plan  and use your home, mcdonalds, or starbucks wifi. It is great for the price.

I got this for my girlfriend as she really hated her pantach freestyle after owning it for awhile.  she loves this phone and what it does. This is a great little smart phone, without being over the top or overly large. It fits in a pocket easily and does everything you will ever need from a phone.

Personally I enjoy this phone. Im actually using it to write this review. The only problem I have is the fact that its at&t which doesn't have very good service. Also I have a pattern to unlock the screen and all of a sudden it stopped turning green when I swiped the right pattern. Its not a big deal since it still unlocks.

This product has a very nice look to it, and is easily accessible. However, it closes windows and apps in the middle of a process. There are times when the startup screen will not come on at all, and there are times when it will not acknowledge the sim card. I thought that this was a fluke, so I replaced it according to my warranty. I have had the same issues with the replacement as well. The designers really need to rethink this product.

I started out with the Avail.Had issues with it.Returned it for the Fusion 2 and I absolutely love this phone....

Was easy to start up. Like this phone. So easy just to load card, charge and it is done. Shipping was fast, arrived on time. Would recommend it.

i really like the phone it is was a good price . for pay as you go phone grand granddaughter like the phone to

I have nothing bad to say about this solid and inexpensive smartphone. I used to have an iPhone that cost me nearly $90 a month and I was locked into a two-year contract. I used a fraction of the time I had to pay for, and barely used the text. It was just more phone than I needed, but my own flip-phone just wasn't enough. I needed something in-between, where I could just pay for what I needed, and still have the basic smartphone capabilities.I took the old regular SIM card from my V3 Razr and popped it into this phone, and I must say I am very, very pleased. I now just pay for the time I talk, and I got a basic $10 a month text package, which suites me perfectly. I turned off the data and just use wi-fi, so my monthly usage is about $25 total, a huge improvement over my iPhone contract.The phone is very well made. It's just 3G, which isn't a big deal to me since I don't do data, and it is a tad slow on some of the apps, but it allows me to use my banking app, get email, text and talk for a fraction of what it used to cost me. I have had no problems with this phone, and it works very well. If you're into music, video, work apps and all the bells and whistles, this clearly isn't for you, but if your old flip-phone just doesn't cut it and you want to step up to a solid basic smartphone, I'd highly recommend this one. It takes the older, regular size SIM cards, and also has an expansion slot for microSIMs. Great phone at a great price...you can't go wrong.

I purchased this phone at Target on June 12 and it was on sale for $39.98 but not all Target stores are honoring this discounted price.  I love this phone and having a GoPhone gives me peace of mind knowing I am not obligated to a contract, there will not be any hidden bills because everything is prepaid, and a Data Plan is not compulsory.  When I send/receive phone calls, the sound is awesome.  I like the home screen that has a plethora of icons and having a touchscreen is a luxury. The Fusion 2 is a marvelous cell phone and you can spread the good word that this smartphone is just as good or better than those smartphones that force you to sign a contract and pay for a monthly Data Plan.

It's like having a smartphone at a great price.  Purchased this phone for my son and he's very happy.  My son already recommended this phone to his friends.

not ridiculously priced and its a good phone. I can get on all my apps quick and organized. i love it

Good value, entry level phone that is a good fill in waiting for a smarter phone to go on sale. Good product, Amazon and partners free shipping is really gone downhill. From a week to 2 weeks from order date to arrival. Postal mail is faster. Geez it ain't coming from across the country just from the Midwest to FL.

Phone is slow to load, and the damn smiley face is next to the erase button and all I get is smiley faces.....sighOther than being slow it works, really miss my samsung galexy II

i'm not a go to guy for this type of product review. I had a 1.5 android phone, not a vast array of products. from internet to phone to looks this item(fusion 2) fits me perfectly !

This is my very first smartphone, after my old phone died about 3 days ago. I got the Fusion2 pay as you go phone, and I honestly love it. I bought it at my local Wal-Mart for $80. A replacement for my crappy old phone would be $160, so I decided to try this one out.I love all the features and the fact I can get on the internet and Facebook!My favorite feature is the swipe keyboard, since my fat fingers kept hitting the wrong button or changing the language all the time. The colored lights that tell you what you've received are neat. Such as a text lights up green or a Facebook notification lights up blue. The camera works just fine for me, I think the quality is good. I don't see why everyone is complaining about it.The phone size is good and fits perfectly in my hand (almost).I haven't tried the built in apps like the GPS or anything, but I hear they work pretty well, and I definitely need a GPS because I'm always lost.Honestly, if this is your first smart phone, I think you'll enjoy it. I know I did!

I like the ease of operation, easy to take pictures, set up email and get online and download search engines.

Purchased one to replace an under contract Droid that died on me, this is a very sharp little phone. Popped in my existing SIM card and was good to go. Runs Android 2.3.6 right out of the box, my main gripe is the dismal battery life, comes with a 1400 mAh battery. There are some after market 1500 mAh batteries out there but not sure about those.
