
Samsung GALAXY S3 has no competition, it's the best. Color garnet red is beautiful, features on this cell phone were beyond my expectations.

...This is an international phone, and Samsung US cannot fix it-- you will need to talk to Samsung representatives in the UK or elsewhere for assistance. EDIT/UPDATE: Samsung UK isn't responding. US customers avoid this and other international phones.

Of all the things I have purchased on Amazon I was most skeptical with this phone. I received the phone in less time than advertised and I can say without a doubt this phone is amazing. Phone was unlocked and ready to use the moment I got it. Love the color as well. I was not a fan of the white and didn't like the blue so I decided to try the red and I am glad I went with it.

My wife is more than happy by her new phone. She owns it for few days now.Delivered to Russia, it has European style AC charger with an adapter for US outlets, which surprised me pleasantly.It accepts micro-SIM card only, but with help of SIM card cutter (5$ priced), regular SIM card easily converted to micro-SIM.Its camera makes great pictures and front camera shows good quality image when used with Skype.Although red, equipped with white headset. Don't use it though, because bought http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005IMB5NG/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00, which in pair with this phone allows not only phone calls, but use of any multimedia. It must be a big plus in a car with GPS navigation software.

I purchased the red galaxy International phone. I had difficulty with the charging port going into the phone from day one. The cable would only go in partially. It would charge so I thought maybe that was the way it was suppose to be. My bad... Then in week two the cable would not insert at all. I then took the liberty to buy an additional cable from Amazon in case it was the cable. Again my bad... I say my bad because by the time I contacted the seller they referred me to the Samsung international, tried the cable my 30 day warranty has expired by 3 days. So now both - Distr and Amazon say can't do anything.Some things to keep in mind-- first and foremost I received a defective product from day one.2) Two read the return warranty from the co. 30 days means 30 days not when you get it but when you receive it. So you don't get 30 days I got 24 days. You certainly will not get any give from them even if they send you crap. 3) Amazon will not come to your aid either if your 3 days past the 30 days 4) Also when purchasing an international phone it negates any US warranty but you can call UK or email UK with your fingers crossed that someone will get back to you. I am still waiting for a response.I would have accepted a replacement. Didn't offer. So I can only help your phone works and don't expect anything from them.

I loved it, it was my 2012 christmas present, it is a realle awesome cellphone and worked perfect in Venezuela with Movistar company. Thanks

I am not a smartphone user (yes, believe me! as of this review date, I do not own a smartphone). I purchased this product from amazon as a gift for my dad. He loves it, the only negative I could hear from him was the battery life of the product. I do not know if this is standard to these type smartphones, but he has to charge it at least couple of times a day in order to have it running the entire day. Other than that, he loves the color and the phone

It worked perfectly for a couple of weeks and all sudden crashed. I couldn't charge it all & had to return it.As of writing I suspect it must have had some factory defective issues. That said I appreciate Amazon prompt reaction of processing the necessary documents to return it and credit my account.

I love this phone I just bought it and it is great so far . Battery life awesome. It came a little last then I expected but when it arrived I haven't put it down I just simply love it.

everything i need... sometimes i dont need to open my laptoplike better than i phonelonger batery timebetter cameramost of the apps for free

the product is very bad.I run just 1 year.I bought 2 and was the same with bothare thieves

The wife loves it.  She doesn't use 99% of the features but she loves it regardless.  I am kind of anti-cell phone but even I was impressed by this device.  After she played with it for half a day she asked me to call her.  It wasn't instantly obvious to her how to answer the call.  I searched the manual (a downloaded .pdf file).  The answer was on page 73.  Anything that takes a manual with hundreds of pages and where you don't get to the most basic & fundamental function until page 73 is arguably a bit complicated for anyone over the age of 15, let alone someone entering geezerdom.Did I mention that she loves it?

Phone size is pushing the boundaries toward a small book or maybe a shrunken tablet. it all depends on hand size.  Whatever your ring size, you will appreciate the overall size. Reading a book or web browsing for the latest will be a joy.The phone color is outstanding - deep cherry red. I have my hardware wrapped in a black case with the red peeking out around the edges of the screen.The colors on the phone bang as well . with almost any application (game or video) the colors explode and your lenses will appreciate it with each moment of use.With the phone sporting a quad core, it is super responsive.  no matter the chore I throw at it, no hesitation. When taking photos, I experience only milliseconds of shutter lag. it is just mustang!All is not perfect about this phone however.  The placement of the power button on the right and the volume button the left is a bad design. When you grip the phone with one hand (which is 99.99% of the time) your fingers naturally come to rest on both the keys at the same time. Attempt to turn the volume down and your mistaking turn the phone off.  Go to hit the phone ON button and now you have lowered the  volume on your favorite song. Take heart thou, after a few gaffes you learn to reposition your hand to avoid these errors.Get this phone and you might find yourself writing a review too.

Impressed with the quality of the product. Completely fulfilled all expectations! The color apart from the rest. After eight months of using the product works perfectly ...

I bought the phone Sansung Galaxy 3 on July 15, 2013, (10 months).He is presenting defect has one month. He does not hold a charge. I already bought 3 batteries and does not work, the charge ends in 1 or 2 calls.

Got the phone on time in its original box with all accessories. Phone fully functional and I have to say I am a happy customer :)

Love the color...it's also light-weight and packed with features. Has front and back camera which takes awesome pictures. I'm very happy with my Samsung phone.

The phone was I received was in awesome condition. The screen is gorgeous and the battery life is great too! Way better than my old Galaxy Nexus. I sold my old Nexus because the battery life was horrendous, my newly obtained Gs3 quickly put my fears to rest after having spend a whole day with it. The camera is decent enough for a smartphone, keep in mind it's nothing you'll get on a DSLR, but it is one of the best Cameras on any smartphone currently. As far as speed goes, it's pretty zippy and I've experienced no lag. So far, this phone has been awesome.However, the phone I recieved was blocked from Network access by att. Meaning it was reported stolen/lost and now it's basically useless unless you're in a wifi hotspot. I inserted my H20 sim and tried making a phone call, but it said "This device is restricted from Network service". I talked to a person from att and they confirmed that the phone was reported. I suggest contacting the seller and inquire about the phone thoroughly before purchasing.

El producto nunca due entregado y todav&iacute;a tengo problemas para la devoluci&oacute;n de mi dinero, deber&iacute;an monitorear a la empresa que hace la entrega... Estoy sumamente molesto, me parece una falta de seriedad absoluta y Amazon, no muestra el interes en resover el asunto

I like the phone!  Its user friendly and it has a lot of good features and gadgets.  Unfortunately, the phone is taking longer and longer to charge.  It takes now 24 hours to fully charge, this performance goes way below my expectations.

Love this phone,  it was shipped on time and haven't had a problem since. It does not come with a charger hence my four stars and battery life is about equal to an HTC  but other than that it is great.

I love this phone, it does everything I need and then some. The red is the prettiest in my opinion.  I would recommend that any buyer of a 16gb s3 to get external memory especially if you don't want to root your phone.

you've seen the reviews about this phone all over the net.coming now in a red, attractive package, doesn't really get much better.also, this seller is also excellent in giving quick replies and is also willing to help.great device, great colour, great customer service...all around 5-star experience

Perfect.. sound is beautiful (including skype), images are amazing, so many features, even our toddler plays with it (apps) and nothing has happened. Just perfect.

I purchased this phone about a month ago. I have to say it is everything I want and need in a phone. The garnet red is a nice color. The screen is nice and bright. It might be a little large if you have small hands. I upgraded from the RAZR and haven't looked backed!I have had no issues with this phone whatsoever. If your looking for a great phone, I recommend the Galaxy S3 which will be even better when it is upgraded to jellybean!!!!!

I just love my new phone. I had an Iphone S4 before and was thinking on moving to IOS 5 but changed my mind after reading many reviews about the 5. Samsung is a great great phone, so much better than the IPhone. Now I'm wondering why I waited so long for the change (I had an iphone for the past 3 years). Phone looks great, fantastic color. It came fast, no issues at all. Loving it.

Item was received quickly and had all accessories. I have not begin using the device but the experience of purchasing this phone online was easy and excellent service provided.

I love this one. One of the best phones I've ever owned. It's so fast, so easy to work with, yet so easy to make your own. The battery life isn't that great but there are many accessories to help with that. Overall, a very epic phone.

This is exactly what I've been looking for! So many new things to learn yet though. I would definitely recommend this to my friends!

I bought the phone because  the price was great.  The phone was great except I could never get the WiFi to work properly. The WiFi would only connect if there were no Sim card installed.Getting a refund could have been a little easier, but in the end I got it.  Seemed like I was dealing with an individual, rather than a company.I can't say you won't get a good phone at a great price, just that MY unit was defective.

I am very upset you did not inform me that this was an international cell. Phone.  It broke in 3 months  and all I get from the web site is we can't do anything.  The warranty is NO GOOD.  I need to over seas to see if they can fix it.  It took me 3 weeks to get some one overseas to look at it.  I would never buy from this company again. The company told me just to look at would be 45.00 and then if they don't want to fix it it is to bad.

CRASHED WITHIN 3 MONTHS......IT IS WHAT IT IS PRETTY SHELL BUT A DUMB PHONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOT IMPRESSED AT ALL BEING A WHILE BUT STILL A LOSS

My International Samsung galaxy S III smart phone from Amazon arrived on time, and in pristine condition. My new phone is awesome. I am absolutely thrilled with all the product features. Move over Apple; there's a new Samsung Sheriff in town. Thanks Amazon!!!!

Hello, good afternoon, I have a question, and I wonder if this version works for Venezuela, because I will not lose my purchaseis actually unlocked and for international version?

There is nothing to complain about, so far. I've been looking at this phone off and on since it came out and none of the others I looked at had quite the features this does. The camera is a vast improvement over my last phone (T-Mobile Comet), screen resolution is qualitatively better, it runs everything faster and without the glitches that weren't really tolerable, but a glitchy ap is better than none. No such problems here. It does more than I'll ever figure out. I'm happy.

i like the phone it came in in a timely matter...plus it works greatthese people are serious about their work...

It is a great phone, and I am using it in Mexico on the Iusacell network and it works like a charm.

This phone surpassed my expectations. I have no criticisms. Everyday I find a different reason to love this phone. The color, the aps, the features - Go SAMSUNG!

The Samsung Galaxy S111 arrived on date due...New and well wrapped...I love it and so far is working excellent.  It very light on weight, feels fragil but yet looks like it can withstand bump and scratches....and since I bought a flip cover case for the phone from amazon in green, it feel Iike I have a new cellphone and better protected, so from a burgundy color, which is the phone, now with the new flip cover case, is green, so I ordered two more flip cover cases in red and white. I am in love with my Samsung Galaxy S3.

the device works properly for few months and then it starts the original thing of slowing down and get hangs.I would never ever recommend this device to anyone

son confiables, el producto lleg&oacute; en buenas condiciones y para la fecha estimada, y por eso lo catalogo con 5 estrellas me gusta

Simple easy to use phone with my small hand love the color. The camera and video are crisp and clean still learning every day.

It's great i love my cellphone it does everithingIts is sleek and elite and classy i love it love it

Is it OK for T-mobile prepaid sim card ?Hv 4G or 3G ?Normal sim or micro sim'?tthank you

The phone is amazing! It's my first smart phone and I am very happy with it, it keeps me busy discovering.

Great phone great deal saved a lot of money will be making many more purchases Love it and buying another one for my self soon this was foe my wife she wont put it down!

Before I buy this phone I just wanted to know if this phone supports 4g cause there is no point to buying it if it's gonna be on edge

Very good phones I love it mi wife. She feel very good with the Samsung 3 ,I buy two 1 for me 1 for her

I find the phone to be well designed. The icons are fluorescent enough to be identified even in darkness. The key is large enough to obviate unnecessar slip of fingers. The e-mail list and telephone log are elaborate. In all it is good for the money I spent on its purchase.

I got my Samsung Galaxy S3 about two months ago, and I LOVE IT! I tell everyone it is the best piece of technology to ever happen to me. It is fast, sleek, customizable, easy to navigate, has a nice touch screen, and long battery life. There is nothing I would change about this phone, and I am so glad I chose it over the iPhone 5!

i love this phone, this is my first attempt at touch screen anything and already i love it better than the iphone my friends had me trying to buy. i think it's great. it takes amazing pictures... i still am not sure all the incredible-ness that this machine has to offer...but i do know that it is way smarter than me and i like it. :)

Im an android girl,vand when Samsumg develop the SIII i couldn't be happier to get it, it runs so good , also allows me to use it as a mini tablet, so help me multi-task and keep organized, just love and and crazy about the red color

I thought I would be able to use this GMS phone with Verizon but it doesn't work!! And it sucks.. thinking about returning it.. other than that everything is fine.

This phone is fantastic. It feel great in the hand and pocket, despite the immense screen size. The software is incredibly fast and smooth although the "IOS rip off" crowd does have a case on a few of its features. Regardless, the phone runs great, is very powerful and battery length is quite good due to the large battery (easily lasts 24 hours of light to moderate use). The bootloader is factory unlocked and works without issue on multiple SIMs on Venezuela Movilnet.

Did want a international phone and that's what I got sent had to spend another five hundred for what I ordered from Amazon. No I'm not happy about this particular purchase...

When I got this phone the charger was not working properly. The phone was left charging all night and only charged 16% by the next morning. I bought a new Samsung charger and got the same problem. I figured it might be something with the battery also. Now all I have is a 'dummy phone' that is not working which I paid a lot of cash for.

The color is great, but it's very hard to find a case that would suit it. If you're into customization, this is the phone for you.. battery life on this phone is really bad. I got an ugly wall charger with this phone. Pictures are better than those on iPhone.

I could not wait to get my hand on this phone! This phone is awesome! It was well worth the wait  this is better than any Iphone... It works great and the display is something that xan not be discribed how AWESOME it is.... I cant wait for the S4 to come out

This phone is incredible.  It came quickly from this seller and is as described.This is the best phone on the market (including the iphone 5) by far.  It is on the larger size so if you have small hands you may want to look at a smaller screen size.  Although there are small women using the Galaxy Note...The red is gorgeous.  The front is a dark red that has a certain sparkle to it in light.  The back I was a little disappointed in as it almost looks pink is certain lights; not the same color as the front at all.  Luckily you can buy any color back cover you want (I went carbon fiber) for about $13 on amazon.I can't say enough about how good this phone is.  It does everything and more.  So many innovative features its not funny.

I got it in good timing, the seller is great.I never thought of buying a phone online, but im really happy I did :)Its amazing, I learn how to do something new everyday

POR SER UN PRODUCTO DE EXCELENTE CALIDAD, LA ENTREGA SUPERO MIS EXPECTATIVAS A PESAR DE HABER COMPRADO EN TEMPORADA ALTAME FUE ENTREGADO EN BUEN ESTADO, ME PARECIO QUE LA ENTREGA FUE EFICIENTE, SE LOS RECOMIENDO

I would recommend this product to everyone who uses an android phone and on at&t or on a GSM network

it's a light cell phone but it has all the apps that i need and there is more space on it. The great advantage is the micro sd card slot that make of this phone greater.

I bought it for my boyfriend for xmas,he started using as soon as I got it home,he loves it,wouldn't let me touch it at all,I'm accident prone,oh well.

09/09/2013I purchased this to Samsung Galaxy S lll I9300 Unlocked GSM Phone with 4.8&#34; HD Super AMOLED Screen, 8MP Camera, Android OS 4.0, International Version - Garnet Red to replace a Blackberry. I paid $425 for this phone. I  thouroughly read reviews. When I received the phone it came in a very nice red box. The phone is a beautiful deep wine color -  I actually paid more just for the original looking color of the phone and the fact that it's unlocked. The phone was shipped in a timely fashion. I received the phone three weeks ago today. I went to T-Mobile, they had no problem with the international sim or transferring all of my data from the Blackberry to the Galaxy. Those are the positives...Now for the negatives:1) From day one I noticed that the phone was 3G versus 4G. I asked T-Mobile about that. They said that the speed was made up for with the &#34;H+&#34;. NOT! The speed is relatively slow considering the phone and what it should be able to accomplish.2) I am only able to send a maximum of 10 persons per text. I have a group of 36 people that I regularly texted at once with my Blackberry. I now have had to break that group into sets of 10 and resend the same text message 4 times - very frustrating.3) I have 6 email accounts on my phone. It took me three days to get the &#34;Microsoft Exhange&#34; accounts active. Not intuitive at all.4) The 6 email accounts do not sync without manual assistance. I have tried everything. Called everyone. It's disgusting! I wake up in the morning and only have emails from gmail and hotmail the other accounts must be manually synced ALL DAY LONG. I never had this problem with my Blackberry. It synced every 1-5 minutes.5) My work provides free WiFi. It drops every 5 minutes. It never dropped at all with my Blackberry.6) Random applications just run for no reason sucking the life out of my battery. My Blackberry battery lasted 48-72 hours. The battery when I finally released the phone after 4 years of use was the original. There was no lack of charge.In conclusion, the Samsung Galaxy S lll I9300 is mediocre at best. It has a lot of apps (I read my InStyle magazine on my phone now). I wish Blackberry was not going out of business. I would have purchased another one of those.My next phone will probably be an Apple. My friends and co-workers love theirs - Oh well, lesson learned.Like I said earlier, it has only been 3 weeks since I received the phone maybe my experience will improve. If it does I will write an update.

I asked what is the warranty for the Galaxy SIII (international version) unlocked phone. I received no answer, thus makes me believe that this product is not warranted by Samsung, or by anybody else.

I choose this phone because I already had the Galaxy S2 phone and I enjoyed using it. I needed to replace it because it would heat up, drain the fully charged battery and cut off. This started happening about the second year of usage. My phone carrier did not offer to replace my phone so I decided to buy an unlocked phone so I could dump my phone carrier and save money. I already knew how the phone worked so this was an upgrade for me. The phone works fine and I was able to get it in my favorite color burgundy! I would recommend this phone. I think the Iphone is highly overated and Samsung is comparable if not better than Apple!

It is all what I read and more....I am still learning how to optimize it! I think at the end this phone will read my mind!

I hate the fact that the power button is on the side and I keep turning my device off every time I try to take a picture: the button would inevitably get pushed by either my right big finger or left index finger when I try to hold it in a horizontal position. Man, is it driving me crazy!! The same with the volume buttons. I just happen to accidentally mute my phone all together while trying to take a picture in the landscape orientation.God knows I am not an Apple fan, but this one button arrangement might make me get rid of the device.

Very good team, I like a lot, slow delivery but what good is worth waiting. I have had no technical problems with it. It is very good, nice, but that red is a color almost red wine and I love my team champion of Venezuela.

Had my doubts over buying open items such as a phone, works great I think Samsung has the best products out there.

Very satisfied with my cellular new one, very nice and good material, it is a surprising technology, totally satisfied with the cellular one

This phone is amazing. It works great. I love it so much I call it Romeo. I strongly recommend this phone.

If you are looking for a smartphone, the best one in the market, this is it! Some people say that the screen is too large but for me is amazing. I can watch movies, youtube videos, I can even control my Sony TV with this phone. It has lots of apps and games, most of them are free.

Santa brought me this phone (a little early!) and I love it. My previous phone was 3 years old so it was time to upgrade. The garnet red color is spectacular. The features are plentiful and very easy to use. There may be a slight learning curve for those not familiar with the latest abilities of this phone, but I suggest just playing with it. It's really the only way to learn. The camera takes fantastic photos. Some reviewers have commented that if you have small hands, the phone may be too big for you. I have small hands and find no problems with the phone. I am so happy with this phone. There is only one thing - and it's not against the phone, but the sellers. Please be aware that if you buy this phone, you need a micro SIM card. Had I known that prior to purchase, I could have obtained the card before the phone came. All in all, you will be extremely happy with this phone!

A nice smart phone, I love it because it is slimer yet fully packed with all necessary applications a modern person would look for

Love the phone arrived in perfect condition. I have been using this phone in Peru for almost a month, 4G hasn't arrived in Peru but works perfect with 3G. Love the phone!!!! My husband has had an iphone 4S a year now and since I got my Galaxy he prefers to use it because the screen is bigger and it is easier to use!I was very undecided between the iphone 5 and the Samsung Galaxy SIII, since I needed it to be unlocked I read a lot about both phones. The price of the Galaxy was better but the size was kind of a problem. I have broken a lot of phones, even drowned my blackberry on December so I went with the least expensive phone.After it arrived I have to say I am very happy with the size, it is bigger but I love the screen size. Although I have small hands it works perfect for me. It is a little big for my jean pockets but I almost always carry it on my purse so problem solved!Would recommend the phone and the seller since it arrived perfect and works perfect!!!

I'm sure I would love this Samsung Galaxy S III, if that had indeed been what the distributor had given me!!! Instead I got some grey old looking model of a Samsung version of a blackberry with a full keypad and a 1 inch x 1.5 inch screen (and no, it wasn't a touch screen). What I did receive is called a Samsung Chat 357. I assume that most other people received the proper phone since there are so many great ratings for this, and I would likely give it a great rating if I actually received it. However, the &#34;phone&#34; I received can only be reviewed using words of profanity, so I will leave it at that. I saw someone else say &#34;beware of this distributor&#34;, and I would like to second that statement.

Nice upgrade from the Ace but the screen brightness is a real disapointment.  No way to see the screen outdoors.  Fair battery life but on par with the industry average.  Love the larger keyboard and better camera which is a couple of reasons I upgraded to this model.

So far the S3 has been amazing, no need for complaints. Great all around phone, great downloads, great OS, great features. Phone it self seems a little weak so just ensure you get a good case and don't allow the phone to fall.

pretty fast, the screen it's so brilliant, an spectacular performance in games and other aplications.. in general real nice for the price..

I gotta say im doing this review after 1.5 years. My cellphone has been perfect during all this time, never ever had a problem with it. I travel a lot and is a huge advantaje to have a smart phone like this one. Battery stays a full day, original battery. Now after a lotttttt of use the sides are a little scratched, but to be fair it fell from my hands a couple of times. an it keep working perfectly! no no no.... best phone ever had! Cant wait to have s5!

beautifull phone, the fact that is red make the diference, and the style is great!the speed is awesome and the weight is very helpfull.

I owned this since october 2012 and still working great.  I even used this in other country and didn't have any problem.
