
First off I have been an apple fanboy since the iPhone 4 came out and I always loved their products. However, I felt it was time for a change to a more open operating system with many more features. And let me tell you this phone delivers! When I first started using it I could noticeably tell how much faster it was than my previous phone (iPhone 4). I expected as much because it is packing a lot more hardware than an iPhone. Also, I did not notice any of that typical android lag I have heard so much about. Overall I would highly recommend this phone to anyone, especially those who are switching from the Apple Cult.Pros-Great Battery Life! I get about 21 hours with heavy usage (frequent web browsing, downloading apps, youtube, games, texting)It is very fast and responsiveScreen is just as good as the iPhone, but larger. I have also noticed fingerprints can be wiped away easily, and it is very resistant to themThe design is very durable and the phone feels solid. Plus it is water resistantThe operating system is vey close to vinilla androidThe speaker is very loudCall quality is goodMotorola SmartactionsCons-Verizon BloatwareShips with 4.0.4 ICS, but the update is coming this week (12/3/12)Verizon does not allow Google Wallet so I really don't get the point of NFC.

Second phone in less than 60 days. First one returned due to random lock ups and screen would not respond... couldn't answer phone when it rang. Second phone will not keep WiFi connection from one room away from wireless router. Great screen and battery and better reception than HTC incredible in a poor coverage VZW area. Other than that, bad camera, sloooow keyboard, no built-in world clock on a world phone for business, loaded with crapware that you cannot remove, will not run a lot of videos because Google removed flash support from chrome.... the list goes on but I bought this instead of a Note2 because of motos reputation for good radios and vzw poor signal here. If I can return this I'll go back to my marginal HTC or get a note and live with the radiation from VZW network extender. Overall this phone does not measure up and is a disappointment.

Why I Chose to Stay with Verizon and Select the Razr Maxx HD:When our contract obligation with Verizon came and went in May, I began looking at replacement phones for the HTC Droid Incredible phones my wife and I have enjoyed the last 2 1/2 years. I wanted to stray from Verizon and was going to choose getting S3's for the two of us on T-Mobile, as they have a bargain plan price and their HSPA+ in most of Silicon Valley where we live approaches and sometimes surpasses published local reviews of Verizon 4G LTE connection speeds.It turned out to be my wife having a non-negotiable desire to have the newest Apple product, which was far from being announced. As you know, T-Mobile does not have access to Apple products. For myself, I preferred to choose an Android with a large screen. I had shingles in the left side of my face, and my cornea on that side is stippled, so I need reading glasses for many things, but if a screen is bright enough and with enough contrast, I can get by without trading regular glasses for my readers. If I ended up with an S3, I would have gotten a second battery so I could run the screen on crazy brightness all the time. This was a key in my decision making.So I had to change my plans to purchasing with Sprint, ATT, or Verizon. Sprint had the HTC EVO 4G to accompany the iphone, but Sprint's network is problematic. ATT had EVO's sister HTC X, so that looked like where we were going, along with the mad HTC charging habit one must pursue when owning their otherwise fine devices. I had a long-term service complaint with Verizon regarding signal strength in our home. In the past six months, cell signal here in our home had gotten abysmal. To stay a Verizon customer, I insisted on their extension device ([...]) sans fee. They agreed, so long as we agreed to stay customers for an additional year. This obligation runs concurrent with any phone or other equipment purcheses, so my honey got a CDMA iphone5 for her birthday in mid-October.It gave me a chance to see their Retina display at my leisure. While it looks good, the size, brightness duration, and contrast did not work for me. I heard about the Razr Maxx HD from our IT guy, and decided to see it the first week it was out. I found what many found in the bright, "over-saturated color" of this product was exactly what I need, and I will never need another battery to lug around. My local Verizon store tossed in the combined auto and home mount and stand, but I had to get the auto charger on EBay for $9.00, the only caveat of ownership thus far. Really, you'd think Tesla was brought back to life to design all things electrical for this thing. The battery life works every bit as good as promised, and the device charges faster than any phone I've seen.I'm absolutely engaged in discovering all of the changes and improvements done to Android the past couple years. Although I did not mind HTC Sense, the scarce Motorola rebadging of ICS makes for a clean and fast experience. Syncing with all previous apps and networks has been seamless, without any quirks or problems. The phone is 6.4 ounces with the case I've selected. The thing has an indestructible solid feel to it.Cons: I found the camera actually pretty good, unless in low-light situations on the native setting. A bit of practice can find one quick at adjusting the picture brightness level, but there is some graininess displayed that others have commented on. This in no way is a deal breaker for me.

I've been using a Samsung Droid Charge, which has lasted about 8 hours until begging for a charge (huh).  Sick of being tethered to a cord, I decided to go with the Razr Maxx HD, and I'm overall happy that I did.  Over the past week, I've charged my phone 4 times, averaging about 30-35 hrs until my next charge cycle.  Wow.Performance wise, the Maxx HD is quick and responsive.  Haven't run into any noticeable lag.  There are higher spec phones out now or will be coming out in the coming weeks (2GB RAM, S4 quad-cores), so some spec savvy buyers may balk at this phone given the price point, but shouldn't be a concern for most buyers.  These specs were top of the line less than 6 months ago, the phone works great, and will be perfectly fine for the next 2 years.A couple things that prevent me from giving a 5-star review are ergonomics and signal strength.  This phone is a fairly large phone and it FEELS like a fairly large phone.  The most popular Android phone now, the Samsung GS3, is overall a bigger phone (4.8in screen, taller and wider), but the GS3 manages to feel more natural and usable with one hand due to its curved shape.  The Maxx HD with its blocky edges doesn't feel natural to hold so it actually seems like a bigger phone than the GS3.Next, I was was surprised to find my Maxx HD doesn't seem to find 4G LTE signal as well as expected.  My apartment doesn't have strong 4G LTE signal strength.  I averaged about 2-3 bars on my Droid Charge.  Since Motorola is reputed to have the best quality network radios, I was expecting an improvement, not a decline.  I get about 1-2 bars at home, and occasionally drop down to 3G.  Apple is reputed to have great radios also, and my roommate with a Verizon Iphone 5 has a strong and consistent  4-bar 4G LTE connection at home.  I'm jealous.  Signal strength also seems to be an issue with the Verizon Samsung GS3, so I suppose this is par for the course for non Iphones.Despite signal strength being a disappointment, I'm still happy with the Maxx HD.  It's a well made, solid phone that doesn't feel cheap.  Bottom line, this is a near top-of-the line spec'd device that has almost double the battery life of most other 4G smartphones, easily getting me thru a day, and then some.

I just upgraded to this phone from the htc thunderbolt.  Wow this phone is so much better.  The battery life is great and the phone is thin so thats a real good thing.  I've seen the samsung galaxy s3 and played around with it.  To compare it, there both great phones.  If you are getting the samsung based on the face recognition feature, this phone has it too.  The only thing is the s3 version is better because the phone will stay on when looking at it.  I still prefer the razr because it came with an app called smart actions by motorala.  Very nice app.  You can program it to where your phone will be silenced or on vibrate when you get to work and you can set up auto reply to texts.  You can program it to do a lot of stuff.  I tested it out yesterday to when i get home, it sets my phone to loud and call annnounce.  I also had it set up to when i get home, it automatically sends a text message to my wife to say i'm home.  It worked pretty good.  I disabled the text part though because it was unnesscary but it was fun to play with.  I'm not sure if there is a similar app on the market for that for a different phone.When you turn on the phone, it boots up pretty fast.  Its got 32gb of memory internal.  No sd card came with it but has a slot for one.  Also the sim card came preinstalled so you dont have to worry about installing it.  Just becareful when putting the sim card back in the phone to make sure you use the little tray.  I made a mistake and didnt use the tray and my sim card wasnt installed right and got stuck in the phone.  I was able to get it out though.  Overall the phone is great and i love it.  Best phone i had so far.

It's the worst cell phone I've ever owned it has been replaced 3 times and the one I have now keeps crashing.  I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.

I have had this phone since the day it came out and haven't been happier since i traded my Droid X in.  The battery is amazing and the screen is bright and clear, and it does everything i need it to do, i would recommend this phone to anyone!

Upgraded from the Razr maxx to this phone with Verizon...Phone 1 - End of January 2013Hotspot refused to connect with my laptop, tablet, and desktop pc - replaced by Verizon as defectivePhone 2- around feb 10, 2013Hotspot had the same issues as prior phone. Read other people having the same issue, read about a update coming out early March to fix it. then about march 01.... data connection dropped to 1x (while phone had 4g) - could not be corrected - Verizon replaced it .. againPhone 3 - March 15thHad this one 4 days when it started dropping data connections all together, very spotty, in and out - all while sitting in my office and in meetings. Highly undependable. Verizon is now replacing it with Samsung Note II ... we'll see.But I definitely would not recommend this phone for anybody that depends on the data connection.

This phone is amazing.I bought it because I wanted a bigger screen with long battery life.  This phone does NOT disappoint!During the work week I can go a day and a half before I have to charge.  That is with 4G and since I am a in the car more than I am in any one place this device is my phone and computer in one.  The point being I use the hell out of it during the week.  It really proved it self on my last business trip.  At the end of the night my buddies are all trying to find outlets at a bar to charge their phones and mine was still on 45%.During the weekends since my usage is much less it will go from Friday AM until Sunday late afternoon before I need to plug it in.That's all I can say about the battery...it is awesome.The mechanical design of the phone is just as impressive.  Some may say it is a little hefty, but I like that the phone is built solid and doesn't have the cheap plastic feeling.NO MOTO BLUR!!  Thank you Motorola or should I say Google (since they own Motorola now). Blur was such a pain it is nice they got rid of that piece of software.It was very easy to import iTunes songs into this device and the 32GB comes in handy for that.  I haven't even had to put in my 16GB Micro SD card yet.Lastly I had to switch carriers to get this phone.  Verizon has been so much better in call quality and coverage than AT&T.;  Also the LTE (True 4G) coverage area is HUGE!I can't say enough about this phone. I tell everyone I see they have to get it.The one down side is I don't have Jelly Bean yet, but that is scheduled to roll out by years end.  And from what I hear the battery life will improve more with that update.  I can't wait.

Smartphone designers are always claiming that people are wanting slim phones and because of this it limits the size of battery they can put in it, which is usually like 2100 or less with a few exceptions. Then comes the razr maxx which has a miniscule added thickness compared to the Galaxy S3, One x, optimus G (infact I had the optimus G before this and they are almost exactly the same size). This keeps those good specs, thinness, and has a vastly larger battery.I'm big on batteries, usually when I get a phone, if i can I will get the extended battery for it, but that sucks you usually end up with something that's shaped like a cheese wedge and is awkward to hold. Not to mention the battery cover that comes with those third party batteries usually sucks and is more likely to break. I hate the thinking that I should be turning things off or I should wait to do something on my phone because I'm afraid it will die to soon. Who wants to go plug their phone in on lunch break or whenever they get in the car?The Razr Maxx in words is the phone for me (or you if you agree with the above paragraph) in terms of battery. Now I could slap a huge battery on an LG Chocolate but that wouldn't necessarily make it a good phone.Design:Decent design, especially looking at the previous Razr generation with their ugly chrome accent, it is really a decent looking phone. The front looks good with a great huge multicolored notification light. Sides are aluminum and the back is the Kevlar which is great and does not hold finger prints!It's heavier than your average phone, but it really makes it feel more solid and better in the hand. One annoyance though is you need a special tool to open the port for your sim card/micro sd. The sim card makes sense, by why the micro sd??Screen: Honestly they all mostly look the same, it looks good and works well in sunlight!Camera: Like other said, not the best but i think if people are that worried about the camera they should get a standalone. The camera works for facebook, video chat and picture messaging fine.Performance: Seems to be up there with the others. I've used the S3, optimus, and one x and its comparable. I wish it had 2gb of ram but it doesn't make a huge difference. I get slowdowns sometimes, using chrome it lags starting up, and typing sometimes lags behind when doing things, a few hicups here and there but nothing major.Software: Like said before, mostly stock, I didn't like the homepage they had, it was kind of slow and the homescreens were oddly set with swiping to the left giving me a power management access thing, so i just use NOVA. I am not a huge fan of the digital home, back, multitask buttons I would rather have them below the screen but its not a huge annoyance.Battery: Like I said this is why I got it, the battery is great, I'm at like the 7 hour mark with around 2 hours screen time probably, maybe a little less and it is at 75% which is leaps and bounds above most. I would be around 30% or less with 2 hours and a workdays amount of standby with my optimus G.I would recommend this to anyone who feels like I do about battery life, looking for great build quality and good specs. It may not be the fastest, the thinnest, best screen or best camera but all those things it still does great, along with keeping you alive all day during them.UPDATE: After a few more days of use, I have found the battery standby to not be as good as the LG Optimus and its newer processor. It seems that the newer Krait quad cores have great standby, not to say this ones is bad. However I do notice how much better the MAXX's battery is when using it, I tried Netflix and got i think a bit above an hour per 10% which is awesome.I still notice performance dips here and there, i downloaded Ram manager pro and it's helped, there is a decent amount of bloatware on the phone that is always loaded into my memory taking up alot of it. For instance it won't let me get rid of Slacker, I uninstall it and it redownloads, I get rid of it with root manager and it keeps popping up with errors.I love the feel of the phone more every day and love still not having to worry about my battery!

I love the phone, it's fast, it has lots of storage, the battery lasts me a day and a half easy, but after using it for a year, I still hate this camera, so much. So many blurry pictures, my old Blackberry Curve 8330 had a better image stabilizer than this thing. This phone would be 5 stars easy, but the camera makes this a less than perfect phone.

I traded this phone back in after having it for three weeks to get the samsung galaxy s4 because it was new and the specs were just awesome.  I had been a Motorola guy since before the turn of the 21st century so I wanted to try something new as well.  Though I am not a long term user of this particular model this is what I have been able to judge about both phones in the three weeks I had each.1.  First things first...Facebook app.  For some reason Facebook app never works on Motorola Droid 2 (phone I had before I upgraded) and that continued with the Razr Maxx HD.  When you open the app it always says its loading and it never ceases.  With the S4 I don't have this issue at all.  For the first time I have got to see how Facebook app is supposed to work.  I even get notifications on the widget which I have never seen before I had the Samsung.  So if Facebook is big for you then I would suggest staying away from Motorola at this point in time.2.  The battery life goes to the Motorola easily.  One of the hardest things for me to give up when I switched from Motorola to the Galaxy S4.  There is a noticeable difference.  The Motorola would easily last more than a day with regular use.  However I bought extra batteries for the Galaxy S4 so that I could negate this difference.  It's a small hassle having to change it out but well worth the purchase. If you go with the S4 get you a couple extra batteries for it. They take about 2 minutes to replace.  If you are thinking about buying batteries for the Motorola I am pretty sure its internal and very hard to remove with this phone.  Do some research on this issue because I don't think extra batteries would help you with the Motorola HD Maxx.3.  Home Screen Comparision - Motorola Clock Widget vs. Samsung Clock Widget.Okay so this isn't a huge deal for some but for me I really wish I could get the Motorola time, weather, battery widget on the S4.  The homescreen widget for the Motoroal gives the phone just a great look when you open it.  The S4 is lacking here as there widget isn't transparent and the weather doesn't update or allow you to add multiple cities.  Motorolas homescreen widget is just fresh and dope and watching the weather cycle through my cities on its own was a nice aesthetic.  I ended up downloading android weather/time widget off the play store but still motorolas was just beautiful and clean.  Really miss that.4.  In terms of getting where you want to go within the device in terms of settings etc.  I really liked the ease of use with the Razr Maxx HD.  I really dont need more screens on my left so being able to swipe left for instant settings was really sweet.  The S4 not so much.  Takes a few more strokes to get you where you want and dedication of extra memory cells to remember so.  Motorola wins this not only because of that but also the S4 notifications at the top and the dropdown is over cluttered.  I really get annoyed with this consistently.  Also half the time I hit the clear button on the S4 I bring up networks or something else thats right below or above the clear button.  Never had this problem with the Motorola.  Again this is just an interface issue that gets annoying.5.  In terms of sheer power it was really hard to gauge the difference between the two.  I really wanted to have 2 gigs of ram on whichever new phone I got and a minimum of 1 1/2 gigs.  This was my main reason for switching.  Whether it was a good one or not thats debateable but with the MOtorola whenever you were looking at apps - running, there was 850 to 900 mb;s all the time.  For me running memory at 90% all the time just sounded horrible but who knows maybe computers and phones are different here.  With the Samsung I am running at 40 to 50% ram all the time now which I really am at ease with.6. The durability issue.  The motorola is definitely built like a tank compared to the S4.  Dont need an expensive case to protect it.  The S4 is definitely lighter and feels more delicate and fragile.  I spent $40 on an ottobox that I think you really need with this phone.  Protection not an issue any longer with the S4.7.  The S4 interface for contacts and making phone calls has some really bad aspects to it.  For some reason and theres multiple annoycances here, if you have a missed call and you click on the notification or want to make a call it always brings you to the keypad instead of recent.  It's another small annoyance that I am constantly annoyed with when I have notifications.  The same goes for text messages.  Instead of it bringing you to all your text messages it always brings you to your last convo.  Just another pet peeve that turns a one step process into two steps.8. The camera on the S4 beats the motorola hands down.  This is just the dopest camera I have ever used on a phone. 13 MP vs 8 MP on the Razr Maxx HD and there is a huge difference.  Beautiful pictures and qualityWell at the moment those are the things that really come to mind when I think about what stands out between the two.  If I hadn't made mention of something particular then that means there was no noticeable differences between the two in my three weeks of having them.  After having them both I have decided to stay with the S4 for the time being.  Theres alot of features on the S4 I havent used and probably might never use but if I do get to use it I will update this post.  Hope I helped some people out there.

Amazing phone, I got it for the battery life, but it's also ultra fast, feels solid in the hand, and verizon is way better than sprint!  I've already rooted it and disabled all the verizon apps.  Can't wait for CyanogenMod 10 so it's even faster and battery life even better.

I chose this phone over the Galaxy S3. It is true there are a lot of accessories for the S3 and it can be rooted easily but I liked the solid build of this Razr Maxx HD and the big battery. Today I ran it at work streaming audio through to my bluetooth headphones for 9 hours straight. It was down to 25% at that time. I just took a speaker phone call from a location in my home that I would not have been able to communicate from when I had my Thunderbolt on this network.I expect the battery to improve through time and I look forward to using this device for at least 2 years.

I traded my Samsung Galaxy SIII for this phone. Couldn't be happier. AOSP Google operating system is the best. Amazing battery life is an understatement. Motorola is coming back now that google has control of them.

We bought two brand new Droid Razr Maxx HD 4G phones. One of them has already been sent to Motorola for repairs. In mine, the one that went for repairs, I would lose the incoming sound during a call. This happened quite often, in the other end people heard me just fine. This happened only during calls, not when playing music. In the other phone, the bluetooth conection keeps disconnecting, so my son is unable to use his headset to make/receive calls or listen to music. The headset worked fine with my phone. The same thing happens when this phone is connected to other bluetooth devices, our car stereo and laptops. Now that I got my phone back, we will send this one for repairs. Finally, regarding the 4G LTE connection, it is also a little bit on the weak side. My previous phone was more powerful than this one. This one spends most of the time in 3G than in 4G LTE even though we should have very good reception in my neck of the woods (Miami, FL). If you are a heavy internet user this may be a turn off. Pictures and movies looked great if captured outside during the day (this is a phone, not a photo camera). The pictures are acceptable. I will update my review once I have more time with my repaired phone, and once the other one is back from repairs from Motorola. Sorry, since we do not use this feature, we cannot comment about the GPS which other reviewers have complained about saying it is very weak. In my opinion, you are better off purchasing a dedicated GPS unit anyway. On the plus side, the phone looks cool.

My old samsung flip phone took better and cost a lot less. Guess if you want a camera, buy one...

This phone is great. I love it, However because it is such a newer phone it has some bugs. It sometimes freezes or runs slow. Nothing to worry about I am sure with the next generation they will fix the problem. The battery life is amazing. I have gone 24+ hours without recharging it. I mean I use the phone constantly so that is a lot of battery time. the screen resolution is awesome. Has a great picture. I am not to impressed with the google music player on it though. I wasn't thinking when I bought this phone and I bought it from the Verizon store with and upgrade I had. I ended up spending $350.00 for it. But I now see I made a mistake doing so because if I would have bought it off here it would have only costed me $120.00. O well nothing I can do about it now. I guess my next upgrade I am coming to Amazon to buy my phone. I recommend this phone if you want to enjoy lots of battery life with a great phone that takes good pictures and has a great screen resolution. If you are looking for the best technology for androids however I recommend the Galaxy.

I switched from iPhone 5 to the Motorola Razr Maxx HD mainly because AT&T in west Texas stinks. Went over to Verizon and thought I'd give Android a try. The salesman steered me towards the Motorola Razr Maxx HD. Next time a salesman steers you to anything, DO NOT BUY IT. I was stupid and didn't stick with Apple. I Hate the Motorola Razr Maxx HD now and kick myself in the butt! So I'm stuck for 2 years in a dang contract. It was okay at first, but not nearly as good as my iPhone 5 was. As soon as I can, I'm going back to the iPhone.

- Incredible battery life- Beautiful HD screen- Great size- Quality materials (not cheap slippery plastic like Samsung and others)- Latest Version of Android (Jelly Bean)- Excellent speaker phone sound quality

Size of the phone is great - small enough to fit in your pocket. Battery life is minimum 2 days with heavier use. I get on average 3 day+ without a recharge with frequent use. I also like the Android updated OS and features.

The phone has lots of functions and the batter far outlasts my others.The processor is a bit slow.  When having several apps open at once, the phone can become a bit sluggish.  However the functionality and battery outweighs the cons for this phone.

I upgraded from the Motorola Droid 3 and have been using the Maxx Hd for over a month now. I am a light to medium user and I charge this phone once a week and I do keep my wifi on all the time. If use is heavy I charge every two to three days. The screen is vivid and clear, the keyboard is easy to touch and use (I thought that would be hard to get use to not having a physical keyboard), the speakers are nice and loud. I can put it on speaker phone while I am cooking dinner, walk all around and I can hear them and they can hear me clearly.  I have had no issues with my camera the pictures are clear and it takes the photo fast. My husband has the iphone 5 and the pictures are very comparable but the iphone can not hold a candle to the Maxx HD battery life!! I love this phone and do recommend it!!Update on 8/3/2013 Although I like this phone for two weeks now the phone freezes and locks up in sleep mode on a daily basis. Battery life is still great but what good is a phone that you constantly have to force reboot. Will be sending to motorola for repair because I have tried everything they suggested.Just wanted to say I just got off phone with Verizon and the android update is the cause to all these freeze problems so if you are having issues after an update you need to contact them.

My wife birthday present she loves it and the battery life is fantastic two days and she plays a lot of games

I have had Droids before and was looking at the I phone and I am glad I bought this instead.My daughters have I phones and they never seem to keep charged, drop service alot too. Not the Droid. This phone stays charged all day and even over night. I work in a hair salon and have forgotten to take my carger and it lasted all day with clients calling. I was a little worried about the not being able to remove the battery but so for it has not been a problem. Great phone

I use the phone for work. I am a over-the-road driver and I use the GPS alot. My old phone was a Droid X2. Worked great. The new Razor Maxx HD is normally .5 to 1 mile off on the GPS, and most of the time all it says is "Searching For GPS". If it finds the GPS then once you move it stops working..Everything else works great...I've had the phone 2 weeks. New replacement is to arrive today.I will update the review after using the new phoneUPDATE. I purchased my 1st. Razor Max HD on 4/8/13.Verizon replaced it within 5 days...Fast foward. It is now 5/7/13 and after 4 replacement Razor Max HD's and at least 3 hours with Verizon Tech Support and 1 hour of time spent with a Motorola Tech. THE PROBLEM CAN NOT BE FIXED. This is per Motorola.... Verizon has advised me to get something else or reactivate my old phone! Verizon Tech Support actually advised me not to get a Samsung S III (my 2nd choice) because of several issues and I don't like I-Phones, so where do I go from here?Good Luck!

Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)Smart phone is amazing, fast, sturdy, good coating.I have the phone now for 5 days and the phone is almost perfectexcept that I couldn't activate it with verizon over the internet.I had to physically bring it to verizon wireless for them to activate it because the simm card in the phone was dead.The same goes with the phone my daughter bought with amazon wireless.The simm card is dead and we had to replace it first in order toactivate the phone.It cost me and extra $20 for each phone.

Too much money for a generic phone such as this one.Nothing superb about it.If you are looking for a average phone this might be your best option.

Not much more to say other than the subject line.  I was coming over from a Samsung Stratosphere that I loved due to the slide out keyboard, and now I don't miss it at all.  The bigger screen and voice recognition made up the difference, not to mention the ridiculously better battery life that this phone is known for.You won't regret getting this phone!

Glad to save the 100$, but the wording of this ad is misleading. I bought the phone from a verizon store on the 18th, and had it for a day before i saw this sale. The phone itself was great. I decided to return it, and order it from amazon to save money (about 80$ when including the 35$ restocking fee verizon charged for returning the phone). The ad says "usually ships in 1-2 weeks". After placing the order, through amazon, the confirmation came back with an eta of december 4th. The savings is great, but 6-7 weeks out is not even close to 1-2. I wish i would of had accurate information before making a decision.previous phone being a droid x;  the phone, with the savings, is 5 star.the misleading text is 0 out of 5.***update, they shipped the phone after only a week, which matches what the add says. worked out in the end. very happy :)

I am taking time out of my day just to indicate what a piece of junk this thing is. I've had this phone for 2 months now and would like to convey that Verizon and Google (who now owns Motorola) have seriously dropped the ball on this one. Due to a flaw in either electronic architecture or OS, this thing is just awful. Honestly, I am better off using my Samsung Galaxy Nexus with its horrible battery life and cracked screen. For a phone with such specs there is no way it shouldn't be able to handle what I ask for on a daily basis. Try a different boot-loader you say? Not on this thing, latest update will take away any rooting ability and apps to the SD card and wifi hotspot access. Let me preface, I am no dummy when it comes to technology, there is no amount of app killing, cache clearing, app disabling that can make this thing operate smoothly or correctly. Forget about taking a clear picture unless you are a statue, the slightest movement gets you a blurred photo. Bloatware out the yin-yang. CONSTANT freezing and delay will drive you nuts trying to use this thing. No android 4.3 or 4.2 for that matter, we are staying at 4.1 with no goal to update. Thanks Verizon, that early termination fee doesn't look so bad each new day with this phone. Go with a Samsung or HTC.

I had a Droid X2 since 2011. I was sick of waiting for Amazon to get this phone back in stock, so I went ahead and (foolishly) dealt with the useless idiots known as Verizon Wireless customer service.But that's a story for a different day.This phone oozes quality. I see people with iPhones give envious it looks. The Kevlar on the back is sexy, and I love the SmartActions app. The Google Now app is also awesome.The camera was great outdoors, and just so-so in the dark indoors.I could go on and on but I don't want to. I want to play with my new phone (the phone feature works great too!).

I write this review on my two week anniversary of using the Razr Maxx HD on Verizon. Tomorrow it goes back to Amazon.Pros:-The battery life is great.-Verizon's network speeds are top notch in my area.-The screen looks very nice, even despite the &#34;on-screen&#34; three buttons on the handset.-Calls connect well and sound good.-The mini-hdmi port is a great addition to the standard of phones.-The actual phone feels solid and high-end.Cons:-The phone is heavy, not super heavy but for some more petite folks it could be too much.- Three Andriod buttons (back, home, recent apps) are &#34;soft-keys&#34; that take up screen real estate. This should never be done.-Wifi does not &#34;wake&#34; in the morning or after a long period of dis-use correctly, that is to say it will say it is working but the indicator will remain &#34;white&#34; indicating it is not connected fully. If it is connected fully it will change to &#34;blue&#34; in color.- Slow. I upgraded from last years HTC One S on T-Mobile and on paper, these phones are the same. I can tell you the Razr Maxx HD is not in real world use. Some issues I ran into were 20-30sec of &#34;lag&#34; between choosing a notification in my upper bar area and the app opening. This happens all of the time and with apps that are in my recent apps, ones I use frequently during the day.- Using a custom Launcher does not allow use of Circles Widget app that comes with the phone. I use Nova Launcher and this limits the installed apps.- Bloatware. Lots of it, but that's fairly standard these days, sadly.- Random lockups and app closings. During the first week the phone rebooted by itself, this has not happened since. The lockups have happened randomly.I would not recommend this handset to anyone but those who need extreme battery life.

#1  Battery last 4+ days, my last phone use to die between 3 and 5 each day.  I charge this phone Sunday night and I charged it Saturday night and it is Tuesday AM and it has 65% battery.#2  I use Yahoo mail app for personal emails and I use the android mail feature for my work emails.  These both setup effortlessly.  This was buy far the easiest phone set up I've ever gone through.#3  Phone size is just right.  This fits in my shirt and pants pockets and is big enough to read using the kindle app.  I read 4 or 5 hours a week on my phone.#4  The interface is much quicker then my last phone (original Droid Razr).#5  Shutter is very quick on the camera.  I haven't printed pictures yet, but it works great for posting to Facebook, and sending pictures via email and text.#6  The map and navigation seam to work quicker then on my last phone.Cons.I really want to use "Backup Assistant Plus Media" but I think it is too expensive.andI really liked the visual voice mail, but at 2.99/month it is also too expensive.

I swapped my 2 year old Droid X for this RAZR MAXX HD because it appeared to be the first smart phone to come out in 2 years that has significant improvements.  I was not disappointed!!! The screen, 4G, unbelievable battery life, and a fast user friendly operating system make this phone a winner.  Google has truly given Motorola an edge in the smart phone business  again.I did a lot of comparing between this RAZR MAXX HD and my wife's iPhone5.  I use my smart phone like a mini-tablet.  My wife has an iPad too, so to have the power/features and screen size on her phone wasn't important. The only reason I considered the iPhone5 was because it was cheaper.  Knowing how I use my phone, she encouraged me to buy this MAXX HD rather then the iPhone5.  She was right, it is well worth the extra $100.  The MAXX HD does more of the multitasking I want to do, and it is super-fast. It will take more time to fully evaluate battery life, but the advertised 24 hour battery life estimates seem conservative.

I had this phone for a few days and I really loved the design, it is a very good looking phone. I quckily returned it when I found out that it emits an usually high amount of radiation on the SAR scale. More than any other phone out there.  It's a shame. Watch out.

I had the phone for three weeks. It was on the armrest of the couch, fell off and the screen shattered. It was also in an otterbox case.

Got this as a replacement for my wife's Droid X. Originally planned on getting 2, but Amazon was short on stock at the time, and we could only order 1.  My wife likes it, is happy with the features, speed, camera, durability, just about everything.  Only issue.... It requires periodic hard boots (using the power and volume down keys - hence it lost a star).  No rhyme nor reason for us to track this issue.  She says the phone has way more capability than she has the time to learn to use properly, but that was the same for her Droid X.

My last phone was the Samsung Charge and it was the worst phone ever, so bad that I will never give Samsung another dime. I decided to go back to Motorola since I'd had luck with them before. My husband has the RAZR Maxx and told me that I'd be happy with the RAZR Maxx HD, he was right.This phone is fast, the screen is beautiful. There are some cool widgets that I'm having fun with. I can run a slew of apps at the same time and bounce around to my hearts content, it never locks up. The battery life is great! Today I used it fairly heavily and at the end of the day had almost 70% left. At work I sit in a bad cell signal so that will drain it a bit, but it will still last all day even with a bad signal.I'm so happy to have a phone that works so well and is so responsive. It's as nice as everyone says.

Loved every bit of my new phone. A very nice phone with a superb battery life. It also has a great screen and the camera is quite decent. Overall, a very nice buy.

There better be a fix for this very soon.Android: 4.1.2 VerizonI got it for the batterylife and sturdyness.

This phone is amazing! It was shipped and delivered in one day! I had free 2 day shipping and it got here the next day! Awesome!My name is Dakotah, I am a computer and tech freak! I love them and they are my passion. This phone Blew me away, By-far Best phone ever Bought. Check out the Pros/Cons. . .Pros:-Clear Beautiful Screen With DARK Blacks and BRIGHT whites!-LED Notification light can flash in ALL colors(Except Pink, Don't know why).-Call Quality is phenomenal, Crystal Clear.-Battery Life lasts me all day with heavy usage and still have some left at night time!-Extremely fast and responsive.-Very Thin, And Personally It's very light to me, I don't know why people say it's a little heavy.-Looks Very Expensive and nice!-Did i mention it's fast? Well, It's Unbelievable how fast this thing is!-It has gorilla Glass, And it's Water Resistant! What more can you ask for!?-Tons of great Features with this phone, Very Fun to play around with!Cons:-Although the screen is Very beautiful and clear, The whites Sometimes have a bit of a light-blue Tint to them. (Can see this in videos)-Nothing Else so far, Will Update every 2-3 Weeks Or so!---------------------------------------------------------Rating 10/10Overall:I recommend this phone to everyone. You will fall in love with this phone, I Guarantee! If you have any Questions about This phone Feel free to comment on this review and i will love to help anyone out, or answer any questions you may have!

Was very excited to upgrade to a new phone with a larger battery life only to be completely disappointed with my phone choice. My old phone, droid incredible, first incredible had a poor battery life but an amazing camera which was highly valued being a mother of two adorable children. This new phone, droid razor max HD, CRAP! Horrible camera, do not even take any pictures anymore!!

I recently upgraded to this phone from an iPhone 4, and let me tell you..... I love this phone!!!! Feels good in hand (I'm and average size female). Actually feels lighter than the iphone4 and better battery life. Very quick responding screen. I have had zero issues. I was a little scared that android would be confusing.... I picked it really fast, and has not been a problem. It's actually been easier to use.The only thing is the camera is not as good... However the camera on my iPhone was starting to take some awful pictures.... I was very hesitant to get this due to the camera reviews..... Glad I went for it! I have a 5 and 7 year old so camera is important. Takes good enough pics, and is very quick to come up and quick shutter too.Hubby likes it too ;)

Great phone. Good update cycle from Motorola so far, and my phone has not sustained any major damage despite the amount of wear and tear I have put it through.I love the solid and strong feel to the phone, with sturdy materials apparently used throughout. The size is just perfect for me as well. A little bigger than an iphone but not monstrous like some phones. Nice middle ground.

Did much research prior to purchase comparing this to Galaxy S3. Deciding factor was the build quality and battery life. Have had phone for about 2 weeks and very pleased so far.  Phone was delivered from Amazon promptly and has worked flawlessly since receiving.  The overall feel of the phone is sturdy and more refined than the previous gen droid maxx.  The battery life is amazing.  I browse and message approximately 2-3 hours /day frequently checking messages. Battery life is typically at around 70% at end of day.  Wife's galaxy nexus is typically in need of recharge with same behavior.  Screen is impressive.  Call quality excellent.  Camera takes good (perhaps not great) quality pics.  Very happy with purchase.

They have disabled moving apps to SD card.  You can only use your internal memory for apps.  BIG negative!!It seems to be a good phone in other respects to speed, display and feel, but not being able to move apps (Smart Phone, hello...?) is the reason most of us get smart phones.  Don't limit me to your internal memory size unless you are going to give me a lot of it!I bought the two year additional/extended warranty from Square Trade... http://www.squaretrade.com/our-coverageThey are rated very high. If you buy your phone from Costco, you can get the Square Trade extended warranty there at the time of purchase or you can get it within a short time frame. And you get a discount if you buy it within that time frame.I've had this phone since March 5th, 2013. It works excellent! My 4g runs at 19 - 21 Mbps. I don't feel any need to root it. My friend has some HTC phone that keeps going south on him. My phone runs fast, gives me no problems unless the app is faulty; Great reception and transmission with a very intuitive screen setup.  The battery life is CRAZY AWESOME!The only problem was the special offer they had which included a case with a car mount. They were on backorder and I just received yesterday after nearly three months of waiting. The case they sent seems pretty good, with a hard shell and rubber padding. It fits with the car mount pretty nicely, but I think my Otter case is slightly more durable. And I have a generic car mount which works with any phone.I bought an Otter case with carrier. It fits nice with a slim profile, and is great. I love Otter as well. I used them before and they had awesome customer service.

I had a Motorola Droid Razr Maxx and the screen broke. I was eligible for an update from Verizon, so I got the Droid Razr Maxx HD in April. I dropped the Maxx HD 2 ft from the sofa to the hardwood floor while the phone was in an Otterbox Defender case and the screen broke (internal LCD and digitizer, not the external glass). Motorola will not fix the phone unless I pay hundreds of dollars for the repair. It's a decent phone when it works, but it is simply too fragile. Furthermore, my customer support experience with Motorola was horrible. They originally told me they would repair the screen for free, and then latter refused to perform the repair for free. I am going to go buy another phone that is not so fragile. I advise you to do the same.

I upgraded to this phone in February 2013.  I've been using mobile phones for 18 years and I've owned a smart phone since the original Droid.  This phone is by far the best phone I've ever owned.My last phone upgrade experience (almost 2 years ago) was an absolutely miserable experience!  My g/f and I both upgraded to the HTC Thunderbolt at the same time.  After that, I will never consider another HTC product.  I went through 3 Thunderbolts before finally switching to a different phone and ultimately landed with the DroidX2.  I have several friends that use iPhones and I own an iPad, so I'm very familiar with Apple devices, iOS and Siri.  So, I have a lot of experience with other phones, past and present.What I love about the Droid Razr Maxx HD:* Battery Life - this can't be emphasized enough. NO OTHER phone on the market compares.* Very nice screen, looks great and I'm very happy with the size; not too big (Samsung Galaxy Note) and not too small (iPhone).* There are no hard buttons or soft buttons on the screen of this phone.  I was skeptical about this at first, but I really like the added screen real estate that it provides.* The phone switches between 4G, 3G, & WiFi seamlessly and quickly.  Best I've seen on phones I've owned.* Smart Actions! - I've wanted this feature for years and it works really well.* Speaker Phone - best I've had on a phone since the original Droid.* It has a front facing light sensor to auto-adjust the screen brightness. It's a small, little detail that really adds to the user experience.* I have no complaints about the camera on this phone, but admittedly, I don't have high expectations for a camera on a phone.  When I want to take real pictures, I use a real camera.* Voice Recognition is better than Apple's (IMO) - I use it for searches, texting, etc.* It also has some Siri-like capabilities.  e.g. I can tell my phone to "remind me to call mom in 30 minutes" or "meet with Joe at 2:00pm tomorrow" or "open chrome" - I'm not sure if this capability is specific to this phone or to Android Jellybean.* It's been my experience over the years that Motorola phones have the best antennas on the market, and this phone is no exception. In fact, I have better reception at home than my last Motorola phone and there are no dead spots like there were with the HTC.* As a side note, not specific to this phone, but in comparison to Apple devices I get to choose my own keyboard!  Swiftkey reigns supreme!I have no complaints or cons to mention about this phone.  I love it and I highly recommend it.  Thank you Motorola!

The kids aren't the only ones who no how to use this technical product. The camera is good hd quality, this is a computer as well I have only had the phone for a short time but everyday I find new uses, this is a great phone.

I LOVE this phone. As I type I have a big kool-aid grin on my face. I previously had an HTC Evo 4 from Sprint and  initially it was okay until the I got tired of charging my phone constantly. So my big non-negotiable points were battery life and internet speed.  I had been a sprint customer for over 8 years and kept hanging on hoping that I would be able to use my 4G phone on an actual 4G network. NOT!! Anyway a co-worker was singing praises about Verizon and I decided to visit their store. Well they had the droid on display hooked up so I could check out the features and I was hooked then. I ordered it from amazon wireless and saved myself a cool $100 bucks and activation was a cinch. The screen is awesome as well as the entire layout of the phone. I tried it out at work and usually I would have to keep my phone near a charger but not with this magnificient piece of equipment. Even at the end the day my battery has not gotten past the 50% mark and I've had it for about 2 weeks. I highly recommend this phone for anyone who needs a phone that has a long battery life and super fast response.

I bought this phone right after it came out &  have been really happy with it.  The big plus is the battery life!  My first smartphone was the Droid Bionic which I also loved & never had an issue with until the big update to the OS.  My maxx hd has a great screen, has a good feel in your hands & runs smoothly.  Only in the past few weeks have I started losing my 4G service - it wasn't only me and it wasn't only my phone; it was other people in my area who have different Android phones.  It is back to normal now.  I have noticed that my battery life seems to be dropping slightly.  I used to charge it once a day overnight.  I'm now giving it a bit of a charge in the evening if I'm going out.  I love that it tells you the percentage of battery left.  I did have my phone lock up out of the blue one day over Christmas & thought it was broken; turns out I only needed to reboot it which the guy at the Verizon store told me how to do. He also recommended turning it off completely every once in a while to give it a break.  I would buy this phone again!

I got the new iPhone5, 4 of them to be exact, and returned them all for 4 new Droid Razr Maxx HD's. I have a business, and I am in the field a lot. So are my people, and the iPhone 5 just doesn't hold up. With the new 4g network, the iphone 5 battery just doesn't last. Add on the fact the bluetooth on the iphone is very subpar, and it has a much weaker phone signal than most phones and certainly the Razr Maxx HD, it was an easy decision.  I have a Jawbone ERA bluetooth headset, and when I put the iphone 5 in my pocket, it breaks up. I have a flexsmart bluetooth FM tuner in my truck, and the iphone will connect to it, but sound playback is only half what it is on an android device. And yes, everything, including the volume max limiter on the iphone is turned all the way up. Then throw in that Apple decided to pull one on their current loyal customers who have the 30 pin connector for their "older" iphones, and ipods, by switching a perfectly functional power cord to the new  "lightning" cord, forcing customers to either buy an adapter, or buy a new cord. This would be understandable if they went to a USB 3.0 cord or something faster than the old one, but they did not. Rather they just gave it a speedy name, "lightning" and changed the end. More money out of the consumers pocket. Couple that in with the fact that itunes is now more of a marketing app and less user friendly (actually quite a pain in the arse to use) and I tried asking myself why I ever purchase the phones. It was an easy switch, and I couldn't be more happy with this monster of an android phone, the Droid Razr Maxx HD.I must point out that you can buy expandable memory for Razr, where as an Iphone, you are stuck with what the phone has. The HD Maxx has 32 gb of internal memory and is expandable to 96gb with a 64 gb sd card.I would like to say that I price matched this phone with Verizon through my local carrier rather than buy it on Amazon. Amazon is wonderful and they have great products at incredible prices, and their customer service is amazing. But buying through my local carrier is just easier for me.The screen on the HD MAXX is amazing. I see less glare on this phone than the iPhone 5 in direct sunlight. The droid Maxx HD also has a higher screen resolution than that of the iPhone 5. You can go on trails hiking with the right app and keep track of everyone in your group via GPS, without having to worry about your battery going dead. This was especially useful when we went fourwheeling in the mountains. People would get lost, but I knew exactly where they were with my phone. My daughter has one as well, and I know where she is at on her way home from school and when she goes to the park. GPS drains your battery profusely, but again, you don't have to worry about it much with this phone. My voice is loud and clear to others when talking on the Razr and I hear everyone equally as good. There are and endless amount of apps on android devices and usually you can find great ones that you don't have to pay for. The camera on the phone is the only downside. It is good but doesn't take insane quality pictures like you might find on the iphone 5, but that is not what my phone is for. If you are going somewhere, where you are going to take a lot of pictures (like on vacation) take a professional camera where you can properly zoom in and have amazing quality. After all, I bought a 'phone' to talk on, browse the web, and use GPS, not take pictures. Don't get me wrong, the camera is good, but it's not perfect.All in all, I would put this phone up against an iphone 5 any day of the week and then some. The iphone is being passed on the mobile market now. They had set a benchmark, and that benchmark has been passed. By not only this phone but the Samsung Galaxy S3. The Samsung Note 2 is another great one, but it is ultimatley too large for everyday use for a phone in my opinion.There is a docking station here on amazon, "Motorola HD Vehicle Navigation Dock for Motorola DROID RAZR HD/RAZR MAXX HD - Retail Packaging", that is excellent for the Razr Maxx HD. Save yourself some money from buying a seperate GPS reciever.If you are looking for screen covers, get "Halo Screen Protector Film Invisible (Clear) for Motorola XT926 (DROID RAZR HD) (3-Pack) - Premium Japanese Screen Protectors" . They are the best.As far as a case, if you want to get one despite the phones Kevlar backing and front Gorilla glass, I recommend, "Diztronic Matte Back Black Flexible TPU Case for Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD [ONLY FOR MAXX HD MODEL] (Verizon) [Retail Packaging]UPDATE: I have seen a few people complaining about video and flash player on the Razr MAXX HD. Flash player does not seem to work correctly on the default web browser, Google Chrome. It works on Dolphin Browser but not perfectly. It does work perfectly in Opera browser mini. I have not tried it with any other browsers as Opera is a good browser. I imagine there is a plug-in for flash you can download for Chrome to make it work, but have not tried. If I do, I will provide another update. These web browsers are free in the app store and there are many more available than what I've listed.UPDATE: Unfortunately, Flash Player is no longer supported on Android phones (iphones have never had it and still don't), as everything is being moved to html 5. You cannot download flash player from the google play store anymore, but that doesn't mean you can't get it. To get it:Go to your settings, chose "security" and choose, "Unknown Sources" (Allow installation of apps from unknown sources).  You will get a warning that your phone is more vulnerable to attack by apps from unknown sources. Select "okay" if you agree or "cancel" if you don't want the file. If you select "okay", Go to: [ m.cnet.com/news/install-adobe-flash-player-on-jelly-bean-devices/57554629 ] in your web browsers address bar. There is a link there that will take you directly to a link to download the latest flash player. Note: If your phone does not allow you to download from unknown sources, you cannot get the file. The Droid Razr MAXX HD has this option, so you can still download the file as of 1/27/13. Now click on your apps menu (the icon on the bottom on the screen in the middle, on the Droid Razr Maxx HD)Find "files" and click on it, go to "Device Storage" and click on it, find "downloads" and click on it, find "install_flas..._ics.apk" and click on it. Flash player will be installed. After the file is installed, go back into setting, security, and uncheck "Unknown Sources" to be safe. Enjoy.The more I use this phone, the more I love it.

Great phone.... Until you drop it and it shatters and amazon and Motorola can't do s*** about it. Even in otter box. Still shatters

First, I am not one of them super geeks who knows how to root or jailbreak a phone (wish I did). Secondly, I have to say the Maxx HD is a HUGE successor to the original Incredible and iPhone 4 I had in terms of speed of browsing and downloading stuff. Also the screens are a whole inch bigger - 4.7" compared to the tiny 3.7". I also have checked out my sisters iPhone 5 and must say it is a NICE looking phone BUT so is my Maxx HD. The iPhone 5 is about as fast as the Maxx HD and pretty much the only thing I can say that iPhone 5 has the advantage in is the crazy amount of apps to choose from. Don't worry though, Droid fans, the Google Play Store has more than enough apps and many that Apple fans can't have. Speaking of iPhone's appstore, most of the apps that Droid doesn't have are apps that are "indie apps" which are apps that are pretty much just fill-ins and you could totally do without. Okay that's enough of comparing the two, arguably, best phones in the market right now - let's get to the pros and cons....Pros: FAST web browsing and SICK battery life. Like many people say on here you can do some heavy web browsing, texting, calling, downloading and watching videos and still have about 25% battery life by the end of the day...no exaggeration. Also of course the 4.7" screen size I already mentioned is definitely a huge advantage over the iPhone 5's dinky 4" screen. Next, the 32GB of hard drive space is more than enough room of storage for all your apps, pics, and music etc. If you do however run out of space the phone can take up to an additional 32GB micro SD card so you'll have even more a ridiculous amount of space. lastly it will be getting the Jelly Bean software update which is the successor to the outdated but modest Ice Cream Sandwich. Biggest plus about Jelly Bean is it comes with Google Now which rivals Apple's Siri. Expect the update to come around mid or end of December but definitely before January Motorola has stated in articles around the web.Cons: The camera is not terrible but certainly nothing to brag about. I get frustrated any time I try and snap a photo of anything without it being blurry. You have to have SUPER STEADY hands to get a pic capture you're happy with. Aside from the camera the only other con would probably have to be the RAM...only 1gig of RAM? You got to be kidding. This is where Samsung's Galaxy S3 gets to point and laugh at Razr fans with it's 2gig which is becoming the standard nowadays. Shame on you Motorola! Eh not a huge deal as long as you're not going to be downloading every app there is. Just don't forget to download a task killer and setup a widget..I hit it literally more than 50x a day like I got an OCD but it makes me feel better any time I hit it giving me a sense that the phone is back to it normal operating state.Overall, best phone available on the market. Don't be fooled by the iPhone 5's power: it is no different from the 4S except a tad bit bigger but hardly noticeable and definitely still too small even for someone who has average size hands. You're also looking at a battery that doesn't even last a full 8hrs with regular usage VS the Maxx HD's 3300mAh which will last you the entire day with heavy usage and then some.

I really like this phone...replaced my HTC Incredible, and Amazon Wireless really delivered a nice unit, for a great price.

I had the Galaxy S3, and the features of it are great, but it kept doing weird things on me:~bluetooth connection was hit and miss at best~high CPU and RAM usage~other flaky things (e.g. some apps were hit and miss at best)~battery life was awful.I lived with this, fairly happily, but when it was time to upgrade I decided to go with the RAZR Maxx HD.The Jelly Bean operating system and 3300 mah battery were the biggest reasons for this decision.And Man o Man am I happy with this choice.The phone is fast, I never have concerns with RAM and CPUThe Bluetooth never fails to connectAnd the Battery life is AWESOME!!!This phone was built for me!Oh and I sold my galaxy for good money because people think they are awesome, so win, win, win.Highly recommend this phone.

i got this phone thru verizon. ive had it near a yr now. im a diesel mechanic and carry it with me everywhere. i dropped it lots of times from at least 5 ft up, straight onto concrete (no case), and it still works like new... corners are a bit dinged. the glass in fine, hardly even scatched at all. i feel this phone will last till i want a new one... whenever that may be.

More than meets my expectations.  Processor is very fast and 4g speed is fantastic.  The toughness is great.  I've dropped it a few times, before I got my otter box case, and no scratches on the glass.  Best phone I've ever had.

I had great expections of my new droid  Max hd based on reviews I had read. However, it does not measure up. Sound quality was tested against a iPhone in Verizon's store. IPhone 5 won by a mile. One of the reasons I replaced my Samsung charge was the poor sound of the speaker. It was impossible to understand my grand kids. The droid max is worse.  Also, # of dropped calls and other issues relating to poor signal strength worse than the Samsung. Reported problems to Verizon on day 15 . I was told to bad you are one day late. Except for the good battery life,  I suggest you think hard about the iPhone especially when US Cellular gets them.  # 1 in customer service.

Very Disapointed:Email Issues: First, my phone wouldn't work w/my email and my Google groups. Now it "somewhat" works.I get randem notifications of emails I already read sometimes from over a week ago.Group Texting issues: Wont allow me to text a Group, instead "each time" I must add each contact to the list to be texted. I'm not the only one with this issue, and Motorola says this is not feture w/the new Droid Razr Maxx HD and if I want to do Group text, I will need to install a new texting applicaton from another company not related w/MotorolaOnly redeming fact is the battery is awesome!

This is my first smart phone and so far I'm liking it. I've read reviews about this phone and others, no phone is perfect. However they ALL do pretty much the same thing. Sure more expensive phones have more bells and whistles than lower priced phones. This is a good phone. Is it perfect, no. It seems to be the norm that these (all) smartphones have issues. The public is to blame for some of it. Always wanting something newer and better. So therefore phones are designed, built and rushed to market with very little testing. Either deal with it, or go back to a flip phone.

I upgraded to the Droid Razr Maxx HD in November from the Verizon Store. It was a fantastic upgrade from my Droid X. The screen is huge and bright. The OS is very responsive. I love that I now have 2 cameras.But after about a month, the SIM card tray started popping out for no reason. It pops out randomly or pops out if I jostle it when putting it down on a hard surface. When this happens, the phone sometimes disconnects from the network. In addition, the top edge flashing (the piece of aesthetic metal along the top edge where the headphone jack is) started to peel up, so I need to get some superglue and hopefully that will keep it down.EDIT:I have since fixed the top piece that was peeling up. Be careful with super-glue. It will melt the plastic on the back and it's almost impossible to not get it all over the place. :-/The SIM Card that was popping out was because the Micro SD Card is spring-loaded and I just thought it was part of the SIM card tray release mechanism (it looked like a black button - I didn't realize it was the SD Card). Once I seated the Micro SD Card in completely, the tray stopped popping out. Upgrading to 4 stars.

This is simply Moto's best built device thus far. The premium build quality and choice materials are surpassed only by the iPhone 5. If you are on Verizon looking for a hot piece of tech, this is the phone for you. It does not have all the bells and whistles like the Samsung GSIII but it is far more refined and well sorted. The battery life on this phone with LTE is phenomenal and there is no other smartphone manufacturer out there who can match what Moto has done to solve the battery life riddle that seems to concern many smartphone owners out there. 3,300 mAh battery in a form factor that still manages to maintain its 9.3 mm slimness is an amazing feat in technical prowess. Simply put, if you are on Verizon, get it! Unless of course, you simply need to have an iPhone.

Got this phone for my husband because he always has issues with battery life.  Now, I'm kinda of jealous...I think I like it better than my Samsung SIII!

After looking for this particular phone at stores, I was thrilled to find it at Amazon for an amazing price.  So, I bought two!

Looking for a phone I've been looking for a reliable source for quality cellphone reviews and none were really coming to mind.  I ended up at Consumer Reports as that site is one of the few that doesn't bow down to Apple and I felt it was more likely to rate a phone based on its strengths and weaknesses.As you may, or may not have guessed, they rated the Droid RAZR MAXX HD as the best smartphone on the Verizon Network so, I decided to give it a try.BUILD QUALITYI have to say the build is top notch, the Kevlar back and Gorilla Glass front with brushed metal sides and Nanocoating for water protection makes this phone second to none in build quality.  It is actually a very stylish and sturdy device that is sure to please even the most cynical of enthusiasts (you may not like its looks but, you cannot argue with its build).CALL QUALITYThe call quality is excellent and the sound is clean even via Bluetooth.  I haven't had a single dropped call with the device and even with areas of weak coverage the phone was a true champ.WIFIThe Wifi Radio in the phone is a dual band radio so it has good support for a broad range of routers.  Again, no issues with this piece of the phone and it performed as expected.  Smart Actions actually made this piece more useful than other phones.DISPLAYThe 720 OLED display has rich dark tones, excellent contrast and dynamic range.  The screen was plenty bright enough even for most challenging of lighting situations.  It was not IPS Bright but, it was usable.  The Color Gamut, Contrast, Black Level, and perceived sharpenss were all superior to IPS Technology.  In short, it is a great screen.AUDIO & MEDIAThis phone has no Beats or other technology built in but, the driver is top notch!  Sound was crisp, bass had just enough boom, individual notes were allowed to breath and overall the audio was distortion free.  This is better than any of the Galaxy Line or the iPhone line in terms of music playback!  Honestly, this was an unexpected surprise from this phone.BATTERY LIFEPhenomenal, that is all I can say about it!  I would play 3D Games like Dead Space and NBA2K13, text, IM, Talk, Surf, reply to emails, edit documents and photos...  No matter what I did, this battery always had more than 30% remaining when I went to bed and always had more than 6 hours of screen time during the day.  You will not find a better phone for battery life period!SOFTWARE AND FEATURESThe phone was running Jellybean 4.1 and most of the OS was stock but, the one feature that truly gave the phone an advantage was the Smart Actions.With the smart actions, I was able to tell my phone to go into driving mode when it connected to my car, it would then auto text every phone call or text that I was driving but, I had a hands free device should they need to call me.  This function would also enable my data network and turn off my wifi.Another Action I setup was Geolocation of my home so the Wifi would automatically turn on and connect when I got home.  I would also shut off my data network and set the ringer to audible.There's also a custom panel on the phone that has quick settings but, for the life of me I cannot figure out why they left bluetooth off that panel.Everything else about the software is pretty standard.CAMERASAgain, the video chat cam does its job well if you use it but, the front facing camera isn't tuned very well.With the front facing camera I found a propensity to boost the ISO even in the slightest of conditions and it created pattern noise even on a bright day while taking pictures in the shade.  If I processed the best images I got from it, they were as good or better than any phone on the market but, getting those good images was far too tough due to the limitations of the cameras settings.  If Motorola better tuned the camera or gave the user more control, they would have a real winner here but, for some this camera kills the deal.CONCLUSIONIf you take away the front facing camera, you have an excellent phone that is on par with anything out there.  However, if you consider the camera, then there are three Verizon phones ahead of this one (the Galaxy Note 2, iPhone 5, and Galaxy S3).If you care at all about your phones camera, this isn't for you...  If you don't care about the camera then jump on this bad boy as everything else about the phone is great and you likely won't find a better option anywhere!I care somewhat about the camera so I've since moved to the Galaxy Note 2.

I previously owned a Samsung Charge Droid.  I had no complaints other than the battery life was very poor.  I have tested the RAZR MAXX HD doing GPS for 2 hours and 2 hours using the phone as a Hot Spot Internet connection before it ran low on battery power.  Much superior compared to previous phone.  I have little doubt the phone will run out of power when receiving GPS directions when plugged into 12 Volt power in a vehicle as the Charge phone did.

I've gotten a bunch out of this phone and its still kickin. Looks like new and i've had it for a year now. Just always remember to buy a case for a new phone, unless you have a better network for replacements like T-Mobile. Its fast and perfectly functional and holds an entire season of Suits and The Newsroom, both in 720p. The battery lasts about an entire day if i use it a bunch or watch movies for a few hours but if i dont it looses only about half a charge in a day. It does get hot though if you work the phone hard, I've noticed that instagram crashes every other time i load it and i've been through troubleshooting that. It's generally a wonderful phone and the only competitor is Motorola Droid Maxx or the GS4.

This phone is great...the 4G is super fast.....the HD OMG....I can defiantly tell the difference from my old phone the Droid 3....love...love...love my new phone

I upgraded from a Droid Bionic to this phone. I loved everything about the Bionic but the battery life. Finally, I own a smartphone I can use as I wish without worrying where the next outlet or USB port is located.I navigate to and from work with the Waze app (phone unplugged), have corporate e-mail push, make several calls during the day, text message including sending an occasional picture, a little Internet surfing, use the camera, I leave Bluetooth on to connect to my car's speakerphone, and still have more than 50% battery life remaining at the end of a 17 hour day.The phone is thinner than my Bionic. As far as photo quality or speed goes, well I guess I'm not sophisticated enough to recognize any problems. The phone does everything I want in a smartphone without needing a charge after 8 hours.I installed an app called JuiceDefender, and the life became even more astounding. I unplugged from the charger Saturday morning and didn't have to plug in again until Tuesday night with around 20% battery remaining. This is the phone if you love everything about your Droid but the battery life.

I've owned several Android phones in the past and as the screens grew and processors got faster, the phones became dependent on a recharge every couple of hours. I had to stick one of my home chargers in my work bag because no phone could make it through my 10-12 hour shift without having to be shackled to a wall outlet. Then along comes the RAZR HD MAXX with it's Kevlar and metal tough guy looks and unsinkable battery. Finally my prayers have been answered! I can now make it through my shift with web browsing on my breaks and Tune-In radio on most of the day with power to spare at the end of the day. (Usually over 60% battery life left after I get home).The GREAT: Design, feels like it's carved out of a block of steel. Nice Kevlar back is not slippery and resists all but the greasiest of fingerprints. The metal frame looks classy and gives the phone a solid if hefty feel. I like the weight of it, but hit the gym do your curls to bulk up your biceps. The screen is bright and very well defined, It's bigger than my friend's whole iPhone 4S. The speaker is nice and loud (for a phone) and the call clarity is very good. I've had no syncing issues with my car Bluetooth or my headset. Jellybean is awesome, I never thought I would use the Google Voice Search as much as I do, way better and more accurate than Siri in my opinion. I use Chrome for browsing and the Verizon network speeds approach warp 2 with 4G LTE. I've gotten as high as 30 mbits in some locations, never seen speeds that high, even with my home WIFI. So far the processor has had no hiccups running any of my 3D games and apps, no lockups or stalling like my old Galaxy which froze up all the time when I tried to play Star Wars Angry birds. Overall I am very impressed with this phone, no hiccups or problems in my first full month of usage.The NOT-SO-GREAT: The one Achilles heel of the phone is the camera, as most other reviews have mentioned. Low light plain sucks, and you have to have a steady hand to get a clear picture. Besides that, I don't think I can think of any negatives with this phone.If you want a phone that truly lasts all day, and you are tired of having to constantly recharge you phone, get this phone. Right now there's nothing else out there that can match the battery life. My coworkers have Galaxy S3's and other iPhone 5's and they are no match for this phone.

I finally made the upgrade from my Droid X which I got in summer of 2010.  So far I am loving the device. There is nothing absolutely game changing here (other than battery life) but everything works and works very well.  The build of the phone is a big plus. It is a bit on the heavier size but feels like it was made to last.  The screen is great. I know some have concerns regarding the display (PenTile) but I don't think you'd be able to notice any flaws unless you used a magnifying glass or something.The camera isn't that great, but it isn't horrendous either.  I pretty much only used my camera at concerts/special events in the past so this wasn't a deal breaker for me.  If you do use your camera quite a bit, you may want to spend a little more time thinking about this issue before making the purchase. It's also unclear whether software upgrades could ameliorate this issue a bit?Also, those concerned about shipping time when ordered: I had to wait about 5 days even though my projected shipping date was in December. Well worth saving the $100.Finally, although not a surprise, the battery is the star of the phone.  It is so nice not having to worry about lugging the charger around with me wherever I go.  I can use the phone throughout the day worry-free and still have plenty left when I get home.The reason for the 4 stars (would give 4.5 if allowed) is due to the fact that the camera is lacking as well as some of the specs. The specs would have been top-notch a few months ago, but this phone is not up to par with some of the newer devices coming out now and during the holiday season. Will it result it a noticeable difference? Who knows.Overall, a highly recommended device.

So far I love my new phone.  The battery life is a great improvement from my Samsung Charge (POS phone).  Highly recommend this phone. Downside, is trying to find a decent case.  I am too cheap to buy an Otterbox.

Had the razr maxx but this phone is great! Best phone by far and way better than Galaxy! Battery life is great, still needs charge if using frequently.

You're overcompensating if you need a more powerful phone than this. This has everything anyone could need for any phone application and packs the battery that easily lasts me two days along with kevlar back, gorilla glass, and nanoparticle circuitry protection coating.Pros: Everything elseCons: Camera is terrible in low light as expected and also has difficulty focusing in general.

Prior phones (what am I comparing it to):Sony???, Qualcom Thin-phone, Motorola P8767(the best ever), Qualcom QCP-6035, Droid, Droid X2, Razr MAXX HD (now - this review)...10-6-2013, Rev A update:Summery:-- Wizbang, yes; Buggy, Android software-- No customer support (google/ android)-- Good screen (cold be bigger)-- Grate battery life-- Call quality, not that good (barely just OK)-- Motorola (technical) support, not that helpfulBottom line:NOT that HAPPY, considering the full price I had to pay (i dont like apple, so there out too).Seems like the Android phones I've had are engineering evaluation units, buggy, erratic; but pretty good as a first pass.  In need of completion.  Its unclear if the problem is Motorola (ultimately they are responsible, there names on it), Google/ Android, or even the apps (I stick to as few as possible).1.  If you like to make calls while driving, phone has voice commands, but it dont work very good.2.  OEM Dock is OK, but phones support for there own dock - not.  Software not completed, dose not work very well.3.  Touch screen, phone too busy to deal with user interruptions, try again, and again.  Timing erratic, some times fast tap or long press, is needed for same action, phone seem too busy for you to interrupt it???4.  Voice command good at making you swear at it, but not good at calling someone, finding a location, or anything.  Works good ~40% of the time?5.  Two of the smartest guy's I know (hi-tech people in my company) gave up on they're Android, for Apple (I dont like apple, so I stuck with this POS)...6.  I was forced to pay full price, $708.  Absolutely, is NOT-WORTH-THAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!7.  Do to bad call quality (better than last few Droids, just not good), bad user interface (difficult to make calls while driving, this is my only free time), the phone part, is almost unusable...--------------------------------------------------------------------8-28-2013, Rev A, Update:I forgot to mention, the phone appears to not support RSSI (signal strength) in dbm, like all phones do???  Instead displays as percentage of full strength. The data radio supports dbm info.There may be a problem with the SD cards or something that is Android or even is Motorola related, I'm on my second Micro SD card (3 co-workers, 1 has the same phone, two have Razr MAXX (non-HD), had same problem) - dead SD cards, weird...With more charge/ discharge cycles, battery had improved.Replace Google Play with, PowerAmp Full Version (pay).  This works way-way, way better...----------------------------------6-3-2013, Rev B.Better than Droid X2 (DX2), my previous phone, but is not as good as I expected...Everything is better, just not wonderful.Very good battery life.  I can now listen to music all day and not have a dead battery.  It will have more than 50% remaining.Music player skips 90% less than previous models.  Although it dose skip on occasion (192-320kbps file types)...Still having trouble with freezing screens on occasions, and total lock-ups, on occasions. I only use mainstream, apps.  Removed Google Earth, and MapQuest, do to freezing.Notes:--  Learning to format cache is a must.  Seems to need to be done, way too often.Its way harder on this version of droid. Text is in 4 point (very tinny), few second between steps max, or it reboots, without completion.--  If it total hangs:1) Power off/ on, if not work;2) Hold power off (~20 seconds), if not work;3) Hold down volume, and power off (~20 seconds);4) If not work. Plug into USB power supply (NOT A COMPUTER), start over at idem 1 above.The low points:--  Too much, Verizon, Motorola, and Google, utter junk.--  Uses Google Play as music player.  The good news is, the streaming junk can be turned off and ignored. Still skips sometimes. Dose not work with the OEM dock (volume is broken, its louder that full blast).--  Does not have the FM Stereo, that worked so good in the DX2.--  When used with the OEM car dock in landscape-mode, the sign-in password screen is reduced to 1/3 the screen size, and nothing takes the rest of the screen?  This makes it hard to input the password!!!--  Too many bugs, too keep track of.  And since no one cares, why would I keep track (Android; 4.1.2)...I tend to run the latest software/ firmware...Eventually, rooted, removed Verizon crap.  Anyone who streams is nuts.  Runs faster now.My phones (function and (weighted for) call quality, smart phone second):Razr MAXX HD (XT926), C++----------------------------DX2 (MB870) rating:  D+Droid (A855) rating: F+Qualcom QCP-6035, C-Motorola P8767 (the best ever), AQualcom Thin-phone, DSony??? F--

I paid $699 for this phone - right out from Amazon Wireless - to keep my Unlimited data plan through Verizon.  This is the fourth Droid that I have owned.  I will not go to the other side with the sheep. NEVER!  However, this phone has one major flaw that, in this day and age, should never be an issue and also some minor flaws. So, I will point out the good first then the bad...GOOD:Construction - Kevlar, nano coating, Gorilla glass, etc....1 GB RAM but I wish it had 2GBDual Core Processor - ?? - see bad as wellDLNANFC4G LTEHD Screen with good size 4.7"HDMI outUniversal USB for charging and connecting to a PC (Drive)SD CardBATTERY - outstanding 3300Mhp - who cares if it isn't removable9mm thinLED notification light is nice & big and RGB multicolored!Great radios - receptionGreat speaker - speakerphone - sound etcBAD:1)Camera - I have tried third party apps and was hoping Jellybean would fix - it is just a terrible camera.  8MP is fine but every time I take a picture is is yellow, blurry, off hue in average lighting situations.  Outside it is better but then there is another problem - it gets darker or lighter back and forth until the moment is then gone.  I just can't understand this.  My Thunderbolt which I still have takes great pictures and that phone is not a great phone at all specs wise compared to the Razr - why is this?  Focus sometimes take minutes to adjust - even if you tap the screen.  The color - yellowish is just bad in all pictures.  Those of you out there will say it's a phone not a camera - well hello, I take photos all the time of my kids and my DSLR is not with me as much as my phone is you know.  It is just shameful and should be one of the finer aspects of a phone these days. Outside shots with plenty of light are not bad but not great either.  Indoors are terrible and dim light just not good at all. Others will say it isn't that bad of a camera but it is - I want this to be good but it just is NOT.2)Lag at home screen - For a phone with a dual core processor the home screen lags and takes time to populate the screen.  The rings which I love will take time to appear some times.  Sliding from screen to screen there is a slight stutter.  Others have said it is an app causing this but the same apps were on my other Droids so why is it affecting the Razr and not the older ones with less power? I have hard reset the phone but it still remains.3) APPS TO SD ----- NOT!OK, this phone has 32GB internal but I still don't want to store my apps on it!  I can't believe I can't save apps to SD on this phone.  I have a 32GB SD card on board and all it stores are photos and video - nothing else. I have ZDBOX and I always get prompted to move an app to SD but it can't be done on the Razr.  If I knew this beforehand I may not have purchased this phone and I am surprised everyone is OK with this.Final Thoughts:I still have my upgrade with Verizon and when something else comes out I might sell this on EBay.  I am upset because I love the way this phone looks and feels - I just wish the camera and speed were up to par. There are many good Android things that this phone can do.  Also, with moderate use I can go three days before I have to recharge - that is outstanding and one of the reasons I did buy the phone.  I heard the camera was bad and I thought I could deal with it but I can't.

Ok...I know many of you looking here will be deliberating over this phone or the Galaxy S3. I will try to be objective on both phones since I have had them both but keep in mind....in the end I DID opt for the S3.Here is MY experience and how I arrived at MY decision. No need to argue, I am not trying to persuade you one way or the other.My wife and I were with AT&T;, she had an iPhone 4, me a Galaxy S3(x6 months). We are moving to an area that only gets service from Verizon. So..... She loves IOS and is staying with Apple, iPhone 4s, I love Android and was excited to finally get a chance to have a premium Motorola product, but I really liked my S3. Needless to say I spent hours researching the difference between the S3 and the Razr Maxx HD.In the end, I went with the Razr for a couple of reasons:1) whenever I get a chance to get a new phone, well, I kind of want a NEW phone, not the same one I had even though I loved the S3.2) Motorola has the reputation of having superior reception and I knew I was going to be in a fringe area.(this was probably what tipped the scales the most)3) The Maxx battery. Enough said.4) The Razr looks 'tougher'5) I had tried the Atrix HD and kinda like the circle widgets.So....Fast forward to today (one month with the Razr Maxx HD)...I am going back to the S3. Here is what I have experienced.First let me address the 5 reasons I opted to try the RAZR.1) new phone syndrome - it only lasts for a little while, then you have what you have...2)I guess I cannot vouch either way on this since my old S3 was on AT&T; and my RAZR is on Verizon. BUT.... My old S3 was consistently as good or better than my wifes iPHone4 both on AT&T....The; RAZR is consistently as good or better than my wifes 4S both on Verizon. So my conclusion is that the S3 on Verizon with be in the same ballpark(I hope). Not a big enough difference that I could tell to give an edge to any of the 3 (iPhone, Galaxy, or RAZR) Had any one of them proved superior in this area.... THAT would probably be a deciding factor, because ultimately that is what "I" want is for my phone to work when I need it.3) The Maxx definately has an impressive battery. No contest there.4) The Razr still wins here, it looks tougher. However, I keep all my phones in a case so this is really not a factor. Samsung gets a lot of grief for the flimsy back on the S3, and yes it is flimsy when it is off of the phone, BUT it snaps on securely and once on the phone, the S3 feels pretty good. So...if you don't use a case, I would give a decent edge to the Motorola even though I am pretty sure the "Kevlar" case is more gimmick than function.5)I do like the circles widget and yes, i know you can download a similar one from the play store. It isn't the same.Ok.... so what actually made me go back to the Galaxy S3???1) Function. The Galaxy just seems smoother and more refined than the Motorola. Daily, it seems, I am frustrated by the Razr. It is 'glitchy' often. Some examples that I have experienced: If I have a song playing and unlock the phone the screen flashes and the song skips... it continues on to play, but annoying. For a while everytime I would unlock it, the screen would flash and my new text, email, and call notifications would clear...major annoying. After a factory reset it seems to have taken care of that issue, but it still glitches at times and I don't trust that this issue won't reappear. In my mind it seems unstable. That is the best way I can put it. I am NOT a heavy user and don't have tons of apps installed either. Don't get me wrong... the RAZR always worked and worked well, it just wasn't as "fluid" as what I was use to with the S3.2) "Back" "Home" "Menu" "Recent Apps" buttons..... Having a physical Home button on the S3 vs. the RAZRs virtual keys... I don't care either way. I like them both. However I DO prefer the dedicated "menu" softkey on the S3 over the "recent app" softkey and "floating" menu softkey (ala iPhone) of the RAZR.3) Stuff just seems harder to do on the Motorola. i.e. adding a custom ringtone to a contact is more difficult on the RAZR, no stopwatch on the included clock, no included 'flashlight', no ability change the shortcuts available from the lock screen, no ability to have different home or lock screen wallpaper, I miss smart-stay, I miss being able to take a picture by voice command(say 'cheese' or 'smile'), switching between two calls is not as clear on the RAZR. I know...some of these can be remedied via 3rd party apps. It just seems I am constantly having to overcome little nuisances on the Motorola that didn't seem as difficult on the Sammy. I am not short on techical savy either and don't mind messing with settings, apps, etc.4) the camera is better on the S3.  The RAZR does pretty well until it uses the flash, then things go downhill.That is about all... some other things you may be wondering or considering:S-voice - made no difference to me. It is not useful in my opinion. Google Voice search is available on both phones and is just as useful if you like speaking to your phone.The S3 comes with decent headphones, none with the RAZR.The keyboard on the S3 is HORRIBLE. There is almost NO auto-correction. Maybe you like that. I am a Swiftkey fan.Summary: I like to use visual pictures to convey my thoughts so here is what I have come up with for this summary:The Motorola Razr Maxx HD is like a F350 Hybrid. Sure it is built like a tank, it will run forever, and it works, no doubt, but driving it leaves a little to be desired.The Samsung Galaxy S3 is like a Mini Cooper S. Looks more like a car for a girl, but dang thing sure is fun to drive.

Phone worked for about an hour, then it locked up. Was not able to get it unloced. Tech. at Verizon. was not able to get it to work. It has to be returned. If I wanted a replacement right a way I would have to pay for a new one at full price and wait for the refund. Good thing the old phone still works.

Replaced an HTC Evo which did not last the day when using throughout the day. The Razr Maxx battery life is outstanding; goes several days without charging.

Nothing more to say that hasn't been said already.  Buy the phone! You will not be disappointed. This phone lives up to all the hype so far. If i find something that causes my 5 star rating to change then I will update this accordingly.  But I don't foresee that happening

I have just upgraded from the DROID X  to this phone, and I have definitely made the right decision.  This phone is everything I have expected from the ads and reviews and more.  The 4G LTE is the business! One thing I really like is the audio controls.  The customization options you get with this phone are the same as with the DROID X, and that is very important to me as I listen to music in car through my phone, so the audio has to be on point.Overall a good buy, and you won't be disappointed!

Purchased this phone for the same price as it could be purchased at the verizon store and then when I came out of the contract early I knew I would have to pay verizon for the etf but then amazon says I owe them for an etf but I didn't see that anywhere when I purchased the phone and I didn't sign any contract with amazon wireless. Buyers beware when purchasing a phone from amazon wireless.

All in all, this is a pretty solid phone.Pros:- Good battery life- Nice screen- Motoblur has been mostly killed in favor of a few tweaks to stock AndroidCons:- WiFi has been a bit flaky on some networks- Didn't ship with 4.1.  Motorola has, in the past, had a terrible record for providing updates.  Hopefully things are better now and 4.1/4.2 will actually make it to the device.  4.0 is generally fine, but there are some delays and snags that can be a little annoying.- Verizon has loaded this up with junk that can't be removed

I lOVE this phone. The battery life is unbelievable!!! The battery lasts me all day even using the internet, playing Candy Crush Saga and talking on the phone. Screen resolution is beautiful very clear. I lost my original Droid Razr Maxx (the one before the maxx HD) and couldn't find another one, so I got this one and I'm glad I did. I would recommend this phone to anyone who uses their smartphone a lot and doesn't want to charge their phone constantly.

I purchased this phone approximately 5 months ago and this review represents my impressions formed over that time period.Battery life:  This was the main reason for my purchase of this phone.  (previously had a Blackberry 9650) I have to say that I am underwhelmed by the battery life of this phone.  On the Blackberry I had a number of applications that helped to preserve battery life which worked well and the battery life was acceptable if not stellar.  The Droid Razr Maxx does not have noticeably better battery life than the Blackberry.  I use Smart Actions to turn off WiFi and Bluetooth when it makes no sense for them to be on and it doesn't seem to help significantly.  I have very few apps other than what the phone came with so that isn't a factor in the battery life.The screen:  This is my main complaint with this phone - I cannot see the screen if I'm outside.  I've had smart phones for a number of years and am aware that the screens aren't great when outside but this phone is noticeably worse.Bottom line:  I'd give this phone about a C- grade.  Battery life less than expected.  The bells and whistles are nice but I'd give up most of them if I could read the screen outdoors.

I'm on my third day with the Razr Maxx HD and absolutely love it. I got it for the battery life, and it certainly delivers. The smart actions are a good addition which acts like the Tasker app in the play store. It feels great in your hand, for those that like a little heft, but doesn't feel heavy. The large notification light was a nice addition that I had no heard about prior to the phone coming out.The only things that I'm not a fan of, is the inability to set your home screen to a middle screen. I assume it was so that Motorola could have the settings window to the left. The other issue is the camera. It's pretty close to awful. I dont get why Moto would put such a crappy camera into such a nice phone. But, I didnt buy it to take photos so I'm not worried about it.Either way, I'm very happy with this phone. It's a signifigant upgrade over my Droid X.

There is always a dilemma with a Droid - battery power drain, memory limits, processing speed and wonkiness.  The Maxx HD can come with a 32Gb HD - listening to music is not a problem!  The battery is stable, going through the day on calls, emails GPS and drops to 30-50% usage.  Getting used to the flow of the Motorola look and feel, but with the latest Android OS I really enjoy it.  Processing speed may be the only thing (as with other smart phones) at 1Ghz.  Hoping an engineer can figure out the 2Ghz+ holy grail.  I have tried other Droids and use an iPhone for work...hands down I enjoy this Maxx HD and think it's the best phone out there.  Also enjoyed the Amazon phone-buy experience.  Kudos all around.

I got the Droid X the first day Verizon sold it. It was OK but never spectacular. This phone is spectacular. If you are productivity obsessed, get this phone.Battery: The battery is worth every penny. It's at 50% after two days of light use .. partly because of the SmartActions app; When I connect my bluetooth it shuts down WIFI and switches on "Drivesmart" announcing texts and calls, toggles on mobile data, and turns on GPS. When I'm home it switches off GPS and mobile data and switches on WIFI. At night it shuts down even more.Security: The facial recognition software is flawless. Works fast, and worked the first time. I hate password protecting my phone, but it's idiotic not to. This makes being secure way less burdensome.Processing speed: I have 9,000 contacts and this looks them up faster than i can type. The Droid X processor would lag for seconds, and the voice lookup crashed every time I used it.Voice recognition: I have a deep voice. Siri does not understand me, Droid does. 'nuff said.There's way more to like, but after a week using this thing, I have no regrets.

I read all the reviews and decided on the droid razr maxx hd over the S3 and the DNA. I got a great upgrade price from amazon wireless ($100). First of all the battery, NO CONTEST: BEST battery by far. The speed of the phone is great and the reception, even in rural Alabama, cant be beat. I was concerned about the camera, some of the reviews were negative, but after going through all the options, it is a fantastic camera. The HD shots are great. In my opinion get the Razr Maxx HD, add the otter box, and you'll be all set!!!!!!!!!!

High quality, large screen, great pictures, strong build. Love the virtual buttons which go away when watching a video. Nothing negative yet.

I have constantly heard good things about this phone and have seen it in action. However, I need to know if the phone is truly global in terms of being able to use both CDMA and GSM in same set. I know this version is by Verizon.Can anyone confirm if I get the unlocked version, would it support GSM (sim) as well?

I recently purchased the Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD.  I upgraded from an HTC Droid Incredible 2 or at least I thought it was an upgrade.  I never had any problems with my old phone and was pleased with it, but did think that it was time for an upgrade because the phone was almost three years old.  I did my research(or so I thought) and made a decision between the Razr and the Samsung Galaxy S III.  After further review, I decided on the Razr and ordered it.  I have been very unhappy with the Razr.  1. The Razr makes group texting very difficult.  I could set my group up, but could not text with the group.  2.  The Razr would not stay connected to my Blue Tooth.  When I am traveling, I love to listen to books thru my "hands free" BT using the Audible app for Droid; however, I took a 5 hour trip (one way) and the phone would not stay connected to my BT, it would drop the stream and then after maybe an hour would start again.  I talked with a representative and they suggested I unpair and then repair the phone with my BT; tried this several times.  It still would not work.  Finally after several days of this, I read on the internet where you can download an app to help with this. I never experienced any of the the earlier mentioned problems with the HTC Incredible 2.  I have become so disgusted and dissatisfied with the phone that I am returning the phone and ordering the Samsung Galaxy S III as I was able to sell my Incredible 2.  I hope that I do not have the same problems with the Galaxy.  I am not an iphone fan. I must be honest as I write this I am not a cell phone fan.

I got this phone 5 days ago, so not a long time ago, but let me tell you why I love it (coming from an Iphone)PROS1) BATTERY LIFE, BATTERY LIFE AND BATTERY LIFE!! The battery is simply exceptional. If you are a light user it lasts 2/3 days (naturally leaving the phone on during the night), if you are a super heavy user (lot of calls, email and gps usage) you can count on the phone to bring you at the end of your day with no problems whatsoever (12 -13 hours on). It recharges from fully empty to 100% in about 3-4 hours.2) Google goodies. Google maps and navigation first and foremost, a very nice integrated gmail app which synchronizes all your contacts on the spot and much more3) absolutely painless bluetooth tethering with external devices (i.e. tables), so I can use the unlimited (and actually very fast) Verizon data connection with my tablet without the need of another data plan4) Very bright and nice screen. OK I am not a teenager and I don't use the phone to play games or watch movies or other stuff, but I find it nice to look at.5) Coming from an Iphone, fully configurable. You can finally choose what to do or what do not to with something you paid for. There are a lot of options I have not explored yet, and most of them probably I never will. I own a Nexus 7 tablet, so I was somehow already familiar with Android 4.0 but still, it is very user friendly.6) I am still far from using all the 32 GB of the phone, but the knowledge that if that will ever happen I can shove in a microSD card is nice to know.CONSMy only con, and I was aware of that, is that I don't have big hands and sometime I have trouble in handling all the option with one hand, like holding the phone and scroll down the notification bar from the top. Other than that, so far I could not find a weak spot on this magnificent phoneI am quite sure that you can find on the market faster phones, or lighter phones, or even brighter phones... but what use you have for all these fantastic features if you are constantly struggling with the battery?

Battery is the best, apps runs smooth, Camera is OK but takes some time to focus at times, I did not like what Verizon did to stock gallery app (it uses Verizon's cloud instead of Google's cloud). Everything else is great

Nowadays, if a smartphone does not have a large HD display or 4G LTE data connections, it makes little to no sense why one would purchase one. While these are both great features to have on our daily drivers, they are also the two biggest features that eat away at our battery life on our devices. Thankfully, you can have a large HD display, strong 4G LTE data speeds, and a long lasting battery on the Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD. Is the Maxx HD still a good smartphone choice, even though it came out back in October? Let's find out.The Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD is one of the best designed handsets I have ever used. The MAXX HD is home to a beautiful 4.7-inch Super AMOLED display, which is also made of super-strong Corning Gorilla Glass to ensure ultimate protection. The back of the handset is also extremely durable since it is made of DuPont KEVLAR fiber. The entire body of the MAXX HD is layered with water-repellent nanocoating, so it can survive it's fair share of poolside experiences.As you can see, the MAXX HD is an extremely durable handset, but the luxuries don't stop there. The MAXX HD is also an extremely sexy device at 5.19 x 2.67 x 0.37 in and with a weight of only 5.54 oz. The MAXX HD feels wonderful in the hand and has a truly beautiful design.In terms of processing speeds, the MAXX HD is packing in a 1.5GHz dual-coreSnapdragon processor along with 1GB of RAM. While most games ran fairly smooth, I did find some serious framerate issues at times. Graphically intensive games like Frontline Commando ran great, but when I was playing Vector, a free-running game, the MAXX HD could barely keep up at some of the later levels. Even though the MAXX HD is running on Android 4.1 with Google's "Project Butter", I also encountered some lag when swiping through my home screens (I believe this is more due though to Motorola's skin rather than the processors themselves). With these performance issues aside though, streaming HD video, music, and web browsing was an extremely smooth experience. While you could certainly get much better gaming performance on handsets such as the LG Optimus G, the MAXX HD provides enough power for average consumers.As stated before, the MAXX HD has a 4.7-inch Super AMOLED display that has a pixel resolution of 1280 x 720 with a 312 ppi (pixels-per-inch). Overall, I was very impressed with the resolution. While 1080p HD displays are quickly becoming a standard in high-end smartphones, videos, games, pictures, and text still looking stunning on the MAXX HD's displayThe MAXX HD is also home to an 8MP rear-facing camera that can record 1080p HD video, and a 1.3MP front-facing camera which is capable of recording 720p HD video. While the front-facing camera is fine for video chatting and taking profile pictures, I was a bit disappointed with the rear-facing shooter. While pictures that were taken outdoors looked fine, pictures that I took indoors resulted in a lot of digital noise. The MAXX HD comes in 16GB and 32GB flavors, with an option to expand your memory via microSD card, to ensure you have all the memory you need to store all of your apps, contacts, and music.The MAXX HD is a Verizon Wireless exclusive, which means you are getting access to Verizon's ever-growing 4G LTE data speeds. 4G LTE has recently become available in my area of residence (Lawrence, MI) and Verizon has said that they hope to have 4G LTE support in their entire 3G coverage zone by the end of 2013. 4G LTE data speeds on the MAXX HD were great. I averaged out with about 17mbps download and 16mbps upload speeds, with a peek of 21mbps download and 18mbps upload. My testing with the MAXX HD also produced some excellent call quality. In my testing, everyone I talked to said that I sounded very clear, and everyone sounded great on my end as well.One of the biggest selling points of the MAXX HD is it's ginormous 3,300 mAhbattery. During my 2 weeks with the device, I only charged it about 5 totaltimes. Motorola is promising up to 32 hours of use with the device, and theycouldn't be more correct! With heavy use of streaming video, LTE Internetbrowsing, playing games, using NFC, and more, I had 33% battery remaining after more than 18 hours of use. The MAXX HD will easily last you through two days of use and provides enough battery for even the heaviest smartphone users.Out of the box, the MAXX HD is running on Android 4.0.4 Ice Cream Sandwich, but is upgradeable to Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean. While there is still no word from Motorola as to whether or not the handset will ever get the update to 4.2 Jelly Bean, you are still getting all of 4.1's great features such as "Project Butter", improved notifications, Google Now, and more. The MAXX HD is also layered with Motorola's own custom UI. Aside from some Motorola-themed icons for certain applications, the company has left the UI looking almost identical to Vanilla Android. Along with the look of Vanilla Android, Motorola has also included some neat features of their own. Swiping all the way to the right of your home screens will reveal your Quick Settings, which give you quick access to settings such as your ringtones, Wi-Fi, Airplane mode, and more. Motorola has also included their famous Circles widget. The Circles widget consists of three circles that display information such as the time, weather, and battery life. When you receive a new text message or missed call, they will also show up in your Circles widget.Overall, the MAXX HD is a very solid Android handset. Although it came out back in October 2012, it still has one of the best designs I've ever seen on a smartphone, a beautiful Super AMOLED display, huge 3,300 mAh battery, Android 4.1 Jelly Bean, and more for only $99 with a two-year service agreement on Amazon. Although you will have to deal with the poor cameras and processors that aren't the best for intensive games, the MAXX HD is an excellent handset, and is one of the few out there that will last you through two full days of heavy use.

I have owned this phone for nearly a month. It is a great phone, and I have no serious complaints. Just wanted to address the battery-life.I use the Smart Actions to save energy and am not a heavy user of the phone. I browse the news, check FB, but don't stream anything regulary. I drained the battery from 100% to 2% and it said it had been unplugged for 2 days, 19 hours, and some number of minutes. That is amazing compared to my last phone the Galaxy S I, which was 2+ years old but would only last 1 day at best (same usage pattern).Hope this helps someone.

Really can't say enough about this phone. Amazing Screen, Super Fast, Built like a Tank, Water resistant coating, Feels great in the hand, Loud and Clear Speakerphone, Motorola reception that is second to none, and all with a super long lasting battery.Is it perfect, no, but what phone is. If I could talk to the engineers at Motorola, I would ask them to put the Power button back on the top like the Droid X. I have a tendency to hit the Power button when I'm trying to adjust the Volume but I'm sure I'll get used to it.I also wish that instead of a "recent items" button, it was a "menu" button, but again, I'm getting used to the new configuration.One more thing is that I wish the Glass over the Camera Lens were slightly indented so it didn't get finger smudges on it.I really like the way this phone has a larger screen than the Razr Maxx it replaces, yet it's not as wide, like I said earlier, the new Maxx HD really feels good in the hand.Now we just need Otterbox to hurry up and develop a Commuter case for it, supposed to be on the way though.So, did I mention I really like this phone?  If you're on the fence, just buy it, you'll love it, and you'll save a 100 bucks buying it from Amazon.

this phone was a steal on amazon,its a nice phone with great battery life,and a lot of features included I like it a lot thanks amazon

I've been an Android user (Droid 2 International) and a Blackberry user, both related to using the phone for a combination of work and personal use.  This is by far the best phone I've owned. The screen is gorgeous and big (but not cumbersome), the build feels very firm and secure, and the phone is a speed demon when it comes to data. The sound is extremely clear when I use it as a phone. The operating system (Android 4.1) is what it is, but the phone itself flies. And the battery life - my office is a cell phone sink hole, with just enough signal that every phone I've had has been sucked dry of battery power by mid-afternoon.  By late afternoon, as I leave the office, this phone has typically fallen to 80% of power remaining.  This is mindbogglingly great!  I can highly recommend the Razr Maxx HD.  No caveats yet.

I got this phone because my Droid X was a couple of years old and was too slow in downloading and opening apps and data. I considered the Samsung Galaxy S III, Galaxy Note II and the HTC DNA before buying this. I liked the look and speed of the DNA, but the 16GB on storage and no micro-SD card slot ruled it out since I carry around at least 12GB of music. I liked the look and feel of the interface on the S-III, but it seemed a little flimsy and I can be tough on my phones. The Note II looks like a great alternative, especially with the S-pen, but it seems a little too large to be comfortable carrying around all day. I bought this because of the solid feel of the case and because of the advertised speed and battery life.Compared to the Droid X this is a speed demon, although that isn't hard to do. Running benchmark tests it tests slower than the Samsungs, but faster than most other phones on the market. This is to be expected with the 2GB of Ram in them and especially with the Note's quad core processor vs. the dual core in this one. Still, this phone downloads apps and files very fast and opens and runs apps instantly.The main benefit given for this phone is battery life. So far it does seem to have significantly more life that any of my previous phones. It seems to last me about 10 hours of constant use, not the 2 days that some people have been reporting. I have been using it a lot since I first got it to download apps, play around with the interface and test it out, so that is probably draining the battery faster than normal use, but probably not too different from someone who used it constantly for working on documents or playing games. Today it is at 33% battery life after just under 10 hours of use. At that rate it will get about 13 hours, which is certainly less than others have seemed to experience. I will see how it goes after more days during which I don't use it so much.My one complaint is the interface. As someone else said, the widgets and functionality seem almost a step backwards from the Droid X. Yes, the screen is larger and brighter, but not enough to make it any more useful for working with documents. It is still a phone with the ability to do the occasional email rather than a workhorse messaging device. Mine got the Jelly Bean OS upgrade as soon as I activated it, it is working off of Android 4.1.1, so it isn't that it is an out of date version. It may just taking some getting used to, but I miss some features of the old OS, like the ability to move apps and contacts between the SD card and internal storage.The Wi-Fi setting on this is getting annoying too. I have no problem connecting a laptop and 2 desktops over my current Wi-Fi at home, but this phone keeps trying to connect and refusing to saying "poor internet connection." When using the phone at home the Wi-Fi connection app comes up every few minutes, asks for my password, and then sits there while trying to connect.I have made a few calls on it and as a phone it seems fine. The call quality is about the same as on the Droid X on both ends. The main difference is in the speakerphone, which has much higher fidelity than on the old phone.Overall this is a good phone for someone who wants a relatively fast, solidly built but not too flashy phone.

Plenty of good detail reviews here so I'll just add my highs and lows:Highs:Phone works great, call quality, seldom drops, good DTMF tones, excellent reception and good coverage from Verizon in the N.E.Intuitive, button placement and click feel. Soft buttons work good and were well thought out.Outstanding battery, really frees you up. Work all day and go play at night without a care with everything turned on.Quality finish and feel, solid materials that look nice too.Android operating system is continually updated.Sound quality is top notch, weather speakerphone or stereo headset.Bluetooth connectivity is excellent, I have mine paired with my Car, wireless headset, and a dock all with no problem and excellent results.Data switching is good. Phone changes from OTA (cell phone) data to wireless usually without a glitch.Fast processor for detail games, works nice.Nice detail color display, not too big, not too small.I've had good experience with Motorola customer service.Lows:While the camera works good, other premium phones have better camera's and video.Android operating system, there's plenty of low grade apps out there that waste your time and sometimes your money. If your coming from an iPhone, this is a major complaint.$$$, not cheap, You're carrying around something worth a pretty penny if you lose it, drop it, or get it wet.One of the larger bar style phones feels big in smaller hands.I've had iPhones, Samsung GS3 and others, this is the best at this time.

This is the best phone available hands down. The iPhones always have all the hype but they never have the quality to back it yet people still buy them. I bought this phone from my local verizon store the day they were available. The salesperson told me they got 12 of these phones in for the launch day and yet I had no trouble getting one and didnt wait in line for anything. I love this phone for the truly amazing battery life. I use my phone very heavily by streaming video, music, navigation, web browsing downloading/uploading pics, VPN access to work and I havent plugged it in at night with less than 40% battery life. It is amazing!! the screen is next best feature as it isnt an IPS screen but it does have very very good pixel density and is very large while not making the phone itself large. The phone is just as thick as my old droid X's thinnest edge. I have always been a motorola fan because they are wireless pioneers and make solid phones and now they are owned by the biggest search engine in the world.

This phone is amazing with the longest lasting battery life and its very durable. I owned the Droid Maxx and traded up for the Droid Maxx HD. One thing i noticed right away a longer lasting battery and the charge up time is much faster.I have been waiting for this phone for months and so glad I got it. The bigger screen is great too going from 4.3 inches to 4.7 inches with the phone staying the same size.I have had this phone a week and im a heavy user. This phone is very hard to lose power. I use it from 8 am to midnight during the week and still have 40 percent left.

The design looks really good, especially for Android phone. Also, the battery/talktime is awesome.However, that's about all positive things to mention how this product differentiates from others.It has all the specs the rival products have, but honestly I have no idea what's the fuzz around this device.Also, the price seems to be pretty high.If you want a good looking, slightly above average phone with good battery, this is your choice.

You won't believe this is a smartphone. The battery can last for more than a two days!! Carrying my charger with me is in the past!!

In the world of "I'm a PC; I'm a Mac", I would describe myself as a Droid loyalist. This is my second droid (1st was a HTC Thunderbolt) and I want to really, really love it, but like any relationship, there are drawback.For instance, there is no comma on the first screen. I text and write tombs of work emails from my phone. In order to get to next keyboard screen, you have to tap the ?123 key, which happens to be right next to the microphone key that will ask "what can I help you with?"-- the Droid version of iPhone's Siri. It isn't necessary to have that there and it annoys me that the commonly used comma is on a second screen. Other than that, the keyboard is great and you can add words to the dictionary and it has a very good natural language progression that displays your potential next word and you can just hit that rather than typing the entire word out.The battery life rocks. I commute 90 minutes to work each day, sometimes more. I am on it a lot using it for heavy battery killers like internet and email and most times I can last a full day.The camera is good for standard pics. The panorama and multishot are nice additions, however, when comparing similar shots to my friends who have iPhones , their quality is better. Often times my photos are grainy and darker than theirs. Best for daylight. Then, it rivals iPhone.Live the multiple screens to allow for tons of apps. Easy to swipe and arrange how you like.The big screen is clear and the video quality is amazing. Unfortunately, the speaker isn't very good, so get a bluetooth or headphones. When I drive and have it just on speaker I can hardly hear the other person.There is a glitch with the alarm. You can set multiple alarms and it comes up as snooze or dismiss. Sometimes fumbling from being woken up, I've swiped the alarm away and it is still going off, yet there is no way to find snooze again. I've had to power it off just to get the alarm to turn off. This had happened about ten times in the 4 months I've had itIt has smart actions which are very cool and allow you to customize you phone for things like automatic switch to vibrate after 10 pm. You'll have to play around-- there are lots of options.Overall, for business it does the trick. I have opened Microsoft office documents and PDFs, no problem. And the battery life is amazing which for a commuter can sometimes be the deciding factor. It is, after all, a phone first, everything else is second.

In the past 3 years I've been through a few phones. First the pre paid phones from straight talk. Then I graduated to a pre-paid razr from AT&T, (The flip phone) then an Iphone 4s.  And I have to say that after using this phone for the past 14 days..I am very very pleased with the construction, design, the weight, and the overall performance. It's built like a brick ****house. You do not need an otterbox defender case for this, or any kind of protection really. I'm always dropping my phones out of my pockets or something silly. My iPhone was dropped 3 times, and on the 3rd time, the screen cracked even with the defender case on IT!. After dropping my Maxx over a dozen or so times, the screen doesn't even have a scratch and still works just as the same as the day I got it out of the box. This my friends, is the smartphone to get. So not only is it durable...Depending on your apps, you have anywhere from 8-10 hours of battery life. The sound is what you would expect for a cell phone. But the picture quality when you are watching a video on YouTube, is amazing. I can't comment on the 4g useage of this phone, because I have my mobile data shut off. The current company I use doesn't offer unlimited data. I leech off of my own wi-fi network at home. This product gets 5 stars and then some.

Battery life is outstanding.  Excellent upgrade for the Droid Razr.  Easy to set-up and transfer contacts and apps.  Fast touch response and excellent screen clarity.

I bought the Razr HD MAXX and this is literally the perfect phone so far.In short, this is the most polished Android phone I've ever used (and I've used a lot of them!). I haven't encountered a single bug or defect in hardware, software, etc.The phone size itself if just right. I have normal size hands for a male and can reach everything on the screen with my thumb. No readjusting needed. As stated by others, the MAXX version is barely any thicker or heavier, get it!In this review I'm going to focus on the software, as the hardware is pretty straight forward.When I first got the phone the move over from my old phone was simple. After signing into my Google account, all contacts synced right away. I'd recommend using the app "sms backup and restore" to recover your texts from your old phone. I backed up the file to my dropbox so I could restore it easily.The OS reminds me of my Samsung Galaxy Nexus, which is a good thing. Almost everything is stock Android. Need I say fast?All screen transitions, opening of apps, app drawer, notifications, swiping, answering calls, touching widgets, etc. are silky smooth. You would think it already has Jelly Bean's "Project Butter." No lag anywhere in sight. Multitasking is a dream. While talking on the phone I was receiving texts, emails, etc. immediately. You can also have Facebook, gmail, Google Chrome, texting, dailer, ebay, youtube, dropbox, apps etc. etc. all open and the phone doesn't even notice it. It plays 1080p youtube videos without stutter and no buffering! These videos look incredible in hand.Battery life. It has a ton of it. When pulling this phone out of the box, it was charged 30% from the factory. I immediately restored texts, contacts, accounts, apps (downloading all of them over 4G and then installing), etc. Basically abusing the battery for hours, on 4G tinkering with the phone. To kill the phone at the end of the night I had to turn screen brightness all the way up and download/watch a 1080p youtube video for a while.If you are on the edge to buy this phone, it's obvious from the reviews this is THE best phone on Verizon right now. As far as I'm concerned, the best phone period. Between the build quality, speed, battery life, size, almost stock android, call quality, call and data reception, this phone gives an absolutely incredible user experience. I'm completely satisfied.If I had to think of a con I'd say the fact that it didn't come stock with Android 4.1 Jelly Bean. However, it's on the way by the end of the year says Motorola and the leaked build that has already surfaced.Also, if you are on a fringe 4G area this phone may spend a lot of time searching for 4G and transitioning between 4G and 3G. This could make battery life not as exceptional or even not good at all. But, compared to other 4G phones with smaller batteries, this is the best choice. You can always toggle 4G/3G off and on with apps to save lots of battery life if you are in one of these areas. I'm in a decent sized city and I've only seen the 3G logo once, 4G the rest of the time.I'm a normal guy btw, no motivation to write this review other than the fact I'm thoroughly impressed. I've had trouble with phones in the past and this one is the exception, perfection.

This phone is by far the best one i have owned so far, the battery is outstanding i got 25 hours of heavy use from the first charge, the camera and all the hardware specs are great, the speakerphone does not sound good when you are talking to another person who is also on speakerphone (none of them really do in that situation). the first time i booted the phone it took less than a minute from the red moto logo to fully booted and useable, this did not change when i installed my 90+ apps and widgets, with other phones that time literally tripled if not more, i have read a ton of reviews on this phone, people mostly complain about the camera, (hint: if you want a professional camera then buy one) most people that use the camera on these phones are not taking pictures for times magazine (if you are its time to ask for a pay raise), others stay they dont like the motorola interface (then why would you buy a motorola? i personally do not like to throw money away on something i do not like), i personally like the interface, that is why i stick with motorola.overall the phone is very fast, i have yet to  experience any lag or freezing, the phone takes really good photos and video, call quality is great, i would definitely recommend this phone to anyone (that likes motorola and is not a professional photographer). i would have given the phone 5.5 stars but its limited to 5.

Absolutely amazing phone. Extremely satisfied with the battery life! Highly recommend this to anyone who uses their phone a lot!

I've had the phone for about a week, and couldn't be happier.  First the looks.  The screen is bright and sharp.  The resolution is high enough that you can't see the pixels.  Text and graphics look amazing.  Even turned off, the front of the phone is black and shiny.  The back of the phone feels slightly rubbery, and has a matt finish. The phone itself feels good in my hands.  The 4G speeds are lightning fast, even faster than my Thunderbolt I replaced.  The battery on this phone is amazing.  I've gone 48 hours since I charged this phone, and I still have enough juice left (40%) for the rest of the day.  It's that good.  The larger battery does make the phone a little heavier and thicker than its brother, but it's still lighter and thinner than the phone that I replaced.  The size and weight feel good in your hand, and the phone just feels solid.I'm also very happy that they released the Jelly Bean update so soon after the phone release.  Hopefully this phone will see newer releases quickly as well.  With Google owning Motorola, I would hope that they keep their new phones up to date.Overall I'm extremely satisfied with this phone, and would defiantly recommend it to anyone looking for an Android phone on Verizon.

My wife & I have had these phones for a few weeks now and we couldnot be happier! and we are people who love our Apple computers andIpads, however for a phone , the widgets of android, the Smart actionsand AWESOME battery and quality of this phone kept us from iPhone 5.This is a great phone, very happy!

My Razr Max HD arrived with Jelly Bean preinstalled. I have not experienced any of the problems many have experienced with the OS upgrade.  This is a great phone!  Much smarter than I am, more functionality than I will ever need or understand.  Battery life is as advertised, call quality is exceptional, and 4G connectivity is lightning fast.  Feels good and looks good.  I highly recommend this phone.

I've been around the Android world since the release of the original Motorola Droid and have owned several devices since then. The HTC Droid Eris, Moto Droid 1&2, Moto Droid X&X2;, and the Droid Bionic. With each step up in technology and operating system I have observed a marked increase in the quality and usability of the android phone in general.I've been waiting for an Android phone that would rival the iPhone and it's latest iterations. I really must say that the Razr Maxx HD does that and more! The battery life is absolutely exceptional and with smart actions set up the right way, I've gotten more than 2 days of normal usage from this device.The jelly bean operating system is by far the greatest OS I've ever used and Google Now kicks apple's siri to the back burner. With phones like this one, the Samsung Galaxy S3, and the Samsung Galaxy Note 2...the iPhone is going to be relegated to last place among the top tier smartphone world.

I loved this phone at first but after a few months of ownership, the honeymoon was over.  This phone hangs, frequently loses 4G, requires cycling airplane mode on & off to reinitialize 4G, often requires a daily shutdown and reboot (a 5 minute ordeal).The hone comes with a plethora of unwanted apps which cannot be deleted.  The list goes on and on.Oh, the one star is for the incredible battery.  In my 9 months of ownership, it's rare that I have to charge this phone more than once a day.

This is my second smartphone.  I've had an HTC Thunderbolt for the past two years which I've liked a lot despite its minor annoyances.  I've used my Razr Maxx HD for a month now, and I didn't realize how annoying my Thunderbolt was until I started using this phone.Physical Design:The phone looks a little lackluster in the pictures, but seeing it and holding it in person gives a better indication of its quality.  It doesn't have quite the polished jewel appearance of an iPhone, but it has a solid and rugged feel to it.  It seems industrial and masculine.  The backing looks and feels rubberized and easy to grip, the sides look rugged, the gorilla class is nicely shaped into the phone and almost seems somewhat fingerprint resistant.  It looks simple an elegant.  I LOVE the buttons on this phone.  The thunderbolt buttons were smooth and mushy, but this phone has definitive presses, and the power button is rough with ridges (so you know it's the power button and not the volume button), and the volume rocker has sharp points on each end so you know where you're pressing the volume.  They're both nicely positioned on the side of the phone.  The headphone back is nicely positioned, and the charge port has no issues.The rear speaker sounds great and the ear piece is very clear.The screen has good color and sharpness, but it still isn't on par with a Retina display.  It is high definition, but I can notice tiny little black dots between the pixels of color and light, like there are tiny blank gaps (dots) between pixels.  Retina displays are rich and seamless.  It doesn't bother me and it is still a bright, colorful, and sharp display, but it isn't top notch.Battery life on this thing is amazing.  I can use it ALL DAY and intensively as I want, and not run it down (starting at 7:00am and going until midnight).  I can go multiple days without charging it.  I wouldn't skimp and only get the Razr HD.  Battery life is crucial to a smartphone, so even if the Maxx seems like overkill, it's a great feature of this phone to absolutely stop worrying about battery life and use it AS MUCH as you want.  This was the primary reason I chose this phone over the Droid DNA, and I don't regret my choice.Software:I love the necked Android appearance of this phone.  Aside from the occasional slow down when opening/closing apps, it performs very well.  Page scrolling is responsive and HD video plays with no problems.  I like how I can create only as many home screens as I want (I only have two, and have apps to category folders).  So I don't feel obligated to fill up all 5-7 homescreens with junk, or have big empty voids.  I used to have a home screen immediately to the left with only settings widgets on my Thunderbolt, so the Maxx's far left configuration screen makes me feel right at home - I think it's a great design.Voice recognition works surprisingly well when using voice commands or doing searches.  Keyboard is pretty typical of Android - no issues to speak of.  All of the text message and contacts navigation works well and is easy to search and organize.  I haven't gotten used to the Chrome internet browser, and so far, I still miss the browser on my Thunderbolt.The camera is decent.  It has good features (panoramic, rapid shot).  The picture quality isn't on par with the iphone, but it isn't bad (the Thunderbolt camera WAS bad).I'm not happy about Verizon's new plans.  Unlimited talk and text is pointless to me, and 1GB of data feels limiting, especially since I now have a phone that isn't limited by battery life (you never win).  I went with Verizon only because I wanted THIS specific phone, and I can kinda make the plan work.  But I almost opted out.  I feel like I'm paying a hefty premium to have this phone on Verizon's plan, but so far, it has been worth the compromise...  1GB of data for $90/mo annoys me though.

I ordered this phone a couple of days ago and, like shortchaz, I felt cheated when the order details said delivery could be expected on December 5. However, I just got the email saying the phone has shipped and should arrive by October 26.Not sure why the projected ship date was so far out, but in my case, it was less than a week  from order to arrival.So don't be afraid to order it based on the previous review.

upgraded my phone from a droid x to the razr maxx hd, and had this for a week and love it.  the battery is awsome, went about 38 hrs since a charge and that includes 4-5 hrs on pandora alone, plus facebook and tweeter. my droid x would be done in about 3hrs on pandora by itself.  everything is nice and cleanm, the os is fast and smooth. the camera was not as good as the droid x but will do fine when out with friends and want to take a few snaps.  if you want pro photography then go and buy a digital slr camera. (for those that r complaining)

I've been a Droid user for a few years, and I just upgraded from the Droid X2.Any time I decide to buy a piece of technology, I review it over the course of a few months so I know I'm getting my money's worth.  I was bent on getting Galaxy S3 for quite some time until a friend told me about this phone, and I ended up changing my mind within the hour.When it comes to buying a phone, it all depends on the individual.  Some people, like me, are very much into the Droid UI.  Other people are ok with switching from the Droid to Samsung UI.  I'd suggest going into a cell phone store and playing around with the phones, or see if your friends have it and will allow you to try it out.  There's also a lot of videos on Youtube that go over each phone and compare them to others.It's almost like buying a car.  Everyone can give you suggestions on what you should buy, but it comes down to YOUR personal preferences.I love how everything looks on this screen, the call quality is clear, and the speakerphone is nice and loud.  Because I'm a Droid user, figuring out the phone wasn't all that difficult.  There are some differences that I had to get used to with how the UI is put together, but those are minor things.When it comes down to the Razr and the S3, if you're really on the fence, think about this:  For the most part, they're practically the same with one major difference:  The battery that so far (for me) has taken 38 hours to hit 14% from a full charge with normal use, and this includes playing a lot of Star Wars Angry Birds.  The first time you use it, a lot of your battery will be eaten away from re-downloading all of your apps, setting up your accounts, and getting the Jelly Bean update.  Once you get used to the phone and figure out what settings you want in Smart Actions (&lt;--GENIUS), you don't really have to think about switching things on and off to conserve battery.  One of the Youtube comparison videos I found talked about the price difference between the S3 and the Razr, and that the price of the Razr was steeper.  This is true, but like I just mentioned, you get a great battery and it comes with 32g of on board storage.  They do have a 32g version of the S3 that is a little cheaper, but you still don't get the amazing battery.I have ringtones that I wanted to transfer to my Razr from my old phone, and I found it was a little different than what I thought it would be.  When I hooked up my Razr to my computer, I had to set it to "Camera PTP" because mass/media storage didn't pull up the phone's folders on my computer.  From there, I dropped my ringtones into my ringtone Zedge folder, and the notification sounds into the notification Zedge folder, and everything worked from there.  If you do it this way, those ringtones will show up in the Android system list since you didn't download them directly from Zedge.  I would recommend you save your ringtones if you want to keep them, as I found half of mine didn't show up in a Zedge search.  There is a ringtone folder, but I've yet to try dumping files into that to see if they work as ringtones.When it comes to old Zedge wallpapers, I wouldn't worry about saving them I were you.  I transferred my S.H.I.E.L.D. logo I had from my X2 (downloaded through Zedge), since I couldn't find it on my Razr through the Zedge search.  I ended up changing it because the photo wasn't high resolution and it looked bad as a wallpaper.The phone physically is a beautiful thing to behold.  It is a bit of a put off for some people that you can't remove the battery, because we're all used to having to take the battery out to reset the phone.  If you need to reset the phone for any reason, hold the power and volume down button at the same time.I downloaded this widget so I can see the battery percentage on my home screen.  It also tells the battery temperature and you how long you've been going since your last charge: [...]I also just got this for my car: [...]The slight downside is where the usb port lands, but you can move the phone a little to access it if you need to charge it while you're traveling.  Otherwise, it's very solid.  I'm not a fan of the vent mount because of the weight of the phone and the awkward angle it sits at.  The windshield mount works great.One last note about Smart Actions:  I have it set to go into "work mode" when my phone's GPS senses that I'm at my place of employment.  I'm an audio visual technician and I set my work profile wallpaper to a picture of headphones.  After I got in this morning, I went to go check something and BOOM, it was already in work mode.  It's pretty B.A. if you ask me.

Motorola did a terrific job with the Droid Maxx razor HD.  Solid construction of resilient materials.  Specs are comparable to the other popular phones.  here are the two things that distinguish this phone from the rest: battery life (2 days, single charge, heavy usage over WiFi) and $99 sale!!! That is a great $$$ for a unit w 32 GB internal memory.  Again, double+ battery life of iPhone and SIII on single charge!The only reason I dont give it 5 stars is the preloaded google bloat-ware, in particular Google Music taking over for the motorola music player.  Google Music wants to sell me downloadable or streaming music.  I am not interested.  When you select shuffle all songs they are treated as individual songs in alpha order, no regard for album.  If you are driving along and you hear a Us and Them from Dark Side of the Moon and you want to hear it flow into Any Colour You Like you are out of luck.  The motorola music player sorted all songs by album so in the same situation you simple turn shuffle off and the songs are in album order enabling you to hear the next song from the same album.  I know I'm picky but that is what separates the 4 stars from the 5 stars.UPDATE:  I installed Player Pro audio player to use instead of the google music app and now I can honestly say this phone is perfect!!!  The battery life is over 2 days for my usage on a single charge.  The processor is very fast.  The screen is amazingly vibrant and high def.  The gorilla glass and kevlar are excellent choices.  A++ to Motorola on this one!!!

This is not a review on the actual phone but on the service I received from Amazon Wireless.First, let me tell you, I budget for the amount of money I spend on Amazon.com. I am a huge fan of Amazon's selection of items as well as the customer service. Amazon Wireless... not so much. I will never buy from Amazon Wireless again and will highly recommend people to consider my experience if they so choose too.A few weeks ago, my ancient Galaxy S completely crapped on me and I was not able to get any service at all. No worries though, I was within my "new every two" with Verizon and decided to do a little phone shopping. I came across Amazon Wireless and found the new Droid Razr Maxx HD was much cheaper through them. It was only $99 compared to Verizon's price of $299. Plus it had two day shipping for free! Yay!I ordered my phone on Feb 14 and the expected delivery was Feb 19, 2013 (it was over a weekend and a holiday). No big deal, I can go without a phone for 5 days. I anticipated my phone to have already arrived by the 20th but it had not. I checked online and the currier company called Lasership listed it as being dropped off at my front door on the 18th, which was Presidents Day. I checked the bushes, the neighbors, even checked the entire block. No sign of it anywhere. Just some gee whiz info-I get a package sent to my home about every other day, and have NEVER had any issues with theft or shipping so this was a new experience. Actually I had order some new Droid phone stuff via Amazon and all of those packages arrived on time and right at my front door!I called Amazon Wireless to get some answers. I don't call them often but when I do, they are usually very receptive and super awesome! But this time, not so much! My customer service representative tells me there is nothing she can do but send me directions on how to file a police report and how to submit my claim through Amazon. She said it was a "simple process". I asked to speak with the manager. The manager told me the same thing and even offered other solutions like going to buy a pre-paid cellular device in the interim. She said it generally takes 3-4 business days after I fax in my completed police report for Amazon to process the replacement or issue a refund. If a replacement was chosen, it would be sent to me via overnight shipment. If cellular phones, that are linked to my personal Verizon contract, are such a valuable commodity that I would need to file a police report for a MIA (Missing In Action) package, then why wouldn't the company or Amazon allow me to opt for confirmation delivery? She said she would take my suggestion and pass it forward. Great. So I call Verizon. Maybe I can just go ahead and get a phone for the $299 deal and wait for the refund. Unfortunately, Verizon shows my "new every two" to be expired because I've already purchased a phone and if I wanted to purchase a new device, it would cost me $699. Just Awesome.So on the 20th, I went online and filed a police report through my local police department. On the evening of the 21st, I receive an email from the police department stating I would need to pick up my report in person across town or I could mail a $10 check and once it cleared, they would snail mail me my report. Considering this is day 8 of no handheld, portable technology of any kind, I opted to go pick it up on the 22nd. Since the office hours of my police department are during my normal work day, I had to take 3 hours of annual vacation time. I make over $50/hour after taxes, so let's just estimate that to be a $150 loss. I live in the DC area so during rush hour traffic, 3 hours of leeway is very reasonable. Total mileage from my work, to the police department, to my home was 48 miles. Right now, gas is $4.11/Gal so let's average that to $12. Plus, anywhere in DC means parking is a paid amenity so there was an additional $4 parking fee. Then once I waited the 1 hour wait for a copy of my police report, they charged me $10 for it. Since Amazon will not take my police report via electronic copy (they request faxes only, SERIOUSLY???) AND since there is not a toll free 1-800 fax number, I had to pay $8 for the fax at a local package shop. So what's the magic number here?? $283 spent on a mistake Amazon and its currier made plus the price of the phone.  Honestly, for the $16 difference, I would have gladly picked up my phone from the Verizon store itself and had the luxury of making a phone call immediately!Now my part is done and it's all in Amazon's hands. I'm going on day 9 (and its Friday, go figure!!) without a cellular device. Best case scenario is I get my phone next Thursday, or Amazon will wait to process my request later next week and I'll have to wait another 7 days for a phone.All in all, if I could give this whole experience a negative in stars, I WOULD!!!

I've had my new Droid Razr Maxx HD for 4 days now and I can tell you with all honesty I LOVE THIS PHONE! The quality of both hardware and software are amazing and the features are beyond all of my expectations. I have already set up several Smart Actions including turning on WiFi, connecting to my home network and disabling mobile data while at home. Since I work out of my home this should save me considerable data usage and it does this automatically using the GPS feature to know when I'm home.I feel good knowing I bought a phone produced by an American company supporting American jobs. Yes, I know these are built in China, but both the software and hardware are designed here in America. I say show your patriotism by buying products from an American company as opposed to a Korean company (Samsung). I have been to South Korea many times and have seen how Koreans DO NOT BUY ANYTHING AMERICAN! I have spent months stuck in horrendous traffic criss-crossing Seoul and have never once seen an American, European or Japanese car or cell phone. Koreans only buy Korean products. Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against Koreans, they are fine people. Having said that, I will say that I tend not to buy Korean products because I have seen first hand how they do not buy American products.If you are an American, buy the Motorola phone and DO YOUR PART to lower our trade deficit and reduce unemployment. Think twice before buying that GS3, Hyundai or Kia car, LG appliance, TV, etc. because I guarantee you THEY ARE NOT BUYING OUR STUFF. Thanks for reading my $0.02 (ok, $0.03) worth.

I've had the Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD for two days now. I've talked on the phone while using the navigation software that was loaded and even surfed the net.  The phone ran all three features for more than three straight hours...and used up less than 20% of the battery.  I plugged it in when I got home and it was back up to 100% in less than 15 minutes.  And, the downloads scream with 4G.  I'll take something big to beat this phone!!!

Still getting familiar with it.  Occasionally locks up, but pressing simultaneously on the Power and Volume buttons for several seconds fixes that.  Able to quickly get GPS location when not connected to cell network.  Big disadvantage so far is inability to store maps on external SD card.

The Motorola Razr Maxx HD is by far the best phone that I've ever owned! I've had the Samsung Galaxy 2 (cheap junk and a huge disappointment!) and the Apple iPhone5 (decent phone, but much too Apple proprietary), but the Razr Maxx HD blows them both away in functionality, design and especially battery life! I'm a 51 year old real estate broker and needed a phone that's a tool, not just a toy. After being disappointed with other phones, I did some extensive research, then decided to go with the Razr Maxx HD. It works extremely well with my business applications and I'm not tied to a phone charger all day. It may be a slight bit larger than other phones, but I'm fine with it. I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone! P.S. I don't usually submit reviews, but was so happy with this phone that I felt an obligation to share with others. Go for it...you won't be dissapointed!

i charged this phone completely and it just turned itself off. then i read online reviews about what others had done and they said to push the power and volume down buttons for a long time to turn it back on. it does this nonsense once a day and i've had it almost a month. totally unreliable phone we're going to return it now.

Am enjoying all the features on this smart phone.  Has a long battery life.  Happy with Verizon 4G.  Still learning all I can do with this phone. Have only had the phone for a couple of weeks but pleased so far.

This has been a great phone for me.  The battery life was my number one objective and it does not disappoint!  The hardware specs are a little below the other new models, and if that is what you are looking for I would go with the Galaxy S 4.  For me, this is a great phone.

This phone does not work in India on GSM . Wasted my money buying a full priced locked device. Warning for anyone trying to use this phone for GSM .

I upgraded from the Motorola Droid X and do not regret buying this phone at all!  I think this phone does not get enough attention simply due to the fact that the smart phone market is currently dominated by Apple and Samsung.Pros:Battery Life - I get 2 full days with heavy usage on this phone.  Can't say enough about the battery life!  Some may not like the fact you cannot remove the battery, but there is a hard reset feature of power + down volume.Design - I love the rugged yet sleek design of this phone.  Aesthetically pleasing and feels solid in your hand.  Kevlar backing and gorilla glass keep it strong also.Screen Size - 4.7" is the sweet spot in my opinion. Anything smaller is too small and the Note at over 5" is too large.  Nice sharp HD display also.Performace - phone is fast enough to keep up with multiple tasks.  Android 4.1 Jelly Bean operating system is great.  No issues.Speaker - I can't compare it to all other phones, but the speaker is MUCH louder and clearer than on my Droid X.Cons:Accessories - not a lot of accessories compared to Apple and Samsung products.  They do have quite a few covers and a nice car mount.  I would like to see a docking station though.Camera - I've read a lot of reviews saying the camera sucks.  To be honest I can't tell the difference, but I'm no camera expert.If you are interested in a smart phone with phenomenal battery life, great performance, and nice design buy this phone.  If you want to be like everyone else then go buy an iPhone or Galaxy SIII.

The battery life sold me on this purchase and it's been great.  Only heavy use of games will drain it in a day.  You can go 2 days without charging if you are a light user.I went from an Incredible to this, so the bigger screen is great.  Anything bigger and it wouldn't have fit in my pocket.All of the phone memory is available for apps, which was a huge problem in older phones where app memory was smaller.Going to Jelly Bean was a great upgrade, too.  I didn't realize all of the cool things I had been missing out on.

First, a word about Verizon.  It's easy to reach customer service and they are all located in the US.Overall, it's a great phone.  It works as advertised.  It's quite fast and the Verizon network is awesome.  I had a Samsung Epic 3G on Sprint.  Lots of dropped calls and dead zones and nearly 100% of the time GPS lost its signal.  My two-month old Droid Razr Maxx HD lost the GPS signal only once.  I've had 1 or 2 dropped calls and that could have been the other party's network for all I know.  Great call quality.It has a few quirks, however.  When I try to silence the phone at night and I press the button that allows me to turn off the ringtone, the poor phone is so confused by this move that it shows me all the ringtone choices, so I press OFF again and it again shows me the ringtone menus, so I press OFF again, etc. etc. until I am finally able to turn off the ringtone.  Likewise, on occasion when I try to turn on Bluetooth the phone goes to another screen that allows me to turn on Bluetooth.  Would be nice if just one touch would turn Bluetooth on.This is actually my 2nd phone.  I returned the first one after the screen turned purple four separate times.  The Verizon customer service person told me that that was quite odd - that it sometimes turns all green once in every 1600 phones.  With no questions asked, Verizon gave me a new phone.The battery is amazing.  The camera seems fine, though it's a bit slow to respond once I press the shutter button.  On the other hand, I was able to shoot numerous action pictures of my grandsons in tae kwon do in rapid succession.I love the circle widgets on the home screen.Big problem: my phone came with Ice Cream Sandwich which allowed me to select contacts for speed dial.  When the software got "upgraded?" to Jelly Bean the Motorola engineers forgot to allow for speed dial.  I depend on speed dial, especially when I drive.Overall, I'm happy with the phone and very happy with Verizon, though I miss speed dial.

I bought this phone from Amazon.Wireless and I am happy with the service and i am super happy with the phone. Specially the hardware on this phone is amazing.BUT:IN DESCRIPTION AMAZON STATED THIS PHONE IS COMPATIBLE WITH "GOOGLE WALLET" THERE IS NO SUCH THING. THIS PHONE IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH SUCH SERVICE AND I DID USE THIS SERVICE ACTIVELY ON MY GALAXY NEXUS S- SO I GUESS IM NOT 100% SATISFIED......AMAZON PLEASE FIX THE ISSUE.....

Very nice phone, but you have to be careful of the apps that you download.  I ate through my data very quickly and had to find out how I had done this.  The phone shows you exactly what apps ate what data.  After adjustments (and deletions), I have it under control.  I use the phone as my GPS, and the docking stations works great.

I couldn't have asked for a better phone. The display is great, functionality is awesome, service is good. Basically tops any other phone that I have seen to date. I would highly recommend it.

My boyfriend, an AT&T; customer, purchased this phone for me as a gift thinking it was the newer Droid MAXX (with Motorola voice commands similar to Moto X). I was afraid that because the phone was a bit older, it would not live up to my expectations. I found out however, that I was wrong.I am a heavy phone user as I have the grandfathered data plan of $29.99 for unlimited data. The perks of keeping the data plan is of course, the ability to not be capped at 2 gigs, etc. The downside however, is that you have to purchase the phone outright- full retail price. My logic is that this is okay, as long as I get the most out of the pricey data plan from Verizon.The phone was purchased for almost $300 and after purchasing it, We realized that it was the wrong &#34;Droid MAXX&#34; (not sure why Verizon wants to confuse customers with this). I did not want to hurt my BF's feelings by telling to return it and decided to give it a whirl.Although the display is not full 1080p, I have come to understand the reasoning behind this. Having the 1080p display tends to drain the battery. So Motorola must have decided to keep the display on this phone at 720p to  help save some juice.I use the phone ALL THE TIME, from listening to Slacker for about 5 hours, to watching Youtube hours on end, to browsing the NET. With this phone, at the end of the day I had around 25% battery left. I average about 5 GIG/month, so you can imaging how often I use my phone. This doesn't even include GPS.The only thing I do not like about the phone is the bulkiness. I have learned to get over this, as this phone came out around 2012, so this should come as no suprise. The speakers are good, and so is Motorola's UI.I just upgraded my OS to KitKat today and seem to like it so far. It seems to run smoother and much faster after the update. I am disappointed that I still have to press the mic icon for Google Now to use the voice activation. (which is my main reason for buying plus battery life on the Droid MAXX) I figured that this would be updated after the phone is upgraded to KITKAT&#62; My BF currently has the S4 and can just say &#34;Okay Google&#34; hands free.Overall, I am fairly satisfied with this product, despite it being the wrong one I initially wanted. If you want a phone that will last you a whole day (and then some) without charging, not really into the grandest display, or the most newest tech out there, then I totally recommend this phone!

I have owned this phone for less than 4 months.  For the second time, the phone rings but neither party can hear .The same happens if I initiate the call .  The forst tome this happened I took it to a Verizon store and was told they had to use compressed air to clear the microphone .  The phone did work for 2 weeks.  Now it doesn't work again.  Very frustrating.  Neither of my daughters have trouble with their Samsung Galaxy or their IPhone. Wish I had never bought this phone.

I do not get more than a day of battery use..I don't use the phone throughout the day because of my Job...can anyone help me?

I have owned motorola phones since my first analog star tac. I have been a verizon customer for close to 15 years. I am beyond frustrated with this phone. It will not stay connected to my blue tooth in my car. My car is a 2012 and my old phone also a motorola had no problem. I have had to turn off wifi and then other features and I still hvae to manully start the thing with the hope it may connect. 2 time out of 5 it does. The verizon rep actually had the balls to try and sell more equipment to"boost" the signal.My other complaint has nothing to do with verizon. NO MORE SHORT CUT KEYS. You must create a "profile short cut the size of your thumbnail. good luck dialing while driving.I could go on but I'm just getting angrier. I paid a lot of money and now I'm going to fight to get another phone. do not buy this phone. YOu will regret it.Sadly reconsider Verizon.

This review is written from the perspective of a long-time Apple owner.  I took the leap to Verizon and Droid, because I was sick of Apple's fiefdom of control and iTunes.  This is an amazing phone with a lot of bugs and frustration.The good:-4g blazing speed and verizon's network and tethering and hotspots-  NO iTUNES.  You can drag and drop files and download free MP3's.  what a blessing!-hardware/ battery:  Great high def screen, good speed.  Light and thin, even with the big battery.  The battery is not quite as good as advertised, but certainly better than the iphones by far.- customization:  you can much more easily customize all sorts of things.  You can set it to turn off battery-draining features when you are at certain locations, during certain times of day, etc.  You can use whatever broswer you like as default, etc.- available apps Apple would never allow-  Avast! antivirus, google maps, mp3 downloading, etc.The bad:- the camera is nowhere as good as the iphone 4 camera, let alone a match for the newer phones.-The email app does not integrate well with yahoo mail.  Yes, it's their hated competitor, but still.  My yahoo mail no longer goes through work's wifi, even though my apple phone accessed yahoo just fine with the same settings.-Apps that worked flawlessly on iphone are buggy and unusable on this droid.  The tetris app crashes constantly.  Droid no longer supports flash.  Yes really.  All that fight over flash and now they don't support it anyway.-Google/ Bloatware-  you cannot uninstall google plus.  Why?  The phone has a gig of RAM but it's burned up by all kinds of bloatware.  The iphone was great about killing apps.  The SGIII has 2GB of RAM and that would be welcome.-audio quality of headphone jack, especially with 3d sound effects turned on, has audible hiss and is disappointing.Ugly:-GPS doesn't work!  I constantly have to reset the phone to get satellite GPS and verizon cell tower GPS to work in the apps.  The ONLY thing that solved it was to enable google's prying "google location services".  Why does Google need to know my location?  (Navigator does work well, assuming the phone GPS is actually working...)-Screen has turned bright purple during phone conversations.  I hope it's just an isolated incident, but it's a known problem with these phones.All in all-  if I can sort out my GPS issues, get my yahoo mail to work properly, and my screen does not turn purple, then this phone deserves 5 stars.  Until then I have to say I'm disappointed.

This phone is a high-quality device with extraordinary battery life. I charged it to ~95% last night and by the end of the day today it was down to only 85% with moderate usage on wifi. There's a few too many Verizon applications on it that I'll never use (Titanium Backup & Autostarts got rid of them though), but it's a great value for a well-designed and stylish Android device with a nearly-stock interface. The few Motorola addon applications like Quick View and Smart Actions actually complement the phone quite well, and most of the other applications are completely stock AOSP programs. The phone's larger than I'm used to and it's a little difficult to use one-handed, but it's very-nearly perfect otherwise. The width of the phone is the main issue, in that it could be slightly smaller to accommodate the screen without the side bezel, however the depth is extremely minimal considering the size of the onboard battery.The camera's not perfect, but I have really low standards for phone cameras (I can always bring a proper camera when I need it) so I don't mind at all. It's a definite improvement over the camera in my previous phone so that works for me. Call quality is more than adequate, and data/wifi handoffs are fast and seamless compared to my old Gingerbread phone. I ended up switching over to Apex launcher from the stock interface since I wanted a customizable app drawer, although the default Homescreen is actually good enough that you really don't need to switch at all for general use. The Kevlar backing on the phone, edge to edge glass, and the metal banding on the sides all come together to make the MAXX HD a gorgeous device, and I'm wary of actually putting a case on it as I really like the way it looks.

About a week after I bought it (July 2013), Verizon said they &#34;retired&#34; the phone.  Love the phone and wish it had been available for a friend.

The phone has a nice build quality, nice feel, is reliable, has a nice screen, and AMAZING battery life. It really was a life saver on a long trip back home with a lot of airport weather delays. It kept me going as a hot spot and lots of surfing. I had unplugged at 8am and got home at 4am the next morning, when it was about 10% battery. My other smartphone had died by 6:30pm!  It is sometimes a bit sluggish in response/flipping between things. That is the only complaint. I like the time, weather, and battery life widget that is loaded by default. Sharp looking and has all the info I need. The price on Amazon was totally worth it vs. going to the Verizon store. It was very easy to set up since I already have a Gmail account.

My last phone was a DroidX - LOVED IT!  Decided to get a new Razr Maxx HD.  Would love to love the phone but the Jelly Bean 4.1 OS makes it an unusable tool for me.  While the phone function of the unit is fine, USB Mass Storage access has been removed in the newest Jelly Bean OS version 4.1  Access to the use of the phone as an external hard drive is now unavailable as the software doesn't see the 'internal storage' AS A DRIVE, so no Drive Letter is given to it.  Meaning I haven't been able to get access to photo files NOT in the DCIM folder to move them over to my computer.  One is forced to use either use 'Media Device (MTP)' or 'Camera (PTP) to move files across/back & forth from the phone to the computer.  This method is literally UNWORKABLE for me.  You are forced to use one of those two methods-nothing else is available.  If the jpg photo files are not in the DCIM folder, they cannot be accessed and moved.  Lack of USB Mass Storage connection has also screwed up my connection to music access for my stereo in my car and music access in my house.  (Sidenote- Additionally, Jelly Bean 4.1 also no longer supports FLASH.)  Google is closing/canceling excellent past features used by Moto phones/OS's and replacing them with limiting features.  I never had any issues with my DroidX and USB Mass Storage allowing access of any kind of file back and forth; the current lack of drive access is making  a number of work-related issues unusable to me at this point.  It's just a another phone.  Last point, the camera in this phone is substandard to average which is why I use a number of different camera apps; which on the DroidX, made fantastic photos.  Totally disappointed in my Maxx HD.  I spent hours with Verizon service & Motorola customer support - they place the blame on Google and provide no support.  I've yet to find online support through Google for their Jelly Bean 4.1 OS.  Google/Maxx HD was not listed online for JB support anywhere I've searched; I would appreciate comments with info/links to Google Support JB OS 4.1.  I'll keep searching while hoping that Google reinstalls the USB Mass Storage capabilities.  (Google writes the OS for this Motorola product.) Every cell phone I have ever bought has been a Motorola.  When this contract runs out, I'm going to go to an iPhone.  If Google is going to tie up/remove so many features on Motos, I'd rather have just a phone with a excellent camera and workable camera apps.

Bought two of these phones for my wife and sister (two different people, by the way).  We are all on the same Verizon plan and I thought this would be better than my HTC Thunderbolt.  Indeed it's slimmer and the battery life is much better.  It has the updated Android software but my wife constantly complains about it not doing what she wants.  Take that with a grain of salt because she's not a techie and certainly didn't go through the tutorials.  She also came out of the intuitive iPhone 3G S.  I can fumble through the menus so I can't say it's any worse than my Thunderbolt, which I'm used to.The big problem with the Droid Razr Maxx is the reception.  We will be rolling around in the car and I will have four bars and she will have none.  We have the same plan, it doesn't matter if we're on 3G or 4G.  Visits to the Verizon store for resolution go nowhere as they simply don't care. Firmware updates haven't helped this problem.

This smart phone has jaw dropping ability and performance.Being from the bay area, most people in my age group have iPhones. Personally, I have had 2 droids and an HTC windows phone since smart phones started to be the norm. Each phone that I've owned was decent enough relative to it's peers and pretty close to the top technology of the time. This not only blows the old technology away, in an objective world it would dominate all other options. In fact, the more I show apple fanatics, the more I see that hesitation that comes with wondering if your iphone is really the cool thing anymore.The phone is thin, even with the extended battery I think most people would be hard pressed to notice the difference between this and the thinnist smartphones unless they were actively measuring or comparing. In everyday use there isn't a difference in your pocket between 7mm and 9mm.Obviously the battery is the main selling point for the MAXX but it delivers as promised. I easily got 2 full days of moderate to heavy mixed use without a charge, including the standard constant tinkering when you get a new toy, lots of internet, streaming music and video, navigation, bluetooth, and talk time mixed in.HD Display is amazing. When combined with the large screen size it seems less ridiculous to actually watch television, movies, games, or whatever else you like. I can definitely see myself downloading a movie to watch on a long car or plane ride without any loss in visual fidelity. a 4.7inch 720p screen 24 inches from your face is every bit as enjoyable as a 50inch 1080p on the other side of the room.The camera rear facing camera is as good as it seems to be possible to cram into a phone. The software is ok and the picture quality is good enough for most things short of serious hobbyists and professionals. The lack of a physical camera button is annoying for both launching the app and taking pictures but I will get over it.This is more of a general Motorola Droid thing, but Smart Actions is an incredible app. It allows you to set up automatice settings changes based on various triggers. Want your phone to be silent or vibrate only at work? just tell it your work address and when you get there, it switches the volume settings and whatever else you like. Want to turn off the ringer after 10pm? give it a time related setting that expires at 6am and only allows calls from your selected "VIP" phone numbers during that time. Tired of wasting battery connected to 3G/4G when you're using Wifi anyway? set it to disable data connection when you have a wifi connection. The app is built in, very easy to use, and has endless possibilities.There is also the near field communication technology. I have haven't used it yet, but pay by phone, and the NFC transfer (popularized by the samsung galaxy commercials) also appear to be available here.Oh yeah, with the gorilla glass and kevlar, it looks nice too. Update: I officially had my first drop of the phone from just below waist level out in the city. I had a little jolt of panic since I don't have a case on it yet, but I couldn't find a blemish (probably a decent amount of luck involved too).Seriously, unless you are very very concerned with taking near magazine quality pictures, this is your phone.If you're looking for the right vehicle dock it is hereMotorola HD Vehicle Navigation Dock for Motorola DROID RAZR HD/RAZR MAXX HD - Retail PackagingThis poorly rated dock is the one verizon is selling for this phone:Motorola Flip Stand with Smart Desktop Charger - Retail PackagingUpdate 10/30/12:Being that this is a phone--a quick word on the call quality after about a week of use. It is excellent. The incoming voices are clear and others can't really tell I'm on a cell phone.  The bluetooth was easy to set up as well.The one and only downside for me to this point is the lack of accessories. I haven't purchased a phone at launch before so this may be the norm but Otterbox cases, higher quality screen protectors and such aren't really available yet. Although, as far as screen protectors there is no reason you can't use the ones marketed for the "RAZR HD" since the screen has the same footprint.Update 11/26/12:  The Otterbox cases are now available:OtterBox 77-22902 Defender Series Case for Motorola RAZR MAXX HD - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - BlackOtterBox 77-22896 Commuter Series Case for Motorola RAZR MAXX HD - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Blackthese are also available in a red/black and white/grey version.

I purchased the Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD for the purpose of durability, call quality, and of course the battery. I used to own a Galaxy S3 but it felt so flimsy to hold and suddenly the the LCD went black, mine must've been defective but I wanted something new. I then went to the HTC Droid DNA, which in itself is a wonderful device, quad core, 2GB of RAM, and that 1080p screen. It seemed like the Cadillac of all androids, but it lacked serious battery power. On one charge, it lasted me about 12 hours at the most, then it would have to be recharged.After giving it some thought, I decided to give up a powerful processor and a 1080p screen for the Razr Maxx HD. I had some second thoughts, but went for the trade anyways and I do not regret it at all. Although the DNA did have a quad core processor, the Razr Maxx HD did not seem at all significantly slower and did everyday normal tasks with ease. The screen on also is very nice. The naked eye can hardly process a 1080p screen on a phone, so although the screen on the DNA is very nice, you will get very used to it and when transitioning so another phone can hardly tell the difference. You're gonna need to compare the phones side by side in order to tell a real difference. Call quality is also much better on the Razr Maxx HD, with voices sounding much clearer and the person on the other line can hear me with much more clarity. The battery life is SPECTACULAR on this device. I can literally go a whole day with some heavy usage such as game playing, web browsing, 3rd party apps such as Facebook Instagram etc. I am also very pleased with the way the phone was built, with Kevlar backing, gorilla glass, and the metal strip which surrounds the phone, it seems that it is indestructible! The only gripe I would have about this phone is the camera quality. Although it is not as good as the DNA camera or the Galaxy S3 camera, it does take very decent photos and should not be a deciding factor if you want to buy this phone. Since the Jelly Bean update, the phone has become much faster and the camera did get a tad better.Don't have second thoughts if you are deciding about getting this phone, it was one of the best phone decisions I've made. With it's durable quality and battery life, you can't go wrong with this device!

This phone can last two full days without charging.I am an average user, not watching movies on it but conversations with friends via text.The phone feels solid, durable in your hand.

Going on a little over a month. Battery running about 50 hours per charge.  Syncing things on the hour to cut down the chatter. The darker the wallpaper the better.HDMI to he big screen is pretty sweet too. I'm still looking for a nice multimedia dock.

This is a great phone I have no complaints the battery life is amazing and it does multiple tasks very quickly

I had an Iphone 4 before this one and loved it.  When it was time for upgrading I knew I would get the Iphone 5.  But I was so disappointed at the size of the new screen...so I started looking at competitors.  Decided on the Motorola based on past experience with Motorola phones.  I LOVE it!  Got a little discouraged the first week or so adjusting to a new operating system but I got over that quickly.  I love the large bright display, the extended battery life and now I even love Android!

Will not buy another Motorola phone.  It is sluggish, slow to respond, and the stupid Google search app constantly opens when scrolling.  After a software update, I lost the navigation app.  Phone also heats up in my pocket when not used and battery barely lasts a day with average use.

It seems that every review tends to focus on what you get out of the box, and so I won't go into those type of reviews here. My greatest concern is what you will be left with at the end of a two year contract.  I've had smartphones by HTC and Samsung and while my battery life has always been sufficient out of the box sometime between 9-18 months my battery begins to degenerate.  The last six months of the contract leaves me recharging my phone 2-3 times a day.This time I looked at the HTC Droid DNA, the Samsung SIII, and the Motorola Droid Razr Maxx HD.  The reasons I chose the Maxx HD over the other two is the battery life and the storage/SD option.  Sure I can just get through the day on the batteries of the DNA and SIII, but for how long.  As I install newer apps with more pull on the system (which I'm sure will come out in the next two years), I want to know that I still have the battery power it will take to last.As for storage, the 32GB internal memory, 26GD usable will be more than ample for most and you can add a 32GB microSD.  In other words, I will never ever ever have to reshuffle anything on my phone in order to find a way to make everything fit.In short, my desire is that after my phone is purchased I can forget about everything except the joy of the experience for the next two years and maybe even more.  Now that Amazon has the screaming deal that is hundreds less than Verizon's price, there is no reason not to grab this phone.

As a business user, I cannot overstate the elation at not having to worry about battery life.  No, the camera is not the best, but that is far, far behind the advantage of having a crazy long-life batery. The size and build are perfect. Apps perform in a flash.  Screen is great.  You can work this like a rented mule for 2 days before charging it. I look at the gimmicks on the S4, but they are minor compared to the advantage of nat having to worry about your battery conking out.

love everything about this phone,  I have an anroid answering machine which is just the best possible thing.lets  you know you have an incoming call, talks to you you can talk to it, just love this pone....

After years on Sprint, I decided to switch to Verizon due to poor signal strength in my neighborhood. My old phone was a Samsung Epic 4G, a variant of the Galaxy S I. I was going to get a GSIII, but after some waffling at the Verizon store over Thanksgiving, I pulled the trigger on the RAZR MAXX HD on Cyber Monday. After 4 months, here's what I think:PROS:--The battery lasts up to two days of medium use, and it certainly can make it through a full day of the heaviest use you can imagine.--Android 4.1 Jelly Bean was available in December 2012.--Outstanding build quality. Kevlar back and metal sides make this phone feel indestructible.--Nice screen, AMOLED technology as seen in the Galaxy S family.CONS:--Camera is just OK--On-screen buttons waste space; on Samsung phones the buttons are on the bezel.--Motorola's future under Google? They recently laid off 1200 employees; hopefully that doesn't impact software updates for Moto's phones.Update (8/8/2013): Price has dropped to $99. Android is now up to version 4.3, but the RAZR MAXX HD is still stuck on 4.1.2. Still not a bad purchase, but if you're willing to pay the price for Verizon then you should get the best stuff. Galaxy S4, the new Moto X, or one of the new Droids are looking really good.

If I'm on the internet a LOT, I can still easily get a whole day out of this.  Normal everyday use, I can generally get 2 days out of it, sometimes 3.Phone is fast, works well, good reception, very happy with this phone.

This is an awesome well rounded phone.  It is sturdy like a tank and able to handle water.  There is even a video of the phone on Youtube going into a bathtub and surviving.  My son also has one and my German Shepards chewed on it one day when he lost it in our yard.  They couldn't destroy it.  These dogs (actually still puppies) have manage to destroy just about everything else in our yard including the sprinkler system :-(  We returned my son's phone anyways due to the scratches for a new one without any problems using the extended warranty we purchased on the phone.  The phone looks and feels great.  It has a very masculine serious look to it like it means business on all levels (THIS IS SPARTA!!!).  The screen is sharp and responsive.  The camera, although not up to par with the Samsung Galaxy or Iphones, is good enough to take adequate pictures.  The battery is ridiculous.  I haven't been able to kill it in one day.  My wife owns the regular Razr Maxx with an even longer battery life.  She forgets to charge it for days and it still retains some charge.  My only gripe with the phone is that it has died on me twice since I purchased it when it came out in late 2012.  This hasn't happened with the regular Razr Maxx that my wife and one of the children own.  The first time might have been my fault since it was involved in an accident at the gym.  However, the second time the phone just froze and became very hot.  Then it wouldn't charge and became completely unresponsive.  The service advisors at Verizon suggested that it wasn't the phone's fault.  There have been a number of updates on the different apps and on the operating system.  It appears that in an attempt rush the updates they may have become sloppy in checking the compatibility with this phone. I was very fortunate to have purchased an extended warranty from Verizon (premium warranty:  they give me a brand new phone, not a refurbished model).  The phone also comes with a one year warranty that Verizon has also honored without any problems the second time the phone broke. I would buy this phone again over the Galaxy 4 and the iphone.  However, I would purchase extended warranty.

I bought a pair of these for myself and my wife.  She was switching from an old iPhone 3Gs, me from a Moto Atrix.  Neither have worked very well.  I've had to restart them both as they lose all data until a restart.  We cannot use Google Talk or Skype for video chat because it either crashes or gives error messages.  Battery life is 14 hours more or less, which is good but not some holy grail.  Sometimes I receive a call and can hear nothing.  Same for making a call: hear nothing.  GPS loses signal.

I absolutely love this phone! I have had it for over a month now and have no complaints what so ever!

I've only had the RAZR maxx HD for two days, so keep that in mind, but so far I love it. I'm on 16.5 hours unplugged from charger (12 of which was on 4G) and I still have 75% battery life! This phone doesn't pack the kind of technological breakthroughs in software like the S4 is about to have....but make no mistake about it, this still has a fast processor, cool features, VERY sleek design, and unparalleled battery life. Love it. After all, what good is any smartphone with a dead battery...?Would give it five stars if the camera was a tad better...but it's still good with more editing features than I thought would be on here. If 4.5 stars was an option, I would pick that. The camera isn't poor enough to lower one full star, but considering the S4 is about to come out with new software technology...had to give it a 4/5. Again, best battery of any smartphone out there, very sleek, sexy, and thin design....but not cheaply made (durable and metal trimmed)... Sprinkled with cool features, and fast processor make this a must have.Very pleased with it!

This phone is one of the best ones I've ever had! I took a long time to research every phone for the last 6 months, as my old Motorola Atrix 4G was becoming a bit long in the tooth, and finally settled on this one. It is a darling phone. Snappy, and feels good all the way around. That battery is amazing. Frankly, the more I look around, I could not see why anybody would want anything else, if you want a phone you can actually use. I usually draw down less than half the battery in a day. The apple kingdom does not appeal to me, although I've become a happy iPad user, so an iPhone 5 was out, and the Samsung phones looked and felt cheap, and did not offer anything over this one, although the Note 2 might have been an option before an iPad popped up in my life. I've seen too many Samsung phones with broken glass in my travels.

I had been told that the battery on this phone is very good, and it is true -- it hasn't failed me yet.  This smart phone works beautifully with little learning curve. The call sound is clear, and it is easy to make calls. There is a nice circle right on the home screen that alerts you that you have a voice mail message. There are only 2 buttons -- on/off and volume.  Contacts synched quickly and accurately from Verizon Backup Assistant.  My only problem has been in syncing a calendar (Microsoft Outlook).  So far, I can't do it and have been told just to use the Google calendar from now on. One day, perhaps, my Microsoft PC, Apple iPad, and Motorola Droid will all work together seamlessly...

This is my first smartphone after a series of clamshells, but even as I adjusted, I could tell I picked wisely. Seriously, this phone is amazing. Here's what I like the most:1) Battery life. This was my number one priority, since it's the one area where a clamshell holds a trump card. And lemme tell ya, this phone lasts all day and all night--and well into the next evening it will still have have about half a battery. This is with moderate usage--some web surfing, email checking, maps use, calls and texts.2) Call quality has been excellent, and that was the other reason I was hesitant to make the switch. Not only does this phone have low-static calls even in poor reception, but it also can outlast even a several hour phone conversation with plenty of battery to spare.3) The camera. Yeah, I said it. I mean, it is a PHONE, not a high end camera, but for that, it does quite well--far better than my last point-and-shoot, which I scrapped.4) Fast browsing. Sometimes I like to imagine the smartphone early adopters of the mid-2000's waiting hours for a new screen to load, like the cavemen of the early nineties waiting twenty minutes to load one low-res JPEG. This phone compares favorably with FiOS (I have it running Jelly Bean, btw).5) Google integration. This wasn't really something I decided in advance, but I love that Chrome's smart browsing means I get to type "N" and the phone correctly guesses I'm looking to check train times on the NJTransit website. And the maps, of course.6) The super durable, very attractive Teflon backing it comes with. I might buy a case, but honestly, I worry a case would look cheap in comparison to the naked backing.7) The touchscreen is just sensitive enough, and the keyboard is very user friendly.My dad got the IPhone 5 at the same time, so I've been able to do a little comparing. I do think his phone takes better pictures, and I envy that it didn't come with Verizon bloatware. It was also easier for him to use out of the box, which is certainly a valid consideration. But when I think about it, there is no way I would have loved his phone the same way I do this one.Bottom line: if you want a phone that will endure with you for the long haul, I'd recommend this phone highly.

This is a great upgrade to my previous droid 3g.  It is a very fast 4g, with a longer battery life.  It is a great phone and the price was awesome.  Super instructions on the &#34;how to process&#34;.  Fast delivery.

About 2 months after purchasing a Droid 3, the reviews went into the tank - Verizon discontinued the phone - and Motorola came out with the Droid 4. Needless to say, I was very reluctant to purchase another Motorola product - even though it was my first, and favorite cell phone manufacturer.After reading the reviews for the DROID RAZR MAXX HD, one of the first things I did when I got it was to run the Android OS updates. I've got the latest Android 4.1.1 and the phone is absolutely amazing!Both my sisters and a couple of my co-workers have iPhones and I'm pretty sure they are embarrassed by my MOTO RAZR MAXX HD.The quality and user-friendliness of iPhones have made them legendary. But MOTO products are serious competition and I'm hoping that since GOOGLE has taken them over, they will only get better.I really wanted to give the phone a 5 star EXCELLENT but I can't convince myself that there's anything perfect in this world. However, the MOTO DROID RAZR MAXX HD comes pretty dog-gone close. Buy it - run the updates - and tell it to do whatever you want it to do - and it will do it impressively well. ENJOY!!

I already loved the Motorola Razr but in the 16GB version, battery life was a problem for me. I USE my phone A LOT Every Day and I still can't run the battery to zero in a 12 hour day and if I use it less, I get 16 - 20 hours.  Phenominal...

I couldn't be happier with my phone or the whole Amazon.com experience! It was so easy and the site walked me through each step of the process. I will definitely be getting my next phone through Amazon. Thank you so much.

Great phone runs everything super-fast and pretty only problem is that the only place I can charge it is VIA usb plugged into my PC, it will not charge on a wall plug, I have tried a dozen different cables from different manufactures even the one out of the box with the brand new phone and it will not charge on the wall plug but will charge just fine if I take that same cable and plug it into my PC.

I would love to be able to upgrade my baseline Droid RAZR to the new MAXX HD without paying $700.00 for it.  I bought my RAZR 10 months ago during Verizon's Mothers Day Sale and thought I was getting a deal.  I asked the salesman about the MAXX and he said it had a little more battery life but everything else was the same (basically paying $100.00 more for a little more battery life).  I didn't find out the MAXX battery was a lot longer than the baseline RAZR (and a lot more than the little more life the salesman quoted) and now neither are nothing compared to the MAXX HD at 32 hours!It's a joke to call the baseline RAZR wireless because I can't leave home without a car charger and a spare charger at work and one to carry with me just in case I have to use the phone for an extended amount of time of more than an hour then it becomes a paperweight.  It's like I'm carrying around a miniature Princess Phone (google or wiki princess phone for more info) instead of a cellphone most of the time.I do like this phone but the battery life almost makes it a liability since I can't depend on it for more than a few hours on standby and less than an hour when in use; I got almost a week on standby with my other phones including the first RAZRs and I still use my GSM RAZR when I'm overseas with no problem.Besides the battery life issue the only other problems I've had with the RAZR was it would go into auto refresh mode when surfing the net, very soon after I bought the phone it would turn itself off and on and had to do a hard boot to stop and fix, and GPS won't shut off when you're no longer using a mapping service without going into settings and deselecting GPS.  I have no idea how to fix the auto refresh but the off and on was fixed by deleting apps I installed until it stoping the incescent cycle of rebooting.What really grinds my gears is the old RAZR MAXX is now being sold for $49.99 at Verizon for new accounts when it was $199.99 last year when I got my baseline RAZR for $99.99.they would make a lot of people very happy.My 4-star rating for the RAZR MAXX HD would be 5-star if I could replace my baseline RAZR if Verizon and/or Motorola would offer a viable solution like extending my current contract for two more years but would be hesitant to pay more than the going rate for new accounts or lines which is currently $199.99 for the MAXX HD; the $700.00 average of buying the phone outright without a contract is out of the question.

Found picture of someone on the phone (other than the usual promo pictures) and the later found the speaker was blown.  I guess the smiling face of the jerk on the picture was his joke to a consumer.  Emailed Amazon and all they could do is replace it AFTER I returend the phone (leaving me with out a phone for about a week)as I am a businees I can't not have a phone for a week and I explained that and they said We know it is difficult to go without a phone.  Please check out you phone well. Amazon wireless does sell used phones as new whether it is intentional or not you decide.  Also the chatger was defective so I replaced it my self.  I guess Amazon thinks Iam a crook when I expect them to send me a new phone first so I am without service, but this behavior sure stops some from getting a replacement when they should, and that saves the company money, just like selling used phones as new.

I've tried to like this phone - it's a replacement for my Droid X. The interface is a step backwards in some aspects in comparison to the Droid X. It's seems to me that Google must have hired some Windows programmers from MS, processes that were simple take several steps to complete.  Voice recognition appears to be not as good as the Droid X, and it's slower as well.But the real problems started a few days ago. I updated the firmware with the result of the sound level from the phone for voice commands via Bluetooth going from normal to almost zero. Now I can't here the voice commands from the phone when I hit the command activation button on my Moto BT headset without turning the volume to wide open. Problem 2, now the phone has started rebooting/restarting on it's own. It was just laying on my desk and I'm watched it shut down and restart and it's now doing it several times a day now. No crazy apps installed, it's pretty much standard.  Not impressed.
