
Interface is very slow, cameras are way noisy, one of them has battery issues, they feel flimsy and cheap. well, I didnt pay alot for them.UPDATE: Phone buttoms are touch but inside screen, means that you have a 3.8" screen. Phone feels cheap and earpiece will not work with any other phone, or any other earpiece wont work with the blue, its 3.5mm but not a 3.5mm standard. the camera noise is not a joke, its horrible. Also the mini usb for charging is very deep, so if you have another charger you will have to cut a piece of the plug

I like the design of the phone and it does take pretty great pictures. However, when on a call and trying to hang up the screen stays black and won't allow you to press the end button. Regardless of which button on the side you press. Also it closes out of applications in the middle of using them for no apparent reason. It freezes and doesn't have the best set up for text messaging. The battery life is poor and doesn't last very long at all. I wouldn't reccommend the product.

I've had it 2-3 weeks now. The large size takes a little to get used to.  Works fine with an old T-Mobile pay as you go card.  It works in sim2 as sim1 is reserved for 3G.  I haven't  investigated 3G, I have an LTE iPad for internet connections.  Beautiful display with a few limitations in the cons -Cons:Auto bright setting doesn't seem to function correctly.  But once you are familiar with the OS it is easy to change brightness when needed.Battery lasts couple of days without GPS or wifi turned on.  Less than 10hr with both turned on.Can't find a second battery or a case.In all, it's a great phone, with a swype keyboard makes texting a joy. And no monthly payments. :)Edit 2 months later - The battery seems to be lasting much longer the more I charge it.  I stay on wifi and still get more than 2 days service.  Haven't messed with GPS lately.  Still can't find extra battery or case but I love the phone!

I recommend it 100% and works great. no complaints and everyone inbito you to try. thanks for everything. fine fine.

Been using it for a few days now without an extra MicroSD card.  I have been able to install everything I need on the internal ROM and Memory.  It was able to take an install of adobe flash with good results.I have not rooted the phone.Some reported stats from the Phone:Internal Storage (ROM): 1GBBuild in Storage: 1.92GBMemory (RAM): 472MBBattery life seams reasonable but not iPhone like.  The LED Flash makes everything a little blue and there is no way to disable the camera shutter sound.The screen is reported as 800x480 but the Back/Home/Menu buttons are part of the screen and cannot be disabled while in Apps or games so it effectively reduces the usable resolution to about 725x480.It comes with too many pre-installed (Not Uninstallable) Apps and Games.  The low RAM is a bit of a problem and slows down the loading time when exiting large games but has not caused stability issues.I come from an intolerable HTC Salsa (China Version) and a decent used Meizu M9 (battery dies at 60% and GPS stopped working).

This would be a very good phone for the price. However, given that the battery only lasts so little, it's almost totally useless as a mobile phone. I have been looking for battery replacements but haven't been able to find one. Lost the chance to return it because I bought it for travel, and by the time I returned to the US, it wasn't possible to send it back. I'm stuck with it and can't get any use of it.

We live in Canada and needed a second dual SIM phone since we do a lot of world travelling. The Vivo 4.3 was a big mistake.  We bought this from Amazon.com in mid-January 2013Its first minor use was in Syracuse, NY in mid-March.  It has really only been significantly used (or, should we say, attempted use) for a week at the end of June Albany/Schenectady, NY and in the Los Angeles/Hollywood area this past week.  We can hardly understand the callers.  There is poor high frequency response in addition to a general muffled sound.Operationally, the phone hangs up all too frequently.  This problem is location independent.  The most recent example just occurred while trying to update info about a return flight from LAX.  It required TWELVE calls to complete what should have been one simple five minute call.

I am very satisfied with the BLU Vivo so far, the camera is decent and it is a good upgrade over my Samsung Captivate. To run on AT&T's network you need to change the APN just plugging in your sim card wont work but this was simple, youtube was very helpful.

This is a great phone but unfortunately even though it says its unlocked, ATT wont support internet or downloading.  So frustrating.  Had internet for a few days then their system did a sweep of non ATT phones and knocked me  off internet.  When  they say they support unlocked phones, they only support for calling and texting.

There are one or two negative reviews that gave me pause, but I went ahead and took the plunge. I've had this phone for just over a week now. Since I've owned a samsung galaxy tab 7.7 for just under a year, I'm quite familiar with high end android products and the super Amoled screen. Lets take my experience with the CONS other reviewers have mentioned.Voice quality:Not a problem. I'm sure there are phones with better voice quality out there, but I don't believe I've encountered many. If you say something clearly (without shouting), the other person will hear you. fullstop. Thats all I really need to make and receive calls effectively.Slippery surface:Rubbish. The plastic back has a quality feel to it but is by no means shiny or slippery.No cases sold for it:That's definitely a problem for most. I just use one of those belt clipped cases, but I have no protective sleeve or case for the instrument itself.Screen:Colours are gorgeous. But screen resolution is not as good as the high-end Samsung Galaxy SIII or iphone 4s and up.Volume rocker position:it is on the left, right across from the standby/on button. NOt a problem for me. It depends on what one is used to, and how adaptable one is.Battery life:Good. IF you remove the obnoxious live wall paper that it comes with and you put an app killer program on it. Don't forget to adjust the backlighting to either low, or automatic.This phone looks, feels and performs like a proper welll built android device. It serfs the net nicely and dual sim is nice. I'm quite happy.

When phone is in use speaker receiver is too low to hear the caller even when volume rocker is adjusted. Other than that everything is fine.

I like this phone. Been using it in Venezuela from a month now.For phone calls it works with any carrier because of 4-band supponrt. For HDSPA data connections it works only with Movistar and Movilnet carriers in Venezuela. Does not work with Digitel carrier in Venezuela. Read this excelent explanation on the subject [...] This model is d910a, only supports frecuency bands 2100 and 1900Mhz for HDSPA. If you plan to use with Digitel carrier in Venezuela, ask the vendor or find on Amazon the d910i model or use other phone.This phone supports 2 SIM cards: the primary supports 3G data, secondary for 2G phone calls and text messages only. I am using Movistar on the primary 3G with a data and voice plan, Digitel on the secondary for voice only.I was using Movilnet for 3G but changed to Movistar after 3 weeks because it has better HDSPA coverage at this time (2012-2013). At first I had to reboot the phone twice to take HDSPA signal with Movistar.Put a 32GB microSD card and worked fine from the start. The phone comes with a 4GB microSD card inserted, so no need to buy extra card. I did not know this before.The phone has enough power to do what i need: write text files, surf the web, read PDFs, read documentation on HTML saved on ths microSD, watch movies, take photos and videos on the go, listen to the FM radio (yes it has FM radio support and application), listen to .ogg or .mp3 music, record voice, etc. The web clients does not support some web apps I am using on an online courses.Sometimes the phone hanged after extended or intense use, switching between applications. I suspected first from the official Facebook app (changed to other) and latter from the fabric installed 'GO Launcher EX'. I changed the launcher, it is easy and safe, you can always return to the fabric installed 'GO Launcher EX'; first tried 'Lightning' launcher, then tried and stayed with Zeam Launcher and seems better, no crashes. I primary searched to change launchers because the default GO launcher consumes more memory than others and this device is 512GB RAM. Some reviews sais GO is slower too, but this phone has 2-core processor, all feel the same on speed.The rear and front cameras, both are excelent. Rear camera's 8mpix is great an takes beautifull pictures and full HD videos.Full HD videos plays on this phone perfect!!.You can use 2 SIM cards and choose wich one to use to call o text messages.Headphone plug is standard, so you can use the privided ones or any other you have.Battery last for a working day, depending on use. The default configuration has a clock moving background wich I removed just yesterday. According to the Android battery meter this clock was the most power consuming app (by so far), so I expect the battery to last longer (much longer...) now. I never got out of battery, but charged every night, connecting the provided USB cable to the computer or to the electrity plug adapter.This is my first Android phone and my very first smart phone. I like it because I really am using it to limits and on commuting time on the Caracas Metro transportation system. I study, make social, entertain and work with it.

I got this phone and it works really well. The display is amazing. The phone quickly downloads apps and it was easy to put my music on it. It was a pleasant surprise when I opened the box and saw that it came with a case and screen protector. Great price for what you get.

I bought it because a friend told me. I still have a Samsung GII but I paid for it more than double for what I paid for the BLU. It has similar features, similar size but the BLU runs the latest Android version, which is a lot better than previous ones. Screen resolution is great. Only thing I did not like is the BLU has generated its one custom icons for Gmail, browser, etc. and it surrounds them with a rounded figure that it takes to get use to it. (June 2013: this is no longer a problem with Android Jelly Bean update 4.1.1)  I was planing to use them only for traveling abroad but I am using it now all the time.Battery seems to run a little more than my Samsung GII, a great plus.There are no cases for the phone at this time (March 2013) but since it is similar in size to Galaxy GII I use my old rubber based hard case cut some parts and voila!!! it got protected.Dual sim has one G2 and one G3. Maybe this is for tech reason but I can live with it.Very nice phoneUpdate June 2013: I contacted BLU and they send me the update for Jelly Bean 4.1.1. Works very well. No problem so far.

This phone surpassed my expectation. If only it had a proper manual, I would have given it five stars.I would highly recommed this phone.

We received this promptly from Amazon, got it all set up with two sims 1 for work (att), one from Straight Talk (att), all was good setting up the apn, etc.. Beautiful device, seemingly well built and pretty responsive overall.  Personally, a smart phone first and foremost should be a good phone, otherwise, you might as well just have a tablet with a data connection.  Everyone I called, even from both sims, indicated my voice sounded "muffled" and I would have to repeat myself again and speak unnaturally louder to have the conversation.  I tested my theory by making my voicemail from my new phone and then listen to it myself and also used the Google voice search function.  My voicemail did indeed sound very low and muffled and the Google voice search function would not register it "heard" anything until I spoke/yelled uncomfortably louder into the microphone. I saw some other reviews here and other locations addressing this exact issue with no resolution available.  I DO NOT fault the seller in this issue. I did not want to take a chance and get an identical "bad apple". So I ordered a different phone and see what comes from thatUnlocked Quadband Dual Sim Android 4.1 OS With 4.7 Inch Capacitive Touch Screen 3G Smart Phone - AT&T;, T-mobile, H20, Simple mobile and other GSM networks (White)

i love my phone, it works and does just as it said it does, I like having to sim slots, I love the big bright screen and the best part about this phone,..it did not break me to obtain it, it is very affordable, only downsid, WE NEED MORE ACCESSORIES FOR THE BLUE VIVO 4.3 !

It's fast, light and the screen is very glossy, but the battery does not last long enough. Overall I like it, but I can't give five stars. Works perfect in Venezuela.

Yes we got the phone my fiancee loves the phone the only problem we have with the blue phones is the battery life span other than that its a good buy for the price

Bought this because I had a dual SIM phone in Asia, but my phone in Asia (HTC Desire V) did not support the 3G frequencies for the Americas.  The phone is great for a phone with some smartphone capabilities, but as a smartphone, it has some annoyances.Firstly, the system doesn't use a stock ICS interface, but rather uses the GO Launcher with a Blu Theme. Not too much of a problem, except the lock screen.  (I have a Galaxy Nexus and the lock screen displays the time and date.)  On this phone, the time and date are relegated to the obnoxious wallpaper.  The image you see is the  WP Clock Live wallpaper (check out your favorite app store to try it out).  If you change the wallpaper, you lose the clock on the lockscreen.  The wallpaper is obnoxious because it's so bold and takes up HALF of the icon real estate on ALL of the screens.  I couldn't find a way to rectify the situation.  I use my phone for a clock too (in lieu of wearing a watch) - it's a bit of an annoyance but limits the customization of the interface which Android is known for being better than the competition.A slight nuisance is also that the system comes pre-installed with Facebook, Twitter, and Whatsapp.  There is no way to uninstall it. I don't use any of those apps (a G+ person) and the Play Store notifies me (at least every day if not more) that there are updates for Facebook, Twitter, and Whatsapp.The audio on the speaker out is pretty decent, but plug in the headphones and things sound horrible.  For some reason, the audio sounds very distant and echoey with the headphones.  On top of that, there is a recurrent pulsing that occurs in the headset, you can hear it during music or listening to nothing.  Not sure if there is some crosstalk occurring with the internal hardware, but it drives me nuts to the point where I cant use the headphones.For the price, you get a decent dual SIM phone.  It seems really light in one's hand and the battery seems to drain faster than my other dual SIM GSM phone, I'm not too sure what's happening there.  The 4GB of storage are on the pre-installed micro SD card, so if you want more memory you'll have to replace that card.Anyway, caveat emptor.  It's an okay phone, but it's not going to be on par with the quality you'd expect like a Nexus, a Galaxy S, or HTC One type phone.

I so love my phone it's great and for the price i really can't complain at all. I would recommend

This phone will have 5 stars out of me for all the good reasons mentioned in the other reviews and especially the price!!!! But, I'm hoping this isn't a case of &#34;you get what you paid for&#34; because I personally, would not like to pay over $250 for a good unlocked smart phone.Any way, the missing 4th and 5th star is from the battery life and charge rate...Testing both me and my wife's phone, charge rate is aprox 5% per 10min on the charge. I'm going to start the process of taking it back and getting another to see if that will do the trick, if so I'll bump it up to 5 stars...If not I'll leave bump it down to 2 stars because I'll be doing a full refund return and settling on a least spec'ed phone....Really hope the battery life is fixed once I get it back from amazon...We'll see and I'll keep you all updated..BTW if anyone finds a comparable phone i'm mainly looking for:front facing cameraat least 5gbos at android 4.0 ice cream sandwich. kind of don't want to go above 4.0 since there isn't support for flash anymore....

Very nice. My daughter loves it. It has all the functions she needs (music, texting, book-reader etc.)But I think now there are better options available.

Elegi esta calificacion por que varias razones.  Una de ellas llego a tiempo.  Llevo 3 meses y el equipo ha funcionado correctamente.  Para latinoamerica funciona muy bien.  Estoy utilizando las dos simcard con los operadores  claro y movistar y funcionan perfecto.  El rendimiento de la bateria tambien es muy bueno.  Me dura 2 dias y medio aproximadamente.  En comparacion con mis compa&ntilde;eros que tienen Iphone,  la bateria a ellos no les alcanza a durar 1 dia.Lo recomiendo.  Es muy buen equipo y la respuesta al navegar y utilizar las aplicaciones es bueno.

I bought the vivo 4.3 with jelly bean but I received the old version the ice cream which is not what I need

I bought this phone as a D910a but after toying around with the phone I noticed I was only having 1g with my T-Mobile sim card. I thought maybe it was because I put it in the wrong sim holder but after going through the settings I was sold a D910i.With the phone, I do love how light it is. The screen quality is quite clear. Using apps I see everything clear. I am a huge app, text & call user because of this I have to charge the phone once a day. Front camera is a little fuzzy like most but the back camera is nice for taking picture, I like that I can press the screen & it will focus.Overall I do love the phone but it is very disappointing that I was sold the wrong phone & have slow internet access when I am on the go

I often need dual-SIM for travels and it saves me from carrying two phones around.Before this model, dual-SIMs were only quite simplified phones with budget specs, but here we see implementation of two SIMs working simultaneously plus iPhone level of functionality. Actually, I planned to buy dual Sims phone + iPhone 5, but surprisingly found that is not necessary.Android platform is mature already and hardware of Blu works as expected. All necessary software for practical life (text and excel editors) is there, lot of applications are available online (and free of charge). I've spent 1000 $ for iPad applications and can't see real advantages of that over similar applications on Android. As always, some specialized software might be better on other platform, but I don't use smartphone for that.This is a hell lot of smartphone packed in black elegant exterior and don't worry, it is not inferior product, I'm happy to put it against any competitor.Finally, something I've searched for years and it would be excellent buy even at double price.Verdict: must have for people who don't accept compromise and don't buy into marketing hypes (I'm satisfied to be in non iPhone campus at moment).

I love the blu vivo 4.3.  It is all that I could have expected.  The only problem that I have found so far is that I can't find a place to buy an extra battery or case.  It does all that the other smartphones do, at 1/2 the price!!

I have had this phone for 5 months, and I absolutely love it!! The touch screen works great, the apps available are wonderful, and I love the speech to text function as well as the hotspot/tethering capability. The only downside to the phone is the battery life, but since I am always close to a computer or an outlet, it's not a big deal. :)I'm a writer, so being able to instantly access my documents I have stored online is a plus. I also LOVE the different Bible apps that are available so I can always have my Bible with reference material available to me, no matter where I am.This is an awesome phone, and in my opinion, way better than an iPhone! :)

Espa&ntilde;olIngl&eacute;sPortugu&eacute;sthis phone is very good very fast the applications this muyt chevere just that I found it a bit tricky to use must be because I am somewhat inexperienced quepierde the only detail is a little reception but will not if the phone network in Venezuela ca of rest so far everything is going well espero siga funcionando de buena manera ya que estoy probando por pimera vez la marca blu

This phone is not bad. Of course this is my opinion.I like the screen size and quality, the camera is clean and quickI don't like the phone book design/layout, the return key or lack of the menu button in some instances.Have the phone 6 months now and have experienced some sticking or freezing other wise has been good so far. Battery life has been about a day and a half but that is with hardly any internet usage beside whats app.

After growing tired of waiting for Google to get in another batch of their Nexus 4, I decided to look for other phones in a similar price range. Found the Vivo 4.3 and thought I'd give it a try. Here are the pros and cons of the phone is the default format. I know you can download themes, widgets, etc to change some of this stuff, but keep in mind I haven't done anything yet.Pros:- The screen is awesome. The color is great, the blacks are super dark, there are zero issues with viewing angles.- The phone is sturdy feeling despite feeling very light in the hand. I don't notice it in my pocket.- The speaker on the back is plenty loud. If you sit it flat on the back, it'll muffle the sound, but just lean it against something or hold it in your hand and you are good to go.- The phone boots up super fast and runs very smoothly. I haven't ran anything to intensive on the phone yet, but so far so good. AnTuTu benchmark scores it at 6467, if that matters to anyone. The performance for the money is more than fair with this phone.- Works with Straight TalkCons:- Screen resolution is tiny @ 480x728. Would like to see a few more pixels.- Speaking of screen space, the buttons are on the screen. This cuts off a little of the usable space on the screen. I would like to see dedicated keys below the screen because of the low resolution.- The power button is on the right side across from the volume keys. More often then not I'll hit them both when trying to shut the screen off. Pretty much every other phone I've used had the power button on the top right.- The home screen is on the far left of the 5 available screens. I would rather have the screen in the middle to cut back on scrolling since you can't scroll around to the left either.As mentioned earlier, the cons are very minimal for me. I can't really say how long the battery lasts because I keep a charger handy at both work and home. I've been very happy with the phone and would recommend it to anyone.

I got this phone for a long period of travel. Although it's functioned pretty well--the dual sim cards are convenient when you have to get a card for each new country--, I'm already looking for a replacement. It's the battery life that's the deal breaker: If I turn all apps off, all GPS, bluetooth and data connections, it will last an entire day. But if I have any of those things on, the battery doesn't last an entire day. Which means that it won't even be suitable for at home, where I'll of course want a phone that lasts until bedtime.I thought I might've gotten a bad battery, so I ordered another one. Same short life. Also, during the first couple of weeks with the phone, it dropped calls if I merely gestured while holding the phone: the only way to avoid dropped calls was to put it on speaker and lay it on a flat surface. That problem eventually faded away, and I haven't had a dropped call in months.I bought it as an amazon gold box deal, and at the time I thought that it was so cheap I wouldn't mind if it wasn't the greatest phone. But I was wrong: I do mind, and dashing about trying to find a way to charge the #***! battery really pisses me off.Buy this phone only if you can charge your phone twice daily.

Bought this phone about a year ago -- first couiple of months was okay. Later -- nothing but problems, constanlty not fulfilling what it's suppose to do.. This is junk. Get a real Android phone. Resale at Amazon = $00.50 -- go figure

This Item's good for calling and listen Music..! But battery's going down so fast..!I have to shut off Wi Fi and Bluetooth when I'm not using for stopping battery going down fast...!

The SUPER Amoled screen is a battery hog. The battery life remaining seemed to be going down by 1% each minute. The battery life is poor. The specs says 3G is 850/1900 mhz. I tried for a long while but could not get data connection on ATT. Thats because ATT needs 850/1900/2100. Depending on where you are you may not get 3G. But I said it should at least get Edge/2G data, it did not, which was a big minus. The phone also comes with what i consider too much BLU baggage, there is something that loads time, date and other things on the top of the screen and one cannot get rid of it! At least I could not. Also for an Amoled screen the display wasn't sharp to me.Its not comparable to Samsung or Sony smartphones. Still a lot of work to be done.

have a hard time no instructions the maker can not be reached i would not recommend itb to anyone i should have spent a few more $ and bought a brand name

I was pretty excited when I received the phone. It seems fairly well built, fast, and the screen is great. However ... I was pretty disappointed to find out, that it only has 1GB of internal memory, and not 4GB as advertised. It's barely enough for the basic apps.Second, the phone is very slippery. BLU would've done well by making the back rubbery or something. Anyway, this could've been easily fixed with a case ... but I couldn't find one.So for me, these flaws (especially the first) were reasons enough to return the phone. Too bad -- otherwise the phone is pretty competitive compared to many other offerings.

I LOVE THIS PHONE.  To put it simply.  It starts up super fast and it does everything it says it does.  You do need to purchase a micro SD card though if you want to use PRO versionsof purchased apps.  You can get one up to 32gigs for this phone.  I tried to install the pro version of SoundHound and Shazam and they both would not install without the card.  Setup is a breeze and wifi works great as well. The antenna in the phone for the service is amazing.  I have service in areas I didn't have using my old motorola.  I'm still using the same service as before but now it seems like there are no drop outs in the service.  The wifi is easy to setup and it is very fast as well.  I definitely recommend this phone for anyone who wants to use a pay as you go phone.  That's what I do.  My phone service runs on the AT&T network and it is flawless.  The sound quality of the phone conversations is crystal clear as well.  I have nothing negative to say about this phone so I say go and buy yourself one of these phones.  I also wanted to say that BREED is the amazon.com company I went with to purchase this phone and they were excellent to do business with as well.  I would say use them to purchase this phone through amazon.com.  5 stars to BLU and BREED.  Thanks

This product is good for your video viewing and camera quality. Performs just like a Samsung Galaxy SII. As for signal reception it's pretty bad. The BLU DASH could get stronger signal in the previous places I use it. You cannot beat the price though.

Gets poor connections and battery drains fast.Lots of static on some calls and poor receptions at times. Camera has poor quality pictures.

This phone has a lot of potential, but is just OK at best.  On the plus side the screen display is AWESOME.  The picture is bright and the colors are crisp and clear.  It takes great pictures outside, but like most phone cameras, is poor in low light conditions.  The size and thickness of the phone are great.However, there are some low points.  When I first got the phone, it wouldn't text pictures to others (MMS).  I played with the APN settings, had AT&T; play with the APN settings, then contacted BLU support.  They eventually had me reset the phone to factory settings and install a new version of Android on the phone.  The install went fine, but the APN settings were now worse and I couldn't get ANY data.  AT&T; was no help (can't blame them since I didn't get the phone from them).  BLU support was zero help on this.  I had to search quite a few forums on the internet to find APN settings that completely worked.  I probably had about 7-8 hours into solving this problem.  Also, as others have mentioned, the battery life stinks.  One day is all you are going to get out of the phone, even with a good app killer.  One really odd problem I have is feedback.  When I use the phone to actually to talk to someone I hear an echo of my own voice.  It's annoying.  Finally, the GPS is horrible.  Not only is it slow to connect to satellites (several minutes), the accuracy is WAY off.  You can't use the phone for geocaching.  I wouldn't use it to locate a business.  Last time I attempted to use it I was about a mile away from where the GPS said I was.Will it work?  In a nutshell, yes.  However there are better phones out there, but the price is hard to beat.  So...there's lots of potential here, but not enough to make me want to buy the phone again.

Good phone for the price and no contract.  Works on AT&T; but you'll need to go to the store so then can encode the phone with the appropriate information for data connectivity.The phone does have limited on board storage and does act slow from time to time, but I had the same experience with a more expensive Android phone.  It's a good value for a cheap smartphone.

This thing is absolutely amazing for the price!  The CPU, screen and graphics are outstanding.  Tried several new high graphic games and this phone has no problems playing them smooth as can be.  The built in speaker was a pleasant surprise, very loud and clear.  A bit tinny sounding, but not near as bad as any other phone I've heard.  Sounds much better than the new iphone 5's I hear in the break room at work.  The touchscreen is well designed.  My clumsy fingers normally have a hard time with these smartphones, but this one was a breeze to adapt to.I've read the other reviews of people complaining about the battery life.  Once fully charged, and completely drained twice, the battery life seems seems outstanding.  If you sit on the phone and use it constantly, sure, your going to have to keep the charger in tow.  No different than any other smartphone out there.As others have mentioned, so far there is no aftermarket cases or screen protectors modeled for this specific phone.  I'm sure however that one designed for another phone would work for this one.  I just haven't found which one that is yet.In my opinion, to buy a phone that would outperform this one, you would have to spend several hundred dollars more.  That or get locked into a contract and have to settle with only getting a new phone every two years.  Lets face it, the pace at which the apps and technology for smartphones is moving, if you get a year out of a phone before it slows to a crawl with the new apps, your doing good.

They say that you get what you pay for. Blu phones are a GREAT exception to the rule. Because the company does not do much advertising (I found out about them in a PC Magazine), their phones are dirt cheap / but as good as they come. When I took this phone to T-Mobile the sales people were amazed at the quality and screen. When I told them how much I paid, one of them started to take notes.Now, realistically, I do not expect a lot of support from the manufacture. The phone runs ANDROID 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich OS and I frankly expect it to stay that way for its' life. That's fine as far as I'm concerned. If I want something new I'll root it.But, for around $260 when I bought it, and T-Mobil's new pricing and dual SIMS, it's GREAT!

The phone is very nice, I am still getting used to it, screen is very responsive, colors are very bright. I don't like the camara, I don't get good pictures outdoors, maybe don't know how to use it? It is supposed to adjust automatically, but pictures are bad, not even close to the real colors, otherwise it is a good phone.

I bought it as an amazon gold box deal and have been pleasantly surprised by the quality and features of the product. It recognized the sim immediately. Wifi connectivity is good and browsing is fast. Very nice camera. I installed a battery saver app and battery life is very decent. Overall I think this is a very good product.

It's difficult to rate this product because it seems to do everything well at a very affordable price. The problem that I had was that it wasn't as easy as my old phone to use as a phone.My Samsung Galaxy Ace allowed me to move small photos of frequent contacts to my home page to enable easy dialing when driving. The process for placing a phone contacts photo on the page for speed dialing is much more complex and you can only fit three such contacts per page. Email customer service with the manufacturer took a few days, but once we were in contact the emails flowed rather quickly. Unfortunately there didn't seem to be a fix. I am not an engineer but I think this is a twofold problem. The forst is that this version of Android makes the setup of a speed dial page more cumbersome. The second problem is with the phone by using such large icons that only 3 per page fit.

I am proud to announce that I received my Blu Vivo 4.3, It works great on my local network, the specs are really amazing, I have never been so pleased about my purchase, its really fast and touch screen is very responsive, I don't think you can get a phone with this kind of specs for such a price, I am definitely recommending it to all my friends. I am a previous blackberry owner, but I don't think I ever want to own a Blackberry again after having such a great phone, even my friends who owns samsung s2 were really impressed, even though it probably does not cut close, which means Blu is finally doing something good, wish they will upgrade this phone to Jelly bean.... Folks don't lose out on this great opportunity, not having any problems as some reviewers with mic volume etc.... every thing works great.... A must have.

es muy r&aacute;pido el internet en todo y lo recomiendo 100% calidad para todo los fan de la tecnologiA l

This phone is so smart that it needs no user... or at least it will not respond to a user.  All phone numbers in your existing contact list remain marked as 'mobile' with no way to reassign (they were correct on the sim).  Delete SMS's - No!  Terrible manual, and no one to ask.  It makes a sound and then gives no indication what the alert was for.  Keyboard icon takes you a huge list of unidentified apps.  Oh, and since it only works on 850 an 1900, I am not sure it will work in the other country it was purchased for.  Pay a bit more for a Samsung Galaxy.

The phone overall is great. Very fast , very responsive overall a really nice phone especially for the money.  But the only problem i have is that at times it will shutoff.  The battery is full to half full and will turn off.  it can be immediately turned back on, but if you are unaware you can miss calls which has happened several times, as this is my step-son's phone.  I emailed bluproducts.com about this issue about 2 months ago with no response at all.

This phone broke within 2 days of me having it. it just shut off and did not turn back on. dont buy it its very slow and it takes forever to charge and 2 minutes to kill the battery

Just got the phone and it works well so far, will update later. Just plugged in our sims and flew through.

I bought from Amazon because of the 3 month return policy. I am not an experienced shopper and did not realize that I had to watch for scammers. The Cell Phone King people don't even have a web site with their name on it; it's Breed or something. When I called them to ask about the unlocked phone--the one they sent will not recognize that my sim card is in place--they asked for a purchase order number. I have misplaced the paperwork. The phone looks nice. I may like it if it worked. If I could find the paperwork I would return the phone and buy from a more reputable company. Also there is no case made for this phone, which I knew beforehand, but may be a bigger problem than I thought. I've never used the phone.

Bought this for a friend and he love it, and the fact its dual sim is great. Not a bad phone at allthanks

bought this for my kid .. havent had any complaints yet , screen is super clear and colors are pretty vivid.

I bought it for myself and I really love it. The only bad thing was that the battery charger didn't work from start. The charger came out of order. I couldn't returned it because I live in Paraguay. So, it was cheaper for me to buy a new charger.The phone itself is very good. It comes with ICS Android and supports 2 SIMs. I chose this phone because I needed an intelligent cell phone with support for 2 SIMs. A lot o people liked the phone when they saw it. I recommend this item.

It does not work on T-Mobile 3g. It is not acceptable, phone made in US and it does not work on T-Mobile 3g. It works on t-mobile edge though, but really really slow. If you buying it to use data on ATT, it is OK phone to buy.

pretty neat phone however the manual is rudimentary (just very basic )the phone can do lots of stuff but its up to you to figure it out . this is not my first smart phone but it is my last blu phone..  the customer service is at best mediocre (they don't completely read the email and keep referring you to a YouTube site) for very very basic directions If the phone wasn't neat I would give 0 stars.your better off to buy a Samsung or iPhone quality products with sensational customer service

hate this phone so many problems  battery life sucks will die on you daily no matter how long you charged it hangs every few minutes and over all just s***

very misleading be careful it works on att and tmobile but data will not workbetter off buying another unlocked phoneotherwise it was pretty goodhad to return

I bought this phone specifically to use abroad.  So far, so good. I will echo the complaints of others regarding the pathetic battery performance.  The battery drains within one day --- and I turn off the 3G/data option because I have all-day access to wi-fi! On the other hand, I appreciate the camera and video features, nifty screen and ease of use.On the other hand, I am not able to download apps! The error message says that the device is not compatible and thus unable to download apps from Google Play.  I am switching over from the iPhone and find this shortcoming and inconvenience ridiculous.  I don't understand how a phone with built-in apps CANNOT and IS NOT compatible to download additional Android apps.  If I am missing something here, please let me know.  I am now at wits end and open to suggestions.Does anyone know how to make this phone's APN compatible with AT&T;???  Please help!!

I bought BLU Vivo 4.3 D910a unlocked phone with .3 Inch Super ALMOED Plus Display..My purchase was made on July 21, 2013. I received it in a week time. Amazon return ploicy expired on August 23, 2013. Today is September 15, 213. My BLU is going kuku. I put the screen ON and try to select a contact. The screen goes dark on me. I select last call IN/OUT and the scree does not allow me to even select properly and it goes dark. Many times the screen shuts down even befor eI could pick up a phone. i had enter a screen password and it began freezing. I did not even use internate and I got so many problems witht he product. Its a bad product. My luck it happened after expiring Amazon's retrun policy. DO NOY BUY.

This phone meets all of my needs.  The one feature that I don't need is the gps and it is a good thing I don't.  The gps takes to long to get a lock onto the satellites.  I use a nextar gps so it is not that important to me but when I would like to use the gps to get back to my car in some fairgrounds parking lot it woulb be great to get a signal in a reasonable amount of time.

design is fast as the iphone is na economical alternative to have a separate mobile android is released in Venezuela it works perfectly with 3g band

GPS has never worked on the 2 phones I purchased. It never locks onto a location (often as much as 20 miles off). When I contacted Blu about it, they suggested some fixes, but they took a long time between responses (sometimes over a month), and the fixes they suggested never worked. It was nice that they provided an upgrade to a newer Android operating system, but that didn't help either. After they dragged their feet to the point where the warranty ran out they said that GPS and turn-by-turn navigation is not a feature on these phones, however those are specifically listed as features on their website for this phone.

i like te product, but , the response time when you push a bottom is just not good,  is not what i was expected, but size is good, is very light weight , camera is good

For never hearing of this brand before, I really like the phone.The yellow color is starting to fade into an orange-ish tone though.Otherwise, the phone itself is operating great. :)

the phone has many applications and excellent technology is fast, modern, is more has fallen to me rather a dozen times and has beaten the screen and nothing happens it is very good quality, the only thing the speaker to listen to the feel soft needs a more powerful, and some applications in English bienen but few if I speak Spanish, I'm from El Salvador but overall very good phone, the seller came very diligent full-time and recommend it for interest.

I got this phone, nice and cheap. Unfortunatelly the battery performance is very, very poor, and drain in few hours of use. Extra battery is not available for purchase, so I want to return now

With Jelly Bean 4.1.1 asks nothing any android device, midrange, the experience is very fluid and dual sim works perfectly in Mexico.

I have 2 mobile phone numbers, so the 2 Sim Slots are ideal for me. Over & above this, I have found it to be a reliable phone and the price is very decent too.

This phone is well designed and would be great if it was compatible with any service provider. I had to finally return it after several days of trying to work with 2 different service providers to activate it.

Its fast the screen is very glossy. works perfect with Movilnet in Venezuela. But doesn't work with 3g in the carrier Digitel

the cell indicates that it has 4GB of internal memory and this is not true, what is inside is 1GB which I find very little to the type of phone.

This phone is one of best bargains out there. Had it a few months now and still waiting for a catch.. there isn't any. As advertised, and better!

Pros:Excelent ScreenGood cameraDual SimCons:Very slow if you are used  to a very expensive smartphne.Battery life

Fast, better than average camera, latest touch screen technology, runs and hooks up to wifi 10 times better than my iPad. Would buy again in a minute. My Samsung II and III friends are envious. Unlocked and a third the price of many lessor phones.

I get this phone 2 days ago and I love it : colors, sound, connection speed using bloothoth. I used it today 6 hours with all features on (email/ facebook/ high quality image and video, install/ uninstall apps/ ,gps,transfere videos/ photos/ set up online music library... (heavy use) and my battery is at 55%.I love it more than yesterday. I will keep you posted if anything goes wrong, but up to now IS PERFECT!Last week I said I love it? Is more than that. I am super happy with my phone. Great coverage, extremely fast, beautiful colors...I am still playing with lots of gadgets to see what can do. I use the Bluetooth for data transfer, and I use the GPS,...I am super happy with my new toy!

a) while it quotes ICS, it does not allow to encrypt phone storage, a key Android ICS feature, manufacturer could have been more clear on partial ICS support. Highly not recommended if intention is to also protect privacy and personal datab) Upgrading is a convoluted process, again not if expectation is a simple functional smartphone.

Bought for my father in law so I don't really use it. Overall performance is within expectations though for a dual core 1GHz phone, and the overall experience and build quality are good. Unbeatable at that price point.

You will not find a dual processor phone with a 1 gig of rom and 4 gigs of ram out there for just over $200.The screen is great , camera superb. No glitches no crashes, no problems what so ever.Works on Simple Mobile in the states and Chess in Europe with seamless  dual SIM change over from one SIM to the next.

It's a good phone on paper. I think the problem is amazon lists the Vivo 4.3 D910a and the D910i models. The specifications are the same for both phones but one costs more. What I suspect, is one is actually the UMTS model, as in compatible with T-Mobile, while the other is not. I suspect the D910i is the UMTS model but I cannot confirm that.The interface is kinda ugly. BLU is promising an update that will take the phone to stock Android interface, but I can't find anything but a press release.BLU has something here, speedy phones with a good feature set at a great price. They need to do a few things though. Come through on a stock Android update. Engage the Android modding community. Lastly, improve product documentation and description on reseller sites.To be honest, until the three items above are adressed, don't go for the phone.

very good phone, the camera is excellent, I have had several Android devices, and this at a galaxy 2, would be excellent to offer the 3G version to the 900 band

Our Blu Vivo was delivered a couple of days ago.  Impressive specifications and a huge step up from the non-smartphones we are used to.  We are using it on a T-mobile voice/text plan and will probably not exploit many of the features that ICS has up it sleeves. Not big on music, so can't confirm the issues mentioned in one of the other reviews.The screen is very nice, camera works well for both stills and video (nice to have the LED flash).  Wifi worked very well - no hanging - even when pulling up videos.A couple of disappointments that hopefully can be sorted out.  First, the microphone volume is quite low - making it difficult for someone on the other end of the call to hear the entire conversation.  And I know it is early yet, but the battery life doesn't seem that it will come anywhere close to the standby time that was represented.  There is a nice feature with ICS that allows you to turn the phone off and on again - such as when you are sleeping so that you can save some battery.Give 4 Stars right now - we'll see if it sticks after some more time with the phone.Nov 9th UpdateBattery life with light use is a few days when implemented battery saving strategies that turn off wifi when not in use, automatic screen brightness, etc. - definitely acceptable.Mic volume has not been resolved.  Amazon was good enough to send a replacement, but it had the same issue.  Recent communication with Blu Products service indicates that a software update can improve the performance, but we have to pay for the postage, to and from, and live without the phone for a period.

For the money you have is an excellent product. The Blu was used for one year without major problems. The case is very easy to scratch, no options anywhere liners and as I started adding apps run slower. But again, if there is a budget phone that can serve as a basic smartphone is it. In the &#34;economic&#34; range, for me, this is the best you can buy.

All you could want from a smart phone... But, maybe, it should be sold with two batteries ...If you use the phone with 2 sims working and wi-fi battery life is 14-16 hours (no so bad...) but using a data connections (3G), it is just 6 hours, or less, definitively too few... The more stupid thing is that I can't find where to buy a second battery. What a pity! ...because this BLU is really a fantastic phone...

I have had my Blu Vivo for a month and am reasonably satisfied.Pros:Beautiful form factorGood UIBright, clear screenStrong Wifi and 3G signalsDual SIMLow priceCons:- Android problem - audio plays from both speaker and headphone when heaphone is plugged in. Fixed this with SoundAbout app.- VERY short battery life - with Wifi switched off, completely untouched, overnight my phone loses 40-50% battery power.- Crashes - often crashes when using Chrome and Stitcher.

Satisfied and more.... This phone surpass my expectations. Not expensive and the program is superb...If you want something that is high tech and budget friendly... well this phone is for you...

Excellent phone so cool it arrived on time and the phone is amazing wifi, 3g, dual sim, sensor work very well

This phone is super convenient...and the software compares well with the big names. Would truly recommend this product for those that log around 2 cell phones! And it is a great starter smart phone for those that are not very tech savy! My mom loves it!

I love this phone. My cousin had one and I get to get it for myself. Its fast and easy to operate. My only issue is I need an Otter Box for it ASAP!

Every one of my friends have an Iphone and they rather have my phone. i am very happy that it arrived before its date. the service works perfect for my tmobile service. I am overall impressed with this phone and the company behind it. five stars for breed and BLU Vivo 4.3 i will recommend this to each person who wants a new phone.

i absolutely love this phone i had one just like it but it was yellow n to b honest the second i dropped the first one i had in the toilet i could only think of getting another one ......love love love it......this here is MY &#34;iphone&#34;, &#34;samsung galaxy&#34; n every big brand name u could think of......love this phone so much :) &#60;3

Compre el tlf en Estados Unidos y un familiar lo trajo a barcelona( no page portes) el resultado es muy satisfactoreo  funciona muy bien rapido y agil con las aplicaciones y no detecte un mal funcionamento en nada, funciona perfectamente en las redes de telefonia de Espa&ntilde;a. Muy buena compra relacion calidad precio!!!!!

THIS PHONE DOES EVERYTHING AND MORE . I COULD ONLY BE HAPPIER IF THERE WAS A CASE FOR THIS PHONE.. YOU NEED TO GET SOME QUALITY ONES

i was really trilled when i saw this phone with a friend. considering the price, other phones with such features are far more expensive than this. unfortunately, i could not get the maximum values i craved as the phone i bought had a factory fault (i could only use it with bluetooth, ear piece or put it on speaker). i bought the phone through amazon and a friend brought it to me in Nigeria so i'm constrained to looking for who to fix a new phone i bought.

This is my first smartphone, but I had an ipod touch before, so I have something to compare it with. So far I like it very much! It is really light and super fast! Every app that I've downloaded runs smoothly and the phone only crashed once when I tried to download a fake version of the iphone's siri. Anyway, I haven't had any hardware problems so far. The screen is huge and the keyboard is very good. The only reason I'll give this phone 4 stars is the touchscreen responsiveness, I know it sounds weird but the phone does not recognize my left index finger if the phone is lying flat on a surface no matter how hard I try. It is so weird but the ipod touch recognizes even the faintest touch so I don't know what's up.  I recommend the phone if you're willing to take some time to configure your android settings. The amount of functions and options the OS gives you can be a little overwhelming but that's good because you have control over most of your phone's capabilities.UPDATE: RETURNED THE PHONE BECAUSE OF TERRIBLE MICROPHONE. NOBODY COULD UNDERSTAND A SINGLE WORD I SAID. EVER. Asked for a replacement, same thing. the phone is great but the MAIN purpose is to be able to talk to people, and if it can't do that right, it's not worth buying no matter how many cool features it has.

I came across the BLU vivo while researching unlocked phones for a long motorcycle ride in Latin America.  The BLU Vivo 4.3 met or exceeded my expectations in every way.  Voice quality was excellent.  The camera took very sharp images as well.  In fact, all the functions one uses in a similar phone such as the Samsung S3 work equally well on the Vivo, at a fraction of the cost.One minor nit:  the phone is advertised as shipping with the latest Android OS, Jelly Bean 4.1.2. It did not.  However, I emailed Vivo Customer Service in Miami, FLA to update the phone.  The next day they emailed me directions and I updated the OS without a problem.If you need a full function unlocked Android phone look no further than the Vivo 4.3.  A great phone at a good cost!

I've had this phone for several months now. Absolutely no problems. I understand that they now offer this phone with a stock android OS. I never bothered to upgrade. I have to recharge at least every 2 or 3 days. I am a light user.12-12-2013... I have since upgraded android on this phone to latest version supplied by BLU. I should have done it long ago. It greatly increases battery life, and puts a stock Android on phone (much preferred). I would now consider giving this phone "6" stars if possible. For the money, can't be beat.

Just got this phone and so far so great........I am using it on Straight Talk (it uses the normal size SIM card) and all I did was snap in my SIM card and it worked great....I just had to change a few settings on the internet menu (which is explained on the Start Talk site) and presto!  Works great.Many features, the only thing I wish it had was an LED indicator to flash when there was a missed call, email or text.....and I did download the free "Juice Defender" battery saver program which works great.....it basically shuts down all un-needed apps when the screen goes out....thus saving the battery life. The AMOLED screen is FANTASTIC and rivals the Samsung S-3.Any full-screen Android phone is going to be battery hungry, but since this one is a 3-G model and has the Juice Defender program installed, it seems to be holding a charge well, even with moderate use. I think it's a good deal for the $$$.**Now that I have had this phone for a while, I have to say I am VERY happy with it. Forgot to mention the call quality is also excellent (how calls sound on the handset in your ear) and very pleased overall.

The phone is really nice for the price. Comes with Android 4.0.4 installed. No support for Adobe Flash unless you manually download from the Adobe archive site.Pros: Dual core, fast, light in weight.Cons: Soft navigation icons take away half an inch of prime display space, no 3G on T-Mobile, only 3 sided rotation.Speed is fine for e-mail, phone and web surfing. Comes with handful of onboard games. Not a gamer even occasional so cannot say about games and associated speed. Had it for few days. Although the price is very attractive, losing the screen size because of soft navigation icons is a deal breaker. The effective screen size then is no longer 4.3 inches (except for watching videos). Web browser crashes frequently. Not sure why. Bought 32GB micro card separately. Came with only 4GB micro SD. Did not install any additional apps from Google Play.1600mah battery so lasts at most a day with light use. Nightly recharge is a requirement then.Hard to find case. Samsung-2 cases fit perfectly but the headphone/power jacks are in different locations.

I've bought this for my husb. He's HAPPY!! He's says: Its better than my Iphone 5!! :) perfect colors. easy to use. He thinks It's screen resolution is bit lower than Google Nexus 4's. But overall - phone is great. I'm disappointed  that I've payed so much for my Iphone! :(

i am thinking manytimes ordering on it when the item was arrive its very nice the only problem is the accessories where to look for but over all phone was verynice  no problem at all thanks.. amazon nice shopping experiences

I've had the phone for one year. It was ok, but recently I updated the phone to Android 4.1.1 (I got the update from blu support) and since then the phone is running at max memory capacity, no RAM left for applications. I open an application and it just goes away, the operating system closes it. Blu support wants me to ship the phone to them to re install the original operating system and charges $25.Buy a phone with more memory, this has only 500MB which is not enough for Android 4.1.1 or newer.

I bought this unlocked phone for my brother, he really liked it, it's a fast phone, great camera and the price is the best thing

Defective product! Had proximity sensor issues after the first week, decided to send this junk back to amazon ,will never buy again

I work in afghanistan and go to the states about 4 times a year so i decided to get this phone so i can stop carrying around two phones when i travel. This phone is all the rave! I was skeptical at first because of the price but i decided to buy it. I had the BLU Elite at first... Absolute Fail. I lost it and good thing i did because I received this phone.PROS:It has mobile hotspot which I cannot have a phone unless it has that.The interface is so stylish sleek and eye catching.Cons:It only does 2g and 3g although a 4g network sim card will still work.There is no case specifically made for it but ebay does sell sleeves for them.I definitely recommend this phone to people like me who travel and need a dual sim phone.Shoot i recommend this to people who dont travel its way cheaper then your next android smartphone and worth the price.

I'm a deployed soldier. I left my Galaxy Note 2 home because I didn't want to risk losing it and bought this phone locally. It's not a bad device at all. It works just as good as any mid-range android device. I must say the weakest point is the battery life and the touch screen is not the most responsive.. Beyond that, I'm able to watch netflix, hulu, youtube, get all of other apps working with no problem.The average consumer should have no problem with this device!I encourage you to try it out if you're looking for a decent android at a low cost.

I have had this phone for about 3 weeks and everything on it is what to be expected.  Ok, the battery life is not great, but if you are looking for that in a phone, you probably should go with the new razors.  Another thing is that I can't find accessories to fit this phone.  I have searched Amazon and also called the company that delivered the phone and they said that they don't deal with accessories.  I was hoping to get another battery since the life on this one is not great but what are you going to do?  The battery for me lasts all day, but I'm not streaming or checking facebook a million times a day.  The battery life can be extended by having the auto brightness enabled.  The phone is responsive and works well with the StraightTalk plan I purchased.  I did have to tweak the internet settings to get picture messaging to work but after that no problems.  This phone is good for a general phone user, not one who is a electronic genius.  I am not worried about the UI or putting code into the phone or rooting it.  I browse the internet, make calls, and texts and I have had no problems with that when I got everything set up for my phone account.BOTTOM LINE:IF you are a general user you will like the phone and what is has to offer for the price.IF you are a tech savy person, you will have a new phone in 3 weeks anyway so don't bother getting this one.Great phone for the price and like it alot except for the the two things I mentioned earlier.

Pro:  light and thin, sharp screen, dual sims, replaceable battery, cheap.Cons:  so-so battery life, it doesn't like good headphones!the other reviewers pretty much cover all pros and cons of this phone, so I am not going to go over them.  I want to point out one thing that bothers me a lot about this phone.  Overall I like this phone except that this phone doesn't like good headphones!  I read about it in another review but went ahead to purchase it anyway.  i thought that reviewer might have a defective one, or his head phone was defective, or he put it in incorrectly.  but i guess he was right.  when i put in my klipsch headphones it sounds like crap.  when i put in my sony headphones it sounds like crap.  even with a standard headset from a verizon phone sounds like crap.  It only sounds normal when you plug in a very low quality headphones such as the one provided by blu.  I don't know how to describe how bad it sounds, but trust me, you don't want to put it in your ears.  i found a workaround by using a bluetooth-to- 3.5mm adapter, which turn a wire headphones into wireless through bluetooth.  then the headphones work perfectly well.  but this work around is becoming a pain because you have to connect to bluetooth everytime you listen to music, and it sips more battery on the phone (the bluetooth adapter requires battery too).  i eventually turned to my company's iphone for mujsic listening, but i really hate transferring music using that freaking itunes.  will be looking for another android phone for my music listening, probably a Sammy, and keep this one as a back up.  if you are going to use this phone as your primary music device, look somewhere else.  if you are not going to listen to music on your phone, this is a great smart phone to get.

OK, many things have been told abour Blu products, however after a LONG wait I've recieved my Vivo 4.3.I used to have a Samsung Galaxy SII, great phone, very useful, but due to business (I travel around the world very often) it's very important to me to have a dual simm phone for not to carry two phones.I looked for chinesse dual simm phones, but the most of them are cr@p, very cheap, but very low quality.Then I looked for a "branded" dual simm phone, and I found a Galaxy Y DUOS, good as all the samsung phones, however I needed more "power" in processor and a bigger screen, I use a lot the GPS and the screen and the processor of the Galaxy Y DUOS were a little "awful". I also use the phone for watching videos while traveling and the 240 x 320 pixels, 3.14 inches screen didn't help a lot.I found Blu company in one travel to Miami, I looked to their phones and I was about to buy the Blu Studio 5.3 but the reviews stoped me from doing that, the processor wasn't good and the screen resolution was not what you would spect from such a big phone.Then I read about the Vivo 4.3 specifications, and I really wanted to have one of them because the super amoled 4.3 480x800 screen, and the 1GHZ dual core processor.I recieved mine two weeks ago, and I'm really really happy with it, when unpacked is about the same size of the Samsung Galaxy SII, but lighter even with the battery installed, when turned on the screen responds fast and run the most of the apps almost inmediatly.I installed a 32 Gbytes micro SD and the phone went to its full potential.I downloaded Waze social navigator and NDrive GPS app and tested both, the response is FAST, just the way it should be when you are driving.Simm 1 carries the 3G, Simm 2 carries 2G only, so when I'm in my country (Mexico) my first simm is the local carrier (Telcel) when I'm abroad I switch the simm for the local carrier, I was in USA last week and used a H20 simm card for data and voice and worked as spected.Next week I'll go to Europe and I will try it with Movistar in Spain and Orange in France, I will let you know how it goes.What I didn't like was the horrible start screen, and the theme that Blu is using in the interface, I found it very anoying. However I installed SPB Mobile Shell and the experience was much much better.I'm strugling with the phone ring tones, but I'm sure I will find how to change them soon.I'm happy with the phone, so far I haven't found any thing that dislike me.My advice..... because of the price and the performance.... get your Vivo 4.3, you will not regret.,

This is an excellent phone but watch out for the build quality.I originally ordered one in mid-October as I was about to leave on an international trip and Verizons Intl roaming rates are ridiculous.  It worked out well a $7 SIM from Claro plus some airtime at 5 cents per minute in country and about 50 cents per minute to USA, no data,  but used the Wi-Fi at the hotel which worked great with this phone.I received it and was very pleased, here is what was most remarkable:1.  The large Super AmoLED display is awesome, blacks are truly black, video looks great, text is very readable, and it does not wash out in sunlight although it is tougher to see and read than in normal light.  I compared it under the same conditions to my iPod Touch 4,  I could not see anything in bright sunlight with the iPod where on this phone when taking a picture I could see the subject well enough.  The display alone alone is reason to buy this phone over other unlocked phones.  You have to go to high end Samsung at >$600 to get this same feature.2.  The Wi-Fi range is excellent and the Wireless signal quality seems quite good.  Tried it with both AT&T; and Claro.3.  Has Android 4.0 which has many more features than Android 2.X which many inexpensive Android phones are still based on.  The web browser with Android 4.0 is much better than the one with Android 2.X.4.  All the misc sensors seem to work well, the accelerometer, the compass, the GPS, and the camera takes excellent picture and video although a bit noisy when it is a dark scene which is common for phone cameras.  Did have a problem here though see below.5.  Fast enough CPU.  It seems responsive in all apps I tried including 3D games.6. Is lightweight and just the right size so you can feel comfortable carrying it in your pocket all day.I did have two problems though with my first unit first the battery seemed to drain quickly and if I took a photo that needed the built-in flash the unit just shutdown.  After this shutdown I had to remove the battery to get it operating again.  This repeated the next time I took a flash photo a few days later while away and this time it was even harder to get back up.  Following this it would just shutdown for no obvious reason every few hours.  Tried full battery charge, airplane mode, etc and still problematic.  After returning from my trip I RMA'ed it as defective and quickly got the same model from Amazon.So far so good it is working great.  I can take flash photos with no problems and the battery drain appears nominal.As far as what you should expect for battery life with both a Wi-Fi signal and a wireless signal it drains the battery in about 2 days even if you only use it minimally.  To extend this disable one or the other radio except when needed and you will probably get 3-4 days.  Using the phone for light activity seems to draw the battery at about 10% per hour.  Talking is about the same.  Playing a 3D game draws the battery at about 20% per hour.  I am not sure if these numbers are good or bad it seems like everyone I know is charging there smart phones daily and this unit is no exception.Most people would remove a star or two for the problem I experienced with the initial phone but as an engineer I am aware that ALL electronic devices are subject to what is known as early failures, typically in the first few days of operation.  This occurs at a rate of 1-5% depending on component and build quality.  Used to be electronics were burned it at the manufacturer but no more it just costs too much to do even for the big (expensive) players.  The phone like most is made in China but to the specs of Blu (supposedly an American company based in Miami) so I think they should work on component and or build quality even if it raises the price by $20.Before I bought the phone I read the other reviews which were also generally positive.  The one reviewer mentioned a continuous repetitive background sound when using headphones, good sound was important to me as I use it as a music player also.  Soon after getting it I tried it with three sets of headphones and no such issue.  Again being an engineer this is typically caused by a bad capacitor in the audio output section allowing internal electrical noise to come though.  To the other reviewer who had this problem just RMA the phone and get a new one.  It is another example of a build quality issue and is not endemic of the phones design.So BOTTOM LINE THIS IS A GREAT PHONE for the price.  If you purchase this phone though try out all the device features, camera with flash, other sensors, and try it with headphones as soon as you get it and if anything does not work right or causes a shutdown or other issues just RMA it and hopefully the next one will be fine.  This is a nice advantage of using Amazon they do not give you hassles about returns or try to convince you a problem is not really a problem.  This is particularly important in light of other reviewers (no personal experience) reporting that Blu has poor customer support.  Hopefully they will improve this.BTW: There is no form fit case at this time for the phone.  To protect it I bought a small thin lightly padded camera case at Sears that fit it well.  Other small camera cases may also work but you have to try them so it makes it hard to order one online, like Shoes.  This case is less convenient as when I get a call as it takes 10 seconds to get it out of the case but is better than nothing.  Hopefully Blu will work with a case vendor or two to create a form fit case in the coming weeks and post on there web site the make and model of the case options.

Bad customer service, they don't know much about the products that are sold. Wasn't given much options as to what i can do if i have a defective product.

I just wish they had phone cases available for these since they are so popular, It is fast and beautiful screen and the camera takes great pictures, again I just hope they see all the comments and start making phone cases for them

Good technology and features for the price! Good design! This is an excellent phone ! ! ! ! ! !

Nice phone for the price...i got it with the gold box discount and for 150$ there is not a better one u can get on the market...and + 2sim card my brother would love it....good deal tho :)reccomend to everyone :)

Excellent phone, excellent price, excellent service, no complaints at all. This phone will give you the same features of a 700 dollars phone.

nice fone as compare the price and other fone in the market.i recommend it for people who travel and need 2 sim fone.

The "BLU Vivo 4.3 D910a" seems to have pretty decent specifications for the price $$$ however.....until protective cases are available i'll not even consider buying one.BLU Vivo 4.3 D910a Unlocked Phone with 4.3-Inch Super AMOLED Plus Display, Dual SIM 3G 850/1900, Dual Core 1GHz Processor, Android 4.0 ICS, and 8 MP Camera - US Warranty

I bought this phone in February to replace an iPhone 3G which fell and got the screen broken. It is my first Android device, but there were a few things that really sold me on this phone. First the dual sim feature was the most important for me. I travel a lot and hate to have to carry two phones. Second was the size, 4.3 inches is much bigger than the iPhone but not as big as the Galaxy 3 which is 5 inches and I was not too fond of that size. Having the super amoled screen was the third thing and having Android 4.0 and now 4.1 sealed the deal for me. When I received the phone I was so surprised by how thin and light it was. When I turned it on I was blown away by how great the screen looked especially the blacks. I popped in aSanDisk Ultra 32 GB microSDHC Class 10 UHS-1 Memory Card 30MB/s with Adapter SDSDQUA-032G-U46A. I love the live wallpaper (wp clock) with the extra large clock display. Unlike how it is shown here the default background is black. It is very cool to me and I can see the time easily. I was changing various home screens and changed it by mistake but an email to BLU customer service was answered immediately. I asked them for the pdf manual which was not available on their website and they sent it for me also. Great response from them. Setting up the accounts such as gmail, whatsapp, magicjack and netflix plus facebook was easy. Typing is a breeze and I got all of the apps I was using on my iPhone from the play store and amazon app store for android. I live in Barbados and I did not want to review this phone until I had a chance to use it for the main feature for which I bought it ... The dual sim feature. I was in Vegas in April and the phone worked flawless. I had the LIME Barbados sim in the 3G slot and my AT&T; sim in the 2G slot. I Have a T-Mobile 4G hotspotT-Mobile 4G Hotspot (T-Mobile)so I only need my AT&T; for phone calls. When I arrived in the US, the AT&T; service on sim 2 connected immediately. I had to make the phone manually search for a roaming network for the Barbados sim to connect to. It did not do this automatically like my iPhone so it had me there for a few minutes. It connected fine and you can set the phone to ask you which sim you want to use for each call. This worked fine and I just set it to use the AT&T; by default. Next was the gps and google maps. I had my Garmin 1390TGarmin n&uuml;vi 1390/1390T 4.3-Inch Widescreen Bluetooth Portable GPS Navigator with Trafficwith me as well and the BLU was just as accurate as the Garmin plus you have voice search with the BLU. Call quality is great and loud and I changed the ringtone to one of my favorite songs. You have a ton of alert options and tones. I am an audio engineer and music is my life so the next thing I have to comment on is the audio of the phone. I bought Poweramp player because of the equalizer and the preamp functions. I have a pair of Audio Technica ATH-M50Audio-Technica ATH-M50S Professional Studio Monitor Headphonesheadphones which my iPhone powered ok, but the BLU did not work well with these headphones. The BLU did drive my JVC FlatsJVC HAS160B FLATS Lightweight Headband Headphones (Black)ok though. Definitely an impedance issue. My solution to this (serious problem for me) was the FiiO E07FiiO E07K Andes Portable USB DAC Headphone Amplifier, Blackheadphone amp and usb dac. This thing will knock the stuffing out of most headphones. Back to the phone. The good thing about Poweraamp is that when I was streaming my music via bluetooth to the stereo in my rental you have the 10 band eq and stereo width control to fine tune the sound. With bluetooth, wireless, both sims and the gps antennae on all of the time, the 1600 mah battery does not last all day. With wifi on only and medium or auto brightness, the battery gives me about seven and a half hours with normal use. I have a galaxy tab 2, 7 inchSamsung Galaxy Tab 2 (7-Inch, Wi-Fi)and with everything on the battery lasts forever. I have a PowerGen PGMPP12000 12000mAh External Battery PackPowerGen PGMPP12000 12000mAh External Battery Pack High Capacity Power Bank Charger Triple USB 3Amps output for Apple iPhone 5 4s 4 3Gs 3G, iPod Touch, iPad 1 2 3 4, The New iPad 3/ HTC sensation, XE, XL, One X S V, Thunderbolt, Inspire 4G , EVO 3D, EVO...which keeps the BLU charged when on the go in a mall for example. For me, the battery life could be a bit better but for the money, this phone rocks. I have not had a problem with this phone that was not app related. For example, with the magicjack app installed and launched if you try to use voice search it will give you an audio error message. Just end the magicjack using a task killer (I use Android Task Killer) and the voice search will work again. I am just saying this because I read some of the other reviews and it may be operator error or lack of experience with the operating system, features of the phone and apps installed that may cause problems. Thousands of apps means thousands of software combinations which will cause the same device to operate differently for each user. Again I will say that this phone is terrific. I have purchased two more of these phones for my friends who have seen my phone and they are happy with them as well. A couple more things to mention. I am not a fan of phone cases but this is one of the biggest issues with the BLU VIVO 4.3 . There is no case available for the phone right now and this might be a big problem for some people who want to purchase the phone. BLU needs to work on this immediately. There must be some company that can make a case for it. When I plugged the phone into my mac, I see under system information that this device's vendor shows up as HTC. So the BLU is probably built for them by HTC which is a great thing. And yes, I purchase most of my stuff from Amazon.Update May 30th, 2013.I contacted BLU by phone and they emailed me the links for the Android 4.1.1 update for both the D910a and the D910i model of the phone. I followed the included instructions, backing up my user data first which took me about 10 minutes. I copied the file (update_BLU-D910a-V07-GENERIC_T8134.zip) to my SD card, rebooted into the utility mode and performed the update. When finished, make sure you do the factory reset as indicated in the instructions. I did not at first because I was not paying attention and the phone rebooted by itself. Everything worked except for my caller id which was really annoying. I checked with my friend that has a D910a and his update worked fine. So I rebooted into utility mode and did the factory reset. Of course you have to now re-link you accounts and setup stuff again. I actually chose not to restore my data. After owning the phone for a few months I wanted a few less apps, so I downloaded what I wanted again and re-linked my accounts and everything is working fine, including the caller id. Moral of the story, follow the makers instructions. I now also have Google Now and it is cool to ask the phone something and have it tell you the answer like Siri on the iPhone. Battery life has improved a bit as well. I hope they let us go to Android 4.2.x which will be the last version of the software to run on (non rooted) dual core devices so I heard. BLU Vivo 4.3 with Android 4.1.1 is fantastic.

Fone is sturdy and seems well made. Nice size. Screen is large and the fone is slim enough to fit in my pocket. Apps work great etc...my only 2 complaints are no case and sound quality. can't find any cases it cover if any kind. Kick up the sound and make a case and you have a great fone for a great price. Oh and shipping was blazing fast got my fone in about 30 hours.

I really enjoy having this phone.  It is sophisticated, having some very desirable features.  The Android 4.0 is a big improvement.  The pull down controls are super handy.  It allows for some quick changes like turning on/off wifi, data, screen brightness, rotation and some others.  I like that a lot.  The large screen is bright, clear and sharp.  Touch response is excellent.  Buttons controls are solid and the camera is excellent.The down side.Sound jack: Does not work with any quality headphones.  The sound is tinny and distant. Use a low end stereo headset without mic and it sounds fine.  Also, the primary reason for me to switch from a dumb phone to smart was the use of the Square card reader.  Total disappointment because it will not work.  My readers, both, will work on my iPad.Set up.  Being not tied to any carrier, the data/mms setting were all wrong.  When I first plugged my sim card in, phone worked but no data, no mms.  Searched online for APN setting and it took a little while to find the correct ones.  (Don't bother asking AT&T; for help, they either don't know or they're playing dumb.Ending on a happy note: The simple tethering/mobile wifi setup.  No need to pay for high end data plans that's required for tethering.  I use a minimum prepaid plan for data and I am able to tether my iPad to my phone.  Nice!It's worth it.  My boss keeps asking how much I paid for this phone.  Curious to know if he's going to get one for himself.

To be honest I first selected this phone because of my budget, however I am absolutely convinced that the price is not only right but the product exceeded all my expectations.weight, size = is just right.dual sim = I integrated my phone provider's chip and the data card chip on the phone, so I have all in one unit calls + internet + tethering. :DI am still discovering all the capabilities and accessibility this phone can provide me, but so far it has not let me down...

I have been using for a month now and I am pleased.It is a quality phone for its price and I would recommend it to anyone.

I can't believe it, this phone is really useful, great display, wonderful colors, easy, fast, good camera, good signal in two simcards, the battery life is normal, you can use 1 day without problems. Fully recommended

This phone has a lot of good promises but falls short on 90% of them. I ordered one and it gave me nothing but problems. I got a replacement and had the same problems. This is not the fault of the seller. In both phones the GPS did not work at all. When I paired each of the phoned to any device then turned off the Bluetooth when it was not needed I lost all Bluetooth function. The Bluetooth would not even turn on. If this had only happened with one phone I would have thought that it was a bad egg but this was the same on both phones. On the first phone when I did a factory reset from the Android menu the phone went into a boot loop and would not power back up. The second phone did wipe all the user data then powered back up. Both phones had poor audio. When I spoke to people I had to almost yell into the mic. This seems to be a problem that is in most reviews of this phone.

Side by side to the GSII, the clarity and color the Vivo on the screen has no comparison.  More vivid, sharper and spectacular color display.  I have been exceedingly pleased with the fluidity of the operations and the quick response of the phone. I would certainly recommend it to anyone.  Several people that I have shown it to have asked where they may obtain the same model phone.

I have never had  a phone which in standby mode consumes so much power. This phone needs to be charged every day with constant or limited use. I will not buy another BLU phone after this. A Samsung or Nokia will suit my needs just fine.

When I first got my new BLU Vivo 4.3 in November I was excited because of it's latest Android programming for such an affordable cost.  When I began to download apps it all went downhill from there.  I downloaded an app to replace the stock sms and it won't even run, but apps i manually stop will continue to run causing my phone to crash.  The RAM is horrible and my phone keypad to make calls will not respond so I'm screwed if I need to make a phone call.  I will definately will be purchasing another phone when I have the opportunity.

I thought this phone was just the phone for me.It does all the smart phone things very well. It was fast, bright and worked well.The voice quality was completely unacceptable and we had to return the phones. A Cell phone is first and foremost and communication tool and the voice quality must be paramount. Other callers found that we sounded muffled. I thought there was an electronic quality to the voice. Anyway it didn't work for me.I'm still on the hunt for a quality $200 smart phone or hope that Google gets the Nexus 4 in stock before it is superseded by the next one.

The phone is great for the price, a few glitches here and there but I expected that. However, this item did arrive in an opened box which leads me to believe it was not brand new. Overall if you want a cheap android phone with mid range specs I would recommend this phone or you could purchase the moto g, which I believe will be a better by at the same price.
