
The phone is okay. Touch screen is responsive. The phone's speaker is pretty decent. For the purpose of texting and calling, this phone will do the job. Internet on this phone is not as good as other smartphones out there.

I love this phone. I bought it for my wife and now I want one myself. There are some pros and cons to the phone and I'll list them in order of importance to me.PROS:Unlocked! I can use it anywhere and with anyoneGreat call qualityGorilla Glass screenEasy texting interface (there are reviews out there that claim it only has a keypad in portrait but you can change it to qwerty in the settings)Easy to use (you can pick up this phone and pretty much know how to use it in about 30 seconds)Battery lifePhysical Call and End keysProximity sensor turns the screen off so you don't hang up with your cheekCONS:Screen size (it's small but it fits everything in there tho)No flash on camera (for this price I can't complain but it is what it is)Summary: Buy this phone! It does everything you need and looks great doing it. It's not a "Smart Phone" but it does everything one does. If you want tons of pointless apps then this isn't the phone for you. If you want a reliable, portable, sexy and usable device then pick this one up and you won't be disappointed.

The phone arrived on time and on first look I liked it. I hate big sized phones and was very happy to see that this phone was just the right size. Its very comfortable to hold in hand. The touchscreen responds well. The features are attractive. As a phone it does its job very well. The audio is clear. The ringtones are loud (I used to miss many calls with my previous phone coz the ring would get suppressed when the phone is in my pocket). Dialing and making calls is also very easy. It is nice to hold in the hand. 1Ghz processor is good in speed. 128mb memory might not be sufficient for app users (Angry Birds plays fine though).Wifi connects well (I'm not a very heavy user of the internet over the phone, but I have streamed videos occasionally and didnt think it bad). I do not use the 3G feature so I'm not bothered about it. The screen size may not be the best for watching videos (having said that I don't think a 4-inch screen does any better). The 3.2mp camera is good (again I'm not very picky about the images). There is no flash (but the flashes I've seen on many phones were not so impressive, so I don't miss it). There is a qwerty keyboard while in landscape mode.I have synced up my email and calendar so I get email and also meeting reminders on my phone (the syncing happens when I'm connected to WiFi)! My son loves playing games on it.I wanted a good looking, not too large, touchscreen phone which operates very well as a phone and moderately well as a camera, video/audio player, internet browser, email device, etc.. and I can say for sure I got it.

If u want this phone for the applications don't buy it is really anointing make it work the wifi you have to repair the new WLAN phone?? Wtf??? Never buy this phone

got exactly what was described. perfect smartphone and good for using anywhere in the world. the best part is its unlocked!

I use this phone with net 10, unable to set up the correct information in order to use all aspects of 3g.  but phone description did state that all aspects may not work.  The app selection is not great.  The phone though does not require me to buy a unlimited min. And data package.  And as far as I can tell I can only choose one ring tone.  I was use to a different one for each person.  Wonderful company though, phone came fast and is easy to manewver through screens-

for some reason the mobile data doesn't work on it.might be because wind mobile in Canada has a lot of problems with the network

I buy Nokia Asha 311 Dark Grey 4GB but where have 4GB there is only 200MB memory and I don't get cable for connect with computer

I ordered 2 of these phones. One pink n one grey. The pink one came without a battery an I was sending them to antigua the next day. Smh now the person has to find a suitable battery which will be hard down there.

I bought it thinking it was a smartphone, but it was not. I'm sure this was my fault and I didn't read the description carefully, but I wanted to mention it for all the other people who &#34;skim&#34; and don't read.

good phone for price... hadn't had phone long enough for a proper reveiw... will follow up later.......... seems like it might be ok...

I like this product is very good and I receive in time in my house and like the funcionalidadthie product.

I didn't meet my expectations.There is a problem to connect to the 3G networKWell , I am beat upset.Long life to Iphones and SamsungSellers, I can change my opinion, help me to find a solution for use this phone in 3G. contact meYes also, It is so easy to talk with apple. And for Nokia....wow[...]But at the end, who sells more smartphones ?

4th month with this phone, touch stopped working, Hoping seller will take care of this since it is less than an year old and in the warranty period.

I didn't like the phone .this is phone had problem with button .and looked very cheap quality prouct compare to other phone

nokia makes good celphones. i've used a few of their phones before and they all have been rock solid, durable phones. i've had the asha 311 for 5 months now and im very pleased with it. its a cute little phone.  however, ppl should note* it is a feature phone NOT a smartphone as many seem to get confused. it's a wonderful feature phone especially for the price. people shouldn't compare it to iphones or other smartphones re apps, etc.  although it can do things a smartphone does - i think it could easily be the best featured phone out with smartphone capabilities. for instance, youtube works fine. if you're looking for a stylish n performance feature phone, this is a great choice.  i have a pc so i only wanted/needed it for talk, text, internet access n camera/video/audio recording.it does all of those things well. the battery life is good too. it has a FM radio in it other cool little features.  i bought it for its style, sleek compact size n its functions. im a woman so the size is perfect to use in one hand. if you're a guy with big hands though, i don't think texting would be easy for you. which brings me to the cons: a snag i found was the calculator doesn't have a percent button. i don't know whats up with nokia n that - i guess they missed that one 0.0as far as the gorilla screen - hmm - im fairly careful n keep it in my bag but it still can get scratched so u have to take extra care not to let it get scratched.whenever i've dropped it it dismantles completely, the battery falls out n everything but nothing has broken. u have to use the nokia headphones it comes with to use hands-free talking n video/audio - the sound using regular headphones cuts in n out. overall, the phone is worth the money n is a more than decent phone. i think its the closest you can get to a smartphone by still being a feature phone.i doubt you'll be disappointed if you get it.

Basically, treat it as you would your old "dumb" phones, only with more options and functions available, because that's exactly what it is.If you use the internet on your phone at all times, this probably isn't the phone for you.  The standard Nokia browser sucks and is kinda slow.  Plus, the smallish screen size makes typing an exercise in pronounced concentration and backtracking to delete typos.If you text up a storm 24/7, this also probably isn't the phone for you.  Again, the dodgy keyboard.But if you're looking for a nice solid phone as an upgrade to your old "dumb" phone, then this might be the phone for you.  Remember what cell phones used to do?  Y'know, make and receive phone calls?  Well, if you're one of those old-fashioned types who still use your phone as ..... well ..... as a phone, then the Asha might be the right phone for you.  I personally went with the Asha because reviews said that the call quality was very good, and I can confirm this in most situations.And if you think of the other smartphone-y functions as merely a bonus, then this phone works well in that regard.  I don't have a data plan, so I can't vouch for the data plan connectivity.  The Asha, however, connects easily to my home's wi-fi network (it's pretty easy to turn on and off from the home screen).  Checking Facebook and email is a cinch whenever I turn on the wi-fi antenna.Other smartphone-y functions:- If you text only occasionally, this phone works fine.  Receiving and reading texts is a cinch, however.- The calender/to-do list is a bit clunky, but it works fine after you get used to it.  Very useful function if you keep daily reminders.- The camera's quality is meh, but it's available.  The camera can also record video.- Despite the small screen, video quality is pretty impressive.- You can play games on it like Angry Birds. (Don't bother using the EA Games app if you're in the U.S.  You can download some of those games here: [...]- The Nokia maps, though a bit clunky, work fine.  However, without a data plan, the maps are essentially useless, right?  Wrong.  Even though you can't automatically locate your position without a data plan, you can still download map data to your phone via wi-fi by panning over your desired locations.  Even without a data plan, if you've already downloaded the map data for your current location, you can see the individual streets and intersections for that location.  This is more useful than you than you would think, especially if you're touring a city/town/anywhere and don't feel like carrying bulky paper maps.The phone's storage is also expandable up to 32 GB.  Basically, you can vastly increase your current phone's capacity for only $10-$20.  The phone's battery life is good (another Nokia trademark, besides good call quality), and the battery can be replaced easily and rather cheaply.Now for some cons, besides the ones mentioned above:- The orientation sensor isn't anywhere as good as that of the iPhone 5 (or most other smartphones, I suspect).  It takes a second or two to switch views when you turn the camera, if it switches views at all.  I don't know what the rules are as to when the phone software decides it can switch views, but it gets annoying when you want to go to landscape view to use the QWERTY keyboard but you remain stuck in portrait view.  In those situations, the already small typing screen becomes even smaller.  I took at least a half star because of the Asha's dodgy and frankly awful orientation sensor.- Frequently, whenever I play Monopoly on the phone for 30+ minutes, the game will freeze and the phone will act up.  I don't know if this is the game's problem or the phones problem, but I'm guessing a bit of both.  The phone gets noticeably hotter at times, and I'm unable turn off the screen with the side button when it gets hot.- The shiny back panel is a scratch and fingerprint magnet.  They really should have made the back panel from the same matte plastic that they used at the bottom of the phone (under the call and disconnect buttons).  It's basically my old iPod Nano first gen problem all over again (as opposed to my new iPod Nano 6th gen, which feels like it will take a diamond in order to scratch it).- Speaking of scratches, this con has more to do with the screen protector than the phone itself.  That said, if you do buy the screen protector sold on Amazon, anticipate a difficult and imperfect installation process (with more air bubbles than you'd like) as well as a ton of scratches on the protector a few weeks after you've installed it.  The Gorilla Glass screen might have been fine in resisting scratches by itself, but I'm paranoid like that.  I'd rather have a crappy screen protector scratched up than the actual phone screen scratched.Basically, my phone is looking pretty beat up after a month and a half of use.  But I don't look at my phone as a fashion accessory.  I look at it as a phone, and thus far, it has done its job.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EDIT (8/2013):  I have a new phone plan that includes data (30 MB, which is more than enough for what I need right now), so now I can review the Asha on its data connectivity.The data connectivity is fine.  I believe you get a max 3.5G connection, which is fine for most non-streaming tasks.  I use it to check email with the app (works just as well as wi-fi), the Facebook app, and the internet on occasion.  The browser works fine for checking sports scores, news, and other small tasks like that.In addition, the Asha makes it really easy to turn on/off data, wi-fi, and Bluetooth connections.  Simply swipe down from the top of the screen to access the quick connectivity/sound/calling/texting menu. For small data plans like mine, it is imperative to have the ability to easily turn on/off the data connection.I've also used the Bluetooth to connect with my car's Bluetooth system.  It works very well as long as you're doing one task at a time.  Calls via Bluetooth are crystal clear, and music/podcasts played from the Asha via Bluetooth sound fine as well.  But don't try to do two things at once because the Asha can't multitask like normal smartphones can.  I tried once to pick up a call while a podcast was playing via Bluetooth to my car's speakers; it did not end well.  I couldn't hear anything on the phone line, and was forced to restart the phone to reboot everything.Text messaging has been better than expected as compared to my previous review above.  Yes, the keyboard is still too small and you'll still make typos.  But like everything, you get better at something as you get more and more used to it.The cons mentioned above are still pretty much there.I managed to get a better sense of how to use the orientation sensor: when I turn my phone and the screen remains in the same position, I tap the bottom of the phone (bottom of whichever orientation I'm in, that is) to try to turn the screen.  It works some of the time, doesn't work other times.  Like I said above, the sensor still stinks.The scratched-up back screen has worked its way to the camera window.  Pictures are blurrier than ever, and they weren't great to begin with.  I'm not sure why Nokia didn't bother to put Gorilla Glass or some other scratch-resistant material there.  To get around the scratched up window, simply take off the cover when you want to take pictures. (Don't forget to hold the battery so that it doesn't fall out!) It's like night and day between the two. Pictures taken without the cover are now of acceptable quality, if not better.  That said, it still sucks that you need to go through such gymnastics to take decent pictures.One other con I might add: the screen lock button on the side doesn't feel sturdy anymore.  It feels like it may give out after one too many uses.  Let's hope that's not the case.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EDIT (1/2014): The phone works perfectly fine if you don't use Nokia Suite, but becomes much improved if you do use it.  I finally used it this week and have been pleasantly surprised.Nokia Suite allows you to do a couple of things.  First, it allows you to update the phone's software, which gives you newer versions of some apps (like Facebook) as well as some new apps and games.  The best part of the updates are the new games, which are all far better than the games originally included (other than Angry Birds).Second, Nokia Suite allows you to download maps of entire countries directly on your phone.  Remember my advice above about saving map sections by panning and zooming with a wi-fi connection (if you don't have a good data plan, that is)?  Forget I even mentioned it.  Once you've download your country's map via Nokia Suite, you won't need to bother with such gymnastics since you now have access to every street and block in your country.The only negative is that the complete US map takes up 2 GB of space, which takes a long time to download and a lot of space on your phone.  So do yourself a favor and buy a 16 GB micro SD card for $10 (which you really should be doing anyway).And finally, don't even bother using the Nokia Xpress browser.  My review above stated that Xpress sucked and was slow.  For several months, I just accepted that the Asha was just not a good web browsing phone because of how crappy Xpress was (despite periodically updating browser).  But I finally got fed up and looked for a new browser on the Nokia Store App.  The Opera Mini browser was highly recommended, so I downloaded it.All I can say is, WOW!  Using Opera Mini to browse the internet is like a complete night a day difference in speed compared with Xpress.  Websites load immediately, and it feels like you're browsing the internet over a true 3.5G connection  Opera Mini's general layout is also far superior to Xpress. So do yourself a favor: download Opera Mini and get rid of Xpress from your life.The only thing to note is that Opera Mini is no longer on the Nokia store after I updated my phone with Nokia Suite.  So you should either download it before you update the phone's software, or download it from the web via Google.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EDIT (7/2014): Because my needs have exceeded what the Asha could deliver (mainly, I needed a more reliable email phone for my new job), I had to abandon the Asha a little over a year after I bought it.  I've replaced it with a Lumia 521 (which is a true smartphone at a budget price).Based on my one-month experience with the 521, you should absolutely NOT buy the Asha if you are even a casual to moderate phone internet user.  The Lumia 521 has shown me what a true smartphone is like for internet browsing and emails.  There is simply no comparison between the two here: simply put, the Asha is not built for internet browsing or email reception.As I have mentioned above, you should be okay with the Asha as long as you treat it like a slick feature phone with some smartphone-like features (touchscreen, internet capability, email capability).  With its easy to use interface and very good call quality, the Asha is a fine phone for those who only need to use their phones to make calls and do some other minor functions (listen to music, text a bit, put in some calendar reminders).But if you are expecting more from your phone, look elsewhere.  I would suggest the Lumia 520 or 521, which can do 75-90% of what an iPhone can do for 1/10th the price.  I bought the 521 for $60, which is an absurd deal considering that I bought the Asha for ~$110 and purchased a Nokia candybar phone for my father a few years back for $85.  And to put the 521's bargain price into further perspective, I had to replace a broken Samsung contract phone back in 2006 (back when Samsung made crap phones) with a basic Nokia candybar phone.  The price back then?  $60.

I bought 2 of these in order to have GSM world phones to use on a trip to Europe and Asia this summer. So far, I haven't put a SIM chip in one, since I don't use either of the USA GSM carriers. So, I've only used it with a WiFi connection. Product was not really as promised. The "Maps" app isn't at all like GPS, and it only gets your location by triangulating signals from nearby cell towers (a pretty inaccurate way to do it). Worse, the "keyboard" is on the screen but functions like a basic phone, in that you have just 10 keys and have to hit "pqrs" 4 times to get an "s", so even basic texting is slow and cumbersome (the good news is that the keys are large enough on the small screen). Also, even with a very good, fast WiFi connection, I couldn't get this phone to play any videos.Nokia's literature claims the phone has the ability to synch contacts via Bluetooth, but although I got it paired with my Bluetooth cellphone, nothing synched, and I think that it only synches with other Nokia telephones (a fact that Nokia doesn't seem to feel worthy of mentioning in its user guide). Speaking of the user guide, the box from Amazon's vendor included only a user guide in German. German??? I was able to download one from Nokia's website, but only by pretending I wasn't in the USA. Apparently, Nokia never sold this exact model in the USA, so Nokia won't give you a user manual if you're dumb enough to find yourself in the USA with this phone. It's not totally clear exactly what I purchased, actually. The to-be-sold-in-Germany version of a Finnish phone made in India is my best guess.The phone is small and is nice in the hand, and the screen is big enough (although I've yet to see any video at all on it). The user interface is clean enough and slightly customizable, but requires way too many confirmations. Every time you leave an application, it demands to know if you really meant to do so. That gets old.I assume this phone will eventually provide basic telephone functions when I put a working SIM chip in it, and when/if it does, I'll upgrade this rating to 3 stars, but it will always be quite limited for any smartphone functions.Update: I used this phone all over Europe this summer, and I have a better opinion of it now. I was able to get it to synch all my Outlook contacts and bookmarks, but only using a USB cable and the Nokia desktop software. It was pretty hard to do, but in the end it worked.On the road, the phone worked fine, with good battery life. I wouldn't ever want to use it for Internet browsing unless I had a good WiFi connection, though as data speeds were never usable, and the phone frequently froze. Another weak spot is the socket for a SIM card--it is very flimsy and takes a lot of wiggling to get it to accept the SIM. About half the times I took out the battery to swap batteries between phones, the SIM card and/or the memory chip fell out. It's a phone, but very basic one, and the promised GPS never delivered anything at all. So I'm upgrading this to 3 stars, as it does work. I wish I had spent a little more and gotten a much better phone, though.

Overall I'm very pleased with this phone. I wanted something a bit more modern but didn't really want a full blown smart phone. I really only use it as a phone and for that purpose its perfect. I'm using it with TMobile and no problems getting it to work.Pro:Perfect size, easily fits in my pocket. I didn't want some giant Android phoneGreat battery life, I've only had it 3 days so far with light usage I still have 3 bars left on the batteryUpdate: After having the phone for a few weeks I found I can easily go 5 to 8 days between chargesResponsive UI, keyboard is better than I expectedGreat call qualityIntuitive menu. If you've ever used a Nokia dumb phone you'll have this phone figured out in no timeCon:Though there are quite a few apps available from Nokia it doesn't really compare to Apple or AndroidA bit too small for browsing the internet but I only plan to use that occasionally, good enough for occasional use.Manual was in German though it was easy to find an English version onlineMine came with a 2GB memory card instead of the 4GB advertised, 2GB will be big enough for some pics and a few apps so not a big deal.None of the cons are very important to me so I still think this phone is perfect.If you really want an iPhone or good Android phone then this phone is probably not for you. The small screen and limited number of apps really make more of a feature phone than a true smart phone.

good phone, works well with movistar, es desbloq, is unlocked, many functions, the size is aproiado to carry and camera is very good

I've worked in the wireless industry for years and am very familiar with a wide range of current and emerging technologies. The Nokia Asha 311 is a surprisingly good phone at an amazingly low price. I am very pleased with it. Compact, reliable and easy to use for both calls and messaging.To understand why the Asha line isn't found among North American GSM carriers however, one must first understand that North American network success is measured by profitability first and THEN innovation. Nokia has reversed that equation in two ways: (1) By compressing high speed data through their own servers, one can take full advantage of the internet without a required high-cost smartphone data plan and (2) The Asha is LOADED with features and apps found on phones 3-4 times its price. In other words, the Nokia Asha 311 is not economically advantageous to any carrier that would prefer seeing its customers shackled into a 2 year service contract with an expensive smartphone data plan. Not surprisingly, the Asha line is VERY popular in countries outside the US. Indeed, more than 26 million Asha phones have been sold on the global market.With the Nokia Asha 311, one can use a low-cost feature phone data plan and have full access to Facebook, Googletalk, Twitter, Nokia Maps, Weather Channel, WhatsApp, etc, and still save 3/4 of what you would spend for the same thing otherwise. For example, with the Nokia browser one can easily access email and YouTube. US GSM carriers have rendered this next to impossible on their feature phones. One would assume that with all the Asha features, battery strength would be an issue? Not at all. One can easily go several days between charges, even with regular use. Amazing.Bear in mind, the Asha 311 is NOT a 4G LTE smartphone. However, it IS one of the best 3.5G feature phones available at any price. Perfect for everyday use or international travel, no other phone at this price range offers you a capacitive touch screen with Corning Gorilla Glass, 3.5 megapixel camera with video, built-in WiFi, VoIP, expandable memory up to 32GB, multiple languages, FM stereo radio, internet radio and even Angry Birds. Buy it, you won't regret it.

Is a good device with basic options for social networking, emails, among other things, but in the product description offer 4 gb and in my case the phone only had 2GB

Thought it would have been great but it wasn't. The only could thing is that there was 3G. it wasn't a smartphone. It didn't have apps that the play store would have. (Not even Tune In). i wouldn't recommend it to a friend or family it's very small, and sometimes apps would crash.

This is the second time that I am purchasing this phone for a love one in Costa Rica.  This person also love the phone, so there will be a third purchase next month.

Thought I would contribute a review since I get so much from them.  I share the other reviewer's praises.  Nokia's Asha 311 is very well designed and the in-phone and online software is beautiful.  Everything is well thought out and relies on simplicity rather than complexity but has plenty of firepower (my past Pantech and HTC phones prove just the opposite).  Read the online manual to see what I mean.  If you want a phone that has most capabilities but don't want to pay the extra mandatory $40/mo or so for smartphone internet access, this is it.  The touch screen is a new experience for me--very sensitive, yet not prone to errors.  I bought it for use abroad, but can use it with my AT&T; sim card in the US.  (To be picky, the phone is perhaps a tab small--would like it very slightly larger!)I've been disgusted with the "locked" phones AT&T; offers in their stores, and now its down to just a handful of non-smart phones.  With an unlocked phone you can purchase an independent sim card for about $50/mo. which gives you lots of talk and internet time--much better than the major carrrier's contract rates. (Some sims actually use the same network as AT&T;, so you get the same quality.  Note that Verizon's network is incompatible with most unlocked phones).  So no more 2 year contracts--take THAT AT&T;!  Check out [...].  "Locked" phones are a US phone carrier scam that does just what they say--locks you into high monthly fees.  Europeans have been enjoying the benefits of unlocked phones for years and now we can too.  Hope this helps.Further comment:  Took off one star because internet access won't work using AT&T; network in the states--you must use WiFi.  Also their downloaded maps are not the greatest.  Talk and sms are good, as is Nokia support.Update, April 8, 2013.  Many hours later, I finally DID get internet access.  With Nokia's help, found an AT&T; forum that gives the internet (web) and MMS (multimedia) settings you need to plug into your phone so it will work properly (presumably they only work if you're with AT&T;). So I'll restore the star I took off before.  Here's the link for the magic info (some terms were slightly different on my Asha.  note that this is for a Nokia C3 phone, but it still works):[...]On my Asha 311, I went to "Tools, configuration, personal settings".  Create and set up the "AT&T; MMS" settings, and then the "Media Net" (web) settings.  Call Nokia if you have trouble.Hope this helps others avoid the multiple hours of set-up.

Although call quality was ok, the browser was too slow and would hang up. Also screen was too small for me.

Very good phone. Like it so much. Small and very portable. Easy to use. Not complicated. Fast shipping. Will recommend to everyone. Received it on time. Would have given it 5 stars.

For a low-end phone flies on internet, so far it has not given me problems to me or my mother. Takes good pictures day and sounds good player and radio.

The pros:- Inexpensive compared to smart phones- Good set of basic features- Smaller size than IMO bulky smart phonesThe cons:- GSM in my area has inferior coverage to CDMA.  Using this GSM phone gives inferior coverage compared to CDMA phone.- Phone software has a few bugs - occasionally screen blanks, then returns.- While I've used Nokias for years, this phone's screens are less user-friendly/intuitive than Nokia's older phones

I needed a GSM phone that I can use with AT&T; and T-Mobile in US and with local providers in Europe when I travel.  While I love Android and use it as my primary phone here is US through Verizon, I wanted to have a compact, GSM, world band phone with good battery life that has Bluetooth, WIFI and SIP (VOIP) capabilities.  This phone fits the bill perfectly. Also, note that since this is not a smartphone you won't be subjected to those hefty data plan charges yet, the built in apps will allow you to get a pretty close functionality of a smartphone within reason.Only complaint I have is the inability to make SIP calls over WIFI, without using the GSM service due to the way SIP implemented in S40 OS of Asha 311.My only suggestion is that, watch where you are getting it from.  I purchased it from a vendor claiming that they are hassle free but didn't turn that way.  Returned through prime to Amazon and ordered it through JP Mobile and I received a complete package.  Very happy with it.

Small, cute, reliable, friendly phone. You will love it. :) nokia is the best phone I always have, love it!

THE PHONE DIDN'T BRING DE 4 GB MICROSD CARD, WHY IT CAME INCOMPLETE IF DE OFFER INCLUDED THE 4 GB MICROSD CARD?

I bought this phone so I don't have to pay for huge charges of a smartphone. The features are great. However, don't compare it to a smartphone, because it's not. It is on the smaller side, which takes some getting used to. Great for texting and great call quality. Lately, for some reason it has been powering off and I constantly have to keep turning it back on. It does this every few days. Can't figure out why...

Meets my expectations, what I expected and would recommend to those who like me, are not lovers of technological excess.

Great little phone but I prefer the menu structure on the Asha 300. Also on the 300 if I had multiple numbers for one individual they would all be stored under one name and then the phone would just ask me which one of the numbers I wanted to use which makes finding the number easier in the first place. For some reason the wifi does not seem to want to connect with any network maybe I am doing something wrong.Takes decent pictures though

I love it:  it is skinny, light, and up to date.It's a very good phone, it's a NOKIA .

I bought this phone and I thought it was bigger than what it is, first off. But most importantly is that the phone charger doesn't work at all. So how can i charge the battery? There is no info that came with the phone regarding a way to return this device. i am really disappointed.

Good phone, very convenient. Contains all the features for the model. Does not include memory card or USB micro cable. It is a very simple and basic smartphone.

Nice phone for the money, I ended up returning it because it had a reset problem, but I would have bought it again in a heartbeat, went with a lg, I hope this one works well

It is a nice phone only thing I was hoping to be able to download applications like Skype or Viber but it doesnt work for this operative system yet, hopefully Nokia will find a solution soon.

I love unlocked phones, put in card and off you go. took wonderful photos and had great sound. i think i would suggest this phone to my friends.

The call quality is ok, where you can get reception I have been having issues with reception in places my Samsung rugby had no issues. I never could get the phone to update so i don't know if there is a firmware issue with the phone, but I can't get any Internet functionality out of the phone at all in the U.S. using wi-fi or 3gOverall I can't recommend the phone to anybody

This is a great very basic smart phone.  The phone quality is very good.  I live in a remote area and receive good reception.The sound quality is very good, and it is easy to hear and to talk even in a noisy environment.  Good phone and good value.

I love nokia phones and this one by far the best I have brought. I don't need a expensive data plan and ATT requires a data plan with all smart phones. Works like any other smart phone, very simple to use and customize. Keys features of this phone includes wifi, full keyboard for easy texting (must select in the texting setting to enable), gorilla glass screen, 1gb processor and has free EA games included when you sign up with the nokia account.

This is not an Android phone - it is an excellent and less expensive phone that has most of the features of a typical smartphone.This is a great phone for the price. Unlocked, 3G, Corning Gorilla Glass ... Works very well, good reception. There is a mail client for all your accounts (Gmail, Hotmail/Live/Outlook, Yahoo, etc.), a web browser and Nokia Xpress Browser that sends all data through Nokia servers for compression and faster loading. Plus a camera, video, music player - all of the usual smartphone apps including social network apps. And much more including the Nokia store for apps both free and paying.Unfortunately, this is a Chinese phone with a Chinese manual. You can set the phone language to English and it does work well, but don't expect French (Qu&eacute;bec) or Spanish menus and interfaces.Even worse, the phone is supposed to come with a 2 GB MicroSD card from the factory (although this listing incorrectly indicates 4 GB), but it is not in the box as delivered. Does the vendor remove the cards? You will need a MicroSD card for music, videos, maps, etc. even for your own ringtones.Overall, not a bad purchase, except for those negative points. If you can find a better deal elsewhere (with the MicroSD card and a North American model, if that even exists), then definitely go for it.Don't forget to get the Nokia PCSuite from the Nokia web site for connecting to your Windows computer.One problem - WiFi may not work for you. This is not a problem with the Nokia phone, but with your phone service provider/company. The moment you insert your MicroSIM and power the phone on, it downloads a configuration file from your phone company. Some of them don't like you using WiFi instead of their mobile date connections, so they block WiFi (I use Orange and they do this.) The solution is simple - delete the configuration and create a new one that doesn't block WiFi. Easy-to-follow instructions found here:  [developer.nokia.com/community/wiki/Manual_internet_settings_for_Nokia_Asha_and_Series_40_phones]You will also need some technical details concerning your service provider - [my.opera.com/community/forums/topic.dml?id=111656]

The battery is new and only lasts two days. I had a nokia C3-00 and the new battery lasted 10 days

Good alternative to a smartphone. Didn't have to add Data to ATT voice plan. Its small but durable. Video Guru gave excellent service.

My personal opinion aboutWhat is great:  Corning class, basic smartphone, not bad battery life and also cheap price.What is no great: Can't download Skype, very limited appsOverall, if you need to make only call without internet this is very good phone.

ES CELULAR ES MUY PEQUE&Ntilde;O Y LA FUNCION TACTIL NO ES COMPATIBLE CON EL TAMA&Ntilde;O DE LA PANTALLA CREO QUE FUE UNA MUY MALA COMPRA :o(

The item described is not the item I got..... An internacional version doesn't mean European version... yes....  that's what I got, a Nokia Asha 311 european version, no portuguese, no spanish options. I escalated this problem to hasslefree cellphones (is it really hassle free?..) they came back giving me some directions to download a real international software version, when I followed their recommendation, in the middle of the installation, the cellphone died.... When I went back to the vendor, they said the 30 day return policy was expired... No money back, no cellphone that works.... I honestly feel bad, I don't recommend this vendor to anybody.....

I'm loving this non-smartphone. As incredible as the newest smartphone technology is, I'm not satisfied with available data plan options. Until more flexible (or cheap) options become available I'm sticking with this.PROS-There's a nice selection of APPS. I use the nokia web browser, facebook, twitter, and the opera mini browser. Plenty more available in the app store.-Good selection of games for passing the time. My favorites are angry birds and dice.-WiFi which keeps data usage lowCONS-Manual internet setup may take awhile. Instructions are readily available online though-Occassional crashes. This a very busy phone on less capable technology than smartphones. Usually refreshes itself after about thirty seconds.I'll add more to this review soon.

does what the manufacturer says quite efficiently. It's a Nokia, hence the quality is top notch.

i always have had Nokia celphone since 20 years and was always happy with them. easy to use, very resistent. perfect. small.now i was about to try out a smartphone, so i dared to buy a samsung galaxy ace as several people around me are samsung fans. why not a change?i couldnt get along with the samsung, complicated  too use, too big , dont fit in a pocket, batterie time too short, and the worst - almost no signal anywhere!! i missed so bad my old NOKIA - that i sold the samsung right away and got back to a NOKIA ASHA 311.Perfect size, fits in the smallest pocket. good signal EVERYWHERE, where other celphones dont have. EASY to use and handle and resistent. so i LOVE t over all and can recomend it. It is a international phone, works in Costa rica, spain and germany just with the sim card of the country. is a smartphone , connect to the internet, all what i need and ask from a phone for every day.

Is actual, Easy, Full Tegnology, cheap, incredible usefull but I wait a new version in dual sim and android tegnology

i have used Nokia for more than 5 years, and this is the best GSM phone they carry.if you need a phone that is quick and simple just to make phone calls and SMS, this is the phone to go. it is beautiful in design, and easy to handle.The wifi setting is just for emergency use, because the phone is slow on internet, and the interface is bad if you are used to smartphones and iPhones(i own an iPad so this phone is just fulfilling is basic function).the keyboard is sensitive to touch, and the touch screen is in high standard. I like the camera too.In all, if you just need a phone that is simple and elegant, go for this one!PS. the phone card is only 2GB instead of 4.

EL EQUIPO ES SUPER INTERACTIVO, COMODO DE MANEJAR, TAL CUAL COMO LO DESCRIBEN EN LA PAGINA, LO RECOMIENDO, PRACTICO, PEQUE&Ntilde;O Y FACIL DE LLEVAR

My LG Xpression just wasn't working for me, so I decided to get a new phone. I already had an active basic phone plan with AT&T; and didn't really want a smartphone anyway, so I did some thorough searching (thanks, PhoneArena.com!) and narrowed my choice down to either the LG Arena or the Nokia Asha 311. I couldn't find an Arena on Amazon, but they had the Asha and it was eligible for Amazon Prime! Decision made.I was a little hesitant purchasing a phone not released in the United States, but after reading reviews and checking the specs I decided to give it a chance. So far, I really like it! :)DIMENSIONS:I don't care for the way phones are getting bigger and bigger. At roughly 2&#34; x 4&#34; x 1/2&#34;, I'm very pleased with the size. It's about the same size as my old LG Xpression 2 (same as LG Extravert, Reflex, etc.) and about 1/4&#34; thinner. It's thinner than the pictures make it look.CONSTRUCTION:It's lightweight all-plastic construction feels very sturdy. Knowing the screen is covered with Corning Gorilla Glass is another touch that gives this phone a premium feel. As added precaution, I purchased the black Amzer case to protect the phone from dings and scratches.TOUCH SCREEN:The capacitive multi-touch screen is VERY responsive. In fact, it maybe even TOO responsive, but I can get used to that. The virtual keyboard is small, yes, but what do you expect from a 3&#34; screen? I have average-sized thumbs and don't have too much trouble typing. Yes, I occasionally  tap the letter next to the one I meant to enter, but it doesn't happen enough to discourage me from typing.SPEED:The 1 gHz processor in this thing is very quick! I've gone through all of the features, menus, etc. and everything loads and transitions very quickly with no lagging whatsoever that I've noticed (so far).PHYSICAL BUTTONS:Someone mentioned the side buttons in particular being hard to press, but I disagree. The side and front buttons all give a nice, firm, reassuring click when pressed.USER INTERFACE:Even though the screen is low-res and only 64k colors, it's very bright with rich, vivid color. The layout is very organized, simple and not over-complicated, and very easy to navigate and use. Some of the standout features include an FM tuner (not yet tested), e-mail client, news app, weather app, internet radio app, and a variety of games (Bejeweled, Angry Birds, dice, and more).CAMERA:At 3.2 MP, it takes photos big enough for me. The photo quality isn't the greatest, but this isn't a smartphone with high-end optics like the iPhone, Galaxy, etc. It does, however, have a decent set of features (digital zoom, burst shot, self-timer, color effects, fun frames, fun shutter sounds, grid overlay for photo composition, white balance presets, and exposure adjustment). Besides, if I want to take a quality photo, I'll use an actual camera and not a phone.==========Overall, it's a good little &#34;feature phone&#34; that definitely lives up to that description. It's loaded with features, has fast performance, a responsive screen, and solid construction. That's not to say it's perfect, however. My single biggest gripe is definitely a lack of GPS capability, but not because I need navigation. Without GPS, if I'm ever in an emergency, police and other emergency personnel will have to triangulate my position using cell towers which is slower and far less accurate than GPS. One other minor gripe is that, unless I'm overlooking the option, you can only set one alarm at a time. Ultimately, however, I'm pleased with the phone and glad I took a chance on the Nokia Asha 311. :)

Because it occasionally drops calls.When this phone drops calls I will immediately put the chip into my old phone and talk for hours.I cant say I would recommend this phone to someone I care about, because I am buying another phone now.

Muy buen tel&eacute;fono ajustado al precio, lo &uacute;nico malo es que el proveedor no cumpli&oacute; con lo especificado indicando una memoria de 4 gb y lo que vino incluida fue una memoria de 2 GB

The phones didn't bring one memory stick of 4gb, the phone was bought with a memory stick of 2gb,the description is not correct, because, the same is clear and it says what it is included one memory of 4gb and this point, apparently, is so recurrent in this seller. I am upset by this change in the product. The phone was sent with a memory of 2gb.
