
HAVE HAD THE PHONE FOR ABOUT 2 MONTHS AND I DONT HAVE A THING TO COMPLAIN ABOUT. THIS PHONE DOES ALOT AND WITH THE PROPER APPS......WOOHOO....THIS PHONE IS AN AWESOME TOOL FOR JUST ABOUT ANYTHING DIGITAL.

It was a penny, what more can I say!! Like the phone, don't like the speakerphone it picks up everything and the volume is very low and if you use the volume booster then it picks up all surrounding sounds, so that doesn't help either. Other than that, the pictures come out nice and even the pics that I transferred from my old phone, looks better on this phone.

I got my Galaxy S3 from Sprint in August of 2012. I used it stock for over a year before I finally rooted it and started trying out some custom roms. I have had absolutely no problems aside from battery drain issues from the constant use my phone gets during the day. I drive a truck and use my phone extensively for GPS guidance and looking up things on the internet. This really taxes the battery and I have bought 3 replacements over the year and a half I have had the phone. Now that Sprints 4G LTE has gone active here in the St Louis MO area the phone is even move fun to use. I recently got fed up with paying the high monthly fees on Sprint and switched my phone to Ting mobile. Ting is a Sprint Mobile Virtual Network Operator, which is to say they purchase bandwidth on Sprints network and resell it at a substantially reduced rate over Sprint. There are some things you don't get with an MVNO, such as phone subsidies or phone insurance and if your phone breaks down you can't take it to the carrier to have it fixed. It's not perfect but if you want to check it out go over to Ting.com and take a look! Otherwise I have thoroughly enjoyed my Galaxy S3, and it is still going strong. It only feels a little outdated if you compare it to some of the newer phones so I think I will keep it until the prices on the S4 or maybe the Note 3 come down to under $400. I hope this helps you people out there looking for a smartphone who can't afford the latest and greatest.

Love the Galaxy S III.  This is the third one I have purchased for my family and every loves them so much.

Defintely a step up from what I had.  My only issue is that it requires charging on a daily basis - yes, daily.  Other than that I like the phone a lot.

I got this even after the S4 was out.  Sometimes price will out way the latest and greatest features available.  The S3 is an amazing phone!

I was apprehensive about any phone that was not a slider phone because I just liked having a physical keyboard. However companies just aren't making them anymore, so the ones that are out there are one step away from being completely outdated. If I didn't keep my phones for years without upgrading I may have gotten the same old slider, but I wanted something that would last me a while and be able to withstand our rapid pace in changing technology. I talked to family and friends and even reps at different sprint stores to formulate a decision on which phone I should buy. They all had different things to say with one common factor, the Galaxy S III. Those who did not have the phone had only great things to say about it or it's because they just upgraded to the S4. I have never heard of a phone that gets so much praise with basically a free price tag. With my 2 year contract through Sprint, this phone cost me just $9.99! Granted the phone retails at the Sprint store still for $99.99, that is the reason I shop around.All in all, great phone! Had it a little over a month and loving it. Very easy to navigate, but you find new things it can do everyday!

Hello whats not to love about this phone,  enough said great product, should have bought this one over my HTC EVO LTE in the fist place.

Awesome phone and great price.  There's not much this phone can't do.  They will always be superior to the iPhone in my opinion.

i love this phone i can do anything watched tv games is not like my old android this phone work like a little ipad.

My kids absolutely love this phone and it was cheaper than the in-store price! Couldn't be more excited =) yay!

The phone is great. However, it can only get 3G or 4LTE broadband, not 4G. Sprint can only offer 3G for this phone at the present time since they don't have the 4LTE technology yet, even though they are selling this phone as if they have the latest technology.The reason I know all these is because I own the Samsung Slll and have Sprint service (bad choice).

Love my new phone

The wife got this as an upgrade and loves it. I too think it's a pretty awesome phone. I want one now....

It does everything the iphone does and about 27 more other things.  Android Jelly Bean and google now kick Apple's ass in the innovation department.  price is out of this world at $99 dollars w 2 yr contract.  Just added 64gb micro sdxc card ($60) for a total 80gb storage space.  need more battery power? How about a 4400mAh battery.  How about wireless battery charging? Yes it's coming in the next few weeks.  Outselling the iphone 4 to 1. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? This is the best phone of 2012.

no bars not good in my area no use to me here need to send it back......i caint use it

Super easy to use.  Great display with a better camera than the previous version.  And, fast.  Way better than that I-phone junk!

Really enjoying this phone. I got it fast and activated.  Everything was very smooth and easy, hassle free.  Will defenately buy from amazonwireless again

THIS PARTICULAR PHONE DOES NOT MAKE OR RECEIVE INTERNATIONAL CALLS, SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT. ALL CELLPHONE SHOULD BE ABLE TO MAKE INTERNATIONAL CALLS REGARDLESS.

I've had the phone for 3 days and going through every setting and customization possible. Screen time has been high. In order to achieve long battery life, it is important to turn off certain settings. Most importantly the connections optimization which will turn your wifi on automatically in search of a wifi connection even if you've turned wifi off. Another is the svoice. If you turn off the setting "wake up command" that is actively listening for your command when using svoice it will save you some battery power. This morning I took my phone off the charger at 6:30am and it is now 10:00pm and I'm still on the same charge. I have not connected to the charger once. I felt I would go more in depth with battery consumption as it was an important factor to me and I'm sure to many others. I have been texting Web surfing, had I heart radio on for an hour, watched some you tube videos. Made phone calls, search the Google play store, played fruit ninja for a half hour.... Like I said I've had it for 3 days and I'm trying to really test it out.Operation :The phone is very fast. It does not lag. Samsung has really out done themselves. The amount of customization is huge. From the font to optimizing the audio through hearing tests. Remember the testing at school, hearing the tones in each ear and raising your hand? The phone has that testing to optimize listening capabilities to your left ear your right ear or both. I'd say this far I have zero complaints with the phone. If you're debating getting the phone.... Don't! The battery life is great. You can customize the phone to you own interests. Get a sturdy case and you're good to go. I purchased the ballistic SG case and using the Armor Suit screen protector. This phone is now protected and not bulky, but just right.

Best phone I've ever had and at $25 you can't go wrong! Great gift or upgrade.  I've had mine for almost a year and still love it.I have now owned my phone for just over a year and still love it!

I'll most likely never buy another phone unless its a Samsung. Best OS of any Android phones by far!! GS4 maybe someday if I get an upgrade.

Got it at a steal price!!!!!!

My cell went for a swim. Needless to say I had to replace it. I had called Sprint &the rep I spoke to said look at this. Best recommendation I have ever received. My daughter has an I-phone & she likes my phone more than hers. The only thing my phone can't do is send a text to a land line.

Everything is what it was represented to be.  Arrived when promised.  I'm in my 60s and resisted buying a smart phone.  My mistake.It was natural and easy to learn to use.

I love this phone. It's lightweight and the perfect size for me. The only problem I have if that about once a week it freezes while sending texts and shows I do not have any. Once I restart it though the messages are back and it works fine again.

Great phone great price. I upgraded from the S2 and I am pleased with my purchase. The S4 will be released soon but in my opinion from viewing the specs I will stick with my S3

i love this phone to death and i really really recomend it! And if you sign up for a new contract you get it for only $29.99! Simply Amazing! thank you Samsung and Amazon! :-)

Great phone upgraded from the evo which I thought greatest phone but now after dealing with s3 and the note2 change of mind. These phones are like having your laptop on your hip.

After fiddling with both a Blackberry 9800 and Nokia Lumia 720 (on Windows Phone) for the past two years, I had finally had enough of using a mobile operating system (OS) without a good ecosystem of applications and superior specifications, so I prepared - like many people have - to make the switch to an iPhone. I would be lying if I said that price point and good advertising didn't make me consider the Samsung Galaxy S3 and Android, but in retrospect, I'm very happy I took a second look. Simply put, being very familiar with each of the major mobile OS' - Google's Android, Apple's iOS, RIM's Blackberry, and Microsoft's Windows Phone - the Samsung Galaxy S3 is the BEST smartphone money can buy and is overall superior to the experience Apple offers on the iPhone.DESIGN & FEATURESThe first impression I always get when people look at my phone is, "Wow, that's a big phone" - and until you own one, it is. The Galaxy S3's 4.8 inch screen dwarfs my 3.2" Blackberry 9800 and 4.3" Lumia 720. But, it honestly doesn't feel like such a big step up. The phone has a sexy form factor (Samsung and sexy have rarely been uttered in the same sentence before the S3); it's incredibly light, thin, and the screen size feels just right. Since I have become adjusted to the Galaxy S3, using my friends' iPhones have become a pain. While the iPhone 5 was too small and cramped to type on with confidence, the Galaxy S3's screen size was just right. Even when using the phone horizontally, typing and navigating the Galaxy S3 still feels natural.Some argue that the Galaxy S3 feels "cheap" compared to the iPhone 5, but I actually found Samsung's use of hard plastic to be much better than Apple's premium finishes. The iPhone 5 felt incredibly light and fragile (for someone like me, who drops portable devices like no tomorrow, this was a big game-changer), while the Galaxy S3 actually felt solid and durable. The hard plastic on the Galaxy S3 is incredibly deceiving, because it feels sleek and looks relatively good - Samsung did a good job on the chrome fitting that lines the sides of the phone. The only thing that's flimsy is the removable back cover, but it's no biggie.Beyond screen size, the Galaxy S3 shares just about every top-of-the-line, cutting-edge feature of its major competitors: an 8MP camera that produces gorgeous quality photos (my iPhone 4/5 friends are insanely jealous at how well the camera holds up in low-light); a front-facing camera perfect for shameless self-portraits and Skyping; a reasonable 8GB of on-board storage; very generous battery life; and superb call quality.But here's where the Galaxy S3 simply outdoes its flagship counterparts - the iPhone 5, Google/LG Nexus 4, and Nokia Lumia 920, to name a few: Samsung did THE CONSUMER a favor by including a removable battery & microSD card slot for expansion.Some claim removable batteries are incredibly overrated, but this was a godsend for me. My first Nokia Lumia 720 sustained water damage and while the phone itself was alright, the battery was destroyed. Having a removable battery allowed me to buy a new battery without having to get a new phone. Yes, insurance plans cover replacement, but require pricey deductibles for water damage. None of the Galaxy S3's competitors - not the iPhone, Nexus, or Lumia - offer a removable battery.The microSD card slot means expandable storage, which was also a game-changer. That means I can use my Galaxy S3 not just as a smartphone (for calling, texting, browsing, and using apps), but I can use it as a portable media device for all my music, movies, and photos. Carrying around a phone, mp3 player, and digital camera is simply not feasible in this day and age, so expandable storage allows me to add up to 64 GB of storage on top of the on-board 8 GB. 64 GB microSD cards run for about $60 on Amazon (I'm using a 16GB microSD card I bought for $12). The iPhone 5 and Nexus 4 don't offer expandable storage, meaning their base models are capped at a lousy 16 and 8 GB, respectively. To get 32 GB of storage on a 16 GB Galaxy S3, you only have to put out an additional $12-20. With the iPhone or Nexus, you need to put out an additional $100-$150 to even come close.THE GREAT DEBATE: ANDROID vs. iOSAndroid has come a long way since its early days; Google has done tremendous work making its mobile OS more refined, buttery fast, and - dare I say it - beautiful. With the latest build (version 4.1+) shipping with the Galaxy S3, you have an OS that is incredibly beautiful and easy to use. Apple's iOS may be beautiful in its own right, but it's hardly customizable. The iPhone 5 has a stagnant home screen where you can move apps around and organize them into folders, but you can do little else. Meanwhile, the Galaxy S3 has beautiful widgets, which can do things like display a list of appointments from your Calendar app on the home screen, give you real-time weather updates and large time information all from the home screen. Android is fully customizable, whereas with Apple, you get a very stagnant experience.Apple aficionados tout that iOS is more "user-friendly" than Android, but seeing my entire family (including my self-professed 'technologically-challenged' mother) switch to Galaxy's, I beg to differ. Although Android itself is incredibly easy to use, Samsung makes it even easier with TouchWiz, a special version of the OS exclusive to Samsung's line of Android phones. The pull-down notification bar not only displays new notifications from all of your applications, but it also displays key aspects of the phone (e.g. Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, Airplane Mode) that you can toggle on and off with ease. It's great to be able to toggle these features on-and-off, especially when dealing with a low battery (Wi-Fi can be a killer).The only discernible advantage iOS has over Android is in the app world, but it's not significant enough to make a difference for the average user. New apps tend to make it to iOS months before Android. Still, with the vast majority of popular apps - Facebook, Instagram, Angry Birds, Skype, etc. - on both platforms and broadcasting updates to both near-simultaneously, you can hardly tell. Google offers applications, movies/TV shows (for rent and purchase), e-books, and magazines via the easy-to-use Play Store, which has been a blast to use.Google offers services Apple simply can't compete with. The silky-smooth Chrome browser, GMail application, and a host of Google apps - Google Drive, Google Maps, etc. - are built-in and fully integrated with Android. Given that Apple can't even seem to make its own Maps application right (prompting millions to flock to the new Google Maps application for iPhone), having a Galaxy S3 is a total win. Now, Microsoft's Windows Phones offer incredible integration with Microsoft's services as well, but very few of us use Bing to search, SkyDrive for cloud storage, or Outlook for mail. Google Now comes right out of the box, a beautiful voice command experience that uses the power of the Google search. Google Now is not only better at picking up voice commands than Siri, but it is fully integrated with Google search in the event that your voice companion is clueless. Samsung includes the similar S-Voice on the Galaxy S3, which I've found to be relatively useless (and now, unnecessary, given the power of Google Now).THINGS TO NOTE* Having come to Sprint from T-Mobile, where wi-fi calling/texting was a savior on my Blackberry and Nokia Lumia, I realize that Sprint doesn't seem to allow for wi-fi calling/texting. It may be device-specific, but this was a letdown.* Google and Samsung have been pretty hush-hush about syncing Android devices with iTunes for easy music transfers, but it exists! Easy Phone Sync, Samsung Kies, and Google Play Music Manager are all incredible options to sync music/content from iTunes without a hassle.* The Galaxy S3 is offered on essentially every major carrier, so if you get spotty service with Sprint (or notice poor coverage in your area), I'd recommend the S3 on a different carrier.* Androids don't have group messaging enabled out of the box, which is a pain when communicating with your iPhone-obsessed friends, but apps like Go! SMS fix the problem and even let you use 'emoji,' which are apparently a big hit.This is just an amazing phone and in my opinion, the best smartphone money can buy! Samsung has finally made an Android phone worth obsessing over; this is truly a game-changing phone and it's setting the bar for technological advancements in slim packages in the future!PROS+ Large, beautiful screen in a thin, sexy form factor+ Durable, solid phone that doesn't feel cheap+ Expandable storage (microSD) and a removable battery - unheard of on comparable flagship phones like the iPhone 5+ Gorgeous camera that is a pleasant surprise in low light+ Fully integrable with Google's awesome services - everything from GMail and Chrome to Drive and Maps+ The smoothest, most beautiful, user-friendly Android phone to date+ Great voice search on Google Now & the power of the Google Play Store for apps/multimedia+ Unbeatable price point (retails at $50-100 cheaper than the iPhone, sometimes $200 cheaper than the Google Nexus 4)CONS- No wi-fi calling/texting on Sprint- No group messaging options- Flimsy back cover- The size can take somewhat of an "adjustment period" for some users

can't really compare this phone to other smart phones, but i love it! easy to use, fun, great features and very attractive. love the big screen, the camera is amazing.

I always have liked samsung phones and the AMOLED screens. This phone is pretty solid as usual. It freezes every once in a while, but not too bad and that could be issues with the carrier firmware. All in a good phone for a good price.

Samsung Galaxy 3 is a great phone.  My daughters both love the phone and all of the features that the phone offers.  The phone is exactly as described in the description,  They both chose the white phone which is milk white with a silver trim.  The product was delivered as promised in 2 days.  Great phone and I would recommend it to everyone.

Tamela is a national treasure that gives her heart to Costa Rica. Ticos be proud.  This is a great song!

I love my phone this is the best phone I have ever owned, awesome you wont need another for a long time.

Much better than the s2, screen is more vivid and battery life is not extreme but it's way better than other smartphones out right now.

Pro: Price is decent.  Screen is very good.  Have a lot of apps that we like.  Be able to play flash (FLV format) while our iPad 3 could not do, upgradable storage space (MicroSD card).Con: Short battery life, won't read foreign font (iPad 3 could do it), bad reception due to Sprint network.  At home, we have a very weak Sprint signal so we have to use our WiFi signal to get to Internet.Overall, its price is decent and it plays a lot of multimedia files.  Primarily we picked this Galaxy due to its support of FLV files...

Love it! This product is amazing. Get it - not the iPhone. It is fast and very, very awesome. Doesn't slow down, great apps, awesome android access and Samsung plus items.

super fast delivery, phone in perfect condition, in love with all the features. upgraded from the galaxy s to the III. cant beat that price either!

I bought this for my grand daughter and she absolutely loves it.so I bought her the hello kitty case as well.

The phone us great when it fully charged. The charger didn't work so we g ad to buy a new charger.

Kept crashing while using the phone (8-9 times in a day). Picture quality of the camera cannot compared with the iphone 4s that I had.  Iphone's camera has way better picture quality.  I could have kept my iphone.

this phone works great , fits all my needs . easy to operate but a little large for my taste

Nothing much to say about the phone cause its a great phone and meets my expectations, it lives up to its hype.

Well people around world have created a hype for this piece of cr*p. Since I have got this device there has not been a single daywhen I have liked it. in fact I had the worst possible combination (Galaxy + Sprint).  Anyways Galaxy is a s***ty phone and there could not be a worse mobile operating system than android.

The phone works great, it meets or beats almost everything out there.....Its Case is NOT.I got my phone a few days after Christmas, by new years day I already had cracked the bottom right glass corner. The phone slipped from my shorts while I was sitting in my adirondack  chair watching the fire works with my kids on new years eve. It fell less than six inches. SIX INCHES.... Cracked from dropping it SIX inches.Since the glass is so close to the edge there is no buffer for the supposedly indestructible Gorilla Glass. Yeah, sure it is..The back of the phone is so slick it is prone to sliding out of you pocket, off your car seat, you name it.I must have dropped my Droid Incredible a dozen times, and it never once cracked. This Samsung GSIII is so fragile I'm sure if I sneezed on it, it would shatter.Too bad Samsung put the burliest guts in the worst package. If you even think you may at one time drop the phone, if you have kids that like to grab your phone, stay away from this phone. I'm not sure even an otter-box case could save it if you dropped it.Worst Phone EVER...... Thanks for nothing Samsung.On the other hand I used AMZ Wireless to switch carriers, and man they were FANTASTIC. Got the phones quickly, they walked me through the steps, and gave me a great deal. Too bad the phone didn't live up to it's hype.

Hard to navigate swiftly. Also while talking and holding phone it is easy to cut the connection by inadvertently hitting side button.

myself also my girlfriend to enjoy on the Sprint network as an upgrade w/our contract renewal. They work fantastic and are so much faster than our old outdated HTC's that simply just didn't fit our needs nor hectic lifestyle anymore. Also one just can't beat the price of $20 for both of these units!.Another couple reasons I bought this Samsung S3 phone(s) is the SDHC-memory slot and the replaceable battery features!. (GOOD LUCK and hope this helps)

I waited a long time and compared many different phones before deciding on this one. I am 100 percent happy with all aspects of this phone ;)

Love love love! I had the galaxy s2 that was stolen from me so when looking for a replacement I knew I was going for another galaxy. The s3 is amazing.

There's something to be said for plans with phone upgrades. If you like the phone that you have and its features meet your needs, then you can keep it. But if it's not doing what you need, then you can dump it and move on to something better. In my case, the old one was locking up every few days, and it was time to move on.I've owned thisSamsung Galaxy S III 4G Android Phonefor almost three months now, which is plenty of time for someone to get used to it and explore all of what it can do. This choice was a result of doing a lot of research over the months to upgrade time, research that paid off as this has turned out to be a good one. Had looked at about a dozen possible upgrades, from the iPhone 5 to the HTC EVO, and doing actual hands-on usage locally. In the end, it was the Galaxy S3 that worked best for my particular needs. Here's a short synopsis of the highs and lows for those who just want the key points, followed by a more in-depth look.&#9670; Pros:+ Excellent design & display; 4.8" Super AMOLED touchscreen is noteworthy, brilliant+ Superb performance; 1.5GHz dual-core processor performs well, even on 3G speeds+ Excellent battery life; 2100 mAh Li-ion battery lasts throughout the day; long talk time+ Memory expandable; microSD card slot, supports extra cards up to 64GB+ Rear facing digital camera; 8MP burst mode plus full HD 1080p video capture+ Full customization; set it up the way that you like, to fit your needs+ 2GB of base RAM; adds overall speed as the new S4 chipset uses dual-channel RAM+ Removable battery; replaceable Li-ion batteries with NFC antenna are readily available+ Excellent media management; media and Android apps are readily available+ First rate email options; Samsung and Gmail clients installed out of the box+ Very good text messaging; configurable in a number of ways+ Excellent availability of apps; Appstore for Android & Google's Play Store have them all&#9670; Cons:- Samsung's Siri competitor, S Voice, could stand some work&#9670; First Impressions:When I ordered this phone here on Amazon, I called Sprint to see what their deal was as an upgrade. The funny part was that the Amazon price was better than the Sprint price direct, but the service rep stayed with me online for a number of minutes, stepping me through the details of the order, my plan, etc. Should note that I've been a Sprint subscriber for over nine years now, and only once did I have a disagreement with them over a minor billing issue, which they corrected in my favor. That's service, and why I'm still with them.The phone arrived about two days later, and when un-boxed, there was the Galaxy S III handset, a 2100 mAh Li-ion rechargeable battery, the charger, a USB cable, and a quick start guide. Immediately charged the battery following the directions, then turned it on and began to explore. Within the first half hour, I came first to the Appstore for Android here and downloaded theLookout Mobile Securitybased on experience with the similar product for the Kindle Fire. With all of the spyware and malware out there, even on Android devices, this was the first app loaded, and it took under 60 seconds to download and about two minutes to set up. There were others, but this one had priority.&#9670; In Use:Though it has a large 4.8" Super AMOLED touchscreen, at barely &#8531;" the phone is deceptively thin, and subjectively felt even a bit fragile. That was cured with the addition of a sturdyOtterBox Prefix Series Hybrid Casein carbon, which added enough thickness and rubberized protection to make it a good feel. The addition of aSanDisk Ultra 16GB MicroSDHC Class 10 UHS-1 Memory Cardinstantly doubled the memory, and at a far greater savings than getting the 32GB version of this phone. And although I've found this phone to be highly efficient as far as battery life goes, after surviving Hurricane Sandy in NYC last October, getting a pair of backup Galaxy S3 2100 mAh replacement batteries here also made good sense.It's hard to not talk about the screen, as even after a few months of use, it's still beautiful and very functional. It's as good as those in the Galaxy Note and HTC One X, and a big jump above the Galaxy S2. Mine came with Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean) embedded out of the box, with its new improvements, so there's a range options when it comes to notification management and such. One can easily get rid of anything that isn't wanted by simply swiping the alert left or right. But keep in mind that my remarks here are based on the current configuration, and Android updates happen.The Smart Stay feature is a good one, as the screen remains bright as long as you're looking at the phone, then dims instantly when you're not looking at it, saving the battery. It does this by using the front-facing camera in the Galaxy S III. But S Voice, which is Samsung's answer to Apple's Siri feature, is nowhere near Siri level for those who have used it. It's fun in some respects; you can do simple tasks, such as going to Facebook, opening the calendar, making an appointment or playing a specific song or playlist, but it still needs a bit of work.The contacts feature is good, where each becomes tagged with a photo from either Google, Facebook or one that you've added in yourself. You can assign a dedicated ringtone plus a dedicated buzz pattern, so each person or company is recognizable in your pocket. And calling on the Galaxy S III is exceptional. It's noise reduction is top notch, and even walking on a city street while talking, it's one of the best that I've encountered. It has an 'extra volume' setting that really does boost the volume from the earpiece.Bluetooth connectivity is excellent, and both myPlantronics Voyager Legendand older Voyager PRO Bluetooth headsets have produced some of the clearest sounds from a headset yet. I've walked down a hallway and into other rooms while the Galaxy S III was still at my desk, and the caller on the other end had no clue.For email, there are two options out of the box: the standard Samsung client where you add your email address, or Gmail. The Samsung client has a decent layout, and offers the option to see your email standard chronological order, or grouped together as conversations. Moving from one email to another is done by swiping, and works quite well once you're used to it. But HTML files don't display automatically. The Gmail client offers more options, such as labeling (tagging), archiving and sync options. Luckily there's a choice.Regarding Internet access, the Galaxy S III is great, especially if you're in an area running 4G LTE, yet performance isn't lacking in 3G areas. Web pages show up in clear and crisp formations. The Chrome browser is enabled on this phone, so that means that synchronized bookmarks from your PC or Mac work provided you're signed into Google, and this works very well. You can browse using incognito mode in the same way as Chrome on the PC or Mac, and you can also save pages for off-line reading in those areas where you'll be stuck without a signal, such as a subway. All things considered, the Galaxy S III has to be one of the best Internet phones on the market, and from personal experience, is even better than the iPhones. Your experiences may be different in your geographic area.The Galaxy S III has to be one of the best messaging devices around, and offers a large number of ways to talk to communicate the way Android phones have been doing for years; you can email, SMS, message and IM all from within the phone. The messaging system offers yellow and blue conversation text bubbles (which can be changed), and you can also check to see if your Android-powered friends are online through a little green dot next to their name in the contact list. There's also the ChatON app as standard, which is Samsung's version of BBM (BlackBerry Messenger) and is designed to allow you to communicate to others on Samsung devices with the app installed in a secure and private fashion.The rear-facing 8MP digital camera offers burst mode plus full HD 1080p video capture, and the speed with which very sharp can be taken came as a surprise. There's zero shutter lag, and the  burst allows you to take about 20 sequential photos in a row at around 10 per second, which is great for action sequences. There are a number of options that should be explored, such as the Best Shot option, which lives up to its name. If you're a photographer, this one will surprise you with the picture quality, and there are many excellent apps that work superbly with the Galaxy S III's 8MP digital camera. The front-facing camera has a decent is closing in on being a decent 1.9MP sensor, and is capable of taking reasonable self portraits for those so inclined.Video recording is quite streamlined and easy. It defaults to 1920 x 1080 video, better than many others, and there are plenty of options to play with. It will record at 30fps, and you can adjust other options, such as white balance and vibration reduction. There's no option for slow motion video, but that wasn't surprising. It still gives you a good tool for video recording. Zooming in and out is there; just pinch to zoom to get a larger or smaller image.The Galaxy S III is quite an impressive media mobiles you can find, but the 16GB version may cramp your style if that's your orientation. Luckily it's not a huge issue because of the microSD card slot, which supports extra cards up to a total of 64GB. This is where the iPhone and and others fall woefully short, so check the specs on others that you may be considering. Expandable memory is a good thing. Add to that, Samsung has jumped most of the competition by offering 50GB of Dropbox storage, so if you're running out of space, you're probably doing something wrong.The music player offers first rate quality of sound, with even tonal quality. The range of equalizer settings is quite impressive, though one needs to experiment a bit to find which is best. Some seem quite similar to other, but the differences in quality between 'rock' and 'dance' are probably a good place to start, especially with a set of headphones.&#9670; Note:This Galaxy S III was bought here on Amazon as an upgrade. My previous phones had been from BlackBerry, but my last, the Curve 9330 had turned out to be a mobile disaster, with constant resets, shutdowns and a myriad of other issues. Sprint support had been very good throughout the time that I had it, but jut when things seemed to be right, something else went wrong. The Galaxy SIII had been recommended by not just other users, but a couple of internal Sprint techs as being one of the best choices in terms of overall reliability, performance and user satisfaction. They were right, as were most of the better reviews that I had come across. Results and experiences may vary from one person to another, but one reason my satisfaction with this Android device may be due to the fact that I took the time to read the manual completely, and from that I learned a lot.Currently this phone isn't getting 4G LTE service in my area, but the 3G connectivity has been exceptionally good and very reliable, with fast 'Net access, excellent voice call quality and top-notch performance across the board. Will be looking forward to 4G LTE connectivity when it's turned on in my area later this year.This review will be 'dynamic' and by that I mean that it will be updated from time to time as may be warranted. Good finds in apps and accessories will be noted in the comment if they're worth sharing.&#9670; Bottom Line:ThisSamsung Galaxy S III 4G Android Phonehas been an excellent choice, and the fact that it's running Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean), which has been an first-rate operating system paired with the 1.5 GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor. The overall design is quite good, and some have called it the best Android smartphone on the market. It offers every kind of feature this picky user could ask for and more. Battery life, processor speed and media management are first-class, and the ability to upgrade memory with microSD cards bumped it to the top over the iPhone and other competitive phones. In terms of power, functionality and usability, this one is a 5-star winner. Highly recommended, as it lives up to the hype... and more.3/31/2013

Granted it's not the most recent Galaxy device, but it's still good hardware. If you're not overly concerned with having the latest and greatest, this phone will definitely suit your needs.

Wow great phone!  After a month or so, I got my 1st bill and Sprint had added tons of extra fees. When I called and told the rep that I was shocked with the extra charges, the rep asked me to hold as he transferred me to someone that can help.  I was shocked when they answered "Sprint Cancelations, can I help you?"

I just recieved this phone since we switched from Verizon. First off, the 2 day shipping was a major plus. So far the phone is great, only issue is S Voice sometimes does not connect right. Another issue is download speeds are slow compared to verizon, which I have to get used to because verizon have 4gLTE.

I have been a long time user of Samsung phones, from some of the first touch screens, to pre touch screen mp3 player/phone mix. I have also dabbled in other markets such as HTC. I love the GSIII!! I lost my Galaxy SII and decided to go with the 3 because I will be deploying soon and I thought it would be better to just get the 3 now and upgrade again later. The 3 will not disappoint at the upgrade price. The 720p screen looks amazing. I shot a video of my dog outside messing around and my wife couldn't believe the quality. Camera is pretty good as well.

The phone is fine.  It might seem like a good deal at first, but they bait user with lower fees then change the rate during the contract period (yeah, I known, they hide behind their agreement stated they can change the term). They shouldn't even call this a contract.  Search around and you will see why they are so evil.  My plan was changed 4 times during the 2 year contract.Image you rent a call for a week and during the middle of the week, the rental car company called and say they are raising your contracted rate by 50% because it's stated in the contract that allow them to change the rate.Truly evil company

Fast Shipping. Everything came in the box as perfectly new. No complaints. Bought 3 together for my family and they all work great.

Pay no attention to dim-witted "reviewers" on here. Couple of them rated the phone low because the policy did not satisfy them and they did not even have the phone yet. Losers.Awesome phone and Apple has a lot to learn from Samsung. Samsung is outselling them and the #1 phone maker here and globally.Wanna try it before you commit? Most cell co's will give you 30 days to back out or trade for another phone when you get new service.********IMPORTANT: If you review a product online, be sure your review is about the product alone. Not about the price, your incompetence in understanding marketing or what you think about the item you just saw in a photo.

Amazon guarantees free 2 day shipping, but I got it in a day (a MAJOR plus). I got the phone and it was in perfect condition. It does not come with a micro SD card (I forgot to read the fine print), but it does come with earphones. The battery life isn't the best, but it's nothing I would complain about. A car charger and extra batteries are probably going to be necessary. Other than that, this phone runs really smoothly and its interface is amazing! I switched over from an HTC Evo (the first one that came out) and I hated the phone with a burning passion. My Evo was slow, heavy, bulky, and frustrating. This phone runs really fast, is super light (I mean like a feather), and is really slim. There are comparisons between the plastic back of the S3 and the nice smooth feel of the iPhone 4S and 5. Honestly, to me, the S3 doesn't feel cheap. It's smooth and shiny. If no one ever pointed out the plastic backing, I wouldn't have even noticed it. Because it's so slim and light, I feel like I can snap it in two, but this thing seems pretty study. I love it so far!Edit: I've been using this phone for 2 months now and the battery lasts me throughout the whole day. However, I do turn off my mobile data and WiFi when I don't use it. On my average day, the battery is great. On a day where I'm really active with my phone, I bring an extra batery along just in case.

Lol, $500 for this phone, i got mine on eBay with a bad ESN for sprint for $185. this phone contains amazing software, that is rootable, and rom-able. i love the color and the size, but you definitely want a case, besides the very light feeling, the plastic is not very nice in feel, especially when it gets hot, which is common, when tasking allot of programs...  you really dont need service for this phone to be fun!! but its kinda reccomended, also this flashes easily to BOOSTMobile if you want a much cheaper brand of choice. i never really liked touchwiz, so i installed the jellybam rom, currently 9.1 dosnt work with the camera so just get 8.3 if the s-features dont suit you, i liked them alittle, but i didnt see it worth not having a rom. But this phone also supports 1080p video and 64GB of external storage!! so whatever your gonna do with it, just get this phone, its totally worth it.

As a teenager, I use up a ton of battery, and this phone is perfect! It has amazing battery life! The screen is also so responsive. Love the glass! This phone is so fast at sending pictures (4g LTE is amazing!). The camera is mind blowing! has cool features like panoramic and low light which is a huge plus! I couldn't be any happier with this phone. There is nothing I don't like.Overall, amazing battery, non scratch glass, response is amazing, and has an amazing camera.

Hardware: The phone doesn't feel as cheap as some people make it out to be. It isn't premium material either, but it isn't total crap. I love being able to remove the battery, and that it has a microSD card slot. The home button on my Galaxy S3 feels broken, I mean it functions properly, but it is too flush with the device. It doesn't rise a bit like a button should - it bothers me. Although I came from an iPhone, so I should be used to a flush home button...The volume and power buttons are great however, and I'm glad the microusb charger slot is at the bottom, with the 3.5 mm headphone jack on top - perfect!Speaker: Not great at all. Wish the speaker was at the bottom of the phone, so it isn't muted when you put the phone down. It is OK in terms of loudness when it isn't being covered however. Better than my iPhone 4S, in my opinion.Camera: Great!! Wow, I did not expect the low light quality of the pictures, they look fantastic. The auto focus works well, and pictures look great overall.Software: This is why I said the phone is great, if rooted. TouchWiz is awful. I can't imagine how some people deal with it. First thing I did was root it and install Cyanogenmod 10 I recommend everyone do this. Get a friend who can do it for you if you're not able to. Trust me. You do not want TouchWiz over the pure Android experience.Closing: If like me, you're able to buy a new phone, either by upgrade or new customer, and you don't have enough money for the new Galaxy S4 or HTC One, then BUY THIS PHONE NOW. You will be very happy, trust me.

Lets not put $50 on! Then when you click on it it says 500! Wtf!! That's not a gimic or anything

This phone is amazing compared to my old EVO 4G (the first evo). There is just one thing I never saw mentioned in any of the reviews or videos for this phone. If you're using OS X, you will need to install additional software to transfer files to this phone.  It's a program called Android File Transfer.  You will find the program at android.com/filetransfer or just google search Android File Transfer and it will be the first link at the top.This program just opens a window that you drag and drop files to. Nothing complicated, but normal keyboard shortcuts seem to not work with this program. Copy and paste keyboard shortcuts do not work like usual, and I wasn't able to figure out what keys they have assigned to it if any. Delete is just "cmd + delete".Also if you do have a file you're trying to copy and paste there is no option when you right click (control click) to paste it. You need to drag and drop files into the window. When you right click (control click), your only options are "new folder", and "delete".

It is my wife's new smart phone & she says she loves it. Best price anywhere! Easy set up procedure.

I upgraded from the evo 4g. It is a much better phone than the EVO. Battery life is alot better alot more space with 16 GB of storage. and alot faster. battery life could be better but usually lasts about 9 hours with my playing on it.

It  came  on time, 3  days later.  Everything was included, as if I went to a  retailer.  The phone works perfectly 2 months later.

I am really enjoying all of the features and apps. I 'm leaning new  things daily. This phone is great!

I bought this phone for my son.  I have a Galaxy III, which I love, so decided to get my son one when his broke.  Absolutely no issues with this phone.  It arrived in a timely manner and we didn't have any problems when we took it to the Sprint store to activate it.

I got a great deal on this phone and I love it! It does everything I want (e-mail, phone, texting, camera) quickly and easily. Love it!

This phone is advertised as $49 with a 2 year contract. What bull. This phone is $49 with a NEW customer 2 year contract. Otherwise, even with a 2 year renewal, it is $99.  What a joke.  Black Friday is in 3 days and almost every single place around has this phone for $49 with a 2 year RENEWAL (not brand new) contract.1 star is for the deal/price, NOT the phone.

I am a techie.  Features, functionality and customization are important to me.You can find reviews all over the internet about how awesome this phone is.  I would say they are correct.  I'm going to focus on, what I see as, the negatives.  If these things are not a deal breaker for you... Get this phone!-No more usb mass storage.When the phone is connected to a computer you no longer see a hard.  Instead you see a media device this can be very problematic for Mac and Linux users. I am on Windows so I can live with it but I believe it reduces the versatility of the phone. also the MTP transfer method is noticeably slower than the usb mass storage connection.-Home screen scrollingScrolling through home screens never ends. On my Epic 4G I could scroll to the left it would stop, I could scroll to the right it would stop. But now I never get to the end, it just loops back to the other side.  I called Sprint and they told me it can't be changed.  To be fair, my wife likes it better.-No texting when on a callJust tried this today.  It didn't work.

The multi-screen tab on the left takes some getting used to. It seems to show up where I want to type. I'd definitely recommend the S3!

I came from an HTC Evo to the Galaxy S III Android phone through Sprint.  I considered the Galaxy 4 phone, but at the time the IV was brand new and there were not a lot of positive reviews for it.  The Android OS was also very important to me, as I started out with an Apple product, and I much prefer the Android apps.I am very pleased with the appearance and function of this new phone.  I really like the ease with which I can text, using auto-completion.  It's much easier and faster than my old phone.  The camera is much improved, and I am still learning many of the new features of this phone.  All in all, I am glad I made the switch.

First I got the phones at an awesome price. Although I had three orders cancelled with Amazon, I got a price match at best buy for the phone. I purchased two phones for the amazon price of $9.99 each, at the time. So the total was $21.33. In turn best buy's current promotion was free $50 gift card for activating a samsung phone. Since I activated two, I got 2 $50 gift cards. As the salesperson, activated the phone, I walked over to take a look at the otterbox cases. I picked out a defender case fo my boyfriend and a communter case for myself, one white S3 and a blue S3 phone and with $3.75 left on a gift card.On to the phone...........it is awesome, I learn something new on it everyday. Everyone ask to see my phone all the time.

I love it. Its a great phone.  Thin, light weight,  fits in pocket easy.  Its also easy to use. Delivery wss quick!

I really love my Samsung g 3, it looks like a mini iPad but the battery life really sucks but other than that its beautiful and works very well...

It is my understanding that the ice cream sandwich operating system does not support adobe flash. So, dont be surprised when you visit your favorite website and you cannot steam the video. Just a fair warning

great thank you.it was right on time.just like they said it would be.i havent had any problems with it.thanks again

The phone is exactly as described an works perfectly. also the price was way cheaper than through the carrier would have been

The phone is great may not be the newest of galaxy phones, but it you don't need all the hand motions this is perfect phone and alot cheaper than newest model.

Honestly if it wasn't for me buying it from Amazon and it being such a PAIN IN THE BUTT to return and get the contract cancelled I would have taken it back. HOWEVER in another persons view. My Mom didn't like it at first but after a couple weeks of using it she is Very happy. Soo that being said....Not seeing what the big deal is with samsung. My old HTC EVO would be better if it wasn't 3 years old and couldn't connect to the newer networks LOL. The poor design of the home key lets a bunch of dirt get in between the screen and cover if your using the OTTER BOX or alike case since there is a hole for the key that should just have been a regular touch key like everyone else.For one The bluetooth 1 touch dialing won't work on the Galaxy S3 unless you have your internet on(my old EVO you didn't need the internet to do a 1 touch call on bluetooth. The experts now a days suggest not staying conected to the internet unless you are activily using it do to the security threats now a days so since I generally keep my mobile network off for battery use andsecurity I can't use my one touch blue tooth to dial.Second the range on the Blue tooth of my EVO was upto 70ft with obstructions and with my S3 it's about 20ft.Other then that I guess it's ok.

Phone has not acted right since it arrived. Luckly I put insurance on it through my carrier. I have a new one arriving this week. Won't charge/ battery last 45 mines, gets really hot.

Awesome deal! Glad I picked this one.Everyone should have /try this phone. Good luck all.Have a great day

I really love this phone. I had doubts about this phone because I already had the SII, but the SIII is faster in response. It is a little bigger, but I adapted to it and I really love it. Buying it before Christmas, I was able to get a really good deal on the phone. Wireless Amazon seems to have a better price on the phones than other places.I did have an issue with the shipment. I love the fact that Amazon will ship free in two days, but they use a carrier that never shipped to my residence. I had 3 electronic devices ship from Amazon though Ontrac. All 3 shipments I went to their local warehouse and pick my purchase up because they seem to have an issue delivering to my residence. It will say that it is being delivered just to find that it went back to their warehouse instead. This 3rd item, the Samsung Galaxy Siii, I went to pick it up at their warehouse because it never was on the truck for delivery and I found out that they lost it in their warehouse. Luckily, the phone replacement shipped via UPS which shipped in one day and was no problem at all. Ontrac is a horrible delivery service, but if it wasn't for Amazon's excellent customer service and using UPS to ship for the replacement phone, I would go elsewhere; but it's Amazon that keeps me buying from their website. Thank you.

Very easy to learn how to use it I love all the featuresDon't like the huge size of the carrying caseI use for work and for pleasure--I get pictures, emails and play games if I wantI have never used a phone that had so many featuresthe quality of this phone is more than I expectedIt cost me less than any other phone I have ever purchased and I can do more things on it then ever beforeI like the camera feature the best I use t for work all the time

I Bought The S3 with a new Verizon contract. 1st it was $50.00 cheaper to buy on Amazon than any retail store or Verizon store. the rest of my family got the Iphone S4 which just by looks alone I made the right decision and I am so happy with the size and weight I love the apps.(hubby thought so too) I love that the S3 has incredible camera and video 1080hp. I love the accessories on amazon store so much cheaper than Apple. Samsung has video clips on playshare to help learn how to use the phone &#9829;

Just cracked my 2nd Samsung Galaxy S3 from a small drop:  dog knocked the phone off from about table height and the phone landed on our faux hardwood floor.  Screen now has a spiderweb crack on the top right corner.  Of course, customer service refuses to stand by their product, even on a minor drop.  I'm starting to wonder if Samsung really uses Gorilla Glass as I have never had another gorilla glass phone break like these.I know Samsung phones are known to be fragile, but this is too much.  I've dropped a Sony, iPhone, and Huawei before.  Only the cheap Huawei cracked like the Samsung.  Time to look for something a little better built.

It's been about 3 weeks and so far everything is going well. The phone came very quick and the upgrade process was pretty smooth. If you complain enough Sprint might even waive the activation fee. I gave the phone 4 stars pretty arbitrarily based only on how much I like _using_ it and how it works _now_ since i haven't gotten too deep into it and also because for me, the quality of a phone is mostly based off of how long it lasts without starting to break or act funny so we shall see!

My husband loves his S3. He has lots more room and can play online games with his phone, keep up with fb and everything.

Love this phone! I have had no problems with it and it runs perfectly.  The screen is beautiful and it takes amazing photo's! I love the freedom with android apps! I was able to upload all my itunes library onto it with no problems and it was fast! Great buy!

Love the GS3.  The only bummer is having it with Sprint where I can't silence the shutter sound on the camera.  It's SO easy to use, and the camera takes beautiful pictures.

I am so glad I went with the Galaxy SIII for my upgrade. Mind you, the phone I had before was a Google Nexus S 4G. I must say that this is one HELL of an upgrade. Seriously. Just go over and look at the specs of that phone and you'll understand why. Sure, I could have gone with the S4, but honestly, this one is still a great contender, plus I have heard that the S4 has a lot of problems. I decided to go with a more solid product that's been out for a while already, and is still selling like hotcakes. So anyway, things I love about this phone:-It runs very smoothly and is very responsive.-Since installing a new memory card and transferring all my files to the card, the phone is even FASTER than before. I think the memory card is definitely a must. Amazon has great deals on high-performance memory cards.-It has a great design, I do not get the sense that this is a cheap phone at all, like some have said.-I can't believe I'm saying this about an Android phone, but the battery life is GREAT on this phone.-LTE reception and overall service reception is definitely fantastic; I have all my bars pretty much everywhere I go. I am even able to get 4G LTE in my home, was unable to do that with my older phone.-It has optional expandable memory. My old phone did not have this feature, just 16 gigs of internal memory and that was it.-Went from a 1.0ghz processor to a 1.5ghz Quadcore Cortex-A9. Not bad, not bad.-Better camera. Went from 5MP to 8MP. Sure, the S4 has a 14MP, but I have a regular digital camera for all that, so it's not necessary to have that on a phone, at least for me.-Very nice user-interface. Even if you're new to smartphones, it has plenty of built-in guides to help you navigate throughout your phone with ease.-cool features like S beam, hand gestures, S voice (seriously, it's awesome), things like that.-Bigger Screen, plays videos very crisp and clear. Also records 1080p high-definition video.-Camera actually has a self-timer, a feature that was absent on my old phone. Now I can take selfies with my back camera if I want, and it not be awkward since I have a chance to get into position for the photo.-I can't stress enough about the battery life. Despite what I have heard from other reviewers, the battery life on this thing is fantastic. I find that I probably will not need the gorilla gadget for quite some time. I find it close to impossible to run the stock battery out as it is. If you baby the battery and charge the phone ONLY when the battery is at 10% or less (I usually let it get to less than 5% though), I guarantee you will get better performance out of your battery, rather than charging it when it still has a substantial amount of juice in it. In fact, I find that each day, it actualy becomes harder and harder to run this battery down and I have put it through very heavy use on purpose before several times. It also charges from 0% to 100% in only 2 hrs, not bad. So I really can't understand people's stance on the battery life. You very well could have just gotten a defective item, or are not taking proper care of your battery. With my old phone, it never charged to 100%. I could charge it all night, and I'd be lucky if I could get it to 89%. Horrible, and it would start depleting from the moment I unplugged it. Not this phone, though. I am still grasping my head around the fact that I have an Android phone with a great battery life. Never thought I'd be saying Android and good battery life in the same sentence.**Should also add that Amazon more than exceeded expectations with the shipping process! I got my phone a full two days earlier than expected! I ordered on a Wednesday morning and received it Thursday afternoon, even though the delivery date said Saturday! Very good.** There were a couple issues I had initially with trying to order this phone, Amazon kept cancelling the order even though my account was eligible for an upgrade and in good standing. Found out that it was because Amazon kept registering my number and account as prepaid for some reason, even though it's always been contract as long as I have had that phone number, and for as long as I have had Sprint. But, once the issue was solved and I was put at ease by the Customer Service Rep, all was well in the world.*** I was debating with myself on whether or not to get the Purple one instead, but went with this white one, because I was thinking in terms of what happens once I'm ready to sell it at the next upgrade.Things that could have been better:-It is a bit awkward to hold in my hand, I have to operate it using two hands otherwise I run a high risk of dropping it. Guess my hands are not as big as I thought they were afterall lol. **Update: I have solved this problem by getting a really nice carrying case for this phone.I think this is the only real issue I had, but hey it's the closest thing to perfect and I wouldn't change anything else about this phone.If you are debating on whether or not you should take advantage of the deal Amazon's got going for this phone, I'd say that if you are eligible for an upgrade or getting with Sprint for the first time, the S3 is still a very solid choice, even a year after it's been out. I can guarantee the price is not dropped due to being a bad phone, it is because a newer model came out, every time a newer model of a phone comes out, the older model gets cheaper. That's just the way it works. The S4, supposedly a great phone, will also get cheaper as time wears on. Anyway, it's a fast, responsive, reliable and great looking phone that I use often since I conduct a lot of my business through my phone and the internet and I needed something reliable when I'm on the go, so this fits the bill quite nicely and then some. Overall, I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a new nice phone on a great deal (I basically only had to pay sales tax) whether you are joining Sprint for the first time, or are looking to upgrade.

I bought this phone for my mom for her bday she loves it it's a great phone and amazon had it at an amazing price I couldn't beat thanks!!

I love this phone!

Easily the best smartphone I've had yet. And I've had quite a few. Love Anroid? Get the S3. You won't regret it.

Everything works as expected - solid performance for a great price!  This is my daughter's first phone and she loves it!

Love it, it's a big improvement on my last phone but at the same time my older phone had some functions that this one doesn't despite it being 2 years older. But any problem I had I find apps to fix it.Good battery life, nice screen size.Overall I do recommend it thoroughly.

This phone is wonderful, the features are great the speed is wonderful.  Ended up ordering another one for a phone that was not ready for an upgrade yet (this is for a construction worker that was not wanting a smartphone - he LOVES it too!!!)

The S3 was delivered on time and was as described.  I have the same Galaxy S3 phone running on AT&T; and have enjoyed it for over a year.  We wanted this Sprint S3 to use with FreedomPop since we use our phones very little and are paying way too much.  Since my old phone works with my husband's bluetooth hearing aids, we were sure this would, also (same phone, after all).  It worked fine for a day or two, and then we had a system upgrade to Android 4.4.2 (KitKat).  The hearing aids no longer work with the phone, but it's not the phone's fault, it's the KitKat.  Lots of people are having problems using bluetooth devices with this upgrade.The reason I'm posting this comment is to warn people who use bluetooth devices to wait until this problem is fixed before accepting the upgrade.UPDATE:  After a week, the charger was giving me trouble.  I contacted the seller and they immediately sent me a new charger.  Now it's working fine and it's a great phone.

I like the quick navigation and user friendliness. I don't care for how fragile it is and the costly accessories.

I bought this for my sister when it was on sale for $30(2 year renewal Sprint). She loves it so far. I have the same phone for At&t; and have been impressed with its performance and the fact that it doesn't bulge out of my pocket nearly as bad as my Atrix.It's got so many great features, battery life is pretty good, and overall is just a cool phone to own. I'm not sure how much longer it will be available but if you're looking for a good upgrade and don't want to spend the money for the s4 this is your phone!

Love this phone we have 3 on our sprint account now and it does everything we need it to do

Awesome phone!! Its quick. .love the camera.. the screen is large enough.. haven't had any issues with this phone at all!

Great phone very easy to use. Calls are crystal clear and internet speed is great! Battery last all day unless your using the internet in the car where the signal goes in and out. Takes great pictures.

I love the features and ease of use, the games are awesome! I'm glad I decided to purchase this version!

This is a SMART phone, I use it as a computer, a music and Audible device. I watch my favorite TV shows and play game apps on it. Love this screen size. This really is an all in one.

This phone is awesome. .the best yet..very pleased. .user friendly....with lots of options to personalize it yo your needs. .ty samsung!

This phone is very easy to use.  I like the large screen and the variety of apps that are available.  Reception and battery life are both excellent.  Overall, this is a great phone!

Great phone, with no issues.  Long battery life and love the larger size screen.  Had an issue with a lost shipment but Amazon was quick to send a replacement when I notified them I hadn't received the order.

I love the features of this phone as well as the easy handling it has.  Compared to others.... I like!!!!

Love the phone. Never going back to blackberry. No reason to. I am looking at an android this day forward.

phone doesn't get good signal, is slow, and data speed is terrible, not sure it is phone or sprint network.  seems to always be on 3g, never 4g, may be sprint again!

This phone has met and exceeded the expectations I had for it.  From the great battery life, ease of use, and the great camera I am very happy I purchased this phone instead of an iPhone.

I upgraded from the HTC EVO 4G to the Galaxy S3 and I am loving it. I have had no issues and the speed is great. S3 is light, sleek, and has a wide screen. My battery last from 630am to 530pm while I was downloading  apps, playing pandora (4 hours),  texting,  checking emails, phones calls( about 25 min), and taking pictures. The speed is great I had several thing going at once and the phone ran smoothly. No cons for me!

I went from a HTC to this phone and it's has not worked properly since I've had it.  It constantly freezes up and I have trouble trying to download apps.  I do not recommend this phone.

If I could give it 0 stars that's what it would receive.  I've had this phone less than two weeks and it fell from less than 2 feet up, spider web cracked the screen and broke the LCD.  Called Samsung to get it fixed and they won't stand behind their product, they said that because the screen is cracked it voids the warranty and they won't fix it with out charging me.  These phones cost entirely to much to have to pay for them again.  I will NEVER buy another Samsung product.Very poor quality product and poor customer service from Samsung. The plastic housing is very cheap and very poorly made.  I would Never recommend anyone purchase anything from Samsung.Amazon however is awesome and will take it back.KUDOS Amazon!!!

Hi i have question, are this mobile working in saudi arabia? I like the price and i want it if it worked in my country

It definately is smart and fast!Although it is a 4G phone, I have yet to get it past the 3G, idk if it's not available in my area or what.The instruction book is very basic, if you are a previous smart phone user, it should be easy for you, for me, not so much, but it is far easier to learn than the dumb phone I had last.Uber sensitive keyboard, responds quickly.All in all, great product!

Love it ! It's awesome, and everything I can do with it is incredible. I loved my Evo , but the speed and power on this is superb! I wish I had the $ for the S4 or Note II, but very happy with the S3

They sent an AT&T phone, so when I tried to activate, not only did nothing happen, but I lost my ability to use my old phone, DON'T BUY THIS HERE! EVER!

i had made a previous post wanting to know if this was for real and if it was really $0.01.Turns out it was true. i purchased the phone, with a 2 year contract ofcourse, brand new, came in fast considering i ordered it after christmas and before new years.... Havent had a problem with the phone or Sprint. Love my phone.

I'm so happy I got this phone. This is the first phone I haven't had any problems. If you are looking for a new phone. Get this phone.

Love it. Works great, awesome clarity, fast, reliable. Definatley has enough space for all of the apps I enjoy and more. Couldn't have asked for a better phone.

You will not be disappointed. Its so fast to and the battery life last very long I've never seen that in a smart phone.

I LOVED THE 1ST GEN.  GALAXY AND NOW I LOVE THIS ONE ......SO MUCH THE WHOLE FAMILY SWITCHED TO THIS DEVICE...

I HAVE NOT WANTED A SMART PHONE FOR YEARS BUT NOW THAT I HAVE ONE I WISH I WOULD HAVE PURCHASED ONE YEARS AGO. NOW I JUST HAVE TO GET USE TO IT...

I'm having lots of fun programming my phone and I learn something new about it every day. It blows the iphone away.

Amazing functionality and intuitive interface.  At first, thought it may prove to be a tad larger than I'd ideally like and was wary about giving up a dedicated thumbboard (upgrading from a Palm Treo Pro), but I've learned to enjoy the larger screen size and the Swype keyboard provides good accuracy.  Haven't tried adjusting any of the camera settings, but wish the photos came out more vibrant.  I like the phone sound quality and performance and especially the number of apps that are available.

Received promptly but the sound is terrible from the earpiece.  I can't understand what a lit of people are saying. Luckily I don't talk on the phone much.

I have not had no problem at all with this  if not at no reception problems with this phone like like I know people with the sprint IPhone  and get a lot of drop calls .....my phone works all through my apartment ...even all  on metro...call quality is excellent...I told my friend to turn his iphone I  for the white galaxy S3...he did and loves it....excellent phone probably reception wise the best phone on sprint

This was for my sister and she really is loving the phone and its capabilities.  Its does a great job and helps her out with the big screen she is able to see things better.

I qualify for an upgrade and tried to purchase the Galaxy S III at $49.99 with a two-year extension, only to find out that the deal only applies to new Sprint accounts. It would cost existing Sprint customers $149.99 to upgrade. Raw deal, Amazon!

This phone is great! It picks up voice messaging very easily which is awesome upgrade.It has great speakers as well.It have cheesy ringtones but that's okay.I'm content with this phone. Thank you!

Picked this up for the wife.  I upgraded to the S4, and given the $40 price of the S3, my wife opted to upgrade from her old LG Optimus.  Easy to use for her even with it being her first real smart phone.  Many of the same features as the new S4.  Perfect choice for someone wanting a top-end phone but unwilling to fork over the $200-$250 for the S4.

Bought the Galaxy SII from Sprint aka "Epic Touch 4G" when it came out last year. Given it can still keep up with the current midrange phones, and has just a little less features than this year's phones, it was a good buy back then. Overall, I am happy with the purchase. Sprint's coverage here on the Big Island of Hawaii is decent near stores, but quite poor in most locations. Here are some of the main points:-Great 8MP Camera with flash, panoramic mode and manual exposure control. Flash can also be used as an excellent flashlight via your choice of app.-Sprint has upgraded this phone to "Ice Cream Sandwhich" version of the OS, so it is not that outdated compared to Jelly Bean and it came with Gingerbread.-Screen is large and easy to read. Variations exist however, I bought one for me and my girlfriend and hers clearly has a better color cast than mine. Mine has a slight blue cast and hers is much closer to real.-Battery life is all day if you have a strong Sprint tower nearby. I do not, so I have to be careful and keep a car and wall charger handy because it will die just sitting on my desk for 8 hours since tower coverage is spotty at my work place. At my home, it can sit for 8 hours and still have 80% left. If you do not know your Sprint coverage in areas you frequent, find out because this could be a problem.-Speaker sound is clear and has a nice volume if you use it to play music in a pinch aka mini boombox style.-Buy a good size microSD card so you can use an adapter and put it in your DSLR camera and  upload straight to facebook while your other friends with DSLR and iPhones stare at you in disbelief  ;)-Plastic construction makes the phone a little light. It has fallen out of my bike bag will riding down the street. The battery and battery door opened up and rolled a ways, but I just put it back together and it was fine. No case. I don't believe in buying a slim modern phone and putting it into a case that makes it the size of a 1990 cellular phone. For me, the plastic shows some blemishes, but this does not concern me because other phones made of "Gorilla glass" would have shattered from half the things this phone has been through.The only downside is that a year into ownership and the phone decides it wants to freeze and reboot spontaneously. I have not been able to pin down what is the cause. Sometimes it is turning on the flashlight, making a call, sending a text message, does not seem to be app specific. My gf's phone reboots on its own, but more seldom. Mine can be 3 times in one hour and then go 48 hours without a freeze/reboot. I will take this up with Sprint because it is starting to become a problem. We have tried trading battery and my phone does this with both batteries, so unless both of them have depreciated to the point they can no longer output the proper voltage and amperage the phone requires, I do not think it is the battery. It should not be caused by the many drops on pavement either since the phone has solid state memory and not a spinning hard drive. I have Sprint Accidental coverage in case it was caused by my own doing.Again, Overall the phone itself is great. Once I figure out what Sprint wants to do with the phone I will update this review, but if I don't it's because I'm satisfied with the phone and would recommend getting it... especially since a year later the phone is free with a 2 year agreement.

I love this phone! ! Had an Evo Htc and didn't think I would ever find a suitable upgrade. .did some research and got a amazing deal through Amazon and that equals happy girl.. so impressed!!!.. ) love my phone and love Amazon! !!
