
Got it quick and on time for Christmas, 1 2 3 4 5 what a rating 4 more words needed

It is a great phone. It's easy to see, it is easy to configure and it comes loaded with ringtones! Absolutely a great buy! IT has an FM radio tuner and flashlight. It also comes with a car charger and charging stand. Definitely buy it. The call quality is perfect. I might just get a second one for myself as the first one was for a relative.

The Alcatel 382G Prepaid Phone is a great phone for the price. It is NOT a smart phone nor does it pretend to be, It is very good at being what it is.....an inexpensive good preforming pre paid cell phone.

I tried this phone out as an alternative to T-Mobile because they're a terrible company and this phone is cheap for a reason: it sucks. The old saying of "you get what you pay for" definitely applies here.

No instructions for use and cannot download a manual for phone.Very frustrating setting up for use. Hard to believe they would sellthe phone without instruction on its use. However, the operation seemsadequate.

I purchased the Alcatel 382G Prepaid Phone with Double Minutes for my son and he said it was as advertised.  It was easy to purchase minutes and to connect.  When he called me from another state it was as if he was next door.  I recommend this phone to everyone.

This is by far the worst tracfone I have had yet, I have owned 3 thus far. Phone has the worst speaker, have to turn it to speaker phone just to barely here the person I'm talking to. Tracefone has replaced this phone once already for the same problem. The repacement phone does the same thing after about 1 week of having it. Also the caller ID  works only about 1% of the time when making or recieving a call. I recommend not waisting your money on this phone!!

Has ease of use #1 so seniors can pick up and use without a learning curve. Great idea for the stand so not fiddling with a cord, always charged and ready to go.  Have to put electrical tape over charging light if near nightstand as blue light is too bright.

Very buggy.. I got this for my elderly parents because it has a nice big screen and big dial pad.  But it loses it's settings for no reason. One day it works fine, it charges all night, then they go to use it the next day and it has re-set itself back to factory settings, it wiped everything out.. Contacts, everything is gone...  It's done that the few times....  The battery life is also quite bad, even when it's just in stand-by.  Stay away from this phone.

It really is. My husband can hear it ring and can hear me when I talk to him. Woo hoo

Highly recommended.  It's a phone only which is what I wanted.  No camera and no other bells and whistles.  The phone is a little wider then most cell phones which gives you a larger (and bright) screen.  The buttons are larger, another positive.  It didn't come with a carrying case, I've ordered one on Amazon.  If you have the phone without a case, I suggest that you press the lock keyboard before putting it in your pocket or purse.  It's simple to do and shown in the manual.  I am very pleased with the phone.

The large number pads make it easy to dial, you don't hit two numbers at once.  The is no internet, so I don't accidently hit a connect button that eats up my minutes before I can get it disconnected.  The screen and numbers are large enough that I don't need my glasses to see them.  It locks itself after so many seconds of non-use so I don't have to worry about pocket dialing.  The menu is easy to navigate.  By eliminating all the bells and whistles, Alcatel has recreated the basic phone.  Thank you for the &#34;Big Easy&#34;!

Great phone.  Tracfone will not agree to unlock.  Can't use it thanks to the Librarian of Congress who is now apparently able to dictate laws like the Caeser-in-chief.

This phone was a gift for my sister who is a snowbird in Florida from Toronto. This is a sturdy phone that meets her needs because it is comfortable to hold (not too big, which could be too heavy/not too small, which can cramp up her hands). Also, the numbers are large enough to see and to dial. TracFone has pay-as-you-go at reasonable costs compared to other types of plans. This phone is used strictly used in Florida and suits my sister's needs well for 6 months.

Got this for my 83yr old Mother who has nothing but negative to say about anything new. She has taken to it like a baby duck to water...

I like the large keyboard and the double minutes----radio not necessary. Nice screen size--easy to use. Am very happy with this phone.

They did not supply a manual to show how to operate the phone!The battery doesn't last very long on a full charge!The phone cuts in and out while talking to someone.Lots of static

The phone is easy to use, large numbers so easy to see.  It's very basic so if you want all the bells and whistles this isn't for you, but for an emergency or casual use phone it can't be beat.  Add minutes as you want or  buy the 1 yr. card and it's under $10/month to use.

My brother loves this phone with the large number display, and it is easy to refill. Sound is also good on this cell phone.

I bought this for my 82 year old dad who is very hard of hearing. I wanted him to have something for travel emergencies that had text capabilities that he could manage easily. This phone is it. Easy to use, inexpensive and the numbers and display is easy to read. Great choice for a basic phone with no bells and whistles, nothing to confuse or discourage a non techie.

Who would have guessed that someone would design a great cell phone that did just one single function. Though it has a useless flashlight and a novel FM radio, there are little perks. No bluetooth, no camera, no apps, web, or games.The huge buttons and the great feel are awesome. I can text, dial, and enjoy the great reception. Transferring my number and minutes was easier than normal. I only had to enter one code and poof! It started working.This also came with 365 days and a ton of minutes. Which means I made money off this dude, since I had almost zero left on my old tracfone.The back light on the keyboard is very impressive and the screen is the easiest to read display of all my phones.

I don't use a cell phone very much but this one is exactly what I needed..the numbers are big and it is not loaded up with bells and whistles, I previously purchased a phone with a touch screen and it was not at all what I needed..this one is just right.

I like it alot. Wish the online manual was better but I figured out all that I need to use this phone. Great for those of us who don't see or hear well.

I got this phone for my husband who is electronically challenged when it comes to operating cell phones or TV remotes.  He can manage this one just fine.

Alcatel 382G Prepaid Phone With Double Minutes (Tracfone) was much better than I had expected.  Large Buttons are Ideal andWindow for letting me know know how many minutes I have remaining is Fantastic.  Thanks

I am returning this phone because it was defective. customer service at tracfone kept telling me it was activated when clearly it wasn't the home screen indicted activation required when phone was turned on. After two calls an 90min of speaking with representatives and never being able to activate the phone have decided to stay with my LG and return this phone, very frustrated with the whole situation!

I was looking for a mobile telephone to replace an eight year old Nokia, originally bought for my  -non-gadget-- wife. The Big Easy fills my requirement for a plain old telephone just fine.  The number buttons are larger than the old phone and the display is much easier to see and understand.I would recommend it to friends that are interested in a plain old straight forward telephone.

Cheaper than buying from TracFone when we got it here at Amazon.  Took less than 5 minutes to switch from old phone to to new one using the TracFone Website so all old time and days transferred plus the new 20 minutes.  Came with Home Charger and Car Charger  Charger Stand is excellent for the home use. Flashlight is handy.Battery lasts 7 to 10 days without use.  Buttons are bug enough to see without glasses.SO-So:  FM Radio.  Already have in cars.  If did not, maybe could use or hook up to speaker system.  But not really a function I want/need.Cons:  1.  My biggest gripe with TracFone is that your Phone ONLY RINGS four (4) times and then goes to voice mail.  That is not enough rings for me if driving, or if the phone is put away.  My wife can never get to the phone in her purse in 4 rings.  Customer NO Service is no help, they say that is all the rings that the phones have available.2.  No Camera.  A giant step backwards3.  Finding features like ringtones and other settings features in NOT intuitive.  You really need to read the instructions and keep them handy.  Get the e-manual if you really want to be able to understand this phone.Overall a really nice phone if you are NOT looking for a lot of bells and whistles.  Plane Jane that does the job.  Just wish that TracFone would allow a longer ring time.  (Is anyone listening?????)-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Update 7-13-13 Okay, now have two (2) of these phones.  Ordered another for my mother since her Consumer Cellular Cell phone became a big stir stick for her Ice Tea when she spilled it on her phone.  When that one stopped working I went into full research mode and discovered that this TracFone with 2 years service and minutes is a heck of a better deal than her last phone at $15.00 per month.  Do the numbers and figure it out for yourself.  Basic phone, no bells and whistles - communicates and thats all we need.

I had never used a Tracfone before but was purchasing one for my mother.When we received it and called Tracfone for activation, they said it was already activated!What???I have spent about 3 hours on the line with customer service of Tracfone trying to sort this mess out.Still not sorted out yet.Do NOT buy a phone from this vendor.

It's very suitable for whoever just wants a simple and easy-to-use phone.  Big keys makes viewing and dialing much more comfortable than using a regular smaller phone.

I bought this Alcatel phone as a replacement for my lost tracfone.  I cost me 400 minutes to transfer the service.  The first thing that I noticed was that the audio was poor on both ends.  Tracfone customer service does not help at all. Maybe there was a reason that this model was on sale (I didn't buy it from Amazon, and I thank Amazon for the review forum.)

I replaced my LG800 with this phone.  Works great but it would be super if it had Bluetooth to work with my Ford Sync.  I use the Sync when going into an unfamiliar area for appointments etc.  Other than that it is worth the money.I have the original packaging and nowhere does it say that it has Bluetooth, but it doesn't say it doesn't either.

Bought this phone for an elderly lady friend. From setting it up and checking out it's features before giving it to her, it seems like an ideal cell phone for a non-tech type person. Can't comment on it's performance, but I loved the large buttons, the button on the back to display your phone number, and the charging cradle so you don't have to plug in the tiny little USB cord each time you charge it. Would highly recommend for an "older" user.

This phone and Tracfone are all I need for my calling needs. I am able to stay in touch with the people that I need too and it don't cost much to use. Best thing is no contract. My wife has the same phone and plan so I recommend it to everyone that does not need a &#34;smart phone&#34;.

Got this phone for my mom to use while on vacation or out the home. Phone works great! Thank you very much

This phone was as described. I purchased it for my elderly Parents and the love the simplicity and the size of the large buttons.

it is exactly what i expected no frills just a phone although it does have some other functions it is not whati wanted it for.  texting is cumbersome, and is not important to me. great phone, like the large numbers.

because i've only had it two days.. i pay $35 month for landline that if i made one call a month or received one was too much..but i hesitated getting cellphone because i am hard of hearing and have been told by audiologist that i  need  hearingaids which i do not want so  i make do with captions and subtitles and as i say i got no phone calls.this was fairly easy for me to set up and i had my neighbor call me to check sound and  it was great i could hear her well and she said she heard me well. so so far so good...one word of caution to anyone who gets this.. DONT SET UP  YOUR VOICE MAIL...once set up you cant get rid of it and must go thru tracfone customer service (which i  did via live chat and it was quick & easy)  the voice message is $1 per message or  per minute (i cant recall) but it was ridiculous.i will post updated review  as  time passes but for $9.98 and $5 shipping its a great little phone with  big buttons and feels well madejune2,2014been using for couple of months now and  even though i am hard of hearing i hear perfectly on this phone.  i called tracfone for help in extending ring time(it only would ring 3 x before going to voice mailand ring time was extended to 7 rings and customer support was pretty painless(NOT THAT IT EVEN TOUCHES AMAZONS GREAT C.S.).  buy this phone

Although I did not purchase it through Amazon, I wanted to leave a review.  I am not sure if I like it.  The pros: big buttons, big screen, loud ring and easy to hear.  Cons:  The flashlight button for some reason dropped off (I did not drop the phone, it just popped off) and I could not get it back on as it seems broken. Oh well, didn't plan on using flashlight. The keys are extremely sensitive.  The phone is turned off most of the time, but when it is in my pocket or purse, it turns on if it is bumped.  I am forever turning it off again, but it keeps turning on.  Then I keep getting a message that says "Do you want to delete everything?"  What does that mean?  It is supposed to be off, this message lights up and comes on without ringing so it uses battery time.  Another thing, the key lock keeps turning on.  Every slight bump causes the phone to do something.  Never had this problem with other phones.  I've tried different types of cases, but they all in some way "bump" the Power key and on it comes. I'm thinking of getting one with a cover.

This was brought for my Mom its just what she needed. The lighted keypad...great... easy to charge with the included base charger I wish more phones came with these.  I really like it myself especially the flashlight.

price was good.  for a senior, this is a good phone.  not mind boggling either.  as simple as can be in this modern computer age!  one thing:  will not hold its charge for more than 2 days.  have fun.

Easy to establish service and has many options for air time. I just wanted my mother to have a phone with her when she's out and about. She may never use it but I like knowing it's with her.It's been a couple of months since I gave this phone to my mom. When I went over to see her yesterday she had the phone and charger on the table for me to take: it's just too complicated. I've also been offered her dvd player so this isn't new. The biggest problem is that since it's not a flip phone it's necessary to unlock the phone by holding down one of a few buttons on the side. That seems to be the major hurdle. Secondly, even though it's a 'big button' phone many of the keys are too small; mainly the up down arrows to scroll through contacts. I had her keep it and told her that worse case she could ask someone to call one of her contacts. It's no fault of the product but someone trying to get a phone for an older person might want to look at a different design.

I have been using Tracfones as emergency phones for some years, and always been reasonably pleased.  I am NOT pleased with this one, purchased from Amazon.  It never gives clear reception, only a buzz.  I did check with Tracfone regarding service for this phone model in my area of NW Vermont before purchasing, and they told me -- wrongly -- that the phone was suitable.  T'aint.

Mom was very happy, especially to have LARGE KEYS to work with. The only problem is that she had to change cell phone companies, so she doesn't have the same minutes to work with. Next month, she should have plenty of minutes to use since we went with the minimum double that the company has offered.

Easy to use ,good coverage and affordable. use as second cell phone in different cell range areas. Good deal on phone, activation and double minutes

This is a gift for my daughter who just turned 13, she needed something simple and I feel she will be calling and texting in no time, without becoming furstrated.

Great phone for me and probably any older person just wanting the basics. The only negative is that the battery does not last as long as I had expected.

I got this for my husband for his birthday. He would not own a cell phone but needed one in case of emergency.It is easy to use and he is glad he has it.

This phone works well, instructions are clear and is perfect for someone not as high techas the Iphone. A great value.

Bought this for Someone.  Loves it.  Easy to use.  Big Buttons, lots of extra features.  Was surprised it had so many extras.

If you're shopping for elderly friends and relatives --I took the emergency numbers that it came with out and put only personal emergency numbers in it because the user can get confused with scrolling and highlighting.-Change the default &#34;ring&#34; - it's too musical to associate with &#34;phone&#34; - There's a good selection included - and set the ring and volume to LOUD.-The keyboard seems to be &#34;seeable&#34; if they can't find their glasses.-There's a button on the back that will display the phones own number. Very handy-They're going to lose it - so the price is about right.-You might want to consider setting it up &#34;unlocked&#34; as answering a locked cell phone can be challenging.-Comes with a cradle for recharging - so if you can get them in the habit of putting it in the cradle when not in use - it's a huge help.

A cell phone that is perfect and economical for the hearing impaired. Rings loud. Can be heard when its in your purse or pocket.  After we bought the first one and tried it we loved it enough to buy a second one for the bathroom in case of a slip or fall in an emergency. Seniors will love this phone!

Nice handset for those looking for a basic phone -- easy to read, easy to dial, and yet very small.Uses a standard uUSB charger (that's a real plus).Works on AT&T;'s (Tracfone) GSM network -- so make sure that you have AT&T; coverage where you want to use it.

Nice phone especially for vision impaired users who need large keys. I called TracFone's 800 number and followed the voice prompts and in no time had my old TracFone number and minutes transferred to the Alcatel. Nice touch was the addition of the stand charger, something I didn't expect but greatly appreciated. Also impressed with the phones ability to quickly power up and pair with a nearby cell tower. TracFone's voice quality and signal are excellent in my area even inside my house which normally prevents other phones from receiving signals from cell towers. All in all my 94 year old mother loves it!

Worked great

great phone, easy to use, big buttons, perfect for elderly in-laws, got it right away and in great condition too--would buy it again

I wanted a phone that had the basics and that's all I got.  The information about the phone said it had a calendar and it does, however, it does not have the ability to set appointments.  The keys are large and that helps with texting but the texting is sooooo slow the large keys don't really matter.  The rings and alerts are not very loud even when turned up all the way.  Overall the phone works but it's too basic for me.

Had some issues with the previous owner of the number given to me  but was able to change the number after a few weeks.  Hard to explain to all the creditors calling that I was not the same person the number had been previously issued to.  Also, the option to have the phone ring longer before disconnecting doesn't seem to be an option.  Being an &#34;older&#34; adult lewith knee surgery takes a bit more time to get to the phone when I don't have it on me.

This phone, the "Big Easy" is wonderful. It makes and takes calls and text messages. It has loud clear ringtones, a handy speaker button and large back-lit keypad buttons, large type on its display screen, side-buttons for lock-screen, volume, the fm radio, and a flash light!  I also use it as my morning wake up alarm. The battery life on this phone is excellent, too.Am VERY happy with this phone and its total lack of huge monthly charges. I have a tablet & chromebook and a cable hookup. A simple useful inexpensive phone is all I really need - and this is the one.No more smartphones for me! They were always charging anytime I actually got a call, the price of mobile data is just ridiculous, and I always had to pay for monthly minutes I never used. No more. Big easy you're the one!

I can see the buttons. the audio is good to excellent. It has coverage where my cdma phone did not, conversely there are places it doesn't work well that the cdma phone did. It's missing blue tooth so while answering it in the car isn't illegal just I'd prefer an earbud. Easy to see, dial and program..Inexpensive. Met most of my criteria.Update: Has some strange software actions when ending a call. The calls ends fine, but if you have dialed using the address book it then returns to the place you left off in the address book with the keypad unlocked. The keypad will then not automatically re-lock and the display may not dim, leaving you open to random dialing and dead batteries. It is necessary to either back out of the address book or push and hold the lock button for the phone to lock the keypad again. Not a huge deal once you're aware of the idiosyncrasy, frustrating when you're not. I'd still buy it.Another Update: 02/2014 Well I quit using this phone as most of the numbers programmed got deleted. With the belt case I bought the unlock button would get pressed by the case. Just a simple soft case on my belt. Hence most of the phone numbers ended up being deleted by bumping or other pressure. I did buy the 392g which has a better feature set and safer buttons.

We don't like this!  It beeps a lot to remind of your balance, its a very cheap plastic design. Call quality is horrible, static and echoes. I didn't expect much, but it didn't even live up to that low level of expectation.

This phone is easy to use with it's larger buttons.  I don't text very much, but (other than having to click through to the right letter) it works well.

I bought this product for my elderly mom and she likes it kinda seth in her ways,but she is coming around.Ilike the fact that the numbers are big enough for her to read.

I bought the alcatel 382G from target 3 months ago  for $14.00  and it is the best cell phone I had. I live in North Fla. 32084 and Tracfone web site stated that it would not work in this area. But I bought it  anyway and I have not had any problem with reception where every I go.I like the large numbers and the easy to see screen. The ring tones are loud enough  so the I can hear them and I am hard of hearing.It took me about a week to learn the main things I need to know  about the phone. I bought  a clip on  case for my belt from amazon it works great with the phone. My wife also got a new tracfone.  We each got the one year phone card for 1000 minutes and that is more then will will use in a year. We were paying ATT $900.00 a year for our two phones and used about  the same minutes. We are VERY happy with our phones and the money were are saving.

The options on the phone are large and easy to see.The phone may not work in all indoor locations, like at my parents home.Hope it will work outside of the residence where they will need the cellular phone.

I rarely use the phone; but, not having one was causing me problems.  Tracfone meets my needs.This cellphone, a.k.a., &#34;The Big Easy&#34; has a larger screen and larger buttons.  It is quite convenient.

This phone seems to have a reputation as being designed for old folks, so maybe that's why we like it.  Very simple and straightforward to use, large keys, an easy to read screen, and a very handy button for increasing/decreasing volume while talking.  The biggest shortcoming regarding this product is one that other reviewers have noted, which is that it comes with no instructions.  That's not a show-stopper though, because you can call Tracfone (as we did) to resolve any problems arising out of the sometimes overly brief online instructions (problems that people more experienced than we in the use of mobile phones probably wouldn't have).

Switched to this phone after a couple of weeks using an LG flip phone, which I did not like.This phone has:Great call signal!Excellent call clarity!Gerat little radio!  Never thought I would make use of a radio in a phone, but wow, it works great! Instantly scans the channels and puts them into presets that you can easily jump to.  Has an impressive internal antenna, as it is picking up stations very clearly.Nice tactile feel to keys.Easy menus, but limited instructions.  You have to experiment a little if you want to understand all the finer details, but 95% of the options are self explanatory.

I bought this phone for my niece who has a mild learning disability and this phone was easy for her to use. She learned the basic commands of how to add contacts, view minutes used, viewing calendar, etc, as well as some other nice features. It took a little more effort teaching her how to use the 'text' feature since you have to use the numeric keys that have 3-letters on them, to type instead of being able to use a keyboard to type them, but she is now using that feature as well. She also likes receiving the double-minutes :)

Received this item much earlier than expected and everything that was listed on the front of the box was there and the instruction were very concise as to how to start the use of the phone.  It did not let me down.  I love knowing how many minutes and time I have left viewed on the screen to let me know when to add more minutes to my phone.  I only needed it to have available for emergencies and it fits the bill.  Thank you!

Easy to use as a travel phone.  Good screen, large numbers, letters. Not all fancy, but provides what is needed.

JUST WHAT I NEEDED A CHEEP PHONE WITH NO DATA. MY BILL WILL BE ABOUT 20 DOLLARS FOR 3 MONTHS.

I got this phone for my parents. It's basic which is just what they need. I love that it has FM radio and flashlight. My parents do not text or make a bunch of phone calls...it's more of an emergency phone and used only when needed. The bottoms are big and the screen is a decent size. We do not have any problems with volume but like I said this phone is not used very often. Over all very happy with purchase and glad I got this phone for them.

This is perfect for My Mom , she needed a new phone with bigger buttons this gets the job done , easy to operate.

I have owned two of these phones because the first one had to be warranteed. The phone's earphone became so faint that I could not hear it, when it was only a few months old.  The new replacement phone did the same thing after 6 months of use.  I really liked the large keys, and display. The speaker phone function kept the phone useable for awhile, until it became distorted and fuzzy sounding.and I had to get another phone.  I probably will not get another of these, because I have to keep a lot of numbers on the phone and programming them into these phones is such a pain, I am not willing to do it once or twice a year.

I always order from Amazon as their shipping is always fast.  I like this phone.  I finally have a phone where I can hear and I don't get frustrated trying to listen.  The keys are nice and I like the flashlight feature.  This phone is great for senior.  I would recommend all seniors to buy it.

The 382G met my need for a simple phone with clear sound and easy-to-use keyboard.  Unfortunately it barely lasts 2 days without recharging.Pros:  good clear sound, large buttonsCons:  awkward linear menu system, &lt;u>poor battery life&lt;/u>Neutral:  better FM reception than my Sony boom box!

Bought for mother and law. Have other track phones of LG and can compare. This one has different software then 800-g. And its a bit of a head ache. A lot of confusing screens that led to loops in the software, might be fine if you get use to it but I only have to look at it 2 or 3 months or more, for only a few minutes. Not load enough, for user. You could be happy with it, I like size of the buttons, and it come with a charging stand.

Parents needed it, mom can't put it down. Incredible value, half off brick and mortar. Finally I can call my parents.

The good news: Buying thru Amazon saved $10 on this Tracfone.  I use the phone primarily for emergency purposes.  Just don't have an emergency in dead spots (see below).The bad news:  As with many Tracfones --LG, Samsung, Alcatel -- the battery life is poor and nothing like the &#34;as much as 16 days&#34; advertised.  You're lucky to get five days on standby. Also, with other Tracfones, you can't get receptions in certain locations such as National Parks, as I learned first hand in Yosemite and in Yellowstone last week.  This isn't a fault of the phone but with Tracfone, so be aware.If you're committed to telephone service such as Tracfone provides,  this phone is as good as any of the others made for Tracfone.

My 77 year old grandfather's old phone broke, and he needed a new one.  He hates anything new, but I had to try something.  The ringer is super loud, and the buttons are large.  The menus he's still figuring out, but only time and experience will help him.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!

Easy to read numbers..easy to use features...No camera..You can disable text...It's a phone to make calls with..It's not a smart phone, actually it's quite a stupid phone and that's why I love it... It doesn't get any better than this...Well the ring tones do suck...I would prefer a ring ring phone sound and not a tinkly tootley noise ....

Very easy to use, the battery lasts longer that I expected.  I would recommend this to other seniors like myself, the &#34;smart LG tracfone was terrible.

Bought this for my Mom (91 yr)...the big buttons make it easy for her to see and dial.  The keyboard lockout means no pocket dialing.  BUT, she has a little difficulty unlocking it as she doesn't press the side button down long enough. I got this as a less expensive alternative to a Medical alert button (TracFone monthly value plan=$6.47/mo-no new minutes, just keeps service active).  It also has a flashlight and FM radio built in which makes it great if she loses power, which, has happen ALOT in the last two years here in Connecticut.I was also happy that the standard package from Amazon included a car charger and the necessary USB cord for charging away from home.

I purchased this cellphone for an elder family member..They hate electronics, but they love this cellphone..Easy to see & work buttons.

I just wanted a cell phone for emergencies and occasional light use.  This fits the bill perfectly. Easy to see numbers, comes with a car charger and a stand.  I didn't need the FM radio but it is a nice extra.  Nice little phone.  I recommend for the casual user.  Five stars for the &#34;Big Easy&#34;.

I have not had this phone for long but so far I am pleased with it. Believe it or not, we have no cell phone service where I live and I do not live in the boonies!! A few hundred feet up the road from where I live there is full service. With that being said you can understand why I only use a cell phone in my car. That is why I chose a prepaid. I like that this phone has large numbers and holds a charge very well. It is very clear when talking. The double minutes were activated without any problems. I will update this review after using it more.

I know there is a less than good manual that comes with the phone, but you can go online and download a 50 page manual that prints as a manual book size.  It is so totally complete with instructions for every single feature of the phone.  Save yourself a headache and download the manual for yourself.  You'll be so glad you did.I have the one with the flip top, and it is so nice to have the screen covered.  It has all the same features also, and Amazon has it for $10.00 less than on the Tracfone site.

I wanted a phone for what a phone was meant for...making and receiving calls and this one is perfect! I'm soooo glad that I traded in my &#34;fancy&#34; phone with all the bells and whistles for this one. The reception is very clear...much better than my old one. The large numbers and screen make dialing and texting a breeze.  FYI... you don't have to unlock the phone to answer calls. I liked it so much that I bought one for my husband (he loves it too).

Bought this phone and liked the large buttons and screen, but Tracfone service is horrible. There is a reason that the BBB and various complaint sites have so many bad reviews for Tracfone. Their customer service is terrible. They cannot get the phone activated - their site does not activate the phone, and we suspect that we may have been sold a phone that will not even work in our area. Think twice about it.

This phone is too small, the icons were difficult for me to see. I like bigger fonts, I had to use my bifocals to use this phone

Numbers are easy to see and use, good value and especially like the double minutes, would recommend to anyone, coverage still great

This is really just a plain telephone with no bells and/or whistles unless you count the radio and flashlight that comes with it.Otherwise, I like the size, the simple dialing method and the large screen.

Best of all I can hear on it.  I am somewhat hearing impaired and all other phones are getting hard for me to hear someone who calls.  Not this one.  Don't believe I have missed a word.  I really like the BIG numbers because I can make a call without trying to see a tiny number or press a tinier button.  Even used the flashlight feature during a recent tornado warning when the power went off in the house.  Gave me enough light to go to a drawer to get a bigger flashlight.  The only downside to this phone is it seems to have a short batter life, even in standby and I would really like to be able to take a picture of my dog and put it on the screen.  These are not biggies just wishes.

I signed up with Tracfone several years ago and all the cell phones we have had are Tracfone, since we save a lot of money. We're not ones to use our cell phones all the time. I purchased the &#34;Big Easy&#34; for my mother who is 84 and needs a hearing aid and easy push buttons. The buttons are also larger than most cell phones and easier for her to use. She's definitely not into texting and all the &#34;other&#34; things you can do with cell phones. This phone is just right for her and she uses it for all her long distance calls; again we save a lot of money using Tracfone.Thank you Alcatel, Tracfone and Amazon for offering a great phone, great service and great pricing, ($15+).

Unfortunately, we didn't buy this phone from Amazon. Got it from a brick & mortar store. Bought 2. Could have saved $20. That said, I'm a new retiree, and our old cellular phones no longer fit our needs. I did some research on TracFone, the result of which bolstered my confidence. We (my wife & I) found this phone model and became confident this would meet our needs. Well, it has. The whole customer experience for us was great from the get-go. I activated from the website, which included keeping our old phone numbers. As someone who worked in software development, I'm so impressed with how user-friendly this site is. This also includes excellent device tutorials. The phone itself has excellent voice quality, and no overload of function we don't need. And finally, it will save us about $1K a year. We're real happy campers!

Easy to see and use big buttons. Easy to hear when it rings while in pocket. Also u can text with it.

I recently purchased this phone...and its really good. Love the easy to read numbers...and i like the easy to use functions. Plus you get double minutes...very cool indeed. I made some calls after opening it and the sound is very clear. Its a good deal for those on a budget ( like myself)So i would recommend this phone to anyone

This phone is great if all you want to do is chat or text a message (no apps or Internet to fool with). The sound is clear and powerful, the FM radio is wonderful and I love the flash light. The numbers are large and everything works well. Texting is simple, easy and fast. It takes just seconds and although the instructions on the phone are unclear, just go to Google and type in "Alcatel 382G Manual" and you've got it. As a phone, it is just as good as most any other high priced gadgets. And don't forget double minutes. P.S. Be sure to use the phone lock or your pants pocket will be making unwanted phone calls.

Only two months of minimal usage and the phone is dead. I can't get the screen to light up so I can get to the sim and serial number to transfer the minutes. Blah. Not happy with this phone at all.

My wife was having a problem with small numbers on other phones and this fits  the bill the bill. Great for emergency type phone

I use it very little, only when I'm out of my apartment. I got it as a safeguard.I want it for emergencies, like the flat tire I got last week. To get the spare on  & get to a repair shop.They were helpful when I need info on getting it activated, & functioning correctly.I had Verizon & only used 5-10 min. a month, too costly. This meets my needs, & not as expensive.I like the larger keys. I don't need all the bells & whistles of a smart phone.

Purchased as a gift for a senior who is 91.  Bigger keys were very helpful.  Not having everything but the kitchen sink was also helpful.

I love everything about this phone.  If you have trouble seeing small keys, this phone is what you need.  I don't even need my glasses to see whose calling.  The radio and flashlight come in pretty handy too.  If you have any seniors your looking to buy a phone for this one is great, it's simple to use.  One important thing--check with Tracfone to make sure that there is service in your area before buying, our town didn't have service but we were able to get a phone number in the town beside us.

There is no need for contracts, or monthly fees.  This fulfilled all my requirements for the use I will give it.

I bought this phone in a Tracfone kit.  I like the phone's features.I haven't been able to get my old phone number to transfer over from Net 10 to Tracfone, so I can't use it.Pros:If you want a phone with large keypad keys, and an on screen font size that's easier to read, this phone has it.I got my contact phone #'s into the phone, there is some help in the on-line owner's manual.You can change the keypad lock time from default to completely off, or increments in-between.The phone comes with 3 ways to charge it.#1. A standard wall outlet cord that plugs into an outlet and the other end plugs into the charger docking station or directly into the phone.#2. A cord to charge it in the car#3. A USB cord that plugs into the phone.The flashlight feature might be handy for finding a lock to put a key into.  It's not very bright, even with a battery fully charged.  Still, better than nothing.Contrary to what others have stated, you can have the time and days remaining on your card displayed on the screen.  You have to dig into the manual for it.On screen display bright, letters and numbers are large sized, and even in stand by mode is easy to read.Cons:I haven't been able to transfer my old Net 10 number to Tracfone, despite an initial call to Tracfone customer service (Yes, both Net 10 and Tracfone customer service are handled by the same people) and spending 20 minutes on my Net 10 phone to activate the Tracfone.  What that call did accomplish was to deactivate my Net 10 phone number and put the phone in limbo.  The Tracfone kit I purchased included 10 min for it.  I  finally found the email address for Tracfone customer service, not the one that kept coming up for the support forums.  That one is next to worthless, IMHO.  Four emails later, I was told I had to call Tracfone corporate customer service directly to switch the phone number.  They even gave me a pin number access code so I could get through.  The pin did not work, even after trying it 3 times.  I got a recording saying the pin entered was invalid.  How lame is that?For those who are interested, there was no difference in signal strength, at my location attempting to use either Net 10 (LG phone) and the Tracfone (ALCATEL A3826G) phones.  Both showed one bar signal strength, and then at times, not even that.I was forced to drive to a location that showed 5 bars signal strength to call customer service to try and solve the problem.I might have given the phone 5 stars if I'd actually used it, but I can't rate it at 5 without using it as a phone.Tracfone customer service ?  I'd give it 2 stars.  They eventually answered the phone after navigating the voice menus and waiting on hold.  Sent a total of 4 emails to try and solve their riddle of phone # transfer, (portal transfer, why can't they express themselves in easy, common terms, instead of making up new ones ?) , and calling them 3 times in addition to the 1st call.I now have 2 cell phones.  The Net 10 service runs out today.  The Tracfone has less than a minute on it, so I can't use it to call them.Bottom line for me is I won't invest any more of my resources (time and money) on this Tracfone.

I ordered this after seeing the "Large Keyboard" feature and hadn't seen that in the usual stores that I go to for under $50. The price was right on this one and it was completely new in box. It was easy to figure out, activate and is easy to use. I don't need texting, web or apps on my phone, I just want a phone, and this one has a little flashlight too. Handy. I found a leatherette case that fits it exactly at a Walgreen's so am very happy with this. My only suggestion for the manufacturer would be to include a cover with it. That wouldn't cost that much.

This phone is for texting and talking only.  Don't expect to do anything else.  For its purpose, it works fine.

Exactly as advertised. Closest possible to a landline phone replacement.My phone number and minutes transferred flawlesly from my older smaller Tracfoneand I couldn't be more pleased. Plus delivery was prompt.

This is a great phone for seniors , my dad needed a phone and I got this one for him.  Big buttons and bigger display with no complicated functions make it perfect

The size of keyboard made it easy to used and see.  However the speed dial program did not always function. and I had to use the individual contact send program.

Bought this phone for my husband, his first phone, and he really likes it.  The buttons are a little bigger for guys fingers, easy to use.  Does the job.

All I ever wanted in a cell phone was simplicity - and this phone fits the bill.  It is easy to read, doesn't have a lot of additional stuff to lead you astray;  it's got plenty of volume and it's a Tracfone (very inexpensive to use).  If you don't need an all-absorbing relationship with your cell phone you just might look into this phone and service.

Good phone for folks wanting large button phone.  Purchased for my 85 year old mother.  Has large screen and is simple to operate.  Simplicity was the key to me purchasing unit.

I ordered the Alcatel for emergency purposes when I'm out on the road.  It does not have a camera which would be nice but it does have other things on it that is nice and the price was good. The numbers are large and that is one of the things I like about it.

This is a great inexpensive phone that is excellent for older people or anyone that requires large easy to use keys. The fact that it has a flashlight and a radio is a bonus.

This phone is great for the elderly and disabled with big back-lit buttons.  However there are virtually NO instructions for setting up contacts, voice mail, etc.  I was on hold for 2 hours and 52 minutes last night with Tracfone until I finally got our problem resolved.  A simple manual would make this a perfect phone.

Phone difficult to set up. All settings not explained clearly. Entering contacts at times displays phonr no, sometimes not..could not determine the difference. I have programmed at least 10 tracfones, never had one so frustrating.

I dont know why they use so many different model numbers on that phone UNLESS when you see that we will not be undersold price match has something to do with it.But why can all the markets (wal-mart,lowes,target,homedepot just to name a few)Get away with doing it.its the same on washers refridges dishwashers tractors and so on.

From now on whatever I buy check with AMAON first. I have bought one Big and Easy phone from Tracfone. I paid $29.99 plus they would not carry my previous ZTE SMART PHONE 1288 MINUTES TO MY NEW PHONE. If no  adjustment make will report them to Better Business Bureau I WILL NO  LONGER DOING BUSINESS WITH TRACFONE

I purchased this phone for my husband.  He did not want all the bells and whistles in a phone.  The large buttons are great for his use.  I have also borrowed his phone and I liked it as well.

I've been a tracfone customer for about 12 years. I have always bought pretty basic phones as I didn't have a desire or need for all the bells and whistles. The display window and numbers are big and bright. The "manual" that comes with the phone is pretty sad, and the info on the website isn't much better. But I managed to figure it out and set the phone up to my liking.If you have trouble setting it up, find a 10 year old kid, seriously. They have an uncanny ability with these things. They will do it in 10 minutes. I set my ringtone to "old ring", so for me, there's no guessing whose phone is ringing, because no one I know has their phone actually "ring", as phones used to 30 plus years ago. The sound quality is very good, on the phone and in speakerphone mode.Some other pluses. Double minutes on airtime cards (don't buy a double minute card, the phone will automatically double whatever standard card that you buy). The phone has a good feel in your hand, and fits comfortably in a shirt pocket. I like the FM radio and I use it when cutting the grass or doing other chores around the house. By the way, there is a headphone/earbud jack on the side about 1/4 inch above the volume control (No mention of this in the "manual"). I plugged in my jvc earbuds and the sound is in full stereo and is excellent. Radio stations can be preset so a 1 key push will change to your favorites. If you text, It deducts .30 of a minute per text. More in .30 minute increments, if it's a very long message.Somewhere in the comments I read someone said that the radio will use up your minutes, but it does not.Another useful feature I found (again not mentioned in the "manual") is the ability to attach a wrist strap/lanyard to the phone(the type that come with cameras).  About 1 inch above the volume control, there is a small hole right at the top curve. Pry off the back of the phone and you'll see a plastic peg inside where the hole is. Slip the strap over peg, snap the back on and you're set.Now the cons in my opinion;#1-No jack for a headset or bluetooth capability.#2-The very miserly, pathetic manual/instructions.#3-You must enter a menu to change modes from ring, vibrate, and silent (airplane mode). With my old Motorola, as you decreased the volume, the next to the lowest setting put it in vibrate mode, and the lowest setting put it in silent mode. In my opinion, a much easier and sensible setup.All said, this is still the overall best cell phone I've had. I'm very pleased and I highly recommend it.  _____________________________________________________________________________________Thanks for reading. I hope someone finds my review helpful in making a buying decision._____________________________________________________________________________________******UPDATE 12/12/13- A lot of people have asked if this phone has a cover over the keys, which it does not. There is a new version of this phone called "The Big Easy Flip", model # 392G. The keypad is the same, but the screen is a lot bigger, and it has 3G/WiFi, a 2 mp camera, bluetooth, mobile web access, FM radio, MP3 player, micro SD card, external caller ID and time window, and more. On Amazon it is $19.99. The link is below for anyone interested.This one looks like a welcome improvement to an already great phone, even if you don't need all the other extra features.--->Alcatel 392G "The Big Easy Flip" Prepaid Phone With Double Minutes (Tracfone)********************************************************************

Grandma had trouble with her old cell phone, she couldn't press the buttons on it accurately and it was costing her an arm and a leg. This is a barebones phone, no camera, smallish screen. But the buttons are what you get this phone for. Grandma is pleased.

This is a great, affordable back up phone for everyday use. The minutes are doubled, and affordable. Basically you can have a working cellphone for approximately 10-15 dollars a month if you only use it infrequently for calls. It's our back up phone and useful for when we travel or just to have an extra. We used it for a week while one of our cellphones was out for repair. I also let our sitter use it because she doesn't have a cell and we no longer have a landline. A great, cheap option.

THIS PHONE HAS A WONDERFUL SCREEN: CLEAR AND LARGE WITH NO DISTORTION.  IT IS SIMPLE TO SET UP AND USE:THE LARGER NUMBER PAD REDUCES MISDIALING ERRORS ON YOUR OUTGOING CALLS.THE SINGLE SHORTCOMING I FOUND IS THAT EVEN SET AT THE LOUDEST RING, THE PHONE IS DIFFICULT TO HEAR WHEN IT IS IN A POCKETBOOK.  THIS IS MORE CONFUSING SINCE THE TONE SOUNDED WHEN YOU TURN THE PHONE ON  IS MUCH LOUDER THAN THE &#34;RING TONE&#34; FOR AN INCOMING CALL.  I HAD ASSUMED THAT THE &#34;RING TONE&#34;  COULD BE SETAS THE LOUDEST FUNCTION ON THE PHONE.OVERALL, THOUGH, A GOOD PHONE FOR THE MONEY.

Love this phone!  Better service than my old motorola.  Keeps charge well.  Why pay more??  This has easy to read face & buttons.

Super easy to set up love the big keys and the radio and flashlight...way cool. I even got my mom to get one!!

I purchased this phone for my somewhat picker senior citizen husband. He balked as it has &#34;old man buttons&#34; but once the phone got here and I set it up for him, he loves it!  He said his big fingers find the buttons just the right size and he can see them at a quick glance. He is really please, and so am I!

I got this phone for my mother-in-law who is used to using a Jitterbug. She has trouble opening up a thin phone and is confused by too much technology.  The numbers are big, there is a button on the back of the phone that reminds you what your own phone number is and another button that unlocks the phone.  And the price is right.

I bought this at RadioShak. They tried to activate it. It didn't work. I took it back to the store. They spent 3 hours on the phone, Alcatel said they wouldn't service it because it was 2 days later. The clerk got them to take the call. They eventually said it was fixed. It wasn't. Back on the phone--they said it needed a new SIM card. I got the SIM card and it worked for a few days. BUT--I cannot get my voicemail messages. I took it back to the store. The clerk wouldn't call the company again, Today the battery is dead after being charged all night. The phone is less than 2 months old. What a piece of junk, I've had Motorola tracphones for 5 years and never had a problem. Tracphone, you should drop Alcatel. The customer support is terrible, the quality of the phone is shoddy, and the company doesn't even provide a user manual. The online manual is horrible, Don't waste any money this junk. Tracphone needs tp find a company that supports its users.

I purchased this phone for my mom because she can't see well. She loves the phone and it's easy for her to use.

I recently bought 2 of these phones for my wife and me. We love the phone for its ease of use and basic features. However, It rapidly starts discharging the battery even with minimal use. Even in standby mode, the battery charge indicator will drop down a bar if it is on for just a few hours. This is without even making a call. It does this on both phones. I worry about how long the phone would last if an emergency arose and I actually needed to make repeated calls on it.

Very nice cell phone numbers are big enough to see easily and the reception is very clear. Only minor complaint is the ringer is over complicated to set but once you do it no problem perhaps more detailed instructions would have been nice. Also display is very bright and easy to see, All in all very satisfied with this purchase.

nothing fancy, just works very well, even with FM reception signal is very strong. It comes with a car charger with a USB line. It eliminates my MP3 player which ia always in my pocket when running outside. Solid 5 stars

I love it real nice big numbers with out all the complicated whistels and bells. would not think twice in buying ANOTHER

If you want and excellent phone to talk and text  and you like a large and lighted key pad then you will love this phone.

The only thing I like about this phone is that the numbers are BIG to see and read.  The flashlight is great.  The speaker phone is the only way I could hear it,  and that was barely. The normal volume sound....hard to hear clearly.  Had no Camera,  I thought all phones came with camera's theses days, I was very disappointed.  Would NOT recommend for Senior Folks at all because of the sound quality.  No caller ID either,  which I thought it had. The caller ID was the number,  not the name.  Would not buy again.

my husband just couldn't get use to punching those little numbers on most cell phones, i would say here take this phone with you whrnever he would have to go somewhere by himself and i would worry if he had car trouble of any kind you cant just walk up to anyones door and ask to use their phone. But he would say i cant use that little thing and i cant hear on it either. So I started looking up tracphones and found this one called The Big Easy, it doesnt have a camera, but does have a flashlight and an FM/AM radio and is low static for people who are a little hard of hearing, and of course the big numbers. He really loves it!!!

I bought the other ones for $99 and this one is easier and better in every way then the chinese ones

easily the best phone I've ever had.I love the large buttons and so easy to use. So far, I'm loving it!

I picked this phone for the large numbers and display options. Menus are easy to navigate and  understand. I do wish there was a quicker way to make a call from the contacts list. I would recommend this phone for any one

I bought this phone for my grandmother. She had wanted a cell phone for years. She's 83 years old and never had one before. I set everything up on it for her so she can use the phonebook in it. It took some time to get her use to using it but she loves it. She is very hard of hearing and has to use hearing aids, but she can hear fine on this phone without them. Glad I got it for her. I got one for my mother last year for Christmas.

You can get this phone at retail outlets anywhere in the US, but it will cost more.  The main advantages to this particular phone are that the keys are big and the sound is amplified.  These qualities are good for seniors, like my parents, who do not see or hear well.  The phone does not have all the features my children would want, however.

I like it okay, but some of the numbers &#34;catch&#34; or feel broken underneath, when pushed.  I do like the keys being larger, for my arthritic fingers to push.  I mostly use this to text my kids and medication alarm.  If I needed a phone for heavy use, I would invest in something better.

This is an excellent phone for someone who only wants to make and receive telephone calls. I could even have done without the fm radio and flashlight.

I purchased this phone for my great-grandfather to use. Everything was perfectly simple, except the lock mechanism that activated at what seemed like every seconds making it difficult for my grandfather to understand how to bring it back on and make a call and there is no way of adjusting or removing the timing. Overall, it is supremely simplistic and great for minimalist.

I bought it for my 87 year old uncle in case of emergency as he lives alone it will not work at his home.  I have a tracfone myself and it works great at his house I don't understand this

I bought this for my 22-year-old grandson and it works perfectly. The double-minutes for-life feature of Tracfone is a must.

I received this last night so this review is just about delivery and set up.  I'll have more after I get to use it a little.The shipping and receiving were of course flawless Amazon.The phone and accessories were well packaged and no damage.  I still find it hard to believe how hard plastic can be to break into though.Setup was .........mmmmm ...........not so good but came out all right.  Followed the instructions very very very carefully to do it online but when it came to the last set of numbers I had a blank screen.  So it was off to customer service which I knew from the past would be a headache.As usual the phone connection to tracfone was poor.  I had difficulty understanding her.  She had just as much difficulty understanding me.  BUT we persevered and SUCCESS.  My old number and my time and minutes were transferred to my new phone.Ring tone was set.  Lock time set.  First addition to phone book.  Everything I wanted to do was done with a minimum of effort.  However it was done intuitively because directions were scanty at best.  There is an online tutorial but I had the phone set up before I read it.So ... big buttons, big screen display, loud ring, lock out button ... for a fumble fingered, hard of hearing, sixty six year old man, I think I am going to like this phone.UPDATE 12/29 I have had this for about a week now and am totally satisfied with it.  Does what I want it to do with minimum fuss...that is make calls, receieve calls with no dropping of signal...clear reception and hearing...keypad locked so no unintential dialing...easy menu...the only problem I had when I turned it off in church not knowing it plays a jingle when it closes...so now if I forget I will use menu to go to "silent" mode...not that big a deal but more steps than just power off.  So I thought I was going to like and "I DO!"I had my old motorola flip phone for four years.  Hope I get four years out of this one.  I will keep you posted.UPDATE 5/25/13Just ordered one of these for my Dad.  88 years old and some hearing problems but we think this might be a good "emergency" phone.So far mine has done exactly what I want it to do.  We were in western OK this week and my phone was functional.  My wife's ... no signal!!!

it works a lot better than my old phone  im very hard of hearing and i can hear on this phone tracfone is not the best network but it satisfies me  im 76 years old

the battery does not last long due to having no cover.  Everytime something touches the front the light goes on and the battery wears down.  Very sensitive

I like the phone, it just doesn't work. After four weeks, long sessions on the phone to tracfone trying to solve the problem, a new SIM card mailed out I still cannot program the phone, store contacts,or make and receive calls. However it DOES  light up, turns on and off okay.

This is a very nice phone for the money and is ideal for your elderly parents. Large buttons with nice basic features provides reliable service. The phone came with a nice stand.

The phone itself looks great. However, I have been waiting for a week to port the number. Their 800 number did not help me.

We hope this will be a good phone for my husband with poor technical skills.  The large numbers and readable screen are very friendly.  Big disappointment when he got the message that there were no service days left after only a week.  He purchased 90 days.  Guess we will be calling tracphone soon to identify the problem.

After reading the user reviews I decided that this phone meets my basic requirements forcommunicating on the road and around town.  I have not actually placed the unit in serviceas I am waiting for my cell number to port.

I finally found a phone that meets my needs.  Simple, with just the features I need.  Lage keys, easy to use, good direcions.  I reccomend it to anyone needing a phone over 50.

Can't unlock it. It is my phone I should be able to do with it whatever I desire, not TARCFONE.

This is a good phone for the elderly or disabled with vision problems. It has a brightly lit screen and key board and is easy to use. The only complaint I have is there are no different ring tones for it as of yet.

tracfone is the best thing to have there are no contracts or bills to pay i love it because i can see it the bottons

Gifted this Alcatel tracfone to my 83yr old neighbor, to replace her old tracfone flip phone with its tiny keypad. She was initially nervous at learning a new phone but the positives far outweighed the negatives. The keypad is large & lighted & responsive. She loves the large easy to read screen. I showed how she can have the phone dial her contacts without having to manually dial each time. Its a nice solid phone & Amazon's price was $10 less than all local stores.

Very pleased with this phone so far. Everything is very clear to hear on both ends. Easy porting # & activation but had to call customer service to get my minutes transferred. Very bright display, nice big keys plus you can now have backlight lit for a full minute instead of the annoying 2 seconds. Had an Alcatel modem years ago that just would not quit so hoping phone will be same standard of mfgr. Seems to pull in signal stronger then older phone.

I Would buy again, great price, great product, shipped fast! Easy to use for older people. Easy to activate.People at Tracfone were helpful too.

I AM SATISFIED WITH THIS PHONE, NO CONTRACTS WITH PHONE CO, I USE IT WHEN I AM OUT OF THE HOUSETHANK YOU

nice big numbers no camera but do not need that no browsing the internet do not need that, like the nice big numbers and phone works everywhere had tracfone for years pleased with all the phones they all work well

Just what I needed

iam very happy with my new purchase. it was a good phone to buy and worth the money. thank you

Thisis a simple phone with nice big numbers, but overall not big or bulky. Just what we were looking for. Very happy with it.

Hubby wanted a simple phone and this is it.  The package came with double minutes for life so that is great too.Package also included a car and base charger.He is very happy with it.

It was exactly what I was looking for.  My husband has big fingers and found it very difficult to dial his flip phone.  We wanted an inexpensive, simple phone with large numbers and this is perfect.  You can't beat the price!  We have used Tracfone for quite a while and are pleased with the service.  My smart phone is a Tracfone.

I like this phone.  I was going to buy it from Amazon but they wanted like 45bux for it and I know I saw it other places for half that.  So, I found a place that had it for $29 and just for the heck of it I sent them an electronic mail blurb and gave them the url of the other place and wouldn't you know it?  Amazon dropped their price to $29, so I grabbed it and got the free 2 day shipping.  Kind of a no-brainer!  :)

phone is just what I wanted. Large keys and all. I like the extras of radio and flashlight. I live in a basement apt. and the signal works fine. I am very happy with my new phone and when I set it up the service people were extremely helpful.

As others have said the supplied documentation is very lacking for this phone. Guess if you don't have a home computer your only option is to call customer service for tracfone. Its even hard to find answers on their website without fumbling around the site for the right location..... Most answers can be found at[...]......but even this pdf is not complete and other answers must be found in their FAQ section of site for this particular phone. So get ready to fumble around their website some more.I had the hardest time in figuring out how to properly enter contacts. The activation took a few minutes on their website and took about 30 minutes or so for your actual phone number to appear on the phone. The above lack of supplied docs is why I give it 4 stars. Everything else is pretty easy to setup .I'am only using it in case of road or outside emergencies which for its price is a excellent buy.

This would get 0 stars, but I have not been able to actually try the phone, and after all I bought it as a backup.Could not activate through TracFone's web site - no real explanation, just said 'call customer support'. Then the fun started.After several attempts to get someone at 'customer support' who could understand English, I was finally told that the SIM card that came with the phone was invalid. I need a new one. Then several more minutes spelling my home address, over and over, until she got it right. I doubt I ever see it. If not, I'll use it for target practice and YouTube it.Worst customer support I've ever seen.

I am a senior, and am not real savvy of lot of the modern electronics..... like cell phones.  I really only wanted a phone that I could carry in the car for emergencies, nothing fancy.  This phone has features that are really desirable to me.  It has larger lighted keys, indicators for minutes remaining, number of service days left, battery charge level, background noise reduction, flashlight, FM radio, and a long list of features I will probably never like voicemail, caller ID, call waiting, texting and more.Although they are not mentioned in the description, this phone comes with a car charger, a wall charger, a USB charger, and a charging dock.  I my experience so far, this is a good &#34;entry level&#34; phone, and only $20!

I bought this phone is  replacement phone, I am a senior citizen and my hearing and eye sight not so good, the keys are great and it is easy to use but the ring is not loud enough on the highest setting unless i have the phone right next to me and I have to use the speaker to hear the person I am talking to, it is a very inexpensive phone with double minutes

I ordered this phone for a friend and was very impressed with the large numbers on it. It's a phone to have.

If you or someone you know is &#34;low vision&#34; impaired, this phone is a good solution.  The phone is simple.  There is not a lot of technology so the user won't be confused by it and rack up a lot of internet time or get lost in the menus.  It is simply a nice cell phone with big buttons and a larger screen.

The features and the ease of using the phone is a great improvement, however the signals are not consistent enough.  Have had several issues trying to make calls and signals cutting up during conversation.

I have been without power, gas, or water for weeks in the Colorado floods. When they overcharged my VISA card, they refused to do anything because "I should have called sooner!" Unbelievable!

I originally chose this phone for it's large keypad and numbers.  I also chose this phone because it was prepaid and I thought it would be easy for my husband to use.  I had never used a prepaid or Tracfone in the past.  I find my expectations have been met, however, ease of use is more difficult.  The slide for on and off are difficult to use.

Had 3 SIM cards to try and make it work. No I have no phone at all because Tracfone is not easy to work with. Just during one phone conversation (which I spent many hours working on this to try and get it to work) they asked my number 31 times. Now they say that number doesn't exist. I have lost my minutes because they have not sent me another phone that would work. I would never use Tracfone if I were in the market for a phone. The customer service is terrible. I don't have a home phone. So here I sit without a phone, handicapped and senior. It I try and talk to them on line..they just cut me off. So I am going through the BBB. Maybe they can get this resolved for me.

I love this phone!  It has Big numbers so I can see and use the number pad.  I have no problem calling from anywhere, and you can t beat the price !

got this for my son. seems to be exactly what he was looking for. No camera, and no Browser, just what he wanted

This phone has everything we needed in a phone. No contract or hassle. The numbers are easy to read and dial. The size is great - fits in your pocket, and just the right weight. True, it does not have the features on a smartphone, but if that's not a priority, then this is the right phone. There can be some reception problems, but only sometimes. Bought it for my 81 year old mother, and am considering getting one for myself. She has found it to be &#34;easy&#34;.

I bought this for my elderly mother and kept it for two weeks after activating it just to &#34;see&#34; how it did and learn everything about it.  I had no reception problems, I tested it the battery and it last 10 days with 90% stand-by usage.  The other 10% was testing the speed dialing, learning the user settings, etc.  I would have given it 5 stars except it's not the easiest to set up, especially voice mail which I believe is through AT&T; for this phone.  A word of warning for potential buyers - it's best to &#34;turn the voice mail on&#34; from the phone then hang up.  Turn the phone off (or reject the call when it rings) and go into voice mail calling on another phone and pressing * at the prompts.  You can eat up minutes quickly trying to figure out all the options.I just recently gave the phone to my mother.  She seemed to be pleased but hasn't had to use it yet.  I will update this after she's had a chance to get used to it.

I can't say enough about this phone.  It is wonderful for someone that wants no frills and so easy to use.  I am 79 and use hearing aids  and it is great.

I got this phone for my husband (age 78) who had never used a cell phone before!!  It was easy for him to learn how to use it. The numbers are nice and big (he has very large hands) and the screen is easy to read.  It would be nice if they had a cover to protect the phone but I would definitely recommend it.

I got this phone for my mom.  She wanted something that was easy to use, so this phone fit the bill perfectly!  She likes it alot!

it's a great lil phoneI like the big lighted buttons,flashlight and radio.it would be good if there was a user manual come with it.

When I saw that TRACFONE had called 1 of their newest phones THE BIG EASY it was plain 2C that this phone had my 75 year old mother's name on it. She really loves the easy to read buttons & when it comes to the flashlight feature she is the hero of her garden club when they go to the movies.

My dad is legally blind but this unit was a good replacement for his older unit which had small keys.  You now have to find this unit in the aftermarket.  I recommend looking for this one on ebay as it was not available anymore from the regular sources.  It comes with the TracFone SIM if it is a sealed package.

This is a basic cell phone. Its chief asset is the large buttons which is handy for people with vision problems.

I purchased this phone for my hubby and in less than a year we purchased a new one and the reason was because the phone kept deleting all the contacts.  Hopefully it's replacement, another &#34;Big Easy&#34; with flip cover won't do that. I don't know if it was because there wasn't a cover for the original Big Easy or just a defect in the phone but it was a nuisance to have to keep adding contacts to the phone.

got this for my 70 year old mother in law as her first phone. she only uses it to call out but when putting it together and teaching her how to use it it was really easy to use. she loves that it has big buttons she can see. gets pretty good reception and sounds clear.

This is exactly what I need.  The large buttons light up, the numbers are big, the displays are so easy to use.  I would highly recommend this for lot of folks who have trouble with those tiny numbers on some of the phones.

This is the second phone purchased.  After getting one for my wife, I decided I had to upgrade to this phone also.Essentials that I like:1. Excellent signal reception.2. Great call clarity (for a cell phone).3. Phone cradle for counter top.  It is always charged.4. It comes with a car charger.  Some extra &#34;insurance&#34; against low battery for the car (just in case), at no extra charge.5. Nice feel to keys.6. It was only $20 on Amazon - great value for your money.Some nice extras:7. The built in FM radio gets excellent reception and seems to have no impact on battery life, and automatically pauses for incoming calls. I never thought I would like this, but have used it a fair amount. It has a built in scan function and it automatically enters all stations it finds in numbered presets, so you can easily change channels. It is sort of like a car radio.8. Built in LED flashlight.9. Built in calculator that works well.Ability to lock the keypad so you do not accidentally dial from your pocket.10. An alarm clock feature that is very easy to use.  Have an upcoming appointment, quickly set an alarm. Again, like the radio, I never thought I would use something like this but find myself periodically using it.11. Built in calendar and stored notes. Have not used much, but they are in there.Bottom line is that if I lost this phone, I would definitely go out and purchase another one again.

I got this for my mother who needed bigger buttons. It's ok for her except it's still a little more complicated than I was hoping. It's a fine product though.

Easy!

I got this for my dad after he had a stroke. His previous phone was a flip phone with small buttons that he can no longer use or even open easily. This works perfectly for him- a basic bar style phone with big buttons.

I bought this for my dad, and the batteries no longer work after 3 days. Huge disappointment!!!! I rather invest in a Nokia.

Wife got it working again. OK for my level of use. I am a cell clutz, and don't care to go beyond that level. I am 73 and glad these weren't around to disrupt the free flow of my peaceful mental revelry in my younger years.First Review:Bought for March trip to Hawaii. Made about 5 calls total. Now May, 2 months later and Battery Kaput, won't take a charge.Cheap phone - in every way.  Seemed OK when it worked.

This is the perfect phone for the retired computer electronics geek who has retired to a less complex and simple digital life

This is a nice size cell phone.  The large buttons are great, no more squinting to see the numbers!  There are two things that could be improved upon -- the ringer is weak and there should be a way to unlock the phone permanently. It auto locks the keypad and I feel that should be a user controlled item.

I bought this phone for an older relative who has some difficulty with shakiness in the hands.  The phone is equipped with a larger keypad and keys which make it very easy to operate. The screen is well lit and the phone is very simple to use. It was well priced, shipped promptly, and is exactly what we needed. The Tracphone comes with double minutes for life which is a great bonus. I would recommend this phone to anyone requiring a good basic phone.

Exclent shipping. Perfect for older folks like me. Very easy to understand how it operates. Recieves strong signal. Good buy.

Perfect solution for emergency phone in car by second driver. For a total of about $100 per year, one can have access to 911 or other emergency numbers even when primary phone holder is not in car.

This phone takes the opposite approach of the new phones. Big buttons, simplified menus, flashlight, and easy contact menu make this the best simple phone possible. I bought this one for my dad who hates using phones and gets confused with technology. This has been great for him because all he wants is a phone for emergencies and doesn't want to get confused by it.

I purchased this for a relative who needed a phone that was easy to use and had big numbers, and she absolutely loves it. We both believe that phones are just for making calls, not for watching movies and playing games, and I have a Tracfone too. I would recommend this to anyone.

This is a great little phone. Purchased for my mom who needs the numbers to be big, but really, this phone is good for anyone. I like that it has a flashlight as one of its features. Tracfone prices and service is great.

I ordered this phone for my mother who has a hard time seeing the numbers on other phones.  This phone is exactly what I was looking for.  She has no problems seeing the numbers and operating this phone.  It is also very simple to use.

I had to call for a new battery.  It is dying all the time.  I am receiving a new battery from Tracfone. Case number is 1074862991.  I hope it is the battery and not the phone itself!??????  We will see!

I had an old tracfone which was not user friendly and had very poor sound quality. This phone is very easy to use but there is no manual regarding the use of the menus. I did get help on the phone when I purchased minutes. The double minutes arrangement is great. Now I have a couple thousand minutes for the price of one package. Stays charged pretty well. My friends have commented on the clarity. The only complaint I have is the interface is not that great.

This phone is perfect for my low tech,advanced age,Mom.The big buttons help her in dialing. She loves the FM radio and the charger stand is very east to use. She could care less if it doesn't connect to the net. The most complicated device is the &#34;Lock button&#34;

I got this for my dad who just wanted a BASIC phone to keep in his car in case of emergencies. No apps, no camera, no games, no fancy calendar, no music- just a simple, straightforward, easy-to-use phone. This phone certainly fit the bill. It's modern enough (digital ringtones, digital screen, etc- much nicer than the cell phones I remember from about ten years back) but this phone's basic purpose is making and receiving phone calls and it does so simply.

I've been through two other cell phones for my Mom, trying to find one that was simple enough for me to explain and her to use.  This is the one.  I love the big buttons and relatively big screen.  When I need a new cell for myself, I'll get this one.

My mother saw this model phone at a local Kroger store and wanted to buy one due to the large buttons and double minutes.  The Kroger store was selling them for $29.99 plus tax but had none in stock.  Kroger called the district office and was told they didn't have this model in stock.  I went onto amazon and found the exact model my mother was trying to purchase for $9.99 and an addition $5.89 shipping and handling.We received the phone and had it fully charged within 6 days.  I helped my mother get the phone set up and added an addition 60 minute card; total airtime received was 130 minutes.  I called her phone letting it ring on various setting 3 times only to discover the ring tones weren't loud enough!  I spoke with  my mother later that evening and she informed me that she and one of my sisters discovered the longer the phone rings the louder the ringer gets!  I didn't read about the ring tones getting louder in any of the reviews I read on amazon.I was thrilled to find the model my mother was interested in now that she finally agreed to get an emergency phone!

Fast shipping! Perfect package for individuals who are not very cell phone savvy.  I purchased this for my parents and the phone is just what they needed.

No...it is not an android phone. It just makes calls and text messages. Keyboard is big and easy to read. Speaker is clear. I will be using this phone for years to come. Feels good in my hands....also....has an fm radio and a flashlight...both work well...you get a good value for your money with this phone.

does what is required: i can can dial the big buttons, press &#34;boost&#34; or &#34;speaker&#34; to hear better, and no internet or picture taking to confuse.

This is a relatively large, easy to use mobile phone.  Tones are loud and clear, a benefit to those of us that do not hear as well.  The keypad lock is a good thing.  My biggest gripe is the lack of availability of a comprehensive manual to guide and explain through the various set-up and use steps.  This is especially true for the Security part, i.e., password, PIN's, etc.  The available manuals and instructions are sketchy and not very well detailed.  In a call to TracFone's technical people, I was told that it would take a few days for all the in-phone data to be installed.  It has only been a couple of days since activation, so I am still waiting for this.  Thus far the TracFone people have been very helpful.

Needed a new phone compatable with Tracphone and liked the reviews I saw on te Alcatel 382G.  Didn't read the description carefully, I guess, because the feature I wanted - easy texting - was not there.  Next time I'll read more carefully.

I bought this for my 91 year old, fairly tech savvy mother inlaw, but you have to press/slide this side button (there are 4! 2 on each side) before you can activate it each time- what is that about???I liked the large number pad.  I got it so she could have it in her assisted living apartment.  For $10, its ok.  I'd rather have to toss a $10 item than a more expensive one.  Oh well.

It does what it says and it is easy to use for people that like big keys and simplicity, I bought it for a relative that likes to keep things simple. It is easy to charge with the charger stand which makes it nice also.

This phone has been reliable and very easy to use.  Good Geezer phone for those without the need for bells and whistles.

I got this phone for the big numbers for my husband. It drops calls all the time.  At the best of times he may only have 2 bars, he will talk and walk into next room and call is over. Someone calls him he answers it and call is dropped. We have 2 other trac phones in house and we have no problem with them.

Easy to use and big buttons that I can see. Does everything I need. Highly recommend. You will not be disappointed.

That's what I'm talking about. This phone has just about &#34;smart&#34; nothing-- which is great. Better reception than the last couple of phones I've had. Talk and Text --what more do you need-- it's keypad entry only though, albeit large buttons help. It even has a &#34;quality&#34; built-in FM stereo radio function with headphone jack, and flashlight --to boot!

Purchased for my mother-in-law to replace existing phone. Just a basic phone for emergency use. For the money its hard to beat it.

I bought this for my parents.  It was VERY EASY to set up and add minutes to.  Not sure what carrier this uses (If you read up, I recall you can tell based on the suffix or part of a text sent using the phone.  For me personally I don't care, as I probably don't have a choice in the matter anyways.  The phone itself seems very well built, with a nice easy to read display.  The features are basic, but does include a flash light (actual dedicated switch and LED) that some elderly may find useful whe fiddling with keys.The phone as probably already stated includes double minutes for life, which is a big plus. you also can carry over minutes if you renew before the cards experation.  The table top charger station/ holder is also great.The sound quaility is OK to good, depending on signal.  Not Great or outstanding.  I asked Verizon about their types of phones and thier claims to have or use the major networks phone lines for clear transmission.  What I was told was basically they do use the major carriers newtwork, (Verizon, At&T;, Sprint etc.) HOWEVER the networks can detect these signals and filter them or somehow prioritize them to use sub frequencies or more compression.  So yes, they do use the major networks, but don't have the same priority or signal quality.For occational use, this phone is perfect.  If your a heavy user or texter, you may want to look further into who they are using for towers and see if they offer a better signal.  I happy with this purchace, for occational use by my elderly parents.

Easy to use, nice screen good ring just and allaround good phone.

Had an LG800 Smartphone, in a deal package from HSN....had 3 of them; something wrong with each one.........so decided I didn't really need all the 'smartphone' features, which I never used anyway.So I found the Alcatel by searching 'button phones' on the web......My local Target store had them so I got it...I LOVE TracFone, by the way.......The Alcatel is very well designed.....so easy to use....I thought it a little weird that it had a built-in flashlight and FM radio, but what the heck....The only thing I'm not too sure about is how to use the 'alarm' function....but I did find a toll-free number for the co. so will call & ask them.and by the way, this phone will automatically give you double minutes with TracFone; you don't have to buy a special card as it says on the back of the minutes card you buy........just use the regular minutes/time card and the minutes are doubled automatically......This phone offers over 30 ringtones, which is a nice choice to have....and also has an 'airplane' setting for use in noisy backgrounds.....All in all, a very well thought-out phone!!!I'm startled to see that it's now even LESS than what I paid for it, which was $29.99 at Target, reduced $10; now it's reduced even more.....oh well!!Also found out that it just came out in August of this year, so it's not some older model!!!So if you want an easy to use cell phone with great design and features, this is the one for you!!!Also, with TracFone, your minutes are automatically doubled with this phone....

Finally, a phone that I not only can see the numbers on, but I don't have to worry about hitting 3 buttons at one time.Knowing that I only wanted a plain phone, not a camera, internet service or any of the latest garbage offered, my brother found this phone model on one of those shop-at-home networks.Since I didn't want to order from some TV show, I scanned amazon and found the same phone, and at a cheaper price.Not only do I love this phone, I was surprised it came with a built-in FM radio that uses very little battery power when left on 8 hours straight.I hope amazon has this phone in stock as I will be placing another order for my 8 year old granddaughter after posting this review.

I purchased this phone for my 83 year old mother. She has macular degeneration and has trouble seeing. The large buttons and slightly larger screen is a big help. She does not use the phone a lot, so the prepaid minutes will last her a long time.

You can't go wrong with this phone.  Nice and large button design.  Great button lock so that when the phone is in your pocket, it does not dial on its' own.  I like the flash light feature, when I need to use my house key at night.  Like the charging cradle - you just pop it in the cradle to charge.  When you have arthritis it's great to not have to struggle to use a cell phone.
