
Everything I expected, but I received a charger to use only international. I had to purchase a charger and I did't receive the case I was promised. Overall the phone is very nice.

I like cellular this one, work excellently for digitel in venezuela, I recommend it to him, it is an amazing telephone

Althou in Chile there's no 4gLte network available, still works on 3g flawlessly.i read that it has major problem with the chinese keyboard..... that's because people don't read and don't try to configure. i already turn off that keyboard (and it's seem pretty good one since it let them wrote those kanjis)second, ive read about fail on underwater performance. Mine is perfectly working even recording videos or taking pictures.it has a great speed to spit applications.mhl works fine, gps works fine, the stamina options is great but i use it a little since i'd like to drain the battery to recharge and in my normal use (with all day 3g and gps) meet my demand.it connects automatically and easy with my Bravia Led.working on conecctions betwwen Vaio, Ps3 and the sixaxis controll but it requiere rooting.really, it work underwater!!!!

Waterproof, fast, sleek, huge display. Software wise it's android, what more do you want? The Bravia Engine does a good job with videos and pictures. Very realistic photos. Stamina mode works really well. 13mp camera, so NICE.

I love this phone. However, even though this phone has 4G capability, in my country it is not picking up, thus I am stuck with 3G data on my phone. I previously owned the xperia S which had 4G capability but not this new phone. I had my service providers test it out and it cannot work. Apart from this setback its a great phone.

I really love it. Is very simple to use and is very fast and is one of the best cellphone ever.

I have been a Samsumg fan for the past 4 years and had the t-259, then the galaxy s1, s2, and s3.  Decided to branch out with the Xperia Z and have not been disappointed.Pros:  Great looks - everyone asks what phone I have.  Looks much better than all phones except maybe the HTC one and iphone 5.  Waterproof is more of a plus than I thought it would be - makes it so convenient not to have to worry - the speakerphone is fuzzy for a few hours after being in water.  Good battery life - When i use it a ton, the battery does go down, but have made it every day in the past week with about 20% when I go to bed.  Sony programs on the phone are much better than the tmobile and samsung bloatware that was on the samsung phones.Cons: Battery not replaceable (samsung special).  Fingerprints smudge the glass easily.  I've heard the glass cracks easily - not super durable.Overall I am super impressed.  More than happy with the new phone.

Excelent Camera, excelent software, very good battery, really WATERPROOF and dustproof, this phone and xperia Z1 are the best phones in the world

It's is just Okay...It's getting full heat very quickly...and it is also hanging frequently...finally the mobile is not to my expectations as i enjoyed in videos...

I ordered this phone to try something new, was a Galaxy S2 & S3 user. Upon arrival the phone worked great and functioned as all said online. Great functionality and the UI is easy to pickup and use no issues there, sound and music playback is not perfect but OK i personally use headphones anyway. The large screen is great for my everyday use, videos, games, & books, look really nice on screen. Love the camera it eliminated my need for my digital camera, one less item to carry around! Personally tested the water resistant features and it lived up to what is promised, didn't like the fact the speaker went extra quite afterwards though. Overall the phone is a good buy defiantly recommend it for anyone who wants to try something new.However after about 3 days of use the screen started to trip out, the bottom of the screen would flicker and flashing rapidly like a bad matrix code. This was only the bottom of the screen (just above the bottom icons phone, all apps, contacts etc. and just below the home button area). I quickly contacted the shipper and requested a replacement as it got worse from there.FGS Trading is the company i ordered mine from and They are very Quick with support and their response time. I shipped the phone back with no extra charge and got a new one!Up to now the Phone works Flawlessly.

Really enjoying this phone. Excellent battery life. No problem with viewing and out visibility outdoors. Apprehensive about longevity of flaps of used a lot. A dock may remedy

The best part is that you can use it without the fear that you are walking in rain. Good in other aspect too.

I love to be back at Android! after some months with an Iphone 5... it didn't fill my expectations.The battery seems to running quick though, I hope the Stamina mode helps out.

The advertising Sony makes is FALSE: &#34;We submerge Xperia Z under water for 30 minutes - and make sure it's good as new when it comes out. It's Also resistant to water jets!&#8221;, the phone was wet less than one minute and I didn&#8217;t work anymore, the supplier and Sony denied his responsibility with warranty and I lost my money, this is the WORST PRODUCT I EVER BOUGHT. I do not recommend buying this phone, this brand and supplier. I WAS CONNED.La publicidad de Sony hace es FALSA: &#34;Sumergimos Xperia Z bajo el agua durante 30 minutos - y aseg&uacute;rese de que sale como nuevo. Tambi&eacute;n es resistente a los chorros de agua&#34;, el tel&eacute;fono fue mojado menos de un minuto y no funcion&oacute; m&aacute;s, el proveedor y Sony negaron su responsabilidad con la garant&iacute;a y ahora yo perd&iacute; mi dinero, este es el PEOR PRODUCTO QUE HE COMPRADO. NO recomiendo ni el tel&eacute;fono, ni la marca y ni el proveedor. FUI ESTAFADO.

I'm switching carriers next month and I've chosen T-Mobile but I love this phone's specs. I wanna know if the phone works on T-Mobiles 4g and 4g lte?

this sony phone is a nice phone ,even though it is unlocked it would not get the t-mobile stuff. I took it to t-mobile and there was nothing they could do for me with this phone. they said it might work better with sprint or some one else. if i could sell this phone to some one that could use it i will. as I already got another one from t-mobile.

My son got this phone yesterday straight from tmobile and within an hour of getting it home the screen broke. This product is ridiculous and Sony or Tmobile will do anything but tell me it has to be placed in a claim. This is so crazy and unfair.

After six months some water wet the cellphone and never turns on again. I sent it to Sony and after two months I'm still waiting... This is the worst cellphone I've ever had

After being a Nokia fan and symbian user for a looong time this is my second android phone.I always loved the quality of Nokia products, they are top of the top.  BUT, since they dropped symbian and WP7.5 really did not wonders for me (REAL MULTITASKING is what I need) i finally switched.I had a Lumia 800, which is a very beautiful phone, so I am in no way to settling for less (in terms of quality).This phone is beautiful,  maybe just a bit too flashy (I own the white version and It always wows people).Ultra smooth interface, packed with ACTUALLY GOOD apps from Sony, the battery stamina mode is an awesome feature!Dustproof, waterproof...  the camera takes great pictures.  Some people complained that in the darkness the shots were not very good but I just downloaded an upgrade that might fix that.  (In my oppinion the pictures are great).

Amazing display, vivid color, fast really fast cellphone, and Y&eacute;s it is waterrproof. Sony is back to face the big ones.

Awesome device, i checked very well everything working very well, i don't regret at all not having LTE since i use mifi

it's a really good phone and the shippement and the delivery was fast..Thank you :)its better tan the other phones and the wather prof resistence is really good.

I've had my Xperia Z for about 4 months now, so it's been a while. The phone is beautifully designed, with rubberized edges and corners, back and front glass, and minimalist wake button on the right side of the phone.The phone IS actually water-proof as it was the first thing i tested back when i first opened and fired it up. I've dropped it a couple times from a height of 4-5 ft and its still the same phone when i opened the box. The phone actually comes with a film for the front and back so no case nor film is necessary.I use my phone to play the occasional games (Minecraft) and also a lot of video playback and music. Opening apps is quick and split second responsive; something I was not used to coming from using an Apple iPhone 4. Multi-tasking is smooth and sometimes i don't even have to open some apps to read details since they can be seen through the multiple window button on the bottom right side. Also! If you're reading this, Sony is actually going to offer Android Kit-Kat in the following weeks so its a great offer for the phone!Battery life is an all day deal. But this is only achievable through turning on stamina-mode in the settings which turns antenna connections on and off periodically when the phone is asleep. This is HUGE considering the battery life my previous phone offered! Also, charging from almost dead to full battery is actually very snappy considering the thin design factor of the phone.All in all, I love this phone and Sony Customer Service. I'll definitely buy another Sony Xperia in the future.T-Mobile contract with my phone, not unlocked.

i purchase this equipment and i used in mexico this fantastic product its so much better than the z1 its amazing

specifies all well as advertising, are responsible and must be gacias all congratulations and hope to make other purchases with you

nothing to say about the xperia z, everything is just perfect about itgreat perfomance and baterry lifegreat quality product

There's an old nursery rhyme that goes:&#34;There was a little girl, who had a little curl, right in the middle of her forehead.And when she was good, she was very, very good,but when she was bad, she was horrid.&#34;This device is like that little girl.  I bought it because of the design and the waterproof case.  These are perfect.But what they don't tell you in the reviews is that Sony's software is terrible, and the radios in the phone are no good.  I had to switch carriers, and their coverage is worse than they'll tell you, and this device can't even use the coverage that is there.  It's the worst of three phones that I've used in my house.  It'll show three bars of signal, but then when you try to make a call, it will say &#34;no coverage&#34; and fail to connect.  It has &#34;wifi calling&#34;, but that doesn't work half the time, either.  Again, it will say it's connected, but fail when you actually try to use it.Sony's software is pretty much unchanged from 5 year's ago.  It wasn't up to iTunes standard then, and now is just pitiful.  And there are five different music and video players to choose from, each unable to play the other ones' media.If you want a cool toy to impress your friends, this is definitely one.  If you want a robust, useful tool that is also brilliantly designed, this one fails.  Unfortunately review sites are full of people who care only about coolness and not about utility.

Very cool phone. Excellent camera and video quality. Good battery life. Excellent easy interface. Definitely buy a case for this.

I love the xperia z. Its squareness. Waterproofness. The superb camera (although it's sort of hit or miss). The software is sort of trashy but it's software. You can change it.Sony however has decided tonroyally screw anyone who buys their phone. First of all the rubber seals on the flaps covering the power and headphone jacks (to make the waterproof) are defective. They wear out extremely rapidly and often fail. So it's not really waterproof. Second of all Sony's attitude towards all this. Sony has the worst customer care in America. To get new flaps I would have to send my phone to them and it would take them a month to put new rubber seals on the flaps. Oh and I would pay for shipping and that's not part of the month. So if you want a phone who's warranty means losing your phone for 2 months, a phone with no support whatsoever, buy the xperia z.

Bought it for water tight feature while doing endurance sportsBattery holds very long timeDIsplay and camera a bit inferior to leading competition but still excellent

With the Sony Xperia Z, I get a phone that looks great while giving me more of the features I need on a time proven Android platform. The phone offers tethering and offers up to 64 Gb if you configure it on the right way. It is an upgrade in most every way to Nokia N8 which is still superior to any iPhone.

Great.I just love it.This phone was invented just for people like me.So happy to find a water proof phone and shock proof.Best invention ever!!!

Resolution fantastic, fast, amazing photos, display in full hd. Nothing to complain about. My only fear is to test the possibility of resistance to water it, not sure I want to activate the warranty.

The device came with a European home charger connection. The apps i.e. mobile t.v., web bowers, etc. are German/European and does me no good. If a seller does a function check on his or hers device prior to shipment would not have change the status of being New. The only way I could have initially charge the device is with old style car charge, it would not charge off my USB car port.

It is super good.Especially, design is fantastic. Feeling of handring is also good.When I held Galaxy S4, I felf it was easy to drop, but Xperia is better.

the phone was from a different region,it didn't work on any 4G network work on2G network only,I call Sony to confirm the phone is not from this country and won't work proper in USA, when I return Xperia Z I woz  charge a fee for return.

Excellent product, the phone has great characteristics, new features, last Android, very fast functions, great camera, useful and the best of it wateresistant !!!!!!!!!!

Actually, I bought two unlocked Sony Xperia Z, one is c6602 (US unlocked) from another seller, and the other one is this c6603 (International Unlocked).Overall, this is an excellent smartphone, I have to admit, I do love it. Expect, it's not built for T-mobile US user. You won't be able to use LTE in the US with any carrier on this device, but you can use its 3G function with AT&T; (Why did I bother to get a c6603? c6602 can play on AT&T; and T-mobile 3G network without any problem).However, i am a T-moble user currently pay $50/mo. for national wide unlimited call, text, data and 500MB LTE data plan plus a $10/mo. unlimited international call, text. I have to say T-mobile has the lowest price for all the functions I need, and I am not going to shift my service to AT&T;, therefore, this smart phone becomes dumb phone to me, and I am going to give it to my GF since her carrier will work on this device and her phone is broken recently.So, if you are interested in this device, make sure you understand the LTE function won't work in the US (for now). If you just need an xperia 3G phone, then try c6602.

hi all,recently acquired the sony xperia z , I must say it is one of the best phones of 2013, works perfectly and I 've been lucky that I got the model 14W03 produced this year (2014), I just had to turn it on and get the upgrade to android 4.3 jelly bean 10.4.1.B.0.101, many people talk about whether or not waterproof , just must say it is waterproof but not to live under water with the phonemaybe once in when at the pool but not all the time , much less on the beach. this is an excellent phone, I've had several xperias (sony xperia S , T, V , SP ) and now the Z and have never had problems with any of them , and I assure you that is so and my purchases are more risky than those of you because in my country Venezuela there is no technical support , so what should I learn on my own thanks to forums like XDAdevelopers, Greetings to all from my great country where we are fighting the regime they want to impose ,REMEMBER#PRAYFORVENEZUELA

This phone is amazing . The features are awesome the Sony apps just for this phone make it better . The 13Mp camera is incredible and takes beautiful pics . Also unlike samsung the phone works well with Apple Computer products using Sony bridge for Mac . Yes thats right this phone plays and Stores iTunes easy with out doing any conversions of audio files or using double twist . It was a pain to play any iTunes on My Galaxy SII. The photo software on the Sony has things not available on any camera phone. Smile detection, Burst mode, 1080 Video , 1080p 5in beautiful display, Bravia sync and the ability to use a Ps3 controller for games . The phone is a I phone top competitor in my book and about $250 cheaper. I can't wait to see where sony takes this kind of thinking for the future. Its also water resistant to 3 feet for 30 mins so little splash while listening to music in the shower or by the pool is ok. This is a beautiful phone top to bottom with great accessories available like the smart watch2 , Sbh52 wireless headset with caller id. This is a great phone give it a try over Samsung and you will be happy. With t mobiles buyer remorse what do you have to loose....I think you will love it...Pros: Great for texting, Great web browsing, Long battery life, Easy to use, Great camera, Useful apps, Fun games, WiFi, GPS, 4G, Durable, Large screen, Touch screen, Music, Keyboard, Speakerphone, Volume level, Processor, MemoryI would recommend this to a friend!

Like:- Fast and responsive in every single way- Water resistant. I didnt test it but i think it will survive if a dropped into water.- Call cuality its Ok.- Good skin for android but i think Sony could improve it. Its the most similar to google nexusDislike- Screen its good. Color accuracy improve after the last two updates from sony.- I little big for me. The screen its smaller i get that but the Samsung use the same body of the S3 an put a bigger screen on it.- Its a rectangle in every way. I mean its not easy to hold I show it to a friend and he could notice this too.-Wifi reception its avarage. All the others phone that i got over the years had better wifi antenna.I test this phone now I have a samsung galaxy s4 . Today it will arrive my new HTC ONE. Between the Xperia Z and the Galaxy s4 i wiould prefer the Xperia Z anyday. Now I use the S4 for the screen in terms of performance are very similar. I hope this make your decision.

Very good product. It's a beautiful, fast, light and slim mobile. The earphones are excellent. The upgrade to android 4.2.2 works very well and now I have the last version.

Very good and not so good. Screen is beautiful, and the camera is fantastic, really, the best I have seen.Antenna is weak, only picks up Edge, where my HTC One gets HSDPA.  Annoying to take the cover off to charge. If you wear tight jeans this thing feels like you are carrying a paperback book. The rounded back on my One makes all the difference.Sony Xperia Z C6602 Unlocked Phone with 5 inch HD Display and 1.5GHz Quad-Core Processor--U.S. Warranty (Black)

The phone reach my expectations, It works with every network in Venezuela, is so fast, great video, play and memory performance, elegant design ( I tried it taking pictures under the water it really works haha), you can use the phone with so many aplicattions opened it does not get frozen

The Sony Xperia Z is my third super phone from Sony and oh boy is it fast ! I didn't do my research on this one but it looked good so I pulled out my wallet. Buy a screen protector for it asap as I broke it within 72 hours of purchase.

Just like the title says, don't buy any Sony phone if you value your money. Sony has TERRIBLE support once they sold a phone. I'm not saying Sony stinks, but at least Sony Mobile does stink. Sony makes beautiful phones, but don't let yourself be lured by that, since you will not receive the support you deserve for your money, and that's more important than how your phone looks.Please do yourself a favor and do some research in their support forums  [...] you can see the myriad of faults that ALL of their phones have as well as their lousy support by yourself instead of reading about it from me. Customers are told to wipe their phones in order to "fix" known software bugs, this will obviously not fix it because the problem lies in the software they put in the phone, which will be the same after you wipe it. So they deny bugs rather than fix them and don't care what type of bugs their customers are facing because they are busy launching new phones that new customers will buy instead of making their previous phones work and satisfying their current customers.Their updates are also very very slow, there are customers of this phone that as of today have not received their first software update.Not a single Sony phone has launched with the latest Android and then received Android updates for at least 18 months as they are supposed to.Please value your money and your time and get any other brand, Samsung, HTC, Motorola, just STAY AWAY from Sony, or your will regret it.

This item was not how it's looks like cuz the speaker was no working after 4 minutes.u putting in water

I was really excited to be able to buy a SONY phone. I have always lovede their products, TVs, DVD, Stereo etc. My wife is Japanese and she was also happy to see them being more competitive. However, this has been nothing but trouble. It kept locking when charged (a known problem which was not automatically fixed). Then yesterday it just would not take a charge again. I went to the local SONY service center this lunch time in Bangkok and despite the &#34;Global Warranty&#34; they tell me they cannot fix it as they only have parts &#34;for Thai phones&#34;. So what am I supposed to do? That is my problem apparently. I asked to see the supervisor but he would not meet me. Obviously SONY have no business making phones or supporting customers. This is a big mistake as I select end user devices for one of the largest companies here. They won't get any of my money in future or any from my company if they treat me like this. They should be ashamed.

Bought phone for my daughter. great features, same as mini tablet plus a phone all in one. delivered on time and in perfect condition

It has great features the picture quality is excellent... the phone itself is a good looking phone just that its slightly to big but with the quality of the  phone and everything else that makes the phone wonderful  I LOOOOOVEEEEE IT

Excellent phone. Better than I expected. Always knew it was good. But after the reviews about the screen quality. I beg to differ. Its a wonderful viewing experience

At the onset of this letter let me ascertain this fact to you that I am and will always be an ardent and loyal fan of SONY. In my formative years as a student, the biography of Mr Akio Morita, Made in Japan, was my inspiration of sorts, for thinking "out of the box" and for delivering consistent Quality. I still remember the day I bought my first "Walkman", Oh what a feeling! Then I went on to buy music systems, Televisions, Cordless phones, countless floppy disks, even more CDs and DVDs, my first and only PSP and so on and so forth of only Sony. Despite of all this I somehow had never bought a Sony Mobile phone and a Cybershot camera, but when you launched the `Xperia Z' with the tag line, `The best of Sony in a smart phone' it got me interested infact really interested when you guys made it water resistant. Let me tell you now that I am a Chef and so far almost all my mobile phones have, at some time or the other been adversely affected because of the fact that I sweat a lot. Now I had a phone which would solve this problem and as it is I was looking for a future ready phone which can replace my Blackberry. To top all this I was getting the Amazing Cybershot technology in a 13 MP Full HD Camera which came in the Xperia Z. Now I am also an avid amateur Photographer, I do a lot of food photography with my DSLR. But it is not possible to carry one around in my kitchens all the time because of its bulk. Well Xperia Z solved that problem also for me, and what got me even more excited was the fact that I can do a lot of experimentation with my photography making full use of the phone's water resistant properties. I had done a lot of research on the net before taking the plunge into buying this phone (I was considering the Samsung Galaxy S4, the HTC One and the Iphone 5). I saw demos and videos of the phone in exhibitions where the phone was dunked in water, slammed to the ground, scratched and brutalized in un-imaginable ways. There was even on shop in some country where they had a beautiful model in a shower cubicle having a bath and talking on the phone. Boss this was very impressive!! So I took the plunge and bought the phone, I even waited for 15 days to get the Black color piece. During that fortnight the Samsung Galaxy S4 was launched, I was not and still am not impressed with that phone, for me Xperia Z had everything that I wanted. Finally I got that phone on 22nd of March 2013.I was smiling all the way home from the Croma Shop in Fort, Mumbai from where I purchased the phone. It really is a remarkable phone, and I am a total gadget freak. In just a few days I knew more about the Android OS than my friends who have been using it for the past few years, thanks to the fantastic Sony Interface. On the first day itself I did what most Xperia Z phone owners would do, I did the "Water Test". I felt again like the 14 year old who had bought his first Sony "walkman", now I had a Walkman, Cybershot and Android all in one sexy Package. Thank you Thank you Thank you for this wonderful wonderful thing.> But now the Fairytale ends. Two weeks back I had gone on a vacation with my family to Goa and on the first day itself the phone stopped working. I did take a short video of my children in the pool with some water splashing on the phone. It has become a habit for me that when ever I would take the phone in my hands I would automatically press all the port doors to make sure that they are closed firmly even though I had not opened any one of them. Well I took the photos and kept the phone in the bag. After an hour or so I tried to see the photos but the screen would not come on, I tried to hard boot the phone and the screen did come on but switched off immediately. My wife could see my face going white. I immediately opened the ports and I saw "red". The water indicator strips had turned red. The phone didn't switch on at all for the entire trip. After I came back to Mumbai, the first thing I did was to take the phone to the Authorized Service centre at Mumbai Central, Digicomp Complete Solution Ltd. The lady behind the desk straight away said that the warranty of the phone is voided as the phone has got water ingress damaged so the phone will not be replaced. Well I know the fine print of the terms and condition did mention that, but some how I feel cheated with that remark. My whole criterion behind buying the phone was its water resistant feature. If you have the means to check your surveys which I was asked to fill up twice through the Sony Privilege app on the phone, the reason for buying this phones have been the brand SONY, the cyber shot and the water resistance feature. Well this was not the end of my woes, the lady at the counter went on to say that their service centre is not authorized to open the phone and they can only try to repair it with some software. Another customer was being handed back his Xperia Z phone which also had water damage saying that his phone is beyond repair. His phone was only a month old. He was pleading to repair the phone even if it costs money. But he was told that nothing can be done. This really was scary. A phone which claims to be water resistant gets water damaged and is irreparable!! Well I was also told the same thing, I also requested that please try to repair the phone. But alas I also got the same reply yesterday after more than a week that my phone cannot be repaired. I was told by the service centre people that I will have to pay 80% of the market value of the phone and I will be given a new phone, do you actually think someone will spend almost INR 30,000/- again on a phone which is flawed? On the sly one of the employees of the centre told me that the phone can be repaired in the grey market easily. What are you people doing?Three weeks back the Xperia Z Ultra was launched in Mumbai at the Taj Mahal Hotel. I am a chef at this same hotel. I met the representatives of Sony there thanking them for the brilliant Xperia Z they had introduced. I was the first person to buy this phone in Taj and now on my recommendation there are at least 10 owners in this hotel itself. All this was prior to my vacation when the phone got damaged. I am in half a mind to call some of the media people there whom I knew and tell them about the false information given about the Xperia Z. Your Promos for the Xperia Z Ultra have gone a step ahead and have actually shown a model filming his dog from under the water inside a swimming pool!! God help the people who buy that piece of misinformation and pity them when they have to go thru the distress of realizing that their phone cannot be repaired.To cut the story short, I need help and answers from SONY. Why did you claim for the phone to be something that it is not? As was my first line of this letter, I am and will be a loyal SONY customer, but I want to negate all the people around me who told me after my phone got spoilt that Sony is not a phone manufacturer so I should have never bought a Sony phone. Thankfully I was saved from the trauma of not loosing my data due to the brilliance of Android and the backups I had created online.I am hoping to receive a befitting reply to this letter / request / complain (whatever you may feel this is). If I don't get a reply then I shall be forwarding this letter to my friends in the press, and to the various websites dealing with Sony Xperia Z and my personal blogs and of course to the consumer courts.regardsRaghu Deora

NON STOPPING VIBRATION BEACUASE OF A HARDWARE GLITCH WHILE APLLYING A LIT OF PRESSURE ON BOTTOM CORNERS. WAS NOT WATER RESISTANT.

Just got done playing a PSP game using an emulator on this phone.  The graphics were great, no skips or lags.  It's a gaming, calling, texting, GPS, application machine!

After using the phone the first two weeks I noticed the battery began to drain fast and since then,  thit no longer charges. Now I had to buy battery power bank to keep it charged.

WOW I never realized how spoiled I was by Apple and pretty much every other major manufacturer that offer advance device replacement till I had to wait over 2 weeks for my Xperia phone to be repaired. Is this the 1990's? Felt like I was sending in my Sony DiskMan for repair. Never buy a device with a 20th Century repair policy. Not worth it!Sony's old fashioned repair policies negate almost every good aspect of the phone. Apple, Samsung, Google and pretty much every other major smartphone manufacturer that I know of offer advance repair. Not Sony!

All I had to do was cut the mini Sim into a micro Sim.It's an incredible phone.(First day review)Pros:Good price (comparatively)Full HD screen with extreme pixel densitySize feels right on the mark between too big and not big enoughAmazing pictures and videoFast and mostly glitch free16GB of internal storage most of which is free2GB of ramCons:Short battery life (if you go out camping get a portable 15,000 charger)

Three things:The charger inside the pager box is a charger for China charger plug Not for US.A 2GB memory card Missed which should not happened on Original Sony phone.There is a Charging dock Missed.

Excellent phone and good presentation, but the drums really hard little placing it in the minimal use of data, but yet I will continue trying but the only thing strikes me antencion the other already submerged in water and is very well. It is sturdy and elegant.

It stood up to all that it said it would do.  It is waterproof and also scratch resistant.  Stamina mode delivers as promised.  Prefer over S4

This phone says that it is international version.  The phone that I received from a listed seller who is from Singapore (who does not say that he is in Singapore)is a Singapore version of the phone in which most apps and menu items are in Chinese.  It could well be the Chinese version of the phone.  The one that I received looks a lot different that shown in the picture.  It does not have a single Google app installed in it.  Therefore, now I have to root it and install Google apps.  I may lose warranty (if any available ,which I doubt in the US for a foreign phone).  Bottom line is that the title &#34;international version&#34; is misleading (unless it means Chinese version).  Therefore, please do not buy this phone unless if you make sure that the one you are getting has Google Play store and other Google Apps.

It's a good phone, that you can carry to many enviroments with care of the weather. Nevertheless, Sony is going to launch a new phone, this still is popular in the phone market.

The positives:1.5GHz processor. Nice speed.Good video quality.Great Camera.The "huh"?These are specifically directed because this is a Docomo version:Many of the icons, system notifications and of the assorted functions are in Japanese. If you don't read Japanese, this may be a small problem. Most of the functions are not critical. Selecting a different language works for the important functions. Selecting autodial functions automatically add Japanese international calling codes to the phone number (which can have unexpected and unpleasant results I would imagine if you don't catch it in time...calling Japan...to your phone bill). Most of the icons I imagine are associated with Docomo, which is the Japanese equivalent of Google. The phone also has Google functions in parallel.The negatives:Android 4.1.2 isn't as advanced as I would have imagined it would be. Its quite similar to the V2. Doesn't seem to be a fantastic upgrade.Call sound quality...too quiet. Slightly muffled. The sound quality is slightly better on the X10, and was much better on the LT18i.Waterproof? Well...the external speaker for phone ringer and application sounds was quite good. Then, while testing out the waterproof claims of the phone. Now the sound on the external speaker is nearly non-existent. Too quiet to be heard from my pocket (which is where it should normally be). Now the external speaker is not quite useless, but close enough while its in my pocket to make the phone useless. No warranty, not that it would cover water damage anyways? So, I have a useless $1200 phone. I had to have the one that wasn't black or white and order it from Japan. I have checked the settings. THe XLoud function doesn't seem to be working. Its activated, but it doesn't change the volume of the phone anymore. For those of you who own one, I made sure the port seals were all in their proper sealed position (but the external speaker is nowhere near any of the open ports). Initially, the external sound quality was SUPERIOR. Now, its way below average.The network coverage on this phone is merely adequate. It seems to have a My Xperia X10 gets and holds signals much better. Somebody mentioned that it doesn't pick up 3G, I never tested that extensively, since my areas don't have great 3G or 4G coverage.Only comes with a 2GB MicroSD. Switched my Xperia X10's 8GB MicroSD with it. (Um...is that an upgrade then?)Uses micro Sim. You might have to upgrade your SIM...I wasn't prepared for it. I had to wait an extra week for a new SIM. I resisted my friend's recommendations to just "cut" the standard SIM. :)Overall, I am pissed that I am dealing with a phone that's external sound quality is now poor. If it gets better when it dries out, I'll update this review. However, I won't trust the waterproof nature of the phone again, even if it does "come back to life".Update: It dried out. External speaker is working fine again...Still have to ask...if its waterproof, why does it stop working?Update2: I would also like to say that the battery life on this phone is far superior to any Sony-Ericsson I've owned before. Whatever they did is fantastic. Normally, I could go one to two days between charges on the phone. Two to Three on the LT18i. Right now, the XperiaZ is running about nine days between charges. This is definitely an improvement.

I bought this cellphone in May 2013. It is amazing, it is fast, responsive, and it has been built with very good materials. The only thing I did not like is that 5 months later, Z1 was released, so i could not enjoy it at all. I recommend this cellphone, or Z1.

Twice the glass broke on this phone because of its thin and brittle construction. Once on the back from laying my also glass ipad on top of it. The front was from keys in my pocket.Unreal.The worst part is that even though the cracks are so small that I wouldn't mind living with it, the touch screen on this phone will not work with cracked glass like every other phone I have owned.

The phone istelf is great. Screen, features. Love it. However, i too have had this for four months and the micro usb charger connection broke off into the charging cord. As i researched repair options, i have noticed quite a large amount of posts regarding this issue. Not sure  what is going to happen with the service people, but this is a pretty serious deficiency that should be adddressed by Sony. Unless you plan on exclusively using a docking cradle.....which is fairly cumbersome for my needs.....I would consider other smart phone options. I may wind up getting the cradle anyway since i DO like the phone, but i am pretty disappointed with the usb connection having broken so early into the contract.

The phone is just hot! Sleek, slender and sexy but above delivers quality output, the camera is so good, the phone itself is super fast and I would recommend it to whoever is looking for a a superb phone at a fair price

What a great smartphone. Sony's got it right this time. Fast, reliable, slim, easy to use. Bought it for my wife. She loved it.

very glad that I purchased this phone. everything works fast and great picture because of the high resolution. delivery on time. thank you

The product itself is find but after trying it many times i found out that it is not compatible with 4g application like it is described. i like the resolution of the camera and the speed of the mobile.

Who knew a waterproof phone was even possible! Thanks to Sony, this is by far the best smartphone I have ever come across, only because I am super clumsy and tend to drop my valuables. I'm doubting the quality of the rear camera though. It isn't as pristine as I thought it would be, especially since I have played around with trial ones in store. This phone did come unlocked which is perfect because I plan on taking it back to my home country.

Excelent phone. You really can put it quickly under water with no problem. The camera is excelent. The screen definition is also outstanding. I'm quite happy with the phone.

My son thoroughly reviewed the information and videos on this phone to make certain it would work with T-Mobile's 4G network.  This information was provided by your company on Amazon.com. He was given the phone on Christmas day. It would not connect to the 4G network. On 12/26/13, he called T-Mobile's tech support and we went into their store. They could NOT connect it to their 4G network.  My son said when he watched the videos, they should placing a T-Mobile SIM card into the phone. We contacted Savannah H. in your customer service department and she informs us that this phone will not work in the USA even though the original ad on Amazon said it would work with T-Mobile and AT&T. Per your requirements, I was told that I would have to pay for shipping to return it and then you would have to examine the phone and it could take a couple of weeks. My son needs a functioning phone when he returns to college on January 5th. Hence, I had to purchase a Hot Spot adaptor and pay extra money a month on the phone bill for this device so he can have 4G network service. The sales manager at T-Mobile stated that he does not see any reason why the phone should not work as most &#34;international&#34; phones are still able to be used in the USA. He suggested I file a complaint with Amazon which I had already planned on doing. I feel that you falsely advertised this phone and I still have to pay for it with interest and had to incur the extra cost of the hot spot adaptor.

the product did not come with the original accessories of the C6603, the charger says &#34;sony ericsson&#34; and the headphones too. so, i dont know if the phone its original or not. i want a refund of my money.

Very good phone. Good size. Games in the phone can be played using the PS3 controller, but it is hard to find the cable for initial setup. Hard to find cases for this phone.

I suggest seeing CNET and Consumer reports actually customer reviews before buying. I found that it is difficult to find Sony accessories, although they seem to selling their stuff for Ipod users. Every year they seem to change their product so it's not compatible with any of the accessory items

Good nightThis celphone works with sim card or no card Is for usted with sim cardThanksHace a Good night

My Xperia Arc suddenly decided to leave me and it was with no hesitation that I came towards the Xperia Z.As a phone, well, it does its job perfectly.As a multimedia hub, it is great with both audio and video (that is why I would stay with Sony for a while), it well integrate as well functionality for the connected devices (DLNA), I can be home and "Throw" my music from my NAS to my Amplifier without third party apps. can do so with my phone music too. that's really well done.For the photos, it is giving an early retirement to my point and shoot but not yet to my DSLR :)As Internet device, it does all I ask without any issue.As a design statement, it looks exactly as I am classy and sturdy :) (well, I'm not that classy)

Awsome phone, greate features. Battery saving, pictures are quite good on any conditions. Pictures at nigh are good as well as day.

Excellent phone, everything works perfectly so far.Great camera, great intephase, good sound.Only thing is that the speaker is a bit too low, but I am guessing it's because it's waterproof. You can't have it all, can you?I strongly recommend it!

i baught it for my father he seems to enjoy it he loves sony phones it is a really cool phone to have

I want to know which network uses???I want to know which Band uses??I want to know if work in Venezuela???Thanks!!!

I bought this phone about 6 months ago from the T-mobile store. I saw the commercials for it and thought it would be an excellent phone to have since I work with food and we always need to have a bucket with bleach and water for the towels and it was a Sony product. I love Sony products and I've trusted the brand for years w CD players, mp3 players, headphones, etc... Unless you only make phone calls, text messages, take pics and listin to music that's all that it's good for. I try to play Netflix and YouTube and it is forever buffering, downloading apps takes forever!! Internet is SUPER SLOW!! Bad if you need to get school work done. Unless WiFi is connected it runs fine. Sorry Sony but I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYONE who wants a fast internet working phone. Fastest 4G LTE my a**.

I got this cell to change my old X10 pro, and it was a huge change. Good pictures, runs smooth, and I can have everything in one device.

The Xperia Z is a pretty good phone. It is fast and responsive. Even the factory installed apps are more useful than bloating.I only have two complaints. The battery life is not to impressive and with it being internal you can't swap it out. Also, I've had several instances where the phone froze up and had to be cut off. Not sure why it did that, and that;s a problem.Otherwise the Xperia Z is a solid entry. The screen is awsome, and the camera functions beautifully even in low light. The functionality of the camera, and its many built in functions is one of the phones strongest aspects.

I bought this phone, and come to my with problems, the screen not could se be well visualized. The image became very blurry; I made the decision to return it, being I of Venezuela (I had to pay it the expenses of shippings, not being, my fault) and what they did was send it to sony warranty, so took much longer time for my, enjoy an purchase that I had made &#8203;&#8203;some already time ago.Step certain time and had write them an email to ask and know what had happened with the phone. Well this is what respondents:Sony had not able to repair it, and sent back a replacement , with phone box too.We will send it back to you to the address on order by UPS trackingDue to I am from Venezuela, I could experience the phone in my hands to the month the june, and if is or not the same phone, has come to me without their originals protectors; of screen and back. With brands and scratch in both sides! Also, not come in the box, the replacement to pads headphone.The converter plug; that have sent, was the same again (that not served me and they knew!) Since that on one opportunity they had been told, just missing that this phone is not prepared to waterproof.When the phone arrived to me, i write them an email, to claim. And they not responded to me, alone until I came to write again; that, why do not responded to meI paid, almost the double or more, than double for one phone that to the final i took more time than usual, to able enjoysAnd with details, without their originals protectors, brands and scratch, the plug converter, the replacement to pads headphoneBad experience, and much time lost

This phone is fantastic! I love the look and feel of it. the operating system is smooth, the processor is fast, and the 2GB of RAM is more than enough to run any app or do any multitasking. I tested the water resistance of the phone the second day I had it, and it works! The phone looks as premium (if not more) as any iPhone, but runs Android 4.2.One thing you will need to do is set up an Access Point Name. Since these phones are shipped unlocked, you will manually have to configure the APN for all mms, internet, and other data access.--THIS IS A CARRIER ISSUE, NOT A PHONE ISSUE--First, understand that this phone's LTE band is not compatible with AT&T.; In my area (Oklahoma,) AT&T; uses the 700MHz (band 17) for my area, which isn't supported by the phone. AT&T; also uses the 1700MHz (band 4) and 2100MHz (band 1) frequencies in other areas for LTE. I'm still able to get decent speeds on AT&T;'s 3G network, which are fully supported by the phone.

very good very satisfied with the work very well in my country Venezuela but only up to 4 LTE digitel movilnet and movistar and no phone brings all accessories says

englishSince this phone came to the market I wanted to have it, sony has always been the forefront in design and particularly this phone has one of the best designs in terms of smartphones are concerned. I have almost a month with it, and the performance is incredible pictures makes heavy tasks without complacations and games is like you really had a play station! the screen is incredibly sharp and activate the mobile bravia engine will notice the change in the management of images and videos. passeth good time with this before changing course and when sony has prepared another better than the Z1!espa&ntilde;olDesde que este telefono salio al mercado quise tenerlo, sony siempre ha llevado la vanguardia en cuanto a dise&ntilde;o y particularmente este telefono cuenta con uno de los mejores dise&ntilde;os en cuanto a telefonos inteligentes se refiere. Tengo ya casi un mes con &eacute;l, y el desempe&ntilde;o es increible realiza tareas pesadas de imagenes sin cimplacaciones y los juegos es como si realmente tuviera una play station!! la pantalla es increiblemente nitida y al activar el mobile bravia engine se nota el cambio en el manejo de imagenes y videos. pasare buen tiempo con este antes de cambiarlo ya cuando por supuesto sony tenga preparado otro mejor que el Z1!

Works just about ok as a phone.Its died on me 2 times within a year. Search for deep sleep or &#34;does not come on and keeps vibrates 3 times&#34;. This device can leave you stranded when needed most. Sony fixed it within warranty and its died again.Speakerphone quality is less than acceptable.Not water resistant nor water proof as claimed either - even with tabs tightly shut,Only good is an excellent camera.Save your money and buy another device.Sorry Sony you can do much better and fool less

This product was in line with my expectations.I liked, is another kind of experience with this phone, is sensationalRecommendthanks

My phone just turn off, a minute ago and I can't open or charge it..  what I need to do right now?Im disappointed...

First of, I got extremely excited looking at the specs, especially 469 ppi display, over my old LG E960 Nexus 4 (318 ppi). I immediately ordered the device and it got delivered overnight. On receiving the device, I found that the package was a re-package by some European supplier. On switching on the phone it prompted to register with Vodafone Europe secure phone registry. Things started to look suspicious. Then I found a note inside the box that gave instructions for setting up APN for AT&T; phone network. For T-mobile, that same note said, refer the internet. So then I was left alone to coordinate the rest of the setup. But, I found this useful link on the internet ([...]) that led me to the following instructions:****************************INSTRUCTIONS*********************START***************************Open the Access Point Names or APNs. menu (in steps above)If there is a T-Mobile APN, touch it. If not, press the Menu key, and touch New APN.Verify and update the following settings for the Data APN:Name: T-MobileAPN: epc.tmobile.com or fast.tmobile.com (for LTE devices)Proxy: &#60;Not set&#62;Port: &#60;Not set&#62;Username: &#60;Not set&#62;Password: &#60;Not set&#62;Server: &#60;Not set&#62;MMSC: [...]MMS proxy: &#60;Not set&#62;MMS port: &#60;Not set&#62;MMS protocol: WAP 2.0MCC: 310MNC: 260Authentication type: &#60;Not set&#62;APN type: &#60;Not Set&#62; OR Internet+MMS (depending on software version)Press the Menu key.Touch Save.In the list of APNs, delete all others that may appear. If there is a FOTA APN, you may leave that one. To do this:Touch the APN you want to delete.Press the Menu key.Touch Delete APN.Verify that there is a circle next to the one remaining APN to show it is activated.Perform a soft reset.Test your data connection, by accessing a web page or sending a picture message (MMS) to yourself.****************************INSTRUCTIONS*********************END***************************In my area, I have perfect T-mobile 2G, 3G and 4G networks. Sadly, the phone picked only the 2G network and the best data transfer rates I got was 208/232 kbps, after testing 28 times. Then I connected to my home network (I have Verizon 150/75, the fastest available in the USA of date). The phone could do only transfer rates of 18/12 Mbps. At this point I thought I will start using my apps first over the 2G/GPRS phone network. My apps would take on average 2 to 5 minutes to load, which usually loaded in an instant on my Nexus 4 device. At this point, I wrapped up this device and processed a return order. Do not be misled into buying the C6603 for use in the US, especially on T-Mobile network.

Simply the best..... There is no other way to describe it.... You might just go ahead and give it a trial....

My previous review was: "Fast, responsive. Battery could be better (after using a Note II it is hard to level down). Screen color reproduction is not the best. But if you want something you don't need to worry about dust and water and don't wanna use a defender case, this is the only option available."And I could actually say the camera is awesome too. BUT, after 7 months of use I can only say: DON'T BUY. Sony's customer service is TERRIBLE.The phone itself never presented any major problem until, after regular use plugging and unplugging the charger, the micro usb connector started to bounce. It was loose and suddenly it simply pop out of the phone, attached to the recharger cable. Obviously, after that the phone couldn't be charged anymore.Sony was contacted and said this is not on warranty. Like you would open the latch and try to break this apart on purpose. But not only that. they don't even have a place where they could examine what happened to provide a solution. First the attendant said I would need to pay 185 USD and the phone should be shipped to a place in Texas to be repaired. But then she contacted her supervisor and they told me this problem doesn't have any solution so, basically, after 7 months of regular use you have to throw your 650 USD phone away... Just because you had to plug and unplug the charger. that's it...Tried to talk with the supervisor (52 minutes on a call), after all, this situation is RIDICULOUS. He was busy in another call and promised to call me back. Never happened. they simply don't care...So, do your self one huge favor and stay away of the XPERIA line. They are actually decent devices but if anything goes wrong the company simply has no structure to provide any service.Additional update: the micro USB connector in this phone is a bad design. Many people facing the same problem I mentioned above. Check official SONY forum before buying this: [...]

Hello, This is a excelent Phone, the 5 inches screen is fantastic, I recomend this phone, the camera is awsome

I just love it! It is the best phone I had! The colours, the size; everything is just awesome!!I highly recommend

Please don't buy this phone for it's water &#34;resistant&#34; properties. They wont work in the long run. My phone washed out in 8 months in spite of taking all precautions. since its a sealed device Sony can't repair it and since the indicators say water damaged Sony won't honor the warranty. I've given up after pulling hair with Sony Service - not what I expected of a $600 device and from a big brand like Sony

Very good phone, it's a really nice price, great value for your money as it is a flagship cellphone from Sony, so I'm really happy with this cellphone, really enjoy it. I hope other decide to buy it.

This phone its awesome!! 2 months using it, no problem, fast, beautiful design, waterproof, battery life very decent, don't be scared, its awesome!!! its not as fancy as an S4 or ONE but that things in those phone are really unnecessary. This one its the best!!

The phone itself was great, but did not work with T-Mobile.  It only connected to 2G and there was nothing T-Mobile could do to make it connect to 4G/ LTE.  Make sure the LTE bands of your carrier are compatible with this phone.  Seller would deduct 20-50% for restocking fee if I returned it.

I recived My product on time And with the completed devices. Good features, the best for me has been the camera resolution and the speed for running aplications how ever quickly discharge the battery.

This model met my expectations and I'm so glad to have one. It's has a very elegant design suitable for girls like me. But what attracted me most is the fast processor, camera and it's LTE capability. It even maxed out my expectation because the speakers are awesome, it's very loud. I'm happy with it and I guess I'm contented. Totally worth the price!

I love my Xperia Z. However the first few days it went thru the battery in like 2hrs. I don't know at this point what program or programs was running that used all my battery. I found where all the programs were and started eliminating them and now it lasts all day. If you like a lot of programs, this may not be the best choice for youSince this review this phone has died. This phone is 4 months old and is worthless!!! i have sent an e-mail to the seller to see what can be done ill keep this review updated.

Its and awesome device. Its definitely a must have. the dust and water protection works great.The HD screen its amazing. I'm using a 64 GB micro sd card despite the specifications said that only works with 32 gb micro sd without problems. I'm using my phone on Ecuador

I had been looking for a waterproof mobile phone for a long time. I even bought one made for use in the Japanese market, but had to give it up because it's features were so dumbed down for outside Japan, that it wouldn't receive signal outside the country I bought it in I'm in Asia). So when Sony came out with the Acro, a waterproof phone which wasn't tiny (I can't type on screens smaller than 4 inches) and wasn't slow as a dog (not mentioning Motorola's attempts at waterproof mobiles), I gave it a try. I chose white because it looks better than black, and I have this fear that if I drop it in the pool or ocean, it'd be easier to see when trying to catch it before it disappears from sight.(you can read my review at the Acro page in Amazon)I was so confident that recently I went to the beach and went into the water with it. I'd already done it once before a few months ago. However, this time, the waves were much stronger, and I was waist deep in the water when a couple of consecutive waves hit me, twisting my phone from my grasp, and my acro slipped away, never to be seen again. The white colour helped not a whit. It was totally my fault. In hindsight (such a wonderful thing...), I realised I should have at least put a string/wrist strap on it, which I did have, but was currently attached to my torch.So fast forward a day, I was without a mobile phone, so I rushed down to the local telco shop (took an hour off work for it! hehe) and got the Z. My criteria for a mobile hadn't changed, and Sony had released several new waterproof phones, of which Z was one. I've had it almost a month now, and I like it even more than the Acro, and I'd already kept the Acro for almost a year (I'd considered it a keeper)The Good:---------- looks good. Feels good in the hand. However, at 5 inches, the size is starting to seem a little big- well spec'd- good processor and latest Android OS.- Generally good phone- clarity of both listening and speaking and it's external speaker are more than acceptable.- 13mp camera has a lot of features. I don't know if it's the Android software, or Sony's input, but the camera is revamped:** There are buttons for still shot photos and red dotted video button on the screen so you don't have to swop functions through a menu- just press one button and you're done.**If you take a video, there is yet another button next to the stop button which allows you to take a 1 mp pic at the time without stopping the video. You know it's a 1mp pic because the button says "1mp".** There is a multi shot option. As far as I can see, there is no limit to how many photos you can take. Today I used it as a helicopter did a flyby and stopped at 139 photos. I don't know if they are full res or not. On the album, you do not see all 139 photos. Instead, you just see a single pic and at the bottom left corner you see a series of rectangles overlapping to indicate it was a series of multishot photos.** at the top you have simple clear buttons for flash, increase/decrease exposure, HDR, Camera shot function- which includes single shot, multishot, panorama, evening etc, and settings. Personally I find HDR to be of limited use as you have to be extremely still to do this. For those who don't know, HDR is a technique to get a sharper better colour/shadow balance and is done by taking 3 consecutive photos- slightly darker, normal and slightly brighter, and then superimposing all three together to get the final HDR photo. It does mean you have to be very very veyr very still, as if you move, at least one photo is now not the same and the final result is blurry. With real world cameras, you'd do HDR ideally by placing your camera, usually a dslr, on a tripod. Good luck getting the same precision handholding your slim Xperia z. I tried it twice and I can't do it.- Have had no problems with browsing. Internet connections are very speedy. I thikn it uses 4G? Not sure about that.- Has a LCD light on the front of the phone to notify you if you've received messages, etc. However, unlike the acro, it does not keep blinking forever until you view your message. It seems to stop after a while- maybe 15 minutes? I have found no options in settings to change the time which the LED light continues to blink, only the colour.- decent battery life. I know some reviewers have been bitching about bad battery life. Well let me tell you, I think it's just fine. I used a Sony Ericsson Arc S before the Acro, and it's battery would be down to 15% after just 6 hours using msg apps only, like whatsapp. I use power save function and when you go to screen save or it turns off, data stops as well. In addition, you can manually stop data exchange yourself. It makes a big difference. If you let the phone continually exchange data- browsing, chatting etc, then the battery can decrease by as much as 1% a minute. But when you turn it off, it may take an hour on standby to drop 1%. You can view the % on the new versions of Android.- Waterproof. I have taken it into the shower a couple of times to keep chatting. Yeah yeah yeah...showing off :)- 5 inches is a very useful size. It is sharp, colourful and I've had no problem with the capacitive part.The Not so Good:----------------- I suspect it's more because of Android than Sony, but the predictive text is just nuts. it no longer gives words based just on those you typed, but a whole host of other words too, regardless of whether or not you typed them. And there is no working dictionary. In theory, there is a very unwieldy way to do it, by going to setting;language and input;personal dictionaries. You then press Add, and input your word or (for me) acronyms. In reality, even though I've entered the word, it doesn't appear in the list of word options. Crazy.- The top of the screen shows icons of apps being used or messages received eg by whatsapp, sms, gmail, etc. However, they are all only in grey. In the Arc S, they were all different colours, so it was easy to see what app had received a message. Now you have to squint more to see the tiny icon shape.- Unlike the Acro, the Z does NOT come with a charging dock, just a ubs cable. This is not good because it means you have to peel open the catch for it, and that means everytime you do that, the seal of the latch becomes just that tiny teeny bit less solid a seal, which, in turn, reduces the waterproof aspect of the phone. I have bought a charging dock from a third party online- awaiting it now.- Have to remove any covers you've put on in order to put it in said charging dock.- This is a minor thing, but it's a bit too symmetrical for me. I often take it out of my bag upside down because there are no obviously physically distinguishing sides, unlike the Arc S.Overall, should you buy this phone?If you want a waterproof phone, then definitely yes!If you are looking for a normal touchscreen phone, then it's defintely worth a look! It has decent features, is well made and has good holdability, good speakers, battery life and is attractive.If you've made it to the end, then thanks for reading!
