
I waited 2 weeks to write this as I didn't want the first few days to determine what I wrote. Like a loving relationship, everything is good for the first few days.. it is after you get to know each other you can crash and burn. I can say with all my heart the DNA and I are a pair that will last (2 years that is).My droid is a powerful, fast, and a delightful phone to behold. I put it up next to my husbands HTC One X and she is far crisper, larger (shes a bit on the tall side), and faster. He is on ATT in the Phoenix Az area and I am on Verizon. That may be the difference in speed as I know the One X is a very fast phone. I am a very computer savvy person and this phone was a BREEZE to figure out. That being said.. coming from iphone you will have to adjust how things work as iphone is made for those who.. well.. don't want to take the time to understand what their phones can REALLY do! iphone is an app machine and while droid gives you the same options there is so much more you can do with it and explore.I don't have any complaints. I haven't seen the dreaded SIM ERROR message yet (crosses fingers) nor do I have a problem with either turning it on and then swiping it into active. I've seen men complain about this as you have to shimmy your hand down a tick to reach it.. I have small girly hands and I do just fine turning on my phone. Also the charging port at the bottom others seem to hate it is fine, its a snap in place and as long as you get use to it, it is the LEAST of things to worry about.The Android market is huge now, my friends iphones sucks next to my phone, and I couldn't be happier. Get this phone, you will not regret it.. if you do then get the One X..

Device is great! Wireless charging is a little shoddy... but I blame Nokia for the charger. Camera has been awesome!

Do not buy the Droid DNA by HTC - we bought one and screen shattered within 2 months and reading reviews this phone is prone for that - so if you NEVER drop your phone this is the phone for you, but if there is a change of dropping it DO NOT BUY - Insurance claim will cost you $100 and HTC will sell you a screen and it will cost you $250 to get fixes - go with a samsung phone - better quality

I often get compliments and questions whenever someone sees this phone for the first time.  If a phone can look luxurious, then this one does.  Smooth Gorilla glass from edge to edge, nice color accents and an all around "good feel" to this phone.  No plastic like the Galaxy S3 or Galaxy S4.  The physical specs are top notch with the exception of memory and battery, which are well documented.  Using the Qi charger prevents battery life being much of a problem for me.  When not using it, I set it down on the charging pad.  Not really a hassle when you don't have to plug and unplug a tiny microUSB connection all the time.I bought this phone because it had a 5" FULL HD 16:9  screen.  Perfect for watching movies right?  Well, just like most HTC phones, this phone is NOT COMPATIBLE with Ultra Violet movie downloads through Flixster.  So all those Blu-Ray movies that I bought, thinking I would be able to watch the Ultra Violet version on a plane, are relagated to my living room.  Ultra Violet had to potential of making my Android phone just as versatile as iPhone's Digital Copy that comes with many Blu-Ray movies.I use PogoPlugPogoplug Series 4 Backup Device [Newest Version]for my storage needs, so the lack of storage is not as big of a deal for me as it is for others.  The Qi takes care of the battery issue for me.  So if you don't need the Ultra Violet movies, this could be a GREAT phone for you, but I would not have bought it if I knew it wouldn't work with Flixster downloads.As a side note, you CAN STREAM Ultra Violet movies using the Flixster app, just not dowload them for offline viewing.UPDATE:  Ultraviolet movies can now be downloaded using Best Buy's Cinemanow app when linked to your ultraviolet account.  HOWEVER, playback is sketchy at best.  Try to play it a half dozen times and maybe the movie will start on one of your tries.  When it does work, it is not HD.Oh yeah... Forgot to mention the first time around.  Not sure if this is common with the DNA, but mine never seems to remember preferences when I tell it to ALWAYS associate an app with a function.  For example, every time an app (even the People contacts app that comes with the phone) links to navigation, I have to choose Google Maps instead of Verizon's preloaded bloat ware.

I'm technology challenged; however, overall this phone is great.  There are so many options/apps to keep up with. I'm learning something new everyday.

I was never interested in an iPhone and to be honest it has taken me 10 yrs to finally switch to a Smartphone (I was still using my old Motorola PEBL). Alas, the Droid DNA was released and I absolutely am happy with my purchase. For every Con (e.g., no memory expansion, recessed on/off button, etc) that I have read about, the Pros out weight them. I like the size, ease of use, slick design, Google backed apps (maps/navigation works fine), etc. Everyone has their preference and mine is definitely for the Droid DNA.

Well, all the reviews are true. This phone is without a doubt the best smart phone on the market, when it is on.HTC sense widgets are the best. HTC should offer them on the Play Market. I would definitely pay for them.I am truly going to miss this phone after I return to Verizon.Without a physical home button on the front off the phone the only choice u have to wake is contort your fingers to the top off the phone then try to juggle it back toside the unlock screen slider. To achieve this feat in a reasonable time is impossible without dropping the phone.I am completely befuddled that more reviewers have not been dismayed by this terrible design !!This design failure is a complete deal breaker.

I got the phone in February and it has been great ever since.  The battery lasts from 6AM to 9PM no problem at all, and I'm browsing, talking, and texting all damn day.There was a week where the phone didn't recognize the sim card but I went to Verizon and got a replacement sim card and it's fine now.The screen clarity, the processing speed, and overall quickness cannot be matched.This phone is thinner, larger, and almost lighter than it looks.Great situation.

Great camera with fabulous color rendering (in the context of a smart phone), adequate audio (Beats Audio does nothing for my kind of music - rock), better than expected battery life (usually go two days on a single charge, though I don't stream movies), better than average call quality, stunning display.  My only 2 beefs?  The lack of a memory slot to go beyond the built-in 16 GB, and the built-in battery (I was used to carrying a spare with my old HTC Incredible, so streaming video was never a memory issue).  I've had the phone for over 2 months now, and I'm very satisfied with this purchase.  I don't think that they are making this available anymore as of late July 2013 (?)

I like the phone overall. HOWEVER, with that being said the keyboard input leaves a lot to be desired. The biggest frustration I have is that the SIM card and Service lose service and are unavailable after I wake the phone from sleep mode.  It typically happens 2 or 3 times a day.  Tried to return it but was a week over my return date.  I would say skip this model unless they find a fix. I have done research on the problem and it appears more and more common. Shame HTC and verizon for not fixing.

I have not had problems with this phone so far. I use my phone for internet browsing and personal use calls, text, and email. I like have the big screen. the keys are easy to press and I rarely hit the wrong key when using the keypad. Graphics are awesome! the only thing I wish it had was the menu key that was on the bottom of my previous HTC. Good all around phone!

If you're in the market for a new smartphone, you can't go wrong with the DNA if you are on Verizon of course. HTC has taken a beating on sales recently, but it's not due to a lack of quality and this may be their best one to date. The screen is nothing short of amazing. At a full 1920 x 1080 resolution (Super LCD 3 made by Sharp) the detail and clarity gives you the impression you are looking at a high end HDTV and not a phone. And despite the large 5" screen, the design still makes it very comfortable to hold in your hand. Speaking of form factor, the build quality is superb and it feels so much more comfortable in your hand that many of the larger screen phones that are out there.HTC Sense... well it is what it is. It does have some cool features, but it's not for everyone. Luckily you can easily replace most of that without even rooting just by downloading one of many quality launchers. I personally prefer Nova, but that's just personal preference and you may even love the stock Sense.with a quad core processor and 2 GB of RAM everything is fluid and fast and on LTE you really have a first rate experience with day to day tasks like web browsing, Facebook (in spite of the Facebook app's limitations), etc.But, of course, nothing is "perfect". The decision not to include a microSD slot was a bit disappointing, but for the vast majority of people 16GB of internal storage is more than adequate. Battery life, while not terrible by any means for a smartphone with such a large screen, could still be improved upon.All in all, the pros seriously outweigh the cons on this fantastic high end phone!

Where to start. Well, this is my 5th android phone in 2 years. I should have learned my lesson by now, but it took this TERRIBLY buggy Droid DNA to finally switch to iPhone. The FIRST DNA I got was dead out of the box. Never powered up, just dead. We took it back to Verizon, and they exchanged it for another. That should have been a warning about the quality of this device, but Verizon assured us it was just a fluke and the Droid DNA is a quality device. Lies!!About 2 weeks after I got the second phone, I was in class (college student) and the phone, despite being on silent, started ringing. Not a normal ring, but a super high pitched, just loud enough for everyone to hear, nonstop ring I had never heard before. I checked the phone, no one was calling. There was no reason for the phone the be ringing, no notifications as to why it was doing so. Because it was already on silent but making noise, I powered it down. Everyone, including the professor, gave me to stink eye while it was ringing. How embarrassing. Powering it down made the ringing stop... The first time only.About a month later, I'm taking an exam (in the same professors class, no less) and the phone, again on silent, starts the demonic ringing again. I powered it down, thinking this would fix it again, BUT IT CONTINUED RINGING WITH NO POWER!! In the middle of an exam! The professor almost kicked me out of class! He didn't beleive me my phone was off and still ringing until I showed it to him. Since you can't pull the battery out of this phone (a frequent occurrence with my previous droids) I had to bury this crap phone in the bottom of my bag and pretend I didn't hear it to finish the test. This wasn't just embarrassing, it was infuriating.By the time we made it to the Verizon store that night, I was in tears (i'm pregnant, it doesn't take much), my husband was livid, and the phone had been ringing for 4 HOURS STRAIGHT. They did some reset thingy to it and got it to stop ringing. We told them we no longer wanted the phone, but they refused to take it back because we were past the 14 day return window. They offered to exchange it for another DNA but we declined, reminding them that this would be the 3rd DNA in a month and we no longer wanted the buggy piece of junk. They went on to say the problem was most likely from some 3rd party app I had installed, and no way it was their high quality device malfunctioning. They recommended erasing the phone and setting it back to factory settings. I don't think apps work when the phone is OFF, so this sounded like BS to me. So we left, very frustrated.That night, we ran a web search for 'constant background ringing Droid DNA' and GUESS WHAT? This problem is happening to hundreds of other people, too! Resetting to factory specs does NOT fix the problem, as I had suspected. In fact, nothing fixes it, as far as the reports we read said, because neither Verizon or HTC know what is causing the problem. The worst part is, the people online said it will get worse over time, eventually demon-ringing 3 or 4 times a day! That is intolerable. The ironic part is that many of the complaints we read came right from Verizon's web site, so it's a problem they are aware of.Armed with this info, and because the Verizon store still refused to let us return the phone, we contacted the district manager for Verizon in our area. At first, she refused to take the phone back too, but after my husband explained that this was my 5th malfunctioning droid phone in 2 years, and that he had gone thru 9 malfunctioning droids in one year before he switched to iPhone, she agreed that it was fair to allow us to return the phone and use the refund for an iPhone. I am satisfied with how everything worked out, but what a headache! NEVER AGAIN WILL I PURCHASE A DROID PHONE. EVER. Do NOT buy this phone! Demand that the android world ends this massive beta-test if their devices debauchery! And get an iPhone. I did, and I'm much happier.

I'm coming from HTC Droid Incredible which has served me faithfully for almost three years. The usb charging port has worn out and I've been longing for the latest android version.I've been considering three choices: HTC DNA (screen is unreal), Motorola Maxx HD and iPhone5.Motorola was eliminated due to extremely high SAR rating to the head.iPhone5 -- I didn't like the new connector which meant only one place in the house to charge it versus at least 8 micro-usb locations throughout my place + in each car.- Although I have extensive library of paid apps (from earlier ownership of iPods) I found iOS severely limiting. Everything was locked in and only few customizations available.- Biggest problem - No BACK button!!! This is such a hassle with iOS on iPhones and iPods. On iPads it is somewhat less of a problem as I use three/four finger swipes a lot and barely touch home button but these gestures aren't working on Apple's smaller devices.DNA - is the one I'm keeping:a) Stunning display.b) Beautiful design.c) Fast in every way (connections, OS is very smooth, etc)d) Highly customizablee) I can disable any pre-installed apps I didn't like (Verizon bloatware, some of Google and HTC apps I didn't want)f) Screen doesn't get washed out in bright sunlightI have to admit bumping display size from 4 to 5 inches took some getting used but now I really like it. I can read without any eye strain on it.Few cons that everyone already mentioned (but I can live with it):- flap on usb port- power and volume buttons aren't easy to find/press.To provide protection against falls I bought diztronic case which surprisingly alleviated few cons: it is now much easier to locate up/down volume and power buttons.Overall I'm very happy with it.

Have no lagging problems with it, got it for a great price! Amazing display and is just as magical as everyone said it was! Pretty decent battery life, seeing that I play on it all day until I go to work, and it seems to be able to handle my damage (: VERY happy with this phone!

my phone came in within 2 days of ordering. its an awesome phone with a great screen.  i would definatley order again

First off, I was torn between one star or five...seems extreme.  The thing is, without going into everything about the DNA, because it's amazing and the best phone I've ever had, the problem is the 16gig, non-expandable storage, simply makes all those stars go away.  Music, pics and video will eat that 16 in a very short time.  So, great, great phone, but if you're planning on a reasonable amount of music, videos and pics, it's almost worthless.  Sorry for the contradiction, but that's pretty much it.  Imagine a Porsche with a SmartCar engine...same thing.

CAMERAThe camera on this device is fantastic--if you're used to the HTC One X you'll know a lot of the features, but coming from the Rezound it's a massive improvement. It's still 8MP, but HTC's new sensors are amazing. The low-light photos are a huge improvement over my Rezound, and the S3 as well. You can take snapshots midway through recording video, and the continuous shooting mode works exceptionally well, offering a "best shot" option to automatically delete all the other pictures in the series if you only like one of them. The panorama feature works exceptionally well, and I wowed an iPhone carrying friend with its ease and quality.DISPLAYSimply put, the DROID DNA's display is absolutely stunning. At five inches, 1080p and 440 pixels per inch, you'll be hard pressed to find anything that even begins to come close to this. Watching videos or looking at photos on your favorite photography site/app is an absolute treat.The Auto Brightness setting works absolutely flawlessly, adjusting to the level of ambient lighting before the display is even turned on. This is a stark contrast from my Galaxy S3, which is often too dim, and frequently changes it's brightness long after I've turned the screen on and began using the device.BUILD QUALITY/DESIGNThe device feels exceptional. The material covering the back is slightly grippy, which adds a feeling of security when you hold the device in your hand. The Galaxy S3's smooth finish is almost too slippery, and makes the device feel delicate and prone to dropping, though I am quite a fan of its curved shape. There isn't a creak or groan to be found anywhere around the device, which is something I've become accustomed to with HTC devices in general.EASE OF USEThe DROID DNA runs Android 4.1 Jelly Bean with HTC's Sense 4+ UI. What this means is it's EXCEPTIONALLY EASY to use. Everything is where it should be, and everything works the way you expect it to, which makes for an enjoyable experience.The DNA retains the three primary softkeys (that have become the standard since ICS) instead of on-screen buttons, though unlike the Samsung Galaxy S3, the Menu button is not included. That is somewhat annoying, as apps' inclusion of the on-screen Menu button is inconsistent, and navigating to the phone's setting menu requires a swipe of the top pulldown. This is pretty nit-picky, but it's my only gripe about the ease of using the device.BATTERY LIFEI struggled when trying to decide whether to select "Good" or "Excellent" under Battery Life in the Product Rating above. At 2020 mAh, the battery seems a bit lacking for a 5" 1080p monster like the DROID DNA. Initially I was worried about its performance, but I've found it to be pretty respectable. I'm getting pretty close to what I had with my Galaxy S3, and for a quad core 5" 1080p monster like this, I think that's pretty excellent.PERFORMANCE/CALL QUALITYUpon opening the Navigation app, the GPS locks on instantaneously. This is a huge advantage over my Galaxy S3, which often takes literally minutes to acquire GPS signal and begin directing me on the road. Again, I'm used to good radios/GPS from HTC, my Rezound and Incredible were both flawless in this department as well.In tough service areas (like basements or large buildings), the DNA outperformed my S3 every time. I held 3G signal in my gym (in a university basement) where the S3 dropped to 1x consistently.The DROID DNA's signal is excellent, and it's call quality is as well. Callers sounded crisp and clear on my end of the phone, and they reported good quality sound on their end as well.Overall, this device is simply magnificent. I was shocked when I first held it, and even more shocked when I slid it easily into my pocket. It felt fantastic, far better than my Rezound, and about the same as my Galaxy S3. If you buy any device in the next six months, it ought to be the HTC DROID DNA.

I bought 2 of these phones and for the 1st DNA, within 2 weeks the SIM card had to be replaced. For my 2nd DNA, within 3 days the SIM card had to be replaced. The 1st phone is still having SIM card problems. But since the phone is past the 14 day satisfaction guarantee, Verizon wants to give me a refurb phone. Which we all know is just someone else's problem phone. This phone had to be restarted 18 times between 4pm & 6 am just to get the phone to work when the SIM card messes up.I have read on Verizon's site about numerous people having this problem.Buyer beware of this phone. Yes, there was an update the phone just did but it didn't fix the SIM card problem. I'm still dealing with HTC to get something resolved.

Summary: Other than the newly announced Samsung Galaxy S4 and LG Optimus G Pro, it is the best phone out there.  It would be better with a bigger/replaceable battery and SD Card option and MHL 2.0, but for 50 bucks.  What a deal.-Likes:Size: In short, it is NOT too big to put up to your face or to keep on your belt 100% of the time or to use one handed.  It really does feel like a phone and not a phablet.  Compared to my old Thunderbolt, the DNA is thinner, about the same width and about 1/2 inch longer.  It weighs exactly the same as my Thunderbolt after you remove the battery and back cover.Appearance:  It is a very nice looking phone.  No one who has held it has thought it was too big or too heavy or cheap or boring or whatever.  It feels good in your hand.Speed:  There is remarkably little hesitation in responding to my requests.  Apps downloaded and installed much faster than my HTC Thunderbolt.  Emails with graphics load astonishingly fast.  Four core is the way to go.  I quickly get frustrated with the speed of my old phone now.  The phone is not any slower, my expectations are now that much higher.Phone quality:  It has the best speaker and microphone for making phone calls of any phone I have owned yet.  Better than using my $100 bluetooth headset (which was not true of my previous phone)MHL: They do not mention MHL and I suspect part of the reason is that they use the old MHL 1.0 not the newer MHL 2.0, and as a result, a 1080 screen has issues.Also, since it is the 5pin not 11pin configuration that Samsung is now using, you cannot use MHL and OTG at the same time.This MHL adaptor works:BoxWave HTC Rezound HDMI Adapter - MHL Adapter for the HTC Rezound, Stream Content From Your HTC Rezound Straight to Any HDMI Source Such as an HDTV!I put my review of it there. It works just fine without power, but with my 2amp charger, it WILL charge the DNA while streaming FHD HDMI out, tho if you leave it in overnight, it always locked up my phone.  I was unable to get it to work with any HDMI->DVI adaptor I had, tho one of the HDMI->VGA adapter I tried sorta worked (it topped out at 720)The MHL to VGA adaptor from Monoprice also works so that I can view the output on every monitor I have, however I cannot get a full 1080p display (even tho the adaptor says it supports 1920x1080 and HDCP).  It too will charge the phone.The 1080 display on the DNA begs to be used for streaming HD video to the big screen (hotel room, visiting family, bedroom, etc), but so far, I have only been able to get 1080p out of it on one TV set.  On monitors I have only been able to get 720p which for me is more than frustrating... it takes away the single biggest reason I wanted a 1920x1080 screen on my phone.Screen: Watching FHD video on this screen is captivating. It is stunningly clear. With a FHD display, it begs to be used as a computer.  You can browse the web EXACTLY like you would at your desktop and still find the resulting tiny, tiny text quite readable. &lt;Update: I am now at my mom's and I normally would try to get to her computer to use the internet and for the first time, I am quite happy just using my DNA.  In fact I am now typing this on my bluetooth keyboard looking at my DNA screen.  I am using this phone for a much higher percentage of my web browsing than I ever was before.  When I used the built in screen to RemoteDesktop, I was very glad I did not go with a 720 display.>WebBrowser: I have always preferred the HTC web browser due to its text reflow when pinch-zooming.  However, they have added a new feature that I am liking a lot.  Add To - Reading List, which saves that web page for later viewing (even if you do not have any connection) and the links still work (if you do have a connection).  They have also added this Labs - Quick Controls which I am liking a lot.  It remains full screen, and to reach your options, you slide your finger in from the edge of the screen.Camera: I like the camera very much.  It takes low light photos very quickly and with good quality. Much faster than the Thunderbolt... my wife will LOVE that when out and about with the kids.  I am loving it for taking quick snapshots of something I am reading and want to be able to refer to later while on the train (with the Thunderbolt, this was very difficult to do).  I am also liking the ability to rotate and crop my photos within the camera.>4GB files: I had no problem uploading via the USB cable a 7GB WTV file to the internal memory and playing it with MX Player.USB Host Mode OTG (OnTheGo): Using this adaptorT & S Electronics Micro USB OTG Cable - Google Nexus 7, Xoom, Samsung Galaxy, Iconia A510, Toshiba Excite 305, & more. LIFETIME WARRANTY!you can do all sorts of stuff with that USB port.  The one big downside is that there is no way to charge the phone when the USB port is in Host mode.  This is a BIG disadvantage to going this route... but I did already have all the equipment to test this out, so I will leave it in the review.  It does NOT provide enough power to properly run my 3.5" external USB drive, tho my USB Flash Memory Key works fine.USB Keyboard: I was able to use a standard USB keyboard and even my small usb wireless keyboard with built in trackpad:Logitech Wireless Touch Keyboard K400 with Built-In Multi-Touch Touchpad (920-003070).  I like this combination.USB Speakers: Using the OTG adaptor, I was able to power my speakers via the speaker's USB power supply cord and (using a 1/8 plug M-M cord) get fabulous and loud sound:Logitech USB Laptop Speaker Z305.  I do not need to lug a notebook computer around (or sacrifice it) to play movies for the kids (via NetFlix/Hulu/Amazon/WTV files from my HTPC/video files) or background music when away from home (via Pandora/mp3 files/etc).USB Key / Flash Drive: I reformatted my Flash Drive to FAT32 (Neither NTFS nor exFAT natively work on this phone -- I tried) and had no problem playing any of the Win7 FHD WTV TV shows I had copied to it.  HOWEVER, FAT32 is limited to files of less than 4GB.  Fortunately I discovered Nexus Media Importer by HomeySoft.  With it I was able to restore NTFS to my USB stick and with MX Player associated with Video files in Setup-AppAssociations, I had no problem playing my 9GB WTV files from within Nexus Media Importer.USB Hub:  I was also able to plug it into my USB 3.0 powered HUB and view both the keyboard and flash drive and power the speakers and power my 3.5" external USB hard drive all at the same time.  It would not charge the Droid at the same time. Since the devices are drawing their power from the Hub and not the phone, it should help lessen the drain on the DNA's battery.Wireless Charging: Any QI charging pad should work, but they seem a bit hard to come by just yet. Since it is smaller than the phone, I had my eye on this oneNokia DT-900 Wireless Charging Plate - Retail Packaging - Black), but I got impatient and picked up a Verizon branded one and it works great.  It looks identical to and carries the same WCP-700 designation as this Amazon listingLG WCP-700 Portable Power Mat Home and Office Charging Pad.  It is larger than the DNA, but with my corporate discount it was only $42 and it was available today.Beeping: THe WCP700 beeps when you place it on the pad in the correct orientation and it beeps repeatedly at some point after it is fully charged.  Three times now I have been awakened by this beeping.  See the comments for instructions on how I removed the speaker.  The one big advantage of the beep when placed on the charger is that I now wake up every so often to find that I did not quite place it on the charger just right and a beep would have let me know this.  If only it did not beep when fully charged.Fastboot:  Under the battery section, there is a checkbox for fastboot just like my Thunderbolt.  It makes the PowerOff work like hybernation, so if I turn it off at night and back on the next morning and it boots up in about 7 seconds (12 if you count the 5 seconds you need to hold down the button)... if I need to clean out cobwebs, I need to choose re-start.  However, I have found that it uses so little battery power when all the radios are off and the screen is off, that maybe this is no longer really needed.Notification light:  Easy to miss, there is a barely noticable round led light to the left of the camera lens.  My case covered it up so I drilled a hole for it.  I have never yet just left my phone lying on the table upside down in front of me, but it makes sense that to minimize distractions during a meeting that a phone on silent upside down with a small blinking led notification light would be helpful.DLNA / wireless HDMI out: I finally received and tested theHTC Media Link HD H200 (99H10801-00) for One X, One S, One V, Droid Incredible 4G LTE, EVO 4G LTE in Retail Packaging.  My review of that is there, however in short, it worked well for video and apps.  For FHD Remote Desktop use and games, you definately notice the 1 second delay.  I returned it because MHL is working so much better (however, the H200 WILL work via HTML->DVI).Sound Quality: I have watched a couple of movies now and listened to Pandora a bit and I have no complaints about the sound quality via headphones or external speakers and I am rather picky about that sort of thing, so that is a strong plus.  From my point of view, no phone, no notebook computer, no tv set has adequate speakers, so I will not comment on this phone's speaker other than it is adequate for speakerphone use.The new Recent Apps button: The OpenApp button in the lower right corner is nearly identical in usage as how the HP Touchpad works.  Swipe sideways to see the running apps and swipe up to close them.  Nice.ScreenShot: Power+Home.  Very nice.&lt;The 2/19/2013 update fixed whatever problem that kept Angry Birds Star Wars from playing.>-Dislikes:MicroSD slot:  This is big negative for me.  I thought that I'd be okay with USB Hub option, but since I have no way of keeping the phone's battery from draining using that method, a 64GB SD Card would be a GREAT option.  That said, if you do not plan on putting hours and hours of music or FHD video on this device, 16GB should be plenty.  I have researched/tested many wireless storage options and rejected them all but one:Seagate Wireless Plus 1 TB Mobile Device Storage with Built-In Wi-Fi Streaming (STCK1000100)12GB of available memory:  Since it has no MicroSD slot and you cannot charge it while in USB Host mode, the 12GB memory limitation winds up being a problem if you want to upload any large video files (upload 1 file, view it, delete it, repeat).  After all my apps have taken up their space, there is not enough room left over to upload any large video file.No Drive Letter: I am about to refresh my backup of my phone and none of my normal tools for comparing the contents of two folders works because no traditional means of referring to folders understands what Computer\HTC6435LVW\Internal storage means.  With previous phones with SD cards, I was able to do.  This makes my normal routine of backup via Windows Explorer much more difficult.Wireless Charging:  The Qi charger does not work if you have a USB Host Mode OTG (or the MHL) cable plugged into it, which is a shame because that is the primary reason I purchased it.Micro USB Cover: It may help in keeping out water and dirt, however it is one extra step every time I want to plug something in.  4 months later, I have gotten used to it and it is still there. It helped that I caved in and bought a wireless Qi charger.  I have also recently seen a tear down of this phone and there is a rubber gasket going all the way around the outer edge.  Between the gasket and the usb cover, it should be more water resistant than most phones.Micro HDMI port: I am disappointed that there is no micro HDMI port to allow me to use the OTG cable at the same time as an HDMI cable.  MHL has issues that a dedicated port may have not had.FM Radio App: It did not come with the FM Radio app which has been preinstalled on every HTC phone I have every owned before now (this being my 4th or 5th).  I use this app every morning as my wife's favorite radio station blocks all avenues I have tried to stream to my phone via the internet, except of course for it's own Android App, of which I am not fond.  My old HTC Thunderbolt has become my full-time bed-side radio alarm clock.Removable Battery: I am worried about the non-user-replaceable battery.  I always had a spare for the Thunderbolt with me at all times and have used it many times.  So far, after 4 months usage and lots of testing... I have never been below 20% battery life left.  Soldering it in there enables them to use a smaller battery and case and therefore make the phone noticably smaller and thinner and lighter.  I have a lot more MicroUSB chargers these days, so there should be a charger most every where i go, but I still expect that at some point, I am going to be left with a dead phone.  But is that really the end of the world... no, not really.  The one big issue will be getting it replaced when the battery is no longer effective (probably 4 years).  However, this will likely also be an issue with ANY low volume phone.  Unless the battery is also used by a newer phone (or is a highly popular phone), the probability of finding anyone who currently manufacturers a replacement battery for any phone that is 4 years old is a bit low.  more likely you will buy one and find it was manufactured 4 years ago and sitting on a shelf for 4 years.Menu button: I know it is the new standard according to Google, however its absence means that the 3 dot menu bar pops up on every application that is not programming to deal with it (most annoying so: LogMeInIgnitionForAndroid).-General:Keyboard:  There is an option to "swipe" your words.  As a long fan of Swype I was intrigued, but after 1 day trial, I gave it the boot and install the Swype "beta".NFC: Samsung really sells this with it touch-to-S-Beam videos, however you can do this with the any phone with Android 4.1+ which has NFC built it like the DNA. It all depends on how the app uses it, which is where Samsung has really run with it... HTC not as much, but there are 3rd party apps.  I have not tried it yet.Holster:  I dropped by the Verizon store on day 1 and they had in stock a very slick belt holster (Verizon branded) for it that looks good, allows the wireless charging to still work, has a nifty option to display the phone at an angle to watch a movie or use a keyboard and view it like a monitor.OEM HTC DROID DNA Shell Combo w/Holster & Kickstand HTC6435.  6 months later I have yet to find a case/holster that provides good protection and ease of use.Screen Protector: So far I am liking this one:IQ Shield LIQuidSkin - HTC Droid DNA Screen Protector Ultra Smooth Film + Lifetime Replacement WarrantyBloatware: Verizon has forced upon us a suprising limited number of auto-start-up garbage apps (compared to the Thunderbolt 2 years ago).HTC.  My last 4 phones have been HTC.  As annoying as some of my phones have been at times, they had their good qualities and no phone is perfect.Unlimited Data Plan: I was worried about loosing my unlimited LTE plan, but in reality, I never used more than 4GB per month and the 4GB/mo plan with tethering ($50) is cheaper than my old unlimited plan with tethering ($30+$30).  Yes, I paid for tethering.Battery Life: So far, I have used it daily for over 5 months and I have yet to have a dead phone.-With all the radios on and no effort to conserve battery power, using a bluetooth headset:--Phone 1: 12 hours no travel 48% - 14 hours and 300 miles of driving 37% - 14 hours and 300 miles of driving 27% ---Phone 2: 14 hours 66% - 19 hours 50%. - 16 hours 47%-With MobileData Off unless needed and Bluetooth and Wifi on 100% of the time: 14 hours 73%, 21 hours 49%-With Bluetooth and MobileData off and WiFi on: 16 hours 83%.  11 hours 78%.-With Bluetooth and MobileData and WiFi all OFF and turning them on only as needed with less than 1 hour of screen time per day: 12 hours 94%, 36 hours 76%-With Bluetooth ON 100% of the time and MobileData OFF and WiFi OFF - turning them on only as needed with less than 1 hour of screen time per day: 42 hours 75%, 52 hours 60%  (worth noteing... I keep my bluetooth headset OFF until my phone rings as it connects quickly enough I do not need to waste battery power)-With a lot of screen time and a terrible LTE signal in my office (when I accidentally leave it on all day), I find that after 12 hours, I am generally down to about 20% battery life left.-In short, I keep my MobileData and WiFi off until needed in order to buy me more screen time.  There is no need to burn battery time to hunt for a signal when I do not need a connection.-I have started using the Tasker to automatically turn on the WiFi when I am within 1km of home and turn off the WiFi radio when I leave and to turn on the LTE radio when I turn on the Display and off again when I turn off the Display, so it is much like leaving both on 24/7 and yet I seldom have less than 70% battery life left at the end of the day with normal usage (1 or 2 brief phone calls, 15 min of web browsing, 30 min of Kindle reading on the train, a few texts, checking the time).-I have seen it warn me to plug it in a few times, but I was always able to plug it in and use it plugged in.-It is 6 months later now, still using Tasker to turn of LTE when the screen is off and on when I turn on the screen.  I tend to find it at 40% when I put it on the charger 16 to 18 hours after I picked it up and the "most used" app in terms of battery power tends to be Kindle while on the train (i.e. screen time), so that is not so bad.  I seldom get 70% anymore tho... I may need to do a factory reset to get back to that number.  I say this because I often find it at 50% after 12 hours and the only usage is "Android System" at 75% of battery power.  This makes no sense to me and the last time I found that to happen, a factory reset seemed to work (for a couple of months anyway).Bluetooth Keyboard and Mouse: I was able to pair it up and us each just fine, but the mouse was way too erratic, so it is tucked away in a drawer forever (the Logitech Tablet Mouse for Android 3.1+).Speed: I am amazed how much faster Google maps locates my current location (super fast GPS lock) and how quickly it shows traffic conditions.  My Thunderbolt took about 1 full second (vs instantly now) for the location and it frequently took FOREVER to display current traffic (vs instantly now).  This alone will save me a LOT of frustration if this continues.Reset: If the DNA becomes completely unresponsive and you cannot perform a restart, then simply hold down the power button for at least 10 seconds.Wired Ethernet:  I had hoped this might work, but it did not: [BobjGear USB to RJ45 Compact Fast Ethernet Adapter made for Android]Thin-Client Remote Desktop: I have moved this into the comments.  I doubt many people are trying to achieve what I am trying to achieve with a phone.HTC Media Link HD H300?: I tried three times to order the H200 on HTC's website, but it was cancelled on me each time and they finally told me the reason... the computers say it is discontinued.  Perhaps there is a H300 coming out soon?  No one knew anything.Google Play: I had no problem signing into my HTC Thunderbolt's existing Google Play account (putting 2 phones on the same account)Exchange: I encountered no issues with connecting to my company's Exchange Server during the initial walk thru.  I had previously been using Touchdown for Exchange, but I thought I'd give Google's email handler a try and so far, after 4 months now, I am still liking it, tho I did have to consolidate my calendars into one.Crashing: My first phone would crash or reboot whenever I used a FHD app for more than 8 minutes.  My 1st replacement phone did not have this problem, however I do occasionally have apps mysterious shutting down that seems to be related to lack of resources for certain FHD requests (FHD Angry Birds Star Wars?).  I am guessing that this might go away if they increased the RAM.  I thought my 2nd phone was rebooting on its own, but it turns out that the default sound for new google mail was the same sound as the reboot sound and since I so seldom get gmail, it took a long time for me to make that connection, but once I did, I just changed the sound for "Default notification".Rooting: I researched rooting mostly to enable NTFS, however I came across a post by someone who notice that the phone keeps track that you rooted it, so even when he unrooted it, the notification was readily available to any Verizon rep who would decide to deny the warranty because it had been rooted.  True or not, I decided against it, just in case.It came with a 1 amp charger that looks just like the one that came with my Thunderbolt.  I frequently charge it with the 2 amp charger that came with my HP Touchpad.It is running Android 4.1.1 and HTC Sense 4.  It has 2B of internal memory with not quite 12GB of alternate-pseudo-SDCard memory available for me to use.Bluetooth displays as 4.0I like Android 4.1.1 very much.  I forsee me installing far fewer utility applications (folders, task killer, etc).Contract Expiration Date: I have discovered that I am eligible for a new discounted phone on 07/21/14... 20 not 24 months. -- correction... after 6 months of showing a 7/21 date, I just noticed that they are now showing a 11/21/2014 date.Both phones I received (1 directly from VerizonWireless 11/21/2012 and later in the store 11/26/2012) came pre-charged.Update: Verizon did release an updated operating system last night, however it is still 4.1.1 and HTC Sense 4+.  "This update includes improvements for WiFi connectivity, Bluetooth connectivity, and other things such as improved audio quality over wired headsets and earpieces."  Also repaired: Angry Birds Star Wars now plays just fine.If you have any specific questions, just leave me a comment.Thank you&lt;Note: I am planning on getting a Samsung S4, mostly so that I can use it in the SmartDock and be able to use MHL 2.0 and OTG and charging all at once at FHD on a 15.6" FHD monitor>

So I had a Bionic, which I liked quite a bit.  My issue with the Bionic was really a minor one, it would reset due to the power button's sensitivity.  I was up for a renew, so I decided to check out the new phones.  A friend of mine told me to check out the DNA, best phone advice ever.Pro-Great camera, great screen, really clear speaker, doesn't feel cheap, easy to text, very fast to boot up, very fast web, multi taskingCons-Verizon bloatware (but every phone has that), almost too big of a screen (I'm 5'10" with normal sized hands and at times it seems awkward to type in landscape), maybe a little more memory would be nice for more songs

I just upgraded to this phone from a droid x. The screen clarity is unbelievable for a phone, highest resolution on the market right now. Quad core snapdragon processor makes the phone very fast. 4G LTE seems faster than wifi connection. Beats audio and great bluetooth sounds awesome through my car stereo. Jelly Bean operating system is very intuitive, it came with 4.1.1. I am also able to go in to applications and disable the majority of verizon bloatware without rooting. Battery life is adequate but nowhere near the razr maxx. no expandable memory, 16gb is all you get. usb micro on the bottom of the phone makes it hard to play and charge at the same time. there is also a cover over the usb micro port that i'm sure i will break. no hdmi out. All in all it is fantastic and I still have a lot to learn, I'm extrememly happy so far.

By far the best android phone out there. Amazon sent the phone right on time as stated and what a great deal! I ordered a otterbox to protect this beauty but am 100% happy with this phone... definitely recommend and am glad i got rid of my Galaxy S3..

This phone is awesome.  The screen is incredible, very fast and the camera is great... it even has a burst mode and has an option to keep the best shot. I have four little ones so I tend to take more pictures with my phone than the nice Nikon I have.  I was torn because the battery seems undersized but it has gotten good reviews.  First day with it so time will tell but so far it seems fine.  I wanted the Droid Razor Maxx HD because of the battery but it gets terrible reviews on the camera.  This phone can play 1080 on the 5" screen and it looks that good!  I think this will be the next big phone but it will drive many other 1080 screens I'm sure.  I am feeling excited about this phone which is how you should feel with such great technology out there.

I love this phone and it's features. The clarity and resolution are awesome. I will advise for anyone getting this phone. Make sure you buy a case and screen protector. I cracked my screen and had to have the phone replaced. Thank heavens for insurance.

This phone is really excellent as a device - great battery life, screen, camera, everything. But it has a serious problem: Verizon. E-mail on this phone will stop updating for no apparent reason through both Gmail and a corporate email account. I checked this with my old One X side by side, wiped it, did all the usual troubleshooting steps but there is some bug in the Verizon software the phone has that causes this issue. Worse, Verizon has no ETA for fixing this and they lock the bootloaders on these phones now, so it's impossible to install a different ROM or download an update package. As a result customers are completely at the mercy of Verizon's convoluted and generally evil internal process whenever something goes wrong, to say nothing of the bloatware they foist upon customers.In summary, I would buy this phone again - but not as a Verizon device.

In the first couple days of owning this phone I was extremely skeptical. I came from a Galaxy Nexus, rooted and ROMed with stock 4.2 on it. I loved the stock experience and the cutting edge OS. What I hated was the atrocious battery life. The first day I owned my DNA, I was afraid I had committed myself to another high spec phone with a 5 hour battery life.As it turns out, I was simply in a really challenging reception area. That's what wiped my battery the first day. Under more normal conditions (aka not spending 3 hours in a bunker-like situation), I make it all the way from 8 AM to 10 PM with about 50% of battery left. I'm not a super heavy user, but it gets some pretty great real world mileage. As a comparison, my GNex got to about 6 PM and then died.There's a billion reviews of this phone out there, so I'll concentrate on the high points here. The major selling points of this phone are the screen and the processor / RAM setup. It is blisteringly fast and crystal clear beautiful. Yes. The speed and the screen are worth it. Bottom line, if you're debating, it's worth it. The battery is not an issue -- at least not for me.The negatives of this phone really come down to a couple minor design issues. First of all, that stupid MicroUSB door. It's a pain to pry open, especially in the dark when you're plugging it in for the night. Considering spending the ~$40 for a wireless charger to get around this stupid door. Second, the power button. I used to have a Droid X, so when I switched to the GNex, it was weird getting used to the side button. It made sense though, because the phone was so damn big. Now, the DNA is even bigger...so it makes it a bit tough to push. Finally, my biggest complaint are the capacitive buttons on the bottom. I appreciate the extra real estate on the screen, but the buttons are SO close to the bottom that with 1-handed operation, I feel like I'm going to drop the phone.So there you have it. A great phone, but a couple design flaws. Overall, positives outweigh.

I've had this a couple of weeks. It's my first smartphone and so far it has not disappointed. No glitches, no crashes. It's sophisticated but intuitive. I've been able to figure out how to do most things I need to do. It has synched up effortlessly with my email, calendar, Facebook and so on. The phone sound is good. It's a great value.

Just got this powerful phone yesterday and try to get used to android system (my previous HTC phone is windows system). I like its big screen, crispy beats audio, extremely fast processor, and Full HD resolution.

THE PHONE WAS GREAT I LOVED IT AND IT CAME ON TIME AND EVERYTHING I WOULD RECCOMEND IT.****SINCE THEIR $400 FEE IS HIDDEN TO NOT EASILY BE SEEN I WANTED TO MAKE IT CLEAR THAT IF FOR ANY REASON YOU CANCEL BEFORE 181 DAYS OR AFTER THE 30 DAYS YOU WILL BE CHARGED A $400 FEE. MY PHONE WAS BROKEN BY SOMEONE SO I HAD TO TERMINATE MY CONTRACT BEFORE 181 DAYS NOW I OWE VERIZON EARLY TEMINATION FEE ($350)  PLUS AMAZON A $400 FEE. MY POINT IS BEWARE OF WHY PHONES COST FAR LESS ON HERE AND GET INSURANCE ON YOUR PHONE!

exactly what I expected.  Bought this for an elderly parent and its fits in the small shower stall perfectly..nice and sturdy ..easy to adjust.. and NO metal to rust.

There are many in depth reviews available on this phone. It is an excellent smartphone... a larger version of the HTC Incredible 2/4. Great for users with poorer vision and/or larger fingers. It does have the occasional quirks but overall a great smartphone. However, VERY DISAPPOINTED with Verizon customer service and technical support. Backup Assistant does NOT work on my phone even after 8 phone calls and many wasted hours of Verizon &#34;fixes&#34;....TERRIBLE! If my wife were not a dedicated Verizon customer I would have dumped Verizon long ago!

OMG, I just got my Droid DNA yesterday and absolutely LOVE it!!! After struggling with my decision between the DNA and the Razr HD, I went with the DNA.The screen, resolution is beautiful, love the size ... will be much better for my aging eyes for games, e-mails, maps, driving directions, etc. It's super fast and the cell reception is way better than I ever expected. I'm in a marginal 3G area, but this phone picks up a 4G signal over half the time. My download speeds have gone from less than 1 MB to over 5 MB, sometimes up towards 8!!!! Am I a happy camper??? YOU BET! With no DSL or cable, this is my only internet access. I had a Verizon MiFi for almost 2 years and it was greatly inferior to using my Droid X2 as a hotspot; then, compared to this DNA, it was pathetic!!!A good camera was important to me in my decision too.  I haven't thoroughly tested it out yet, but ALL reviews rave about this camera, whereas the Razr camera was really poor, in spite of being 8 megapixels also.  (Megapixels don't tell the whole story.)If you can live with the 16GB, this phone is the best out there I think. (As CNET review has also said.)

Had a Galaxy SIII for a week and decided to give this phone a try. Bought one for my wife and one for myself and never regretted the decision. This phone is fast, you will notice the difference when performing task such as playing games or browsing the web. One think about the phone I absolutely love is the fact that there is not a bloat load of program running in the background. The GS3 has 2Gig of ram also and most of the time about 1.5 of it is in use. While the DNA most of the time only uses about 700 megs. While I had the GS3 I tried flushing the ram but the programs would restart.  With regards to battery life, there is no doubt, this battery is light years better than the GS3. Can go a whole day without charging, no so with the GS3. Around 6 pm I had to start looking for a charger.

This phone is nothing far from perfect, if anyone is curious about battery, don't worry I was too when I was thinking of buying it, I can say I made the right choice in doing so, for a college kid I use my phone sometimes during class and between classes, overall that's probably about 3-4 hours use of texting or on a social network and my battery is usually always above 50% by the time I get home, its a quick phone, very responsive, flows well from page to page and the 5 inch display is phenomenal, I couldn't ask for a better phone

I love this phone, it has an incredible screen, a great camera and processor, the specs simply blow everything else except the note 2 away but it still feels like a phone.  It feels like a quality phone.  I had the choice of anything available and this was just easily the best phone out.  The screen makes the internet useable and you can read your emails with little adjustment, the size and speed just makes it a no contest vs the iphone.  Not that the iphone isn't a great phone, but with the size and feel that the DNA has it was just flat out a better experience with this vs the iphone for me.  My only complaint is there aren't very many cases out for this yet so I had to settle for now but worth it.

This phone is great the camera took good pics the messageing keyboard you can change nice big screen. Loved it

Love the phone, its crazy fast! Would definitely recommend buying this to anyone. My only dislike is when texting you may tend to push multiples letters by accident. Other than that, it's a great product!

This is by far the best designed phone on the market today - both ergonomically and aesthetically. It raises the bar even for the iPhone 5, which in comparison to the DNA feels diminutive. For taking pictures and videos, and viewing them, the DNA's bigger (5") screen is superior to the 4" screen of the iPhone 5. In addition, the DNA has lot more pixels and thus better resolution than the smaller screen of iPhone 5. The DNA also allows screen customization so that one can select from a bunch of widgets and tiles and give the screen a personalized identity. The iPhone 5 screens have fixed design.Why this comparison with the iPhone 5? Because intially I was all set to buy the iPhone 5. But when the iPhone 5 was released and I checked it out, I was underwhelmed. Then, the dismissive comments by an Apple VP about iPhone 5's inherent quality problem ("Chipgate") did not help either. I staretd considering other alternatives and quickly ruled out the Samsung Galaxy III because it looked plasticky and its front looked out of proportion. The Motorola phones too seemed less aesthetically pleasing to me and had quality issues.Thus, for me, the HTC Droid DNA was the hands-down winner in terms of excellent design as well as buld quality. Its size too feels perfect in hands because of its lightweight and balance, and is still quite manageable with one hand.The DNA's battery life is a concern, but I suspect other similar smartphones have less than impressive battery lives as well. The one detail of the DNA body that mars an otherwise excellent phone design is its little USB cover. I hope the next time HTC will do away with this cover.I have now used the phone for over a month. Its functions - such as making calls, taking pictures, listening to music, watching videos, using apps and email - all work very well, complementing the phone's great design.I would highly recommend this phone to others.

awesome phone but for some reason its freezing up on my every once in a while. i would still recommend this phone.

It's as I said above.. it's an awesome smartphone, but... I had the unpleasantness of receiving one of the rare few with camera focus issues... don't let that scare you though.. it's an apparent rarity and Amazon quickly and promptly has a new one on the way. Dropped off the faulty one yesterday at UPS and they already have a new one coming to me today as I type this review. No fault of Amazon, people, if that is your fear of ordering from them... I researched the heck out of it online and apparently there are a small handful of DNA's out there that have this same issue... Must have been a bad factory run of them I am guessing. The Droid 3 I got from them last year was perfect and the camera was as perfect as if I walked right into a Verizon corporate store and purchased it.

this thing is stupidly huge I thought it might be a little bigger than my old smart phone but this thing is a behemoth. The HTC specific OS features are all awful I would go back to my motorola phone in a heartbeat if I could.

I'm gonna start off by saying that I do like this phone, which is why it pains me to think about how it could have been so much better. However, if I had waited a few months I would have surely gotten the Galaxy S4 (I didnt care for the design of the S3, the plastic feel is not my style).The first thing, the storage is pretty bad. You get 16GB of space, ~3GB or so of which is dedicated to Verizon's bloatware that they made impossible to delete, so you're actually stuck with like 13GB. What really annoys me is that the original version of the phone had a SSD drive to give people the option of additional storage, but Verizon specifically told them to remove it from the design. The only reason I can think of for this is that it would have made this phone too appealing over Verizon's other offerings at the time of its release (most notably the Razr Max HD, which lacked the DNA's multimedia capabilities but instead boasted larger storage and a bigger battery).Other annoyances: the phone produces a noticeable amount of sound artifacts (static-esque noise) when you lower the phone's volume past a certain threshold. I've been told this is because of interference with the phone's internal radio chip, but I'm not really sure. Also, the camera is fairly lackluster in indoor/low light conditions. Also, this is fairly minor but the usb port is blocked by a plastic tab that you have to peel off every time you want to charge the phone.On the plus side: the screen is great and responsive, 5" is pushing it a little (especially if you try to use the keyboard with the phone sideways) but the 1080p is very solid. I've also dropped the phone a few times and only gotten one minor scratch on the screen, so there's that.Basically, the Galaxy S4 is the phone you want. But if you MUST have this phone for some reason, expect to be impressed by what the phone can do, but at the same time let down by how close it was to doing more.

I could write a lot about this phone, but I won't.  There are 3 things going for it which are unbelievable:1) The screen.  Never seen a better one.2) The battery.  For a non-removable battery, this thing works like a champ.  Will breeze through a day with light usage.  However, if you fire up music, navigation and surfing the web, yeah, you'll drain it pronto.  Last night, after a full charge, light gaming, moderate internet, moderate email and a few calls, at the end of the day it sat over 40% left on the battery.  It's nice not to have to worry about a battery.3) Fast.  The quad core on this thing is laughable it is so fast.  Never had a phone that's quicker.  Loading apps / maps / music / video - super fun.No like?  Verizon.  There are significant problems when adding sim cards that Verizon will not tell you about as they charge you to activate your device.  A tech told me this first hand.  The fail rate on installing sim cards is high and you can only get a free sim card through the mail or physically visiting a CORPORATE Verizon store.  Bought the phone off contract without a sim - it took over 3 hours to get this thing activated (the first sim failed but they kept trying to activate it).  Most of the time I was talking to first level techs AFTER telling them I had already talked to a first level tech and been transferred.  Super frustrating and it's clear Verizon doesn't care.

For months I waited patiently with my Thunderbolt to purchase the Note II. I was online to pre order the Note II and saw this mysterious phone. I thought it was another Moto Razr at first as it wore the Droid moniker. I was wrong.This phone is stunning in every way. This is the benchmark. I am on my third Android phone after being a sulking Blackberry owner. I am very tech savvy and specs matter to me. This phone has all the top specs. This is a flagship device.From all the other reviews you can gather that the screen is simply amazing, its blazing fast, slim, sleek, and rolls out with jellybean. I cant say enough good about this device.Only con I can come up with is the stupid flap over the micro USB. Its annoying, its easily yanked off without losing any of the phones good lines. I have heard the complaints about the battery not being replaceable, and the lack of memory card slot. This is negligible at best. For a few its important, for the masses its a small price to pay to carry THE phone.Buy it.

Personally, I hate reading long reviews, so this one might be just for you. I'll cover the main points in which I believe are the features that stand out the most. But before I begin, my family switched from AT&T; to Verizon, and I bought this phone for $200.Data UsageWith newer phones, you can monitor data usage - I find this really helpful! A lot of families shudder at the thought of data overages - Not with this phone! A totally free feature, you can limit the usage per phone. It even tells you what apps use the most data, and you have the options to warn that your near the limit, and you can turn off background data for all apps, or individual ones. The ONLY downside to this (I believe) you cannot password protect this feature. So if you have kids that use a lot of data, it's super easy to turn it off. Also, there's a "Mobile Data" widget that you can turn your data on and off in an instant - and there's also a MyVerizon App where you can monitor your data use.BatteryI don't understand why people have complaints about this battery. I turn off mobile data when I'm ready to put my phone in my pocket. I also have a free "Task Manager" app that kills any background processes and on top of that, I set my brightness to the lowest. (This only takes 3 seconds, tops!) In my opinion, when a lot of people buy a new phone, they charge it immediately. WRONG! Charge it when it ONLY needs charging and make sure the battery is near 5% before you charge. I've been doing this religiously, and my battery lasts me two days - Pretty good for a smartphone if you ask me!Processor Power - Display - AppsThis phone is really snappy, and I mean REALLY snappy! Open apps in an instant, pictures load perfectly, and facebook is BAM! Talk about fast!This phones display has the same resolution as my 21'' computer monitor - so you're packing a lot of pixels into a really small space.Apps load instantly, and you can have multiple apps open at once and the phone won't slow a bit.Other Comments- There is NO SD CARD SLOT! This really isn't a "dealbreaker" for me - so I don't really care. However, if you pack a lot of your data on an SD card, there's only about 12 GB usable on the phone.- The Camera & Video functions are really cool. You can take a video and snap pictures - together! There are different "filters" on the phone (kind of like Instagram)Other than that, do yourself a favor and do more research on this phone. I've only had it a few days, and I continually love it a bit more everyday. There are plenty of review videos on Youtube, and there are also several stories on websites. This phone really packs a punch, the battery, apps, camera, gallery, and the like totally impress me. I hope you enjoyed my review!

I had an iPhone 4 for the past couple of years and decided Android had made enough advancements that I should give them consideration... and boy did it ever impress!I went into the Verizon store trying to decide among the iPhone 5, HTC Droid DNA, Samsung Galaxy S3, Samsung Galaxy Note 2, and the Motorola Droid Maxx HD.  Without a doubt... the HTC DNA was the most impressive.I've heard knocks on the battery life.  And while there are better batteries out there, this one is actually quite good and gets me through my work day.  They have optimized the phone for this battery.  I'll say this... it gets better battery life than my wife's Samsung Galaxy S3.The other knock people have mentioned is on the limited storage.  I'm used to limited storage (as with the iPhone 4).  I never used up my 16 GB's on my iPhone... and I don't see this being an issue for me on the DNA.  However, if you plan on storing your movie collection on your phone (not sure why someone would)... then this phone isn't for you.The screen is truly a sight to behold.  Best out there.  The phone is snappy and buttery smooth.  HTC Sense+ has been an enjoyable experience.

I got this phone on the 24 because i was eligable for my upgrade. This phone is amazing. Good features, easy to use and just overall good.Although i would like to have a removeable battery and an extra slot for memory cause it only gives you like 11gb. other than that it's awesome.This is a warning. Only use the HTC charger it came with. Do not use a different charger. I was charging the DNA with my friends charger because i was at his house and he has the razr MAXX andI didn't force it in it went in smoothly and in about 10min my phone became super hot and shut off. It wouldnt turn back on so iwent to my house and tried charging it on my htc charger that came with it. Nothing. I took it to the nearest verizon store and he told me i fried it. I had no idea that using a different charger could do that to a phone. Verizon is going to replace it so that's good but they were all out in all of the stores around me haha so there gonna send it in the mail.Awesome phone, just dont charge with a differen't charger.

One will be much pleased with the Droid DNA!!!I spent a lot of effort pouring over specs and awaiting the quad-core devices with anticipation during august-November. I've owned (and still own) HTC thunderbolt which is a nice device. I had started with original motorola droid and have a droid razr also. Prefer HTC screen as it is more appealing. Key points:1. Screen is phenomenal2. Device feels thin, well designed, and feels great in the hand3. Gorilla glass works- somehow even though I keep this in a belt pouch it fell to the ground at least 3-4 times with no scratches.4. No issues with call quality5. Quad-core appears to be delivering with no wait having multiple applications openI would gladly recommend to everyone I meet to buy this and its a steal at $149.95.===================================================================================updated March 7, 2013My pleasure with the DROID DNA has grown tremendously over the past several months. Yes, the storage capability is low, but that's not a show stopper for me as I'm ok switching out music and shuttling images/videos to dropbox or my own cloud storage. The screen continues to be awesome- I've dropped it a few times on hard surfaces with no scratches,dents,after effects. I very much enjoy the multi-tasking with this device. I save all my email messages for reference and the phone appears to handle the volume quite well. My previous phones- Thunderbolt and Moto Droid Razr - seemed to be slowed a fair amount by the email volume and storage level but there's no stopping DROID DNA. Battery life is really pretty good when one is on a WIFI connection throughout the day- I regularly can get 12hrs in this case with moderate usage- battery life is not good when mobile signal is lower.HTC really needs to fix the voice dialer because Google voice dialer is completely useless. The best one is Motorola's. HTC also needs to have a 'low power' feature like Motorola DROID RAZR.I will likely be considering upgrading several other phones on this plan this year as there doesn't appear to be any huge breakthroughs on the near term horizon other than potential for "octa core". DROID DNA is ultra smooth, a visual pleasure, fits right in the hand, and camera is pretty nice too.

Does everything I ask from it and more. Games, apps, etc. all run perfect.Battery lasts all day with normal use. Should have been advertised a lot better for what this phone can do.

I tested this phone against the iPhone 5, and Samsung GS3. I walked in to the Verizon store to upgrade my phone, with my mind made up about the iPhone 5. Before setting foot in the store, I'd never heard of the DNA. After an hour of testing a few phones, this was hands down the best phone I tested.The screen is awesome, it covers the phone from corner to corner, taking full advantage of the size. Browsing the web using 4G is lightning fast, really responsive with very little lag. I've had the phone a week now, and really enjoy using it.

The size to me is perfect.  I came from a Galaxy 1 that I thought was an awesome phone.  Would have stayed with it longer, but I had to get away from T-mobile.  I was all set to get the Galaxy 3, but while doing my research I came across the DNA.  Although I think I would have been happy with either phone, in the end I went with the DNABattery- I've had it ten days and never even got close to using up the battery power.  I use my phone off and on all day, make calls, apps, web, games and it has not been an issue.  On the weekends, when I am using it more, it went down to around 25% charge by the time I put it on the charger for the night.Buttons- Power and volume buttons are not as bad as some people point out.  I think the issue with that is they don't understand it takes a few days to get use to them.  Now, I am as fast at using them as I was with my old phone.Memory:  I think people are stuck in the past and are just not adapting to the future when it comes to memory.  Memory cards have been around so long that people are use to them, and don't really understand.  Wifi is everywhere and at least for me in my house.Size:  I think this phone is the perfect size.  I don't think I would want anything bigger.  It fits well into jeans and dress pants.  I don't notice the phone when I sit down.  I can still do everything with one hand just like I could with my last phone.Overall, I am really glad I bought this phone: lighting fast, with an incredible picture quality, great camera.

fantastic phone upgrade coming from a Droid Inc. 2.  The increase in size has only been a plus. I was worried it would be too big, but I never even notice it anymore. Processor is way fast for phone functions and internet is actually usable now with 4G and a good processor. Keyboard is just like my old Droid and I hardly ever mis-type. Talk and voice input is really great too! Very happy I got it.

This phone is the greatest Droid so far that i have owned and i have had quite a few. The camera is top notch in my opinion and takes very clear pictures at almost any distance as long as you let it focus which takes under a second. Very powerful and smooth with quick download times as well.

Had it a week.Pros:  Very fast, great display and excellent voice quality. Also, the battery lasts just fine for an average user.Cons: glass scratched on 2nd day. Had it in my pocket and dropped in a few coins of spare change and got a nice corner to corner etch on the glass. Oh well. Not a fan of all the Verizon bloatware either considering the lack of expandable memory.Am confident this phone will serve me well for years to come.UPDATE:3 months later and I have had to exchange the SIM card and get a "like new" replacement as I continued to experience the SIM/PUK errors that are a known flaw with this phone. Has reduced this technological giant with so much promise to a mere paperweight. Verizon customer service has bit the big one as well, refusing to exchange it for a similarly advanced phone (just their old rejects gathering dust in the warehouse).Another Verizon customer about to leave for Sprint...

Purchased this phone and used it for only about 2 months.  Although the screen is 1080p, it is not as bright and sharp as the one in the Galaxy S4.  Pros:1080P Display Resolution w/ a big 5 inch screenBeats Audio - Makes a huge difference in audio quality, especially if you plug your phone into your car's stereoBuilt in Wireless ChargingGood Price- 50 Bucks for this beast with a 2 year contract is a steal... especially if you don't have the 200 bucks for the Galaxy S4Cons:No Micro SD slotBuilt in 16 GB of storage is only nearly 11 GB because of all the Verizon crap on the phone that cannot be uninstalledNon removable batteryVerizon has not released HTC Sense 5 or Jellybean 4.3 for this phone yet!!

My first smart phone, a Samsung that cost $50 more, lasted 1 week before I dropped and ruined it. No insurance, of course. I really liked that phone, but disliked its frailty. The power, volume, etc buttons felt flimsy and the phone overall too light. Still, it was a top rated phone, so I went to order an exact replacement.When I went to place my order on-line, a pop up appeared announcing that Verizon had begun offering this HTC DNA. After doing some exhaustive review reading, I decided to go with this and forget about replacing the Samsung. I am so glad I did.Some others have complained about the lack of a removable drive and the inability to upgrade to more storage. Neither is a problem for me. To access the drive, I just hook up the phone to my PC. Storage is more than adequate for me because I prefer accessing my music through the cloud. Same with pics. Without music and pics, I haven't used even a third of what's available.As to losing service and getting a no sim card card message, it's not been my case. I'm in a 4G Verizon service area, so maybe that figures in.Regarding connecting my phone through the aux port, I've had no issues and my music has not been distorted. Wi-Fi problems? Wow. Not here. Mine connects super fast and I have had no issues.As others have noted, it's big. I love it, but tiny hands might find it difficult at first to operate. Glorious clear optics and a screen, finally, that's able to let me watch vids without holding the phone right in front of my eyes.It's also REALLY fast. No problem switching through screens, using apps and answering calls. The Samsung I had froze up when a call would come through, so I love this phone's flexibility.Oh yeah, it's a phone too, lol! Phone quality is awesome, on par with my land line and much better than the Samsung I had for a week. All in all, I'm glad I broke that darn thing even if it did cost me out of pocket.The one and only reason I am rating this phone 4 stars instead of 5 is the battery life that many have mentioned. It's really not a biggie for me, but I can see how it would be an issue to anyone that doesn't keep USB charging cords around their PCs, or a battery pack in their backpack. There are easy work arounds, you just have to think ahead.BTW, none of these sleek phones with big screens have the ability to bounce. Although this phone feels tougher than my old Samsung or my friends' iPhones, get yourself a protective case and pop for the insurance for the first six months or so (until the phone price drops enough to equal less than the insurance).*Update*So, not a huge deal, but the charging port cover isn't strong enough to hold up to daily use. The little plastic hinge is a fail point over time. Now when I charge the phone I have to keep track of where I put the cover since it's no longer attached. It's inevitable that I'll loose it at some point which will leave the port forever open, making the phone more susceptible to being damaged.

This is overall a great phone! The screen size is awesome, and the resolution is fantastic! I agree with many reviewers here about the lack of removable memory and the lack of removable battery, but that's they way technology is headed, so I decided to jump on that wagon.I use my phones A LOT. I use them for everything from phone calls to personal assistant to my primary camera. On that note, I use a lot of battery juice. It was really hard for me to move from my Rezound with 3 spare batteries to this sealed battery DNA. I'm still pretty glad I did. Of course, I had to buy a 10,000 mAh external battery to keep me going, but I still think it was worth it. Hopefully when HTC and Verizon get around to rolling out the Jelly Bean update, this will become my favorite phone. I recently tried the all-new(ish) Verizon HTC One, but ended up returning it in favor of sticking with my DNA. You can click on my name above and find that review if you like.There is a lot to like about this phone. I like the speed and ease of use. The screen resolution is bested only by it's newer brother, the HTC One, and that is barely noticeable and only due to the slightly smaller screen size of the One. I truly enjoy watching videos on this phone. The ease of outputting HDMI video with a simple MHL adapter is awesome when I'm on the road, and the sound produced by the on board speaker is great. The HTC lock screen with quick functions is handy; I only wish you didn't have to make the lock screen buttons the same as the hot buttons on every screen.The 8 MP camera does the trick as my primary camera. It has many helpful features including the burst shot, the panoramic option and the HDR setting for low light photos that are pretty accurate. It also has Macro functions as well as different filters for some fun photo effects. The front facing camera is perfect for video calls and even for quick self-portraits alone or with that special someone.My only really true complaints are the Verizon Bloatware that seems to come with every Verizon phone and the flimsy little power port cover that just broke off one day 3 months into having the phone. Of course, HTC and Verizon said that it wasn't covered under warranty.Droid DNA by HTC Pros:Super fast quad core with 2GB RAM1080 X 1920 pixels resolution with 441 pixels per inch8 MP camera takes awesome shots in any lightingSize and weight are awesome for 5 inch screenI like the top middle power button locationHDMI out with MHL adapterWireless ChargingCons:Non removable batteryOnly 16 GB memory with no other optionsThe flap covering the power port is flimsy and will break off during normal useVerizon Bloatware

Have had the Droid DNA since launch day, and this phone is the absolute best.The battery exceeds my expectations, getting through a full day is no problem for me using web, email, text, google talk, streaming music via BT, checking weather, reading Kindle, you name it. Average 12 hours or so battery for me with 20% or so remaining at the time I plug it in at night.This phone takes full advantage of the Verizon network unlike the Verizon Samsung GNEX and S3 I just got rid of. Samsung has very poor RF performance compared to this HTC. I now have rock solid LTE where the Sammy's would constantly be searching for a signal, and often requiring a reboot to reconnect.The Verizon bloatware - Disable it. go to settings, apps, click the app and press DISABLE. Bam, gone!Google now - a huge battery drain, disable it. If you need traffic or calendar reminders open the appropriate app. Google now is constantly reading calendar, gps, using data, who knows what else. Disable it and enjoy a 25% or so battery boost.The screen! The screen is gorgeous and very fluid. The only app I have found a problem using the screen is the built in web browser. There is some minor vertical tearing, where one half of the screen will update faster than the other when scrolling. No biggie as video and flash works great. Fun fact - this screen is about the size of an iPhone 4, the whole phone!I love this phone, get it. Rip off the stupid rubber charging port cover, and get the Diztronic case as it fits perfect and matches the phone color and texture perfectly.

Good phone with nice features. Had minor software issues but was corrected with updates. Overall happy with this purchase.  Would buy again.

I am 71 years old and have severe optic nerve damage. My last phone was an HTC Incredible 2 and I loved it. A bit slow, but a beautifully designed product.But, I discovered, over time, I could not see what I needed to see and as my contract was expiring I needed to choose a new phone that might ameliorate my vision problems.I will leave it to others more expert than I to fill in the technical details as to why this phone was a solution to my problem.I can see the text on the screen without going through contortions and I am a very happy camper.Thank you HTC.

What can I say, I love this phone, the screen, the speed, everything about this phone is amazing.  I came from T-Mobile with a Samsung Galaxy S2, holy crap what a difference.  The phone is big, but can easily be handled with one hand, its thin and tall, kind of like an iPhone 5.  HD videos on this is sick, retina display has nothing on full 1080p, when I tell people I have 1080p on my phone they get jelly and start hating.  They can hate all they want, and its smokes the iPhone 5 out the water.  I got my girl the iPhone 5 because to me that phone is for simple people who need something easy to work with.  Everything is win on the DNA, they both have non-removable batteries, no external storage capabilities, so it all comes down to performance.I got my phone at a Verizon store, I went to Best Buy to find it, but they didn't have it in stock, and the rep didn't know about that phone. When I told him the specs he was all shocked and wanted one for himself, I said the DNA is the phone to beat.  Everything is perfect on this phone, it has front and rear LED notification lights. I read that it didn't but don't believe everything you read on the internet.  The light is not huge but its definitely bright and you can see it, especially on the back, I have a clear smoked rubber case on mines, and its perfect because I can still see the LED notification.  Just ass up for face down, I know if I got a notification if the phone is on silent.Only drawback I had was the infamous SIM card error, people complaining about the size of the storage, non removable battery, who cares, it says it before you buy the phone so if that's all you care about then don't get the DNA.  But when I got the phone I was in Heaven, and after a few days I kept getting NO SIM CARD FOUND,so I did some research, this was a huge problem, every forum that supports the DNA there was a thread about it.  I did all the tricks that worked for people, like popping out the SIM and reinserting it, putting it in airplane mode then back to normal, none of this worked.  I went back and traded in the phone, got a new one, new SIM and the same s***.  I was like WTF is going on.  As soon as I was about to return the phone, the problem was gone.  I know because I was restarting my phone every hour, but its been a good month and not once did I get that error.  Kinda scary, but I love this phone too much to give it up, if I didn't get that SIM card error, I would give it 5 stars, but that issue I had even though its gone, still bothered me.In the end, this phone is a beast, Galaxy S3, iPhone 5, Nexus 4, forget about it.  Sony is coming out with a 1080p quad core phone soon, so that might be a good competitor.  On a side note, the camera is awesome, takes pics super fast with literally no shutter lag, and the flash is fast.  Unlike the S3 or iPhone 5, the flash stays on for like an hour before it takes the pic, blinding you and making you squint your eyes.  I take terrible night pics because I squint all the time, not with the DNA though, pics are fast and I am not blinded lol.

Incredibly impressed but if use phone for heavy use, battery came up short. And for me, is critical. Had to send back for this reason only. This was otherwise the perfect phone. Screen was amazing, fluid action, no lag time, UI all could ask doe, don't think I would have tried to root, just was perfect except for battery.

I'm not one who is attached to their phone all the time. But I will say that I really enjoy using this. It's slim, has a great picture and everything works smoothly. It's not the very latest out there now but can still hold it's own against any of them. Highly recommended!

I did about a months worth of research on different phones.  Went with the DNA and haven't had any of the issues others have talked about.  Crystal clear calls, no drops, great coverage.  It is a big phone, but hey...go big or go home.  Happy with my choice.  I am sure I would've been happy with the S3 or the iphone4s, but this one fits the bill.

Great phone, love the size, feel and heft of it. Powerful software and hardware. Can't go wrong with Android.Screen broke after only 1 month of ownership, dropped less than a foot on hardwood floor. Still functional just grumpy about it.SIM card &#34;disconnects&#34; itself regularly. It fixes itself and I have missed a call or anything due to it yet but the phone isn't a phone when the SIM card isn't working. Verizon had no solution, seems to be an issue with the phone as this is a common complaint.

This was my first smart phone. I spent about a week researching phones and decided that this looked the best in terms of the specs to cash ratio. Upon receiving the phone it met all of my expectations plus a few more features that I did not know of. All in all a great phone to have.

Huge drawback is the lack of expandable memory. 16gb onboard will get eaten up very quickly with music and a couple of movies or videos. Especially with a high resolution camera. I was not aware of this issue until I had already purchased. I have since cancelled the order and will reconsider the Galaxy Note II.

There is no getting around it. This phone is nothing short of incredible. It manages to pack one of the highest resolution screens on the market into a small, lightweight form factor, and the processing and graphics are unparalleled, even among quad core phones. Also, it boots instantaneously, sounds incredibly, and has surprisingly little bloatware.Pros:-Screen - Bright, gorgeous, 1080p, 440ppi, great contrast ratios. Absolutely the best on the market right now. I cannot distinguish individual pixels, even with my eye half an inch from the screen. On an amazing smartphone, this is still the most amazing part.-Processor - The Snapdragon S4 pro is the fastest processor on the market right now, and HTC somehow manages to beat out the performance of several other phones that have it. The benchmarks are only beaten by the actual experience.-Graphics - Absolutely fantastic. This Adreno is a powerful little GPU.-Sound - Make no mistake: This phone can get louder than my laptop. It is on par with a pair of $20 speakers, and the Beats Audio is great. Everything sounds wonderful.-Size - I expected this to seem large, but HTC's edge-to-edge screen means that it is actually about the same size as the Galaxy S3, which has a 4.8 inch screen. It is also very thin. I was pleasantly surprised.-Weight - I also, expected it to be heavy. It was lighter than I expected, once again on par with the Galaxy S3.-Battery Life - I expected about ten hours, which made it all the more amazing when my first charge got me almost three days. I am by no means a heavy user, but even with GPS running, and other apps running throughout the day, I was only decreasing by 25% across an entire day.-Bloatware - Honestly, surprisingly little. A few apps from Verizon, and most of the others were useful stuff like Google Maps. It took me two or three minutes to disable everything that I didn't like, even though this is my first real smartphone (other than an LG a few years back).-Camera - The sensor is even better than HTC's recent stretch of very good sensors. Also, the front camera is full 1080p, so video chats can be even more fantastic.-Feel - I have small-to medium sized hands, and this phone fits fine in them. I am right handed, and using one hand, I generally can reach almost all the way to the upper left corner, which is what I usually get from a 4.5 to 4.7 inch phone. I was also impressed with the feel of the phone. The rubber adds decent traction, but the phone remains unblemished, and in fact, it almost adds flare to the sides. I found the phone so comfortable, that even after spending money on a case, I never use it. Also, due to the screen size, typing is very nice and easy.-Network - Verizon: The best Network for the best phone. Very fast.-Operating System - Android 4.1 is great. I'm not sure when they will upgrade to 4.2, but it is a small jump anyway, so I don't know that I care.Cons:-I have not found one yet, so let's make up a few:-No teleportation (found this out the hard way).-Can't beam you into your own video games, so those of you trying to recreate Tron might be disappointed.-If machines ever gain sentience, your phone will likely be smarter and better looking than the rest. The machines, in an attempt to recover it quickly, might target you first for extermination.-Sarah Connor?All in all, this smartphone is an amazing device, and assuming you meet the following criteria:-Human-Medium sized hands or largeryou would be making a horrible mistake to purchase any other phone.

I upgraded from a Motorola Droid X2.  It's a little bigger but seems lighter.  It's very comfortable in my hand.  The screen is very clear and feels more responsive to the touch.  It's very fast and full of updated features but very familiar.  I recommend this phone but be aware of its large size compared to some other brands and models.

I am currently out of contract with Verizon Wireless it ended Nov 21st 2012. I am looking to upgrade my phone without starting another contract with them. Simply because Verizon services sucks and they are expensive compared to other carriers-I have had Verizon for  about 6 years. However, I feel that the Droid DNA is the best phone for me at this moment. Can I get this phone without starting a contract and without having to do month to month and having to pay full retail price for the phone? I have tried to research "unlocked" versions of the phone but is it only for 2 and 3g networks? Which network would be the best to support this phone?

I didn't like my last Droid so I'm a bit jaded. But so far this phone is meeting all expectations. It's fast, responsive, has a nice big screen and I love the camera. The volume button is a bit sensitive so I keep turning it off without realizing it. Overall I really like this phone.

The DNA is thee best phone I have ever owned....it has a very stable OS with the 4.1.1 android....battery is pretty good full charge lasts me all day....only bad part is that it does not have a micro SD card slot to expand the memory, so you are stuck with the 16 gig internal memory....it has a Awesome camera that takes great pictures...the screen is amazing with the 1080 HD display...the quad core processor is crazy fast....you can talk on the phone and surf the internet at the same time...it is an Amazing device very glad I went with the DNA....

The phone runs great, no freezing up. Camera takes great pictures. The screen is not durable, less then 2 weeks old my phone fell off the bath room counter and the screen broke.

I had an internet connecting issue with the original DNA but Amazon had amazing customer service. I got a replacement phone and the new phone is working great. Love the big screen and decent battery life. Love this phone. Ca not go back to small screen phone.

I already had a  HTC Incredible 2 which was a good phone while it lasted. This phone is much bigger but not better. It already has froze couple of times and it takes long time to restart. Battery seems ok for now but knowing HTC Droid Phones , within 6 months it will require frequent charging. It is much slower now after 1 month compared how fast it was on the first day I got it..I got it for a very good price on Amazon..so it's ok but it is a OK product.

this is an awesome phone. the battery will last you 13 hours on an average use. . 4G LTE is blazing fast. I can't complain.

I like the phone; no problem, no glitches. This is a quality phone, quality camera and it also has a user friendly interface.

This phone is great! It is very fast, response to the touch is quick. The screen is beautiful, I use it to watch Netflix often. The phone never lags, very smooth operation. I like the ability to customize screen colors and ringtones easily. Yes, it seemed a little big at first, but I've grown to like it, my old phone seems too small now.Netflix with Bluetooth headset works great. The battery is a little weak, but not bad. I think they could've made it at least a 2500ma without much difference in size, but maybe they'll come out with a maxx version later.Had the Razr HD before, the DNA is much smoother and faster than the Razr.Cons: The glass goes all the way to the corner so a case is a MUST! one little drop on a hard surface and the screen is done. I had a Thunderbolt and a Rezound also, they were dropped many times without a case and didn't break; I don't think this one would fare as well.Bluetooth phone audio quality isn't the best. Supposedly there is an update coming to fix the problem.No SD card slot. Stupid thing to leave out. The Butterfly (same phone available in some other markets) has it, why not the DNA? Must've been a Verizon trick so you have to buy a higher Data planYes, I recommend this phone

Phone became inoperable after only 3 days.  After hours of setting it up just how I wanted, verizons first course of action was to do a factory reset.  Problem re-occured again in 3 days.  Verizon replaced the phone with a new unit, same problem again in 3 days.  Called Verizion, they could only suggest a factory reset.  Called HTC and they said it was a known issue that required a software patch.  They walked me through the process and that problem was fixed.  However a few days later I got a sim card error and no service.  Rebooting the phone fixed the issue, however the error (and often a PUK code error).re-occures every 3 days.  Verizon put a new sim card in the phone, but 3 days later the error re-apperas.  Now the 14 day trial is up, HTC says I have to send the (brand new) phone in for repair (10+ days turn around), and Verizion has know clue what to do, except order me a warranty refurbished phone, that will probably have both of the orignial issues.  Brand new phone with continued "known" problems from day 3 and the only solution is to be without a phone for more than 10 days, or take another phone with "most likely" the same issues.

Pretty sweet looking and feeling phone actually.  But, it breaks sooo easily.  The screen of the phone extends all the way around the corners of the phone, so if you drop it on the &#34;corner&#34; of the phone, you are actually dropping it on the screen and it will shatter.I had insurance so i had the opportunity to break this phone 4 times.1) slid off the roof of my car while parked on a steep incline (really only a 5 foot drop)2) stepped on it while trying to remove my pants (it was in the pants pocket)3) pushing a door open with my hip as I was holding a large object (phone was in my pocket)4) tackling a guy who tried to steal it.Needless to say, Asurion no longer lets me enroll in their phone insurance plans hahaYou may be less reckless than me, but I HIGHLY recommend getting a case for this thing as it is fragile.Then again, the only reason to get this phone is for the sleek design, which a case will ruin, so just don't get it.

Bought this phone right before Xmas, used it on our trip to Florida and our skip trip in New England, and so far very satisfied with its performance. My husband has a Samsung GS3 so we can compare these two directly (from a non-technical perspective)Pros compared to S3:1. HD screen with higher resolution and truer, brighter color2. It takes less than 3 secs to completely power on! (compared to 10+ sec GS3 time, and 25+ secs for my previous droid X)3. Everything you expect to work on a new smartphone with droid jelly bean works here, in super fast speed:)4. Almost as thin as S3 with a cool exterior design and a slightly bigger screen5. Seems to be functional in extreme weather conditions. The power-on time when we were skiing took a little bit longer than usual. Worked perfectly fine when we spent 4 days on Florida beaches.Cons compared to S3:1. Battery life! My husband uses his S3 less often and he recharges every 3 days. I use the phone probably twice as he does but I need to charge everyday!2. Still need sometime to get used to the keyboard--especially when I accidentally touch the border keys, it's a little bit annoying. I'm getting a case so will see whether it'll get better then.Other things:1. It claims to have better photo and sound quality but not really discernibleConclusion:The new Qualcomm S4 pro quad-core processor and the HD screen seems to make a real difference. Plus I'm pretty happy about the price on Amazon wireless. I was considering a Galaxy Note II but this one attracted my eyes once I entered the verizon store (Note II seems to be too big to fit in my small hands and too expensive anyway).The HD screen allows me to read doc or pdf files without zooming them too much--works pretty well to perform daily operations (checking and replying emails as well as editing simple documents) when I'm on the way.

Is my second time I buy a phone with Amazon, not a problem. Cheaper than paying full price since I'm getting back into a contract. Check it at the store first and then order.

I love everything about this phone except one thing, and it is a deal breaker for me. Its Blue tooth really sucks! Voice dialing is a crap shoot, whether you can get it to call the correct contact, My wife uses the command to "Call Mom" (her mom)and the phone will call another contact that sounds nothing like "Mom". Blue tooth call quality and clarity is verily acceptable, but when the wife and I are trying to talk to each other through our blue tooth headsets (we both have DNA's) the doubling, of the degradadition in clarity makes it almost impossble to understand each other. I hate to focus on this negative when the phone does so many other things well, but I need blue tooth to work correctly. And no, its not my headset I tried several different headsets, all with the same results.

Stunningly beautiful design, fast at everything (video, music, YouTube, internet, Texting, live wall-screens, streaming news, aps, games etc...). If your like me and need a phone for a minimum of three years, you cant miss with this phone. I am not looking for a new phone every other year, I will be holding onto this for a while. The price of $49.00-$99.00, is a steal. I even dropped this phone in the bathroom face down, picked it up and kept on rolling. Remember what also makes this phone remarkable is the apps. I am now using the phone for less calls and more news streaming, YouTube and Netflix. The battery is excellent. Imagine using all the heavy battery usages and by the end of the day, you have juice and all it needs is a simple nighttime recharge. Camera looks like your looking through clear glass, need i say anymore! If this is your purchase, you will be very pleased.

Finally I decided to upgrade to HTC DNA. This phone is truly a beast. There is eventually a Droid which can beat iPhones in every way. The screen size and resolution is insane. 5'' screen with Gorilla Glass 2 is the main reason why too many iPhone users are switching to this one. DNA's processor is also amazing with 1.5Ghz quadcore which is great for multi-taking but this might be a downsize because battery might drain faster. Amazingly, battery has been great after the first charge to me! This phone's camera is surprising  ly great, especially to Motorola's users-- you know what I mean. I used to have Droid Bionic but that one was too buggy and it had too many issues so finally I could get rid of it. DNA is also waterproof which is good for summer. I was wondering between DNA and Galaxy 3, but when I placed two phones together, I immediately decided to get this DNA with no regret. Samsung needs to have Gorilla Glass to compete with HTC. If you're deciding on a phone to upgrade, get this DNA. You won't have to regret!UPDATE AFTER nearly 2 weeks using the phone:Pros: Screen-high resolution, Speed-multitasking, design-slim, camera-great with low light/fast/panorama works perfectly, HTC Sense-easy to useCons: avarage battery life, only 16Gb internal memory, back cover is easily scratched&#65279;

Coming from a Droid X2, this phone is incredible.  Brilliant way to get into a quad-core phone without getting an HTC One or an S4.  The build quality is great and the performance is as well--but you can read about these on other review sites.  I will put in my two cents about battery life, though.  My experience thus far is that the battery is more than sufficient.  Granted, I don't watch entire movies on it or have many, many hours of screen-on time each day, so your mileage may vary.  I do my fair share of googling, calling, facebooking, and tweeting, though.  I am a little worried that once the battery starts to age its non-replaceable nature will be annoying, but for now I'm finishing the day with anywhere from 35-55% left in the tank.  Couldn't be happier with the phone.

I generally take good care of my phones and haven't ever needed a case for one. The DNA however proves to be incredibly fragile. I've had mine replaced five times, four of them due to cracked screens. The most recent is that it was dropped and the entire screen just doesn't respond. No picture, vibration feedback, sound, anything. I'm actually so sick of the phone I"m considering paying full price for a different one. Don't get me wrong, all the other stuff is great. Very fast, user interface is easy, graphics and overall display quality is marvelous. It's just so fragile.

This is a great phone though I did have a issue where I had to reboot the phone a lot there for a while. I ended up removing the cover for the sim and re-seating it. After that I had no further issues.The phones performances is fantastic, I love pretty much everything about the phone except the horrid battery life. Keep a charger handy and pray you do not need this phone to last more than 8 hrs.I would of given the phone 5 stars if the battery didn't suck so bad.

I compared this to my co-workers HTC One and I actually like the DNA styling better. The screen is HUGE but the phone is so slender it never feels too big. The back is slightly grippy which is nice. Display is gorgeous and the apps are snappy ans responsive. Camera is good, on par with everything else out there. Sound is again disappointing but what do you expect from a rear speaker. The Beats audio adds a nice kick when output to head phones or my car speakers or the Sound Freaq, but I like bass. I could see it being too much for some. Disappointed that it doesn't have a stand like the Thunderbolt did, it came in handy more often than I thought it would and it's missed on the DNA. I didn't have a case on it for the first few months since I hated to add any bulk to its sleekness. Alas, I dropped it and the screen shattered. Very pretty but very annoying to read through. Replacement of the screen and digitizer was around $230 and now I have the Diztronic case on it. The repair person said that they'd been getting a bunch of DNAs so maybe the screen is more prone to breaking since the glass goes all the way to the edge. Beauty comes with a cost I guess. Only other complaint is the limit of 16GB for memory.

The HTC Droid DNA completed everything I want it to with relative ease, and then some. Upgrading from a Droid Pro, which outran it's two year life cycle, the DNA was a much needed leap into contemporary technology. It's a great phone for a price that's hard to beat and easily outdoes it's competitors.

I purchased the DNA a week after it's release date.  After purchasing it, i didn't want to write a review until i had more hands on time with it.  Being an Android user for the last couple of years, i know to wait a couple weeks to truly see if the phone is a powerhouse.  Coming to a conclusion that a phone is great after one day use is premature in the smartphone age.  After downloading apps, music, taking pictures, and saving tons of junk on your phone, performance usually starts to slow down.  This has been the problem with every Android phone i have owned. Now for my review..I've owned a Motorola Droid X, Motorola Bionic, and Motorola Razr Maxx.  I loved Motorola for the phone reception and call quality.  Truly loved the Maxx for the battery life.  But one thing always irked me about Android phones.  The phones would bog down after several months when trying to do simple tasks like making a phone call.  I hated using an app, then receiving a phone call, then unable to answer the call because the touchscreen would freeze up or would not recognize my finger presses.  This type of nuisance occurred on every one of the android phones i owned.  Slow down would occur too after several months. I deleted apps, used, froze apps, closed out open apps etc., but nothing would seem to work.Along comes the DNA.....i just want to say this phone is ALMOST perfect.  Some people won't like the size...if you have small hands, stick to iPhone.  I have no problems using this phone or pressing the power button. The screen is NICE.  I watch a lot of Netflix and also watch NFL games using Slingbox...the DNA is perfect for watching video.  Speed....my, my, this thing is FAST.  I thought that it would slow down sooner or later, but no.  I switch through home screens, browse the net, watch videos, all with ease.  No slow down at all...NONE.  The phone has never froze up on me, reset on its own, slow down when a phone call comes in etc.  All the quirks i hated Android for are gone.  Phone quality is clear, and 4GLTE is great and plentiful in my area. Camera is the best one i have used on a phone.  Motorola always had bad cameras.  I love the HTC interface too.  Blur was OK, but Sense is better. The phone is equipped with BEATS, but you can only hear the BEATS sound quality through headphones or speakers.  I have a Monster portable speaker that i connect to through bluetooth and the sound is great.  Now to the flaws.Memory is not expandable on this phone.  This was almost a deal breaker for me, until i checked my old phones and noticed i never used over 16gb worth of memory ever.  I'm a music junkie but never stored a lot of music on my phone.  All my music is saved to Google cloud.  This was the only process i found to be a pain...it took over THREE days for all my music to upload to Google music.  I have high speed internet, still took forever.  Battery life is actually ok.  Remember i came from using the battery king Maxx.  It's not great on the DNA, but it's not bad either.  I use the internet a lot and the phone can get through the day without being on the charger.  Minor nuisance was the charging port flap, but i removed mine. Problem solved.  Not a perfect phone, but near perfect.Good job HTC.

I was trying to decide on which phone to buy, between the Samsung Galaxy and this phone, but i have to say i choose the best one for my taste.The phone has a beautiful display, the audio quality is top, and it works almost everywhere since its not bandwidth locked.I recommend this phone for anyone and everyone who just likes a clear brilliant display, to see every little detail on the pictures you take and awesome HD videos.

I had an HTC incredible 2 before this phone and I really liked it. It had some quirks, but overall I liked how that phone worked for me Until it fell in the toilet. I had to have a replacement quickly. The galaxy s4 wasn't out yet and even though I had read the complaints about this phone, I purchased it. The problems started after a few days. Apps were saying that they were no longer running. Audio apps would stop running if I allowed the screen to go dark. The phone's speed seemed to slow down immensely after several days. I would try to type text messages or search the web and after typing 4-5 letters, I would realize nothing was appearing on the screen. A few seconds later the letters would appear. Seems odd for such a powerful processor to be running that slow. The phone seems to have trouble maintaining it's 4g connection. It freezes for a while and after about a minute, it will switch to 3g. This takes way to long in my opinion. In the last 2 weeks, I am starting to develop the sim card issue as well. The only solution I have found for sluggishness and sim car issue is to restart the phone (closing all apps). Then the phone is good for a few days before a restart is needed again.I have had this phone for almost 3 months and don't recommend it to anyone. My brother recently got the S4 and in the few days I have seen it, the S4 puts this phone to shame. I feel that my incredible 2 was almost as powerful as the DNA, that's how poorly the DNA performs for me.

I had this phone for about 2 weeks and it is a great looking phone. Just about everything you heard about the phone in terms of looks is right. I sometimes feel the phone is just a little too big as it doesn't sit comfortably on your hand and is a little big on your pocket.My problem is that it will rarely if ever connect to Wi-Fi. I didn't pay attention to this at first because I was just excited to have this phone. I am on a fixed data plan with Verizon and using 4G quickly uses my 4GB limit. So it seems that a lot of people have trouble connecting to Wi-Fi and there doesn't seem to be a clear fix, Even Verizon's tech support didn't have an answer and was simply told to return to Amazon. This is un acceptable and I am return this phone , so disappointed. You been warned.

This is a very fast and easy to use phone! Great price and Verizon has a new deal on insurance now too!

I got this as an upgrade from my older Droid Bionic and I am very pleased. The display quality is unmatched; all text on screens is very sharp and easy to read even in small thumbnail pics. The processor is extremely fast and hasn't disappointed me at any time. Battery life is suitable. It's not going to last as long as a Razr Maxx but it lasts me at least a 10-12 hour day with medium usage. I do not regret getting the DNA at all and would recommend it to anyone looking to upgrade. The only slight downside to this phone is not being able to expand the memory, but that isn't a problem unless you use your phone as your music player as well.

Really like the phone. Would have given 5 starts except for SIM card problem. Once I reseated the card, it seems to have solved the problem. Will give it another week before declaring it fixed. Screen and camera earn 5 stars. Only other complaint is the bloatware that Verizon adds and can't easily be removed.

Two years ago I switched from my HTC EVO to an IPHONE, everyone was doing it. The screen was small but other then that I loved it. Two months ago I switched back to android with the HTC DNA. I love the large screen. Android is so far behind the Iphone in ease of use it's a joke.Today I'm getting the Iphone 5 and I'm sure it's going to cost me.

I want to start off with how much I am impressed by Amazone Wireless's customer service. I had a problem recieving my new DROID DNA, as my package had gotten lost in transition. I was so surprised that when I called Amazon Wireless's support line that there was no waiting, no prompts, no robots a real person answers. The person was very nice and fixed my problem with an immediate replacment and overnighted my phone for me. Amazon Wireless is a great website and I will be doing all my phone shopping here from now on.The phone is super sleek, super fast, and the most responcive I have ever had. I love it. The proce and the customer support cannot be beaten. It was 1/2 the price it is at Verizon.com. The screen is a nice bright and not too big, but much nicer viewing area then my old Droid 2.Only downside to the phone is that I cannot change my notification tones to the custom tones I am so used to form my old android phones. Im sure there is an app or an update that will fix this.

I recently upgraded from a Droid 2 Global which was of no good use to me anymore because it was slow, glitchy, stuck on Android 2.3 forever, and needed an extended battery. After some agonizing over whether I should get this or a Samsung Galaxy S III, I chose this phone because I liked the screen better and I've never had an HTC phone until now. (I had a Samsung feature phone once and really disliked it.)Hardware:This phone is big. Really big. I was afraid it wouldn't fit in my sweater pocket. The screen is a whopping 5 inches vs. the Droid 2's 3.7 inches. That's a big difference, obviously. But surprisingly, it fits comfortably in my small hands, as well as my sweater pocket.As for the screen itself, it is really, really pretty. It is 1080p, from what I've heard, and in my experience it is so gorgeous it looks almost fake. It is the "retina display" of the Android world, only far more impressive because of the huge screen size. It's pretty usable outdoors, thanks to its aggressive auto-brightness function. Battery life so far seems to be average. Not fantastic, not terrible.Camera seems to take decent indoor photos, although outdoor ones should be better for obvious reasons. Not a huge deal, as I've never been crazy about phone cameras to begin with. For serious picture taking and video recording I have my Canon ELPH 310. (Update 8/16/13: I've changed my mind about the camera a little bit. I did a video sample and really liked the quality, so I looked at the pictures I took again and actually liked them this time around. Still not a replacement for my Canon, but certainly better than the Droid 2).Finally, speed. This phone is at least ten times faster than the Droid 2, in both network speeds and general performance. It can handle a lot more due to its super powerful internals and 2 gigs of RAM, which is a lot for a smartphone. To put this in perspective, my iMac has 4 gigs of RAM. Wow!Software:Saying that Android 4.1 is a step above 2.3 would be a serious understatement. It is almost like using a totally different OS. Sure, 2.3 wasn't bad by any means, but it is stale now. My Droid 2 could not take screenshots without root, nor could it access Google Play (once known as the Android Market) without background data running, forcing me to use a good amount of my limited data every time I wanted to download or update apps. Not the case anymore; I think this is because the Droid 2 was released before any Wi-Fi-only Android devices existed.On top of Android itself is "HTC Sense," a series of tweaks made to the UI in order to differentiate the device from, say, a Samsung phone or a Motorola. It's actually quite nice. My favorite feature is the ability to create and edit "scenes," which are pre-customized homescreens. My least favorite part is probably the keyboard. I've tried it, and it was not very responsive for some reason. So I downloaded the pure Android 4.1 keyboard from Google Play and find it much easier to use, though it doesn't have enough punctuation on the main layout. I also downloaded a series of other keyboards, including SwiftKey, A.I. Type, and Thumb Keyboard. I'm not sure which one is my favorite, they are all a thousand times better than the stock HTC keyboard.As a phone:Call quality is quite good -- it isn't too far off from what I got from my Droid 2. 4G LTE seems to be very fast, although I keep it turned off most of the time to save battery and data usage.Warning:Just to let others know, this phone has only 16 GB of storage with no option to expand it. This is not an issue for me because I keep most of my music, movies, etc. on my iPod touch (32 GB), but for a lot of people it will be. Only about 11 GB is actually available due to all the Verizon apps that come with it. But you can always hide and/or disable the ones you don't want. Verizon makes it impossible to actually uninstall them.Overall:This is a fantastic phone so far. I absolutely can't stop playing with it. I'm glad I got it over an iPhone 5, and this is coming from a long-time Apple fan. The iPhone 5 is nice, but it had too many issues for me to consider it. Also I love Android too much at this point. My iOS devices will always be iPod touches.

Buying the HTC Droid thru Amazon saved me 50% of what Verizon would have charged.  And when I had a problem with the phone right out of the box, Amazon Fed Ex'ed me a new one within 24 hours (without waiting for me to return the old one).  That is what I call good old fashioned customer service.It is my first smart phone so I can't compare it with other smart phones.  But I've had it for about 4 months now, and frankly I don't know how I got along without one.  And this is from someone who swore to be the LAST person in the world to go to a smart phone.The images on the screen make all my iphone user friends very, very jealous.  The color and resolution are spectacular. I prefer to watch videos on the phone rather than on my computer because the phone loads so much faster!Well, that's about all this non-techy person can comment on.  I leave it to you experts to pass on the intricate details.

I've had the phone 2 months and considered giving it an 4 but could not really find a reason NOT to have this phone except to hold out for the next big thing. It is reliable, very fast, and the battery is very good (not excellent like the Note II, etc.).

i've had this phone for over two months and it is exactly as previous reviews stated it was. If you get a battery saver app it will last you two days on average use. it is an extremely fast phone and the quality on the screen is amazing. it has only froze one time and i quickly reset it and everything was fine. Great phone! only complaint is volume buttons on right side and sliding to unlock gets annoying.

I would recommend this phone to anyone who needs a smartphone. And Verizon Wireless, the two work great for me. No complaint's here, yes I love it !

first review I have ever written for anythingthe verizon backup assistant/cloud does not work for this model, so you can not rely on it for backing up your data. Verizon does not yet have an outlook for when the update will be available.  The bluetooth on the phone is a disaster. It will not auto pair with my 2013 subaru.  Even when forced to pair, its inconsistent at best; sometimes it will pair with no media, other times with no phone.  Even when i get it to pair, it wont stream music for more than 2 minutes at a clip.  And if you have battery concerns, you may want to stay clear.  During a workday, I can get thru with moderate usage,  but on a weekend with high usage....you arent getting through the day.  I'm replacing my incredible, and im having major buyers remorse

I preorder this phone and have had it for about a week. It's fast, full hd display is so awesome, and it wows me every day. The best phone I have ever had. Blows iPhone 5 out of water in my opinion.

I like this phone. Great screen, fast, cool design. I'd really want to keep it. However, there's one thing that absolutely kills me! The highly praised Beats Audio on this device (as on other HTC phones) makes it impossible to listen to your music or online radio, or pretty much anything through an external audio system, like in your car, or on your hi-fi system. If you are connecting it through the headphone phone jack. I tried everything. My car, my computer speakers, my Sony sounds system at home. It sounds extremely distorted! So, be aware, that you can listen to music on this device through headphones only. I'm really disappointed and just don't get WHY they had to incorporate such a stupid feature.

I am really enjoying the new phone.  It is fast.  The camera is great.  Good choice.  I really like there is notification alerts for text messages and emails that are separate.  My last phone had the same alert for both so you would think you had received a text message and it was an email.  Really like that feature.

This is by far the best phone i have seen out there to date. i wouldnt trade this in for anything. Glad i got it.

This phone is awesome!  My wife has such phone envy that she won't stop telling me how her Raxor Maxx sucks.  Not sure if I can wait for another upgrade, she still has 18 mos.  This phone is so powerful you will be able to play apps that your friends can't even dream of.  The new Iron Man 3 app was so taxing on my friends IPOD he had to remove it.  This phone can play anything do anything and you can watch anything in full 1080p without killing your battery.  I've been watching HD video and I like it better than my computer!  Quad core Tegra 3 is aweseome!  Thanks HTC, you did it again!

This is a great phone and it was only 1penny thru Amazon. Glad we took the deal. No regrets. Easy phone to use

I totally agree with the previous review that this is an almost perfect phone. I used iPhone 4 and Galaxy S3, both of them were great phones at their time. Galaxy S3 is still very popular now, but honestly speaking, I cannot go back to use S3 anymore. I have to find a new owner of my S3. The sleek performance and crystal clear screen of DNA totally beats S3.However, there are some drawbacks. Compared to S3, DNA cannot change battery nor has a SD card. Battery is not a big problem since pocket external charger is light and convenient now. Bringing the charger is like carrying an extra battery. The same as the previous reviewer, I only used about 8GB of my S3, so 16GB is enough for me. If I need to make DNA read any data from my S3 SD card, I simply use OTG. Therefore, I would say these two drawbacks can be easily overcome.Last thing I want to say is that many people blame hTC about not having SD card slot. I won't blame this on hTC, but on Verizon. In Japan and Taiwan, hTC butterfly (the international version of DNA) has SD card slot. hTC sense 4+ also has more built in functions in hTC butterfly, like battery saving mode, and the option to remove the annoying 3-dot menu in some apps. However, DNA does not have those functions because it is customized for Verizon. So please stop blaming hTC on SD card.

I got a Ballistic Case to keep it safe from drops. The glass goes all the way to the edges of the phone so something is needed to protect it. It runs super fast. Coming from a HTC Thunderbolt, the battery life is 100% longer. I recharge once a day now. It's screaming fast. I haven't needed to expand my memory at all so the internal memory limit is no issue for me. And with the relatively long battery life, I don't miss my extra back-up batteries at all. Time will tell if I'll regret that as this battery starts to break down. I did put a charger at my desk at work and in my car just in case thought. You can never be too safe.

Got this phone for Christmas and boy am I impressed!  I have always been introduced to the latest and greatest in phone technology and I test them all thoroughly.  I am unbiased in that I review all phones and choose simply the best.  I own apple products and android products.  Both have exceptional software (especially for smart phones) and user interfaces.Here are some things I was looking for when shopping for a new phone:1. It needed to be FUTURE PROOF! I can not stress this enough.  Meaning, most people are stuck with their new phones for two years.  This means that it is imperative to get the best technology so that in two years, your phone is still churning and keeping up with the best.  The Droid DNA has set the benchmark with this.  It is the first phone to produce true 1080p screen quality.  For those of you that are considering the iPhone 5 because of its "Retina Display", it only churns out about 720p (a little less, in fact).  "Retina" is just a made up tech-term by apple (one of the things that is starting to turn me off about apple, but we'll get to more of that later).  This is a big deal for me because I take a lot of photos and videos with my phone.  It is nice to be able to look at my photos with this gorgeous display.  It blows all competition out of the water in this respect.  I won't bore you with more technical specs, because you can easily look those up on the internet.  I have the DNA and my brother has the iPhone 5, side-by-side, the DNA's screen is a sight to behold.  Also, this is by far the fastest phone on the market.  Download speeds are incredible and it wont slow you down for a minute.2. It needed to look good.  Yes, this matters.  Nowadays, people look at each others phones and pass prejudgements based on their phone.  If someone sees me using this baby, they immediately think, "Damn, where can I get me one of those."  I am not just saying this to be funny.  Just yesterday, I got a haircut and my barber saw my phone and asked me all about it.  Wanted to know what it was, how i liked it, was it too big for my pocket, where to get one.  Needless to say, he was enamored with the physical appearance of this phone.  The slim design and red accents on the side make the DNA a very attractive device, one of the coolest looking phones I've ever seen.  This phone is not just for tech-savvy nerds.  Women will easily appreciate the sleek look of this phone, it's truly beautiful; not to mention the intuitive interface and easily customizable home screens- Which brings me to my next point.3. Usability.  Phones these days are getting very complicated and tough to get going out of the box.  This phone fixed that problem by making it easy to use out of the box and customizable to your liking.  For example, on my home screen I have my google calendar with all my appointments (synchs up with my computer so I dont have to set the same appointment twice for all my devices), my Google Now bar which tells me things like how long it will take to get to work with the given traffic, (it even tells me what the subways are like because I live and work in NYC) what the score of the Yankees game was, etc.  I also have the weather, which automatically updates, no opening of apps required, its just there.  I think you get the picture now.  I just open my home screen once in the morning before pouring my coffee, and I already have started my workday.  Its a productivity monster.4. It needs to last me at least the entire day without any mid-day charges.  Some people knock on the battery of this phone.  For lack of a better term, they are idiots.  The battery on this phone easily gets me through the day with moderate-to-heavy usage no problem.  Just to give you an idea:  I am always connected to Wifi if available.  This is 90% of the time.  My home and office.  I start the day with about a 95% battery charge around 6:00am, turn off Wifi to commute to the office, and turn it back on for the day until about 6:00pm.  At this time I will either go home to recharge (myself, not the phone) or meet friends/co-workers for drinks.  When I go out after work, I will get home anywhere between 9:00pm to midnight during the work week.  At this point, I have about a 40-45% charge.  Needless to say, do not worry about the battery.  Its more than enough to not have to worry about.  I use the phone to check sports scores, my emails from two different accounts, twitter, texting, the occasional video clips from youtube or wall street journal, briefly look over presentations for work, you get the idea.  However, I am not a huge phone-gamer, so I can not speak for that.  I am sure it would hold up very well, though.5. I love the big screens.  Personally, I like a lot of real estate with a phone.  It allows me to view webpages more easily without the crammed three-words-per-line type of reading experience.  This is a major plus with the DNA because it has the 5inch screen (and no, it is not a phablet, it is a PHONE), but it is also very slender and light.  It fits into every pocket I have with great ease.  It doesn't need a case because of its solid construction, however, if you want a screen protector, more power to you, just not for me.  This whole one-handed usage is such nonsense to me.  I use this phone with both one or two hands, depends on the situation.  The point is that its all easy and comfortable to use.  For example, I was on the treadmill the other day and had to send a long and detailed work email out.  I composed, proofread and sent the whole thing out while on the treadmill.  I used one hand the entire time and I'm still alive.  Figure that, Jeff Daniels.There are obviously a lot of pros, but I will give you my few cons to round out this review:1. Yes, the unlock button on the top is annoying, however, its only annoying for the first week or so.  After that, like anything in life, your muscle memory comes into play and you don't even notice, it's just unlocked.  The volume rocker is a different beast though.  It blends so nicely into the red grill on the side so its harder to identify.  Also, sometimes when i want to raise the volume, i am instead decreasing it.  It's annoying at times, but oh well, it's the stupid volume button.2. Some point out that the charging port, which has a little door, is a con.  I think it is neither.  You deal with it twice a day, once to open it and once to close it.  it is just simply there.  I think it actually adds to the aesthetic, in addition to, protecting the port from dust and other things.3. Only 16gb of internal memory.  While it is not very much, just use the cloud.  Backup Assistant Plus can store all your photos for no extra charge, thus saving all that space for whatever the hell else you want on your phone.Anyways, that's about it.  Can not think of anything else at the moment.  Bottom line: Get this sucker, you will not regret it.  You'll find yourself just using it to use it, its fun to have cool technology.

I won't get into a lot of specifics regarding all the stats because several reviewers have already done that.  I will, however, explain why I think that if you're on the fence and you don't live in the middle of nowhere this might be the phone for you.  With that out of the way...Rarely would I start a phone review by discussing how it 'looks', but this phone is an exception.  All of my friends who have played with my phone (including iPhone, Galaxy S3 and other assorted users) have all commented how nice the phone looks.  with the screen going all the way to the edge of the phone you end up with a completely smooth surface and no 'lip' that accompanies most phones.  It makes the phone feel a notch or two above the quality of the other phones out there.  It also makes it easier to clean the screen and not leave any dirty corners...as there aren't any.The next thing...and perhaps the biggest thing for me....is the camera.  While the Galaxy S4 will have a 13mp camera and this only has an 8mp camera, it's more than adequate.  Previous to this phone I had an HTC Droid Incredible 2....this phone, despite having the same mp camera...runs circles around the DI2 with the pictures it takes.  The flash has been improved, but perhaps the biggest addition is the ability to take up to 99 pictures at once with one button push.  Having a 5 month old and trying to get the best pictures (ie when he's smiling, etc) has always been a hassle.  Now, with the ability to snap multiple pictures at once, that is no longer the case.  Snap several pictures at once and you're sure to get that perfect picture.I have read some reviews both here and elsewhere that the bluetooth can sound hollow, etc.  Perhaps I've had great luck, or perhaps those reviewers have had bad luck, but my bluetooth sounds great on both ends.  It paired up instantly with the 'sync' in or 2011 Ford Fusion.  Also, on the note of call quality, the speaker phone is excellent.  With my DI2 most of my friends knew when they were on speaker phone, but with this phone nobody has ever mentioned it.  In fact it took me telling me wife that she was on speaker phone for her to know.As for a couple of the 'negatives' regarding this phone....storage space and battery life, well yeah, they can be an issue for some I suppose.  However, unless you've never owned a phone with a micro USB charging port and unless you live in the middle of nowhere neither of these should be an issue for most.Having owned two previous droids with a micro USB connection I have more than enough chargers to cover me should my battery run low.  I should admit that I use this phone HEAVILY and I can still get 10-14 hours of use out of it per day, without putting it on a charger, but it's nice to have extra chargers where I spend my time should I need to boost up the battery.Some might panic at only having 16G of storage space...with only about 11G of that being useful due to the OS...but again, unless you live in the middle of nowhere this shouldn't be an issue.  There are several cloud based storage systems out there that you can upload your music, video, photos, etc to so that you can keep your memory free on the phone.  I use Amazon's cloud for my music and photobucket (yeah, old school) for my pictures and videos, etc.  If you're in a town of any size there is wifi everywhere so streaming music and videos shouldn't be an issue in regards to data usage.  And even if you're in an area with no wifi for a bit the phone's blazing fast data speeds will make using the cloud pain free.  I ran a speed test immediately prior to starting this review (around 2:30pm) and got 17mbs download and 5.9mbs upload on Verizon's 4G LTE network.  This is going to meet (if not exceed) most users needs in regards to upload/download speeds in regards to the cloud.In closing, while this phone does have a couple shortcomings (what phone doesn't), the shortcomings are thankfully in areas that most people will be able to navigate simply with an extra charger or two and cloud based storage.  And with all the positives this phone offers the positives FAR outweigh the negatives.  This is, quite simply, the best phone I've ever owned.

HTC is one of the leaders when it comes to fit and finish and the DROID DNA is no exception. The One X was already one of the most superior phones in terms of quality, but somehow they were able to step it up. It has a similar polycarbonate back, but it sports more of a soft rubbery touch. The one downside is that it's a fingerprint and smudge magnet. It's almost impossible to keep it smudge free, but hey, who plans on staring at the back of their phone all day? The rubberized feel is non slippery and gives you a fantastic grip.It's not the thinnest phone in the world because at the highest point it's 9.73mm, but it still feels pretty thin because of the rounded back. The edges are only 4mm thick, but it expands to the center where it hits 9.73mm. It kind of feels like a Hershey's candy bar. That's not a bad thing because when you hold the phone, you place your fingers at the sides which is the thinnest part, while the thickest part rests in your palm and fits perfectly. I know it's a cliche, but it really does feel great in the hand considering it has a whopping 5-inch display. The Samsung Galaxy Note II sports a 5.5-inch display, but is so much bigger when comparing the two. When comparing it to the One X, it's about the same width, but it"s a little taller. My hands are on the smaller side and I had no issues with the size whatsoever. I'm starting to wonder if 5-inches is the new sweet spot.DESIGN:What really makes the DROID DNA a thing of beauty is the Lamborghini-inspired aluminum red grill that you will find along the right and left sides. Most manufacturers would have gone with the color silver, but HTC has used red a lot in the past, and it makes the perfect accent on a black phone. You will also find a similar red accent around the 8MP rear camera lens. Overall, the DROID DNA has an EVO type of look, but more polished.As with most HTC phones, you will find the power button at the top, but this time it sits in the middle. To the left of it is the microphone jack and the SIM slot is to it's right. Along the right side towards the top you will find the volume rocker that sports the same red color as the aluminum red grill. The microUSB port is usually found on the left side on HTC phones, but they finally decided to move it to the bottom, which is the better place. Unfortunately they put a cover on it, which is a little annoying. It's kind of a pain to put back in place, but I guess if you're going to include it, you might as well make it a tight fit. They decided to include the cover because the phone is splash resistant.Another nice addition is the notification light on the back to the left of the camera lens. It serves two purposes. It lights up for your notifications, but is also lights up when taking a picture.You won't find a microSD slot for expanding storage, which is a downer for some folks. You get 16GB of storage, which is more than enough for the average user. The other negative is that it's a unibody design, so you won't be able to remove the battery. This could be a deal breaker for some, but more on that later.In terms of fit and finish, you won't find a better phone than the DROID DNA. The only other phones that are in the same ballpark is the DROID RAZR HD / RAZR MAXX HD and the iPhone 5.HARDWARE:If you're going to make a high quality phone, you need to back it up with hardware, and HTC did just that. It packs a 5-inch (1920 x 1080) Super LCD 3 display at 440ppi, a 1.5GHz quad-core Snapdragon S4 Pro CPU, 2GB of RAM, an 8MP rear camera with ImageSense, 2.1MP front facing camera with an 88 degree wide angle lens, 16GB of internal storage, 2020mAh battery, NFC, 4G LTE with worldwide GSM capability, and Beats Audio.PERFORMANCE:I already had a chance to try out the Snapdragon S4 Pro on the LG Optimus G so I already had a good idea what to expect. I am happy to report that Sense 4+ doesn't in any way degrade the performance of the quad-core. Coupled with Android 4.1 Jelly Bean, it's blazing fast. It seriously shreds anything you want to throw at it. I know many of you are benchmark fans so I did the obligatory AnTuTu which came in at 14,544. That's considerably higher than the Optimus G's 11.213. Seriously, I'm not sure who can tell the difference, but if you crave power, the DROID DNA will satisfy everything you desire.DISPLAY:HTC already had the finest display ever with the One X so what could they possibly do for an encore? The One X sported a Super LCD 2 display at 720p, and the DROID DNA is now a Super LCD 3 at 1080p. It sports 440ppi which is higher than your TV. Some may say it's overkill for a phone, but that's nonsense. It truly is breathtaking as the colors are vibrant, blacks are deep, and everything just pops out at you. As you would expect, the viewing angles are amazing and it performs very well in sunlight. Now if you're familiar with the One X, you will probably find this display to be only marginally better, but it's still an improvement. So to recap: HTC now has the two best displays ever on a smartphone. Not bad at all.SPEAKERS:As with all the latest HTC phones, the audio is enhanced with Beats. On top of that, HTC included two amplifiers in the phone. The microphone jack gets its own dedicated 2.55 volt amplifier and the other pushes the rear speaker. This helps minimize distortion at higher volumes. I think HTC is a little underrated when it comes to sound quality. The Beats partnership has always been considered a "marketing" gimmick, but I would rather have it on my phone than not.BATTERY:No matter how amazing a phone is, there always seems to be something holding it from being perfect, and the battery just might be the DNA's Achilles heel. I knew going into this review that it was the key, so I spent a considerable amount of time analyzing it. A 1080p screen is going to take its toll on any battery, and a 2020mAh battery is average based on today's standards. HTC reps seemed confident that the Snapdragon S4 Pro is efficient enough to make it work. Unfortunately it's not the case, but it's not complete doom and gloom. It's not like it's as bad as the Verizon Galaxy Nexus, but there are a number of phones that are better. My main test is to run continuous video while connected to 4G LTE, while the display is set at 2/3 brightness, GPS on, WiFi on (not connected), and Bluetooth on (not connected). It yielded 6 hours and 11 minutes. In comparing it to some of the latest phones that I did the same test on, it didn't fare too well:Motorola ATRIX HD - 4 hours 45 min (this was really bad)Sony Xperia Ion - 6 hoursDROID DNA - 6 hours 11 minutesAT&T; HTC One X - 7 hoursSprint LG Optimus G - 7 hours 30 minDROID Incredible 4G LTE - 7 hours 45 minDROID RAZR M - 8 hoursAT&T; LG Optimus G - 8 hoursSamsung Galaxy Note II - 9 hours 30 minDROID RAZR HD - About 10 hoursDROID RAZR MAXX HD - 13 hours 30 minSo what does this mean in terms of daily use? With moderate use, you should get about double the times you get in the rundown tests and sometimes more than that with the better performing phones. I was able to get 13 hours while connected to 4G LTE full time, which isn't great, but after living with the Verizon Galaxy Nexus for the past year, it's an improvement. I also tried it while connected to WiFi 90% of the time, and I was able to get a little over 14 hours with about 15% to spare. I then let it sit idle without turning on the display for about 6 hours and it had 4% left. So yes, it made it to 20 hours, which isn't bad, but 6 hours of it was idle time.Now obviously the display is the biggest culprit here, and all of my tests are done at 2/3 brightness. Some may consider that high, but I like to run tests that are at a level that people would like to see their phone set at with the option of scaling it back. I'm going to see how things go with the display at around 40% brightness and update my results.Update 1: I'm now getting about 17 hours of life while connected to 4G LTE full time with the display at about 50%. This is with moderate usage and is an improvement over what I got during the review process. It's always been assumed that batteries get better after a few charges, and I have never found this to be the case with most phones. With this particular phone, it really has made a difference. It might have something to do with the Snapdragon S4 Pro, but either way, it's nice to see an improvement.The bottom line is that the battery is certainly not the main selling point of the DROID DNA, but depending on your situation, it's not too bad if you are able to charge it regularly. For example, I always have a charger in my car and the plus side is this phone is compatible with Qi wireless chargers. There will be an accessory available, but it's also compatible with other 3rd party pads. While in the office, you can conveniently give it a little extra juice. Unfortunately, if you're a hardcore traveler, this phone might not be for you since you won't be able to swap batteries. If there is one thing I am disappointed in with the DNA, it's the battery, but based on my lifestyle, it's not a deal breaker for me.SOFTWARE:The DROID DNA features the latest version of Sense, which is 4+ on top of Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean. It's not the latest version of Android, but it should satisfy most people. Sense 4+ hasn't changed all that much from what we saw on the One X and One S, but there are some differences. Navigating between home screens now has the circular carousel that was found in Sense 3, but thankfully it doesn't have the 100 mph spinning animation. The biggest improvement is the keyboard. I hated the Sense keyboard, and now it's more like the keyboards you see on other Android phones. The big change is the numbers/symbol key is to the bottom left instead of the bottom right, which makes a big difference. Other changes are more subtle like more refined fonts and icons, along with some changes to the camera app. Of course you will also get the newer stock Android features like Google Now, expanded notifications, and easier widget placement on home screens. Sense isn't something I desire on a phone, but it's livable when you consider what this phone offers.As far as running certain apps, such as games, you could run into a problem with the display and compatibility. Brad Molen from Engadget found issues with Need For Speed: Most Wanted and Angry Birds. This is probably due to the display ratio and some games not supporting it. It's probably a temporary issue since more and more phones will be released with similar displays in the near future. As with many of the newer phones, it's expected that a few apps might need to be updated.As far as bloatware goes, you will find your usual suspects, but they also included a new Amazon app suite. It's similar to the Nexus 7 media widget that shows your recent purchases of books, magazines, and videos. If you are hooked into Amazon, you might appreciate it, otherwise it's just one more annoying carrier add on.CAMERA:In my opinion, the One X has the best camera in a smartphone, so I was expecting the same with the DNA. It has the same F/2.0 aperture lens along with ImageSense. I found the pictures to be as good, but no better than the One X. There is at least one improvement with the DNA that I don't believe the One X has, and that's the flash. There are now five levels of brightness for the flash depending on the surroundings. You will also find some differences in the app itself. Some of the menus look a little different, but nothing too drastic. You can change settings for ISO, white balance, shutter, etc., but you can't save them.CLOSING:I consider myself lucky that I get to review a lot of different phones, but on the flip side, it can be a little boring since there are so many. Only a few phones really excite me, and I have to say that HTC really excelled this year. Looking back at 2012, I would say I thoroughly enjoyed reviewing the One X and the DROID DNA over any other phone. With that said, is the DROID DNA the ultimate DROID? HTC delivers in just about every category: build quality, display, power, and the camera. Notice how I said "just about"? For me, the battery is the only issue. If it could have had either the DROID RAZR HD or DROID RAZR HD MAXX battery, it would truly be complete, but nowadays it seems as though there is always going to be something missing. For some of you, the lack of a microSD slot is enough to not call this the ultimate DROID, but 16GB is plenty for the average person. Since I am just about 100% in the cloud, it's plenty for me. As I mentioned earlier, the battery isn't a deal breaker for me based on my lifestyle, but because of it, I can't call it the ultimate DROID or even the ultimate smartphone for that matter. What I can say about the DROID DNA is the same as what I said about the One X when I reviewed it: "This is the best Android phone hands down." So it's not the ultimate, but it's oh so close, and I will highly recommend it to anyone that tells me they have $200 to spend on their next smartphone.

Previously I had a Motorola Droid X 3g, which I upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy S3 (Worse phone I ever owned). The HTC DNA is the BEST android I have had thus far.PROS-I like my power button on top to each his own.-Love the physical volume buttons-Verizon 4G is amazingly fast on the DNA, I used it as a mobile Hotspot in Vegas no connection issues and speed was great even with multiple users.-The screen is INCREDIBLE!! I run Netflix streaming over 4G In Full HD and the 1920x1080 screen is brilliant.-Speed everything you click on is fast, unlike older droids I have had there is no lag.CONS--Battery Replacement I wish it was removeable-No Expandable memory-Lacks Adobe Flash so far I havent encountered any issues with thisThe memory I do not need currently and I can live without it but I can see if your trying to carry a ton of stuff around with you where it would come in handy.Overall - To me this is the best Android phone ever made and far exceeds the Samsung Galaxy or IPhone. I love it.

The droid that made me want to get back from the "dark side" (owned 3 iPhones before).  Was hoping that iPhone 5 would inspire me, but alas, the screen was too small, the phone felt the same as the ones I had before, in general, I was bored with iPhone and iOS.  HTC Droid DNA worked best for me.  Obviously it has amazing screen, great camera, and sound system.  Love customizing the phone - changing launchers, themes etc.  Storage was not an issue for me, as the cloud takes care of it more and more, and 16Gb is more than enough for my music/videos because I like to rotate it often.My main concerns were phone size (too big), battery (non removable), and learning a phone system other than iOS that I used before.  After half a week of using this phone I'm happy to report none of them are relevant.  The phone is very comfortable to hold, most of the time I can use it with one hand - and I do have much smaller hands than, say, my husband.  The battery life is comparable to my iPhone, and as for Android OS, there was no learning curve, it's very intuitive and surprisingly user friendly.  No glitches, random restarts - things that supposedly plague Android OS, - extremely stable, fast system.Apps variety - after downloading all kinds of apps on my iPhones throughout the years, I came to realize that I'm actually using a handful of them on a daily basis, and all of them (and more) were available for my HTC Droid DNA.The switch was much easier than I thought, I am very happy with this phone, can't name anything that I dislike about it.  Apple still makes a great phone, but if you are bored with it, definitely consider HTC Droid DNA.*** Update from husband and an Android user ***HTC DNA is the best overall Android phone out right now in my opinion, certainly on Verizon. Samsung Galaxy S3 comes the closest in terms of competition, but has issues with reception (based on users' consensus) on VZW which results in sub-par battery life. The screen on S3 is also not as good as the screen on the DNA. HTC DNA, however, has very strong reception (able to keep 4G and connection in general even in weak signal areas) and remarkable battery life despite industry-leading specs. And it puts those specs to good use too: the phone is a pleasure to use. It's dependable, smooth, fast and very stable. The camera is excellent as well.Quick note: it is important, in my opinion, to promptly disable all the bloat, especially apps produced by Verizon. Those Verizon apps tend to run automatically, are typically poorly written, almost always useless, and tend to cause problems, such as unnecessary battery drain.Although overall HTC DNA is, in my opinion, the best phone out now, it does not best the competition in each and every area. Here are a few areas that, if important to you, may lead you to pick a different device (in the order of importance):1. Storage space. The DNA only comes with 16gb of storage (11gb usable). This is low by Android standards. My old HTC Thunderbolt, for example, had over 40gb. This meant I could not move all my music to the DNA when I upgraded. This issue is not easy to remedy. You may have to either stream your media or get external storage. Streaming uses your data plan, battery, and is not always available. External storage (connected through WiFi) is somewhat cumbersome to use right now and requires carrying an additional device. Many competing phones offer more storage, notably Galaxy S3.2. Battery life. The battery life is very good. It is the same or better than the major competitors, such as the iPhone and Galaxy S3. However, there are phones out there (Razr Maxx and Samsung Note 2) with huge batteries that can last much longer on one charge. If you require a huge battery on a daily basis, the DNA may not be for you. You can, however, get an external battery with the DNA if you need large battery capacity only occasionally. Unlike external storage, external batteries are actually cheap, convenient, and easy to use.3. Screen. The screen on the DNA is extremely sharp and currently offers the highest resolution of all mobile phones (at least as far as I know.) This high resolution, however, breaks some games, including the popular Angry Birds Star Wars. Most games work fine, however. Developers may update their games to work with this high resolution, but some will never get updated, and others will take time. If playing certain games is important to you, you may have to pick a different phone.

So I am gadget obsessed, or at least that's what my wife says, and for my money, this phone is hands down the best on the market. My wife has galaxy s3 and my father an iphone5. Both great phones, this one is better. I did plenty of research, although I pretty much keep up on the latest with phones anyway, and it was between this and the Note 2. For starters, the note 2 was $150 more than what I paid for this. This phone at $149.99 is absolutely amazing! IF it was the most expensive phone on the market it would still be worth it. Here is a list of the reasons is so great.- The SCREEN IS TO DIE FOR!!!! I honestly didn't know how much I would love this screen. It's so good. It is a true game changer compared to any other screen. Even compared to the iphone 5 or gs3 it just looks so good. (I would note that I have very good vision, it is possible that if you had bad eyes this might not be as big a plus for your.)- Fast. Its fast. Its really fast. I assume most current quad core pocket super computers are fast. This one is no different.- Camera is very good. Took a little learning to figure out which settings are the best but its a very good cell phone camera.- HTC Sense, while not as good as the pure google on the nexus, is the best of the bloatware versions out there.- Value. At $150 it is a crazy good value.- The screen. Did I mention 5" 1080P, 440ppi?- Battery life. This was one of my main concerns as it is not removable. I am still a little worried about the life a year from now but currently it is very very good. I am heavy user and it ALWAYS last me all day. With heavy use I have gotten all the way through one day, that night, and through the next work day and it was about dead by the time I got home around 6pm. That's impressive. I know the stats on it aren't as impressive as the 3100mH Note 2 but I can tell you it works well.- Size. Its big. Its not weirdly, phablety big. The Note 2 is great, but its big, and its pricey, and its screen is inferior. The size on this one is just right for someone with good sized hands.Overall. Buy this phone. This is the best phone out now, and it will be a very strong phone for a number of years. I typically end up changing about every 8-12 months to keep up with technology but I just can't imagine what is gonna come out in the next year that would make me need to change. I love that feeling.

Before you buy this phone, do a google search on "Droid DNA No Sim" and you will find hundreds of forum posts from people like me who bought this phone only to have to reboot it three times a day or more because it gets a "No Sim Card Found" error. Reseating the SIM doesn't fix it, only rebooting.No matter how good the phone is, if I'm going to have to get dozens of voicemails a day because people can't reach me due to a "No SIM found" error, the phone is useless.

This is the best phone on the market right now!Gorgeous 1080p display, 1.5 GHZ Quad Core Processor.Beats Audio sound!!!AMAZINGPros:Display,performance,sound,beautiful thin design.Cons:For me ;NONE!Overall Impressions:Amazing phone,i recommend it to everyone:)

Hardware: 5/5You will not find a better phone on the market as of right now, period. First of its class 1080p LCD3 screen is so crisp and clear you wouldn't believe it until you see it. Coming from the Galaxy Nexus (720p) I really didn't think it could possibly get much better, but comparing the two is like night and day! Very impressed! Match that up with the latest quad-core processor and 2gb of RAM and you really have one of the fastest phones any carier has to offer.Software: 5/5Runs Android 4.1.1 (Jellybean) right out of the box! Which is amazing because if you know anything about HTC and how they update their phones, then you will be glad you have Jellybean because odds are you will not be seeing any other Android OS upgrades for quite some time... if ever... Some people really don't like HTC's Sense skin but I personally think it adds a very nice looking touch to android. I had the Galaxy Nexus and vanilla android always kind of left me with something more to desire.Features: 5/5Here is where just about everyone will differ on this phone, no SD expansion and only a 2020mAh battery. If you're anything like me, then you will never play games on your phone and you don't have much interest in using your phone as a media consumption device (i.e. Movies, Games, Music) For that, I have an iPod and a laptop. With 16gb of storage (about 11gb partitioned) you have plenty of space to hold all of your pictures. As for the battery, well I guess it really all depends on what you're coming from in your last phone. For me it was the Galaxy Nexus and let me say this phones battery blows me away with how long it lasts. Full day of fairly heavy usage (streaming Pandora to and from class, Facebook, Gmail, texting) and by the end of the night I'm still hanging around 25-30%. With my Nexus I was reaching for the charger around lunchtime... of course if your last phone was the RZR Maxx then yes, you may be disappointed, but for most I think you'll be pleased.Camera: 5/5Blows me away, it's really incredible! Again it all depends on what you're converting from, if it was a previous iPhone 4/4S/5 then you might think its on par or even slightly less, but I am very impressed at the clarity. Still wouldn't depend on it to document an epic hiking adventure, it is after all still a cell phone camera. For quick shots though it is excellent.Overall: 5/5My perfect phone and worth the upgrade! In fact I didn't want to loose my unlimited data so I ended up paying full retail for the phone (599) and it was still worth it! But this phone, you will not regret it.

A lot of reviews have already been written so I won't repeat everything but here are all the positives...BATTERY: I make it every day without charging at all during the day from roughly 6am to roughly 11pm. When I get home from work I typically have 40-60% left. By bed time, I'm around 20%.WIRELESS CHARGING: Works great on the Nokia DT-900 through either the Otterbox Commuter case that I had briefly or the Diztronic case that I now have.FEEL/BUILD QUALITY: I've never owned or held a device that felt better built. I worry that the soft touch covering could wear over time but I now have it in an awesome Distronic case no worries there for me.SPEED: Fast as fast can be.NETWORK: This is my first time on Verizon in a while. The shared data plan made it financially feasible for the first time. I'm loving the coverage and the speed of 4G. My phone network is faster than my home network.SCREEN: I'm not as big on this as some folks are. Anything over 300dpi seems like a waste to me. That said, it is crisp, bright, and neutral color-wise.SIZE: Perfect! The Note II felt too big. This feels no wider than my Evo.OK, now for my one significant and one minor complaint...NO MENU BUTTON: I had the HTC Evo 4G LTE on Sprint (aka OneX). It had the same button configuration which is now the recommendation from Google. That is: back, home, and recent-apps. NO Menu button. On the Evo, though, there was an option to reprogram the recent-apps button to be a menu button and have long-press on that button pull up the recent-apps. The DNA is missing this option, which means that for Apps that don't provide their own in-app menu button, Android automatically adds an ugly 1cm high band all the way across the bottom of the phone (right above the existing buttons). It removes real estate from the app and it looks ugly. Most apps that I use (include Google's own) have an in-app menu button now according to Google design recommendations. But a few do not. I've even heard a few app developers say that are never going to comply with Google's recommendation. Samsung already made the choice to violate Google's recommendations because their latest phones have a menu button instead of a recent-apps button. The fact that Samsung has so much market share means that app developers are less motivated to comply and add in-app menu buttons. From what I understand, HTC wanted to add the ability to switch the button like they did on their OneX line, but Verizon said "no".VERIZON, PLEASE ALLOW HTC TO ENABLE THE OPTION TO RE-PROGRAM THE RECENT-APPS BUTTON TO BE A MENU BUTTON.  If you do, I'll improve my rating to 5 stars.The only other minor nit I have is around Beats Audio. I listen to audio books where the Beats adjustments actually hurt the listening experience. I have it turned off but there is no way that I know of to hide the notification that comes up every time I hit play. My Evo had a way to do this (Settings->Apps->All->HtcBeatsNotify->Disable). Can you please give me that ability on the DNA.

This is my 2nd review and I dislike this phone more than my previous review a few months ago. I have had this phone since April 1st and it has slowly performed worse as the days go bye. I now have sim card errors every other day, if not sooner. I think it has something to do with the phone's reception/antenna. When this happens, the phone always says I have no network data connection. Never had this problem with any other phone. The 4g connection is good about half the time. The other half, you don't know what is going on and the phone takes forever to switch to 3g or lower. You can use the phone one minute and the next the sim card error appears. Last night I was no more than 200 yds in clear view of a cell tower, and the phone would not work. Then sim card error appears and no data connection. Every time this happens, I have to restart the phone and then, magically, nothing out of the ordinary.Battery life is about 4 hrs of continuous use. The processor can be really slow. Again, there seems to be no reason when this occurs, it just does. My 3g HTC operated faster than this one now does.There's no real help for this phone and it was out of date when I bought it, 4 months after its release. I would not recommend this phone even for free!! Go with some other brand. I used to love HTC, but now I don't think I will buy another.

This phone is great. The screen is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. The size is perfect. It is a phone....not a phablet. The processor is out of this world. Incredibly snapping all around. The battery life is better than anyone could ask for. The combination of batter and processor do enough to get you through more than the day with normal use. The only negative is the storage. After the preloaded crap you have about 11 gb. This is plenty for standard apps and daily use. You can still fit photos/music on it but without being able to extend it you will need to monitor your use. Outside of that you will not find a more powerful and  beautiful device.I will happily tote this around until my next upgrade.(Was a bit sad losing unlimited data....but didn't really need it anyway.)

Works perfectly and I got a great priceLarge size is very manageableAll the features of the latest models

Overall I love this phone! Screen resolution is phenomenal, is super fast downloading apps, docs etc. Browsing the internet is so easy that it is ridiculous. Camera is good even though I would like to have some of the features of the HTC One. Battery life is decent. It gets me thru the day and I use it a lot as far as texting, social media, reading books, internet browsing, games etc. Overall I'm very happy with my phone!

I've had this phone for a few months now.  I'm very happy with my purchase.  I'm surprised it hasn't gotten more attention compared to the other phones out there (e.g. samsung galaxy, iphone 5).  I got my wife and iphone 5 and I think this phone blows it away!Pros:- Size.  It has a nice big screen (one of the main reasons I got it), but its surprisingly light, fits in my pants pocket, and is not too big to hold up as a phone to talk.- Great screen.  Nice large screen with nice colors and good contrast.- Plays smooth, sharp video.- Excellent call quality, whether it be from the handset or using the speaker.  No problem with dropped calls or bad call quality.- Fast 4G.  Where I live (Orange County, CA), Verizon 4G coverage is excellent.  Pages load fast.- Excellent Wifi.  Wifi is fast, and never drops while in my house.  My daughter's iphone 4s's drop the wifi signal every so often in the same house!- Android OS.  It comes with jelly bean.  The android os has come a long way and I must say is now equal to or even superior to IOS.  I have not had any problems with any of the features of this phone which speaks to the quality of the phone and the OS. I've also found features built into this phone that is not available natively to the iphone 5.Would've been nice if these were better:- Battery life is acceptable.  I use the phone throughout the day (email, fb, gps, calls, scramble, yahoo finance, sports scores, yelp, etc.), and the battery usually lasts till when I come home.- Video/still camera is pretty good for a phone.  Low light performance of the still camera leaves a bit to be desired though.- The flap that covers the usb port is a minor pain.Overall, love the phone.  Would've given it 5 stars if the battery life were better, or if the camera was superb!

Excellent performance, beautiful screen.  Until you drop it.  I dropped it ONCE from 2 feet after about 2 months.  Shattered screen.  The "feature" of having the glass go all the way to the edge means that if you drop it and it lands on any portion of the edge, it will shatter.  It's $220 to fix, and two calls to HTC landed two separate representatives encouraging me to go elsewhere to get it fixed to save money and time!  Their time to turn around the phone is TEN DAYS!  There must be a huge demand, which means there must be a lot of people shelling out $220 to fix them.  The other problem with the design is since it's such a large phone I can't imagine putting a protective case around it and being able to fit it in my pocket (front or shirt - and my pants/shirts are larger than most as I'm 6' 2").  Time for another phone.

I have owned this phone for over a month and all I can say is I love it.  The picture quality is great, the size of the screen is great and it is very easy to use. I upgraded from HTC incredible 2 and thought at first the size was too big but in less than a day, I don't know how I used the smaller phone. The call quality is good, the Bluetooth is ok, could be better. The 4g is super fast and watching videos is good.  All I can say is I'm very satisfied with the phone.

I've had my DNA for about a week now, and it's easily the best phone I've ever had. I use an iPhone 4s for work, and I like my DNA much more than the iPhone. The screen is huge but the phone itself easily fits into pockets (maybe not in girls pants).Now, most of the other high star reviews here give great descriptions of all the things this phone does right, but the thing I see more than anything is complaining about the battery life and lack of extended battery ability. I'm a light to moderate phone user - not a lot of call time, but I probably watch 5-10 videos a day and am on Twitter all the time. I also play games a couple times a day, and receive around 30 emails per day. Doing that for two days and I literally just got a 15% battery warning. Two full days with no charge.Granted, I use a task killer and turn off  WiFi - but I wanted to let casual phone users know all this jabber about battery life only comes into play if you use your phone all day, every day.

As far as features and usability , this phone is much better than my previous I-phone . I always avoided texting and browsing internet until I bought this phone .I also put music on it by transferring from my PC .Great feature :  If you want to change your ringtone , you simply touch the screen and the song you are playing becomes your new ringtone .  The bad: The quality of both the blue tooth audio and standard voice seems  worse than any phone I've owned .

Call quality is good, sound is good, and size & picture quality are a HUGE upgrade over my Droid X.  The battery lasts about 24 hours.  I thought it would last a little longer but it doesn't have a problem making it through the day for a night charge.  It's pretty fast too.  I'd give it five stars if the battery lasted a little longer but overall I'm happy with my purchase.

Once we realized the battery on this phone is really good then it makes it overall best on the market. Screen unmatched. Excellent camera. Excellent as a phone, connection & sound. Wireless charging very convenient. Am amused by any negative reviews on here, must be trolling. This phone excites me, such awesome quality!

I love HTCs, even though that is all I've ever had in a smart phone, but I've tried a few others and this is the brand for me.  I know what I like and I stick with it.  So, the Droid Incredible was my first, Incredible 2 my second and. now, after patiently researching phones and waiting for the Amazon Wirelesses penny deal with a two-year Verizon contract, I have finally upgraded to a 4G. This is the phone I've been watching since last winter and it has met all my expectations.  Fast, beautiful, easy to handle and easy to see everything I like doing on my phone; games, reading, messaging videos and social networking, all on an exciting 5 inch high def screen.  The camera is simply an improvement over an already great HTC camera.  I think all this has already been said.  I would just add that I have always been impressed with HTC builds and quality and this phone has it all.  I agree with other reviewers regarding the average speaker sound quality and the limited space, but everything else makes up for it.  I just plug in my earphones for awesome Beats audio and delete files when I need more space.  So far, it has accommodated my huge music collection, all the games I want and I have cloud storage accounts for my photos.  I really don't think space will be a problem for me.  I just hope the battery lasts as long as I need it to since it is not replaceable and I hope to have this phone for a long time.  I highly recommend this phone and can add a recommendation to check out the penny deal with a Verizon contract.  I have had nothing but great service and experiences with this deal since my first HTC.

Look and feel are great. No issues setting up (thank you, Google). The alarm issue that people have been reporting (random phone ringing) is due to data roaming. There is a setting to allow a data roaming alarm to sound if you are roaming. Turn that off and you won't deal with the phone ringing issue.The screen size is awesome... picture is great.

I LIKE THE PHONE, STILL GETTING USED TO THE SIZE OF THE PHONE.  i LITTLE ACKWARD HOLDING THE PHONE AND OPERATING.

awsome product overall.top of the line specs at a great bargain.small minor annoyances (charging port flap cover, absence of menu button, no access to battery and sd memory, inability to shut off notifications without shutting off ring volume...)  but the pros more than outweighs the cons.not many accessories are available for the phone though i guess due to lack of populairty despite its winning features.if anybody is in the market for a smart phone, this phone deserves a 2nd look.

I think this phone is going to be a top of line HTC device that really gives Samsung and Apple an honest run. My only problem is that unless I want to pay $600 for an off contract device, there's no way I'm willing to risk losing my unlimited data plan with Verizon by buying a subsidized phone.With this beautiful screen and 4G LTE, it will tear through GB at a feverish rate. Which will end up detonating my phone bill.So, alas, I'm stuck with my Rezound and when that dies...it's back to my Blackberry Tour.Woe.is.me.

While all the features are a major improvement over most high end Droids, it is repeating the same mistakes as Apple, no external flash card, and the thing that makes it more of a Droid, the mini HDMI slot, why go through all of the time and expense to make a great phone, just to turn around leave out minor but important features, FAIL.

Rather than covering things that professionals can cover better, I'm going to treat this review as a user supplemental to the likes of Slashgear, Engadget, Gizmodo, etc.Battery - let's get this one out of the way. The battery is fine. My previous device was a Galaxy Nexus on Verizon 4G LTE with the 2100mah battery. The DNA easily matches - if not beats - it. I don't foresee any problems getting through my average day with the built-in battery. The sleekness and solidity more than make up for the fear of not being able to swap the battery. I use the wireless charging and may buy a second for the office - just in case.Physical - The flap over the micro-USB is a must for me. With wireless charging it makes no sense to leave a port exposed. Good job, HTC. The power button at the top is probably the worst part of the phone. It is a real stretch to get to it. I have regular hands and find one-handing it to be easy. However, the center of gravity is a little higher up in the phone than I would have guessed. Be careful to learn the grips before juggling it out of your pocket in a rush to answer a call.Sense - Going from a Google-Nexus to a carrier edition is actually okay. Sense looks nice and performs great. HTC has a track-record of being speedy with updates. Also, Google have done a brilliant thing by updating individual apps via the Play store. I'm happy with the trade-off. Not a big deal. The bloatware is tolerable. Again, Google have made a great decision in ICS+, allowing users to disable annoying apps.Storage - 16Gb isn't a compromise in the cloud era. With WiFi everywhere and 4G everywhere else, more content is easy to get. True, I cannot hold the entire LOTR movie trilogy in HD on my phone at once - but, I think that's okay for 99.9% of users.Screen - Simply amazing. The reviewers who say that it is not a big upgrade are selling the phone short. Both the resolution and the technology are great. However, for those who are very picky - like I am - there are a few notes. As with all LCD, there are a few spots where the backlight is visible at extreme angles. And, I had the dreaded dead pixel. Verizon was happy enough to swap it out - twice. 2/3 phone with a dead pixel isn't great...Audio - I'm an adult man who does not play hip-hop or pop Katie Perry or whatever. I play what may would call oldies. And, with Beats, it sounds really great. Both the speakerphone and the earbuds (using urBeats), are loud and clear. I highly approve. I mostly listen to Audible books and they sound really good on this setup.Overall - I am really happy with my purchase and think it is a huge upgrade over the Galaxy Nexus. Were I able to get the Nexus 4 on Verizon, I'd have to think twice, though. And, those wondering about the Note II. Just Don't II. I tried it and it is just too big and the pen is just too much of a gimmick.

but not without flaws. It is everything I've ever wanted, but I can see how the shortcomings might dissuade a potential buyer.regarding the 1080p - 440ppi screen, let's first remember that human eyesight varies from person to person. I can certainly see a difference between this and every other smartphone I've ever seen (326ppi iPhones included) - your results may vary.  However, I think we will all agree that the display is simply stunning.It took me all of 24 hours to get used to the size, coming from a 3.5 inch HTC Incredible (which now looks and feels like a toy) and I'll never go back to a smaller display. That it tapers to a thin, sleek edge makes it even easier to handle.Battery life is truly polarizing - some claim it's perfectly on par with current smartphones while others believe it to be sub-standard; my experience is somewhere right in the middle. I can get about 10 hours standby with about 3 hours of screen-on time with heavy usage and 4G always on.Lack of an SD slot is a non-issue for me, as I stream media and store files on Google Drive/Dropbox/etc.Call quality is immaculate. The onboard amplifiers give a big boost to headphone and speaker playback, and the Beats Audio integration adds some bass (for better or worse, I say better).Adroid 4.1 with Sense absolutely screams - navigating and launching apps happens with absolutely zero lag, but there is so much BLOATWARE. I deactivated all that I could, which was a pain but worth the time it took. If you want to run a custom ROM, this is not an easy phone to unlock or root and there are a lot of bricks turning up, so I'm not going to take a stab at it just yet (meaning I'll be running Sense for the forseeable future).This phone loses a star for its battery life, bloatware, and locked bootloader. Those are minor flaws, as the brilliant display and tremendous performance make up for it and then some.  It's not a phone for everyone, but it's definitely the phone for me.

The HTC Droid DNA is very fast & I believe it has the BEST screen on the market at this time.All the apps that I have installed from Games to Utilities have worked Perfectly. Oh and it has the Best sound with the Beats Audio.

I love this phone, love the way you can do cam record and then snap shots from it.  It's a great phone.

I've owned an iPhone, iPad, and a previous HTC Inspire 4G. I had gone back to a feature phone just to get me through the end of a contract and then got to choose a new smartphone. I looked hard at the 4S, iPhone 5, and Galaxy S3. I loved my old Inspire 4G so much I went with the DNA and I love it.I'll let others talk about Android OS. The things I love about the DNA are the camera, screen, overall speed and the HTC Sense overlayed on the Android OS. I will say that I was very nervous about the battery life...coming from a "dumb phone" (feature phone :) where I could go 3-4 days without a charge I knew I was in for a change. My old Inspire 4G got really hungry after about 2 years, requiring a charge every day and sometimes twice a day. If this in a concern for you I will say the DNA is not as much of a battery hog as you think. With moderate use I can easily get through a whole day, and usually part of the next day. Heavy use will require a daily charge, and constant use will sap it in less than a day. But even for someone used to 3-4 day charging intervals I don't think the DNA is unreasonable in this department.Phones are pretty personal, so if you are a hard-core Apple fan then I don't know if you'd like ANY Android phone, but if you are looking for a good one this needs to be considered. Awesome machine!!

Bought this to replace my wife's old HTC Thunderbolt phone after the screen finally cracked from being dropped one too many times. It had survived countless drops over a ~2 year period (she has butterfingers). Within two weeks of receiving the new DNA, she dropped it from a height of about 3ft and the screen cracked instantly. Fortunately we had just added coverage through our homeowners insurance so it wasn't a total loss. Lesson learned: get a decent protective case for your phone, especially the DNA! Before dropping it, she was also experiencing voice quality issues where other people couldn't hear her very well. This issue has been reported by other DNA owners as well. Because of that we switched to the Droid Maxx HD and she's been very pleased with it so far... especially in its Otterbox protective case!

Absolutely love this phone. It has a great camera, beautiful HD display, a thin stylish design, overall I am very pleased.

Droid DNA is really an outstanding phone. It comes with the stunning display, thin and light weight. You probably might think of whether it is too big to put on hand. Don't worry. The size is just right to hold on hand. Most people concern about the battery life. For me, I get 100% in the morning before to work and about 30% while I'm off. During the day, I use this phone to check my facebook, browse the website, watch Youtube and text to my friends without charging it. So, if you are not the heavy user like playing the games all day long, you dont really take the battery life into concern. You will not regret to buy this phone.

What a great phone! Pixs are fantastic, screen awesome, and speeds something to behold. Who cares about Lamborghini-like red stripes. All that stuff is covered up as soon as you install your shell. Concentrate on what the Droid is capable of. by the way, that stupid charge cover ripped off after 2 weeks. go Q1 and who cares.

I pre-ordered the HTC Evo back when it was announced. Loved that phone despite the short battery life and Sprint service.  Jumped over to Verizon to get the first 4g phone Thunderbolt. Loved this phone despite the short battery life. I owned a I-phone 4s for 6 months and it never did much for me. I owned the Droid-X and never got into it either.I'm just partial to HTC, I guess.  I've never had a problem with any of their phones. Several drops(in various cases) throughout the years and never a failure.Was worried about the Battery life or lack of SD slot (coming from the 40gb T-bolt and all), but with Photobucket and Google offering auto uploads, on either Wifi or cell data, my pictures and video don't need to be on the phone storage.Battery life, so far, is superior to the Evo and T-bolt, which I still loved, while swapping batteries. 10-12 hours or more is possible, in my experience since the DNA's release. I do think the phone could be a tick thicker while offering another 500mah and, possible a SD slot, but it's thin form makes the phone feel smaller than it is, imo.

The phone is nice, screen is awesome.  It does have some quirks but I am not even going to go into them as there is one big flaw that makes it a horrible piece of equipment.  It loses service - A LOT.  And I am not talking about weak reception, dropped calls etc. It frequently can not find any cell service and/or can not detect the SIM card.  I have to reboot it constantly.  And half the time I dont even know that it has not had service for a while becuase I am not looking at it.  So if someone calls I may not know until hours later or the next day.  Google search "HTC DNA SIM error" and you will see what I am talking about. STAY AWAY!!!!!!  This thing is an expensive piece of junk.

Phone is nice I really wish it had external memory though. The quad-core processor I thought would make up fo it but phone still seems to lag on occasions. Overall pretty good though

I've had a Droid Eris, OG Droid, Droid X, Thunderbolt, Droid X2, Droid Bionic, and a number of tablets sprinkled in here and there.  I'm a tech geek and I've been quite active in the Android world since 2009.  I've rooted all of my phones and done what I could to increase performance.  This is the first time I have ever been fully satisfied with a phone out of the box.Processor - simply divine.  Fast, great response time, nearly instantaneous reaction to my input.  Battery life is 400% better than my Bionic/Thunderbolt, and I can't think of any improvement that is needed at the current time.Screen - amazing.  I lol at the sheep in the ios herd who slather compliments over their Retina screen.Design - great looking phone.  5" screen that is easy to hold.  Love it.Software - I hate Verizon, despite using only them for the past 4 years.  I hate their business practices and I hate their money-grubbing fat little digits.  I hate the bloatware they install on my phones.  But this is the first time I could not care less about crappy apps I will never open.Amazing phone - cannot be beat by anything on the market, imo.  Too bad it is gone!  The DNA 2 will likely bring even more to the table, but I got this for $0.01, so I cannot see how spending $200+ on a DNA 2 would make any sense.If you can find this phone, get it!  You will be impressed.

Was a little hesitant about ordering the phone with no sd card slot for expansion and only have 16g on board.  Love it!  Screen is awesome, form factor is just big enough.. but not too big... quad core is FAST!  And memory not a problem.Only real downfall is bluetooth sound quality when connected to car stereo.. the streaming Beats audio is fantastic but call quality is not as good as my old motorola Razr.  Not bad... just not as good.Love this phone overall!

Great phone.  But the message, &#34;Sim card not inserted&#34; has popped up recently.  I know other owners of this phone have seen this error message and had to get new phones.  I would rate this phone a 5, but knowing it is probably only going to get worse, I may have to trade the phone in.

Not that bad of phone. Takes some getting used to. Does take good pictures. But only had the phone for little over 2 weeks already a problem. Three or four times I've lost service. The 12 years with verizon that has never happened before. The phone will say no service and no sim card. Need to re - start to get back service. And no way of knowing you lost service until you look at the phone. So if waiting for a call you'll never know you missed it. And seen this problem more than a few times when googled.

Phone is fast, easy to use and it JUST WORKS!  No problems whatsoever with this phone.  Call quality is fantastic, reception is great.  Surfing the internet with the DNA is better than any other smartphone I have seen, not only due to the 5-inch screen but also the browser seems more like a 'real' browser than other smartphone browsers.  I don't know if this is something HTC is doing right, or just standard Android 4.1.1 browser - either way, it rocks!One of my fears in getting the DNA was aftermarket support.  This isn't one of the best-selling phones, so I was afraid that accessories like cases, screen protectors, etc. might be hard to come by.  I've had no problem finding accessories, they seem to be plentiful online and at the Verizon store, at least.I'm very happy with my DNA.

To begin with, the HTC Droid DNA is a great phone. It has some of the top specs out of any smartphone available right now. Quad-core processor, 2GB of RAM, 1080p screen with 440ppi(pixels per inch), 8MP camera, you name it. It is also one good looking phone with it's rubberized texture, red stripes, and that 5-inch screen which isn't too big but isn't too small.So you may be asking what's wrong with the phone? There are a couple of major drawbacks. First is the non expandable storage: yes it's been stated many times before in previous reviews but this one really got to me. With only 16GB of internal storage, leaving barely under 12GB of usage with all the bloatware installed by Verizon. I thought it wouldn't be a problem, but after importing some of my music library onto the phone, along with pictures and videos that I would take day to day, it would leave me with no memory at all. Yes, I understand that technology is "advancing" to cloud storage, where you can store pictures and videos, but people like me like to have the option of an expandable MicroSD storage slot. It's one of the many things that set Android apart from its competitors!Second is the battery life/non-removable battery. Having a Droid should mean having the option of a removable battery. If the battery isn't that huge and rates 2,020 mAh, the smart thing to do is to have the option of a removable battery. For some people, the battery would last them all day, but mine hardly lasted for half a day. I use my phone heavily: always playing games, streaming videos, using GPS, using third party apps such as Facebook and Instagram, browsing the internet, etc. and this would leave me with almost no battery by the time 5pm rolls around. Sometimes I would just leave my phone in my pocket and take it out a couple of hours later to find that the battery has drained about 20%. I don't wear tight jeans so there had to be a problem there somewhere, that or the standby battery life is horrible. I always say, what's the point of having a glamorous phone with top specs if you can't use it because it died? Over the two year life of the phone (assuming one would keep the phone for the 2 year contract), the battery will gradually lose life.Third and lastly, although this complaint isn't as major as the other two, is the button designs. Why would HTC put the power button on top of a 5 inch screen phone? And to add to that, why would they make it so flush into the phone where you can barely feel it unless you have a case on? If someone were to go case-less through the duration of the two years of having the phone, I would imagine the button becoming harder and harder to press or even stuck into the phone.Although this was a highly anticipated phone for Verizon, I am overall disappointed with the design flaws.

So far it's a good phone clear picture and good camera. If your use to Android phones this is the best so far. Too bad I have to put a case on it..If everything works out I'll come back with 5 stars..

This phone is gorgeous, fast, light.  The 5 inch 1080HD display is the first of its kind, and beautiful!  Gorilla Glass 2 provides protection against scratches to this stunning screen.  It's simply a great phone. I'm very pleased with this product and can't imagine this phone getting dated any time soon. If you're looking for a phone with a huge brilliant display that's just short of a tablet this phone is for you.

I can only confirm the excellent reviews this device is receiving. The screen is gorgeous and perfect for my 40-something eyes, so I don't need to fumble for my reading glasses. It is FAST. It is slim and light, with a quality feel and a grippy exterior (I'm adding a slim case that won't make it bulky). Love the Gorilla Glass 2. So far the battery life is more than sufficient for hours of "try everything" testing and my busy work day. The most common question from my iPhone-loyal friends is "what about the apps?"...everything I use and want is available for android phones. My 4000+ song and playlist music library transferred fine to Google Play. Voice search and navigation are outstanding. The 8mp camera is superior.  It synchronizes nicely with Outlook Exchange for work.  In my opinion, Apple should have seized the opportunity to do a major overhaul of their OS and the device design for i5...the bigger screen is the main reason I switched, and it feels like Apple has some catching up to do on several levels. The only improvements I might suggest are to move the power button to the side from the top and add a memory card slot for those who need it. The cover flap for the charger slot is flimsy, but I don't have a better idea to suggest for keeping debris out of it. This is my first HTC device, and I'm impressed overall.

Wow what a product I lost my RAZR and took the DNA what a change. The only disappointment is the lack of external memory. Otherwise it's fast and the sound is outstanding. I will show this to friends and I hope they at least look at it for an option. For business it would be nice, for fun it's really fun. I've been very busy. Anyone would be happy with this phone but still do your research if you just want something to just call on, this would be over priced, and every child in your family would borrow it to play with or to do their Facebook networking. If you want power and the ability to get work done and have fun with easy access, well this is your phone. Outlook, Yahoo, G-Mail, or any other e-mail will work even Corp. It has a voice recorder, and it's ease to share Data, Pictures, Music, just like the Samsung. I will recommend this phone....P.S. I have now found out Star Wars Angry Birds will not work and it's the HD ver because the regular one you can't even down load. That hurt but doesn't put the phone out as an option

This is the first online product review I've ever written. This phone is terrible. I had an iPhone 3 for five years without any problems. The earpiece on the DNA became inconsistent, cutting in and out within two months. Verizon/HTC replaced it with a "like new certified refurbished phone." That seemed like a cheat to me. To make matters worse the Verizon rep tried to tell me that the certified "like new" phone is better because it has had the bugs worked out, basically admitting that the phone is buggy. Also, they claim the phone is infinitely customizable but it's not even close. You can't even stop it from blurting out a top volume "DROID" when you turn it on! The ringer and email notification volumes are the same setting so if you'd like to hear your phone ring if someone calls when you're sleeping, you'll also here a beep for every notification. There is no way to turn off only the email notification, of all of the sound options, "none" is not one of them. Even after putting a custom sound button on the home screen it takes three taps on two screens to go into silent mode, then it's very easy to hit the volume button in your pocket and it won't be silent anymore. As a teacher, I have to power off the phone in class to avoid embarrassing interruptions. You also can't customize away corporate tie-like a huge Amazon screen. The only truth in the advertising of this phone is that the camera and video are great. I will never buy another HTC product again. They at HTC are incompetent or liars, or both. Maybe if I spend three days working on customization, I'll be able to make it a tenth as user friendly as iPhone. I'm seriously considering having the broken glass on my iphone 3 replaced and using it instead of the HTC until my contract expires.

I have had this phone for about a month.  I chose the DNA because I have less than perfect vision and needed the larger screen.  I was a little nervous because of the numerous issues reported with the sim card, but since several DNA owners said that adding a piece of scotch tape seemed to solve the problem I figured that I would take a chance.  So far I have not encountered any issues with the sim card.  I have actually had no problems of any kind.My last phone was the Stratosphere, which I grew to hate.  With light usage I was lucky to make through a whole day.  The DNA gets me through 2 1/2 days of light usage on 1 charge!  Heavy usage gets me through 1 day.  I was recently at a dog show that was held in a rural area with poor connections.  Numerous other people had a hard time getting a connection but the DNA NEVER had any problems!  In addition it was on 4G the entire time and with moderate usage it still had about half a charge after a 14 hour day!

The blue tooth syncing issues are a pain.the screen is fragile this one fell less than four inches and landed on edge that broke the screen.

pretty fast phone, nice features, tons of bloatware BUT they were nice enough to let you disable them so they dont run in the background all the time.

Pros: screen, smooth operation. battery good (lasts ten hours with normal use). camera good.cons: HTC sense can use some work.

This Phone is amazing I love the big screen the way to personalize it and much more. On the second day I started to notice that some incoming messages weren't coming through, I look through setting and couldn't find a fix. the problem got worse after the second day, I could receive messages, make/receive calls but only when ever the phone felt like it, it would not receive messages and it never did, I ask my friend to send those failed messages to my brothers phone and he got them right away, But not my phone. It got me mad so I called Verizon to get the phone fix. they said the problem way the device so they send me a supposibly new phone and it had the same problem, I called them again and now they are diagnosing it again. I hope it gets fix because other than that I love this Phone!

Although I have only had HTC phones (and had always loved them), I was ready to go elsewhere (Samsung) if the battery life issue had not improved.  After two weeks with the DNA, I must say - they got it right this time.  I was very careful about "conditioning" the phone for first few charges (let battery get really low before re-charging).  With moderate usage I am getting a full day (24-36 hrs) on a charge.  Generally speaking, the phone is mad cool/awesome.  It is fast, easy to use, awesome display, very thin and attractive. The only complaint that anyone can make is with regard to the storage capacity.  If you download a lot of movies and music to your phone, this is not the phone for you.  I hope HTC gets their business act together this year, they make awesome phones, second to none. I love my phone, I love looking at it and using it.

This phone is awesome, I love everything about it. My previous phone was the HTC EVO 4G LTE. I didn't think I would like it more than my previous phone, didn't want to switch but couldn't handle Sprint's horrible service any longer and I couldn't bring it with me to Verizon. But this thing gets better every time I use it. From the speed, to the magnificent display to the form. A+.Verizon's service, top notch so far.

JAN 26 2013 UPDATEThe Motorola Droid HD Maxx is everything that I expected and so much more.  It is very easily customized to work exactly the way that I WANT, not "here's how I work so you'll have to deal with that".  The Smart Actions are GREAT.  The battery life is WAY beyond unbelievable.  I can go for at least full 2 days without charging.  WOW!And ... most importantly, I can EASILY use the HD MAXX with ONE HAND all day long, for all standard business use and apps (phone, email, txt, calendar, etc).HTC totally missed the ball.  Trust me - there is NO WAY that the DNA can be used one handed, unless you wish to constantly shuffle it around in your hand all day long to perform merely basic actions like "turn it on, unlock it, manage contacts, search, etc).Before you buy it - head over to Verizon and hold it with ONE HAND and just TRY to do standard functions - you will see what I mean.  If you don't care that it's a "small tablet" instead of a phone ... that is your choice.ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOW------------------------------------------DO YOU EXPECT TO USE YOUR SMART PHONE WITH 1 HAND?  If YES, then read on, and don't rush out to buy the DNA ...After 5 years of owning iPhones (3g and 3gs), it was time to step up to an Android format.  I wanted a phone I had more direct control over, without the hassles of itunes, etc - and to be able to take advantage of a true open standard.  Ok so onto Verizon (changed from ATT).  Lots of good phones to pick from.  It SEEMED on the surface that the HTC Droid DNA had it all.  I really REALLY wanted to love this phone, and have worked it hard for 3 solid weeks.THE GOODAll the specs are GREAT - the best around.  The screen?  OMG, it is awesome.  The camera is very good, much better than I ever expected a phone to have and I'm a shutterbug.  But let's face it, a phone should be good for "quick snap shots" or quick little videos.  Serious photos need a camera.  My 7 year old 6M Fuji F30 takes MUCH better photos than the HTC DNA.Ok but onwards about the good stuff in the HTC DNA.  Lots of memory and quad 1.5 processor.  Ability to get a wireless charger and say goodbye to annoying charging cables.  All the fundamentals were there ... man oh man do I want to LOVE this phone!The battery life is "OK" or "decent".  No better.  But if you get lots of email every day like I do - CHANGE from default PUSH sync to manual or like once/hour.  Otherwise, all those sync's WILL drain this thing dry and do it fast!THE BADOn the down side, it feels a BIT big - even in my large hands (I'm 6'6" so that says something) BUT ... I would have lived with that.  Then there is that very silly plastic flap that covers the charging port.  I have come close to cutting it off a few times but didn't and am glad that I did not since it will be going back.  If I was keeping it, I'd just buy a wireless charger and leave it closed.  Honey badger don't care!  ;-)THE UGLYHTC has missed the ball on some VERY essential things here.  Tragically, ALL of these could have been EASILY avoided.  HTC are you listening?  You had me at hello ... then lost me before my 30 day trial was over.  Yep, I'll gladly pay Verizon the $35 restocking fee to get rid of you.  And I really really wanted to love you so much, my pretty little mail-order bride.  But then I got to KNOW you ...Ok so here's the scoop.  The sum of the parts (and the parts are great) are SERIOUSLY undermined by the useability.  Just try and use it ONE-HANDED, and you will see what I mean.  Imagine for a moment that the phone is locked and you ... want to make a call, check email, text, whatever.Ok ... so you grab it the way that anyone would grab their phone - right around the middle and hmmmmm - you can't REACH the power button.  It is all the way on the very top middle of the phone.  DARN!  So ... you now must either use your other hand to hit it, or clumsily shift the large phone around to reach the button and hit it.  Phew ok now that is done.Ok ... but now ... you need to UNLOCK IT.  Well ... THOSE soft buttons (screen) are WAY WAY on the bottom of the screen.  So now ... yep you guessed it.  Use your other hand OR ... shimmy your hand way back down again to get into the app or the phone in general.This 1-handed dance would need to be repeated again and again pretty much all day long if you are a heavy business user, or, resign yourself to needing a 2nd hand REGULARLY to use this thing.  From that point, if you need to hit the search field at the top I'd seriously doubt that you can reach it, without again shifting your hand.Honestly, this ONE THING is so intrinsic, so constant that it is a deal breaker all on it's own.Let's say now that you are in your phone app, and now wish to check your voicemail.  Yes I know that this will NEVER happen.  But let's say that you did, ok?  :-)If you are like me, you have VISUAL voicemail, and not just that very basic sound-only dial-in system.  If you have the latter, you can hotkey to it by holding the 1 key - on any Droid phone.  But ... if you have VISUAL VM ... you can't GET THERE directly from the PHONE app.  Nope ... you gotta go back home, then switch to the VM app.  This is true for MOST android phones including all Verizon HTC and Samsung models.A BETTER SMART PHONE!BUT - Motorola can do this.  I suspect but can't be sure that this is the result of Google's acquisition of Motorola Mobile back in mid 2012.  With a Motorola, you can use that 1 shortcut to access VISUAL VOICEMAIL DIRECTLY from the phone app!  Wow!  Gosh isn't that novel?  And then opt to have it remember that option.  Simple and intuitive.Exactly the way phones should be designed - to adapt to how they are meant to be used.  Note: the Google Nexus MIGHT work this way but it isn't available on Verizon so I couldn't test it.  Only Motorola has this one feature.Since Google bought Motorola earlier this year I'm guessing this feature is one result, along with the new Razr models.  I'm confident that Google will ensure that Motorola continues to release smart-phones that "work the way WE work" rather than the usual "adapt to the phone" that carriers expect of us.BOTTOM LINE on the HTC DROID DNAThink of the HTC DNA as a phone that was ACTUALLY DESIGNED as a very small TABLET, with some top notch features, yet no expansion ports for memory, etc.  If you do not care in the least that you will regularly be using this thing with both hands ... ok that is your choice.  If you want a 1-handed excellent smart phone.  This is NOT the device for you.I just walked away from iPhones after 5 years.  I'll be darned if I'm going to be frustrated by my single most important daily device.Ok ... so what am I going to do?  Well we are definitely going w/ Verizon.  My other half got a Motorola Razr M when I got my DNA.  So was lucky to be able to play with hers for the last 3 weeks while pushing the DNA through its paces.  The Motorola Razr M is just awesome.  It works EXACTLY the way that one EXPECTS it to.  The power button is readily accessible with 1 hand.  The unlock interface is right in the middle, not bottom and the hot apps are around the unlock widget.  Perfect.  Visual vm links the way that it should - as stated earlier.  And the rest of it just FEELS RIGHT.  Clearly, Google influence is already being felt and instrumented in the latest design (jelly bean with latest phones).  The Razr M is very nearly the size of an iPhone so very comfortable for anyone with smaller hands like my better half.  Her hands are MUCH smaller than mine.So I knew that I'd be really happy with a Motorola but wanted a somewhat bigger screen and as much battery life as I could get.  So the Razr HD Maxx fits the bill.  I'll probably never make good use of the 32 GB of storage.  But it's nice to know it's there and it is really nice to have the micro sd slot and micro hdmi slot for ... whatever I want.  The phone will meet whatever needs I have down the line - if my needs change.The larger screen will be nice and it is reasonably comfortable in my hands.  Still the button is where it should be so no worries there.  The camera is "good enough".  The most important stuff about Motorola is they work the way that I DO.  They are DESIGNED to be used 1-handed for all the functions that you would expect.  Just like an iPhone  :-)  If your hands are small, get the RAZR M.  Otherwise, you can pick from the others for what you need.I hope this has been helpful!  Sorry HTC - maybe next time!J.

No Drive Letter: no traditional means of referring to folders understands what Computer\HTC6435LVW\Internal storage means. With previous phones with SD cards, I was able to do this. The HTC DNA has NO removable drive SD Card so I can't plug it into my computer and search for files by extension, date etc. I tried to copy the whole 13 GB worth of data from the phone to the PC but after 5 tries it kept failing so I don't know what I have copied and what failed (no error messages).I'm trying to pull in some graphics from about 15 different photo apps and short video clips from a few video apps and I have NO IDEA where the file folders are. The apps don't let me specify and there's no documentation. A simple search by extension and date would cure it - then just click a file to see if it's right and copy or cut / paste it so I can begin (BEGIN!!!) doing my editing work on the video. Now it's 3 days later and I'm no closer than I was before. I have a ton of great pics and some good video clips on the HTC DNA internal storage. Unfortunately I can't use them in my production.I originally rated this phone a 5, but for actual work related productivity I can only give it a 2 as a social media phone where I can upload and share photos & videos immediately after taking them, but obviously I can't do that for every new file I create. #MassiveFail #FixIt #GetADifferentPhone

The phone is great.  It's fast and responsive, it takes excellent photos, the speakers are great, and the phone itself is the perfect size. Here's the big "but" - the screen shatters easily.  I've had a lot of smartphones and I haven't experienced as much as a single screen crack with any of them.  However, after having this phone for one month, the screen shattered (and I mean completely shattered) after a fall from a twelve-inch height where the device landed flat on its back (not on its side).  It still works just fine in every possible way, I just can't really see what I'm doing anymore.  I'm pretty disappointed in the lack of resilience the screen exhibited.  Upon a quick search I discovered that this is a known problem with the phone.  Apparently, the screen even has a tendency to shatter on its own under certain conditions. I'm pretty bummed.  I wish I had known before I bought the phone.  If I had, I would have definitely sprung for the insurance and I recommend that you do if you buy this phone.

I am surprised no one gave it 1 star but it is, first day I got it and it dropped on the ground and guess what the screen broke I think I am going to get the Apple iPhone 5 instead I heard it does not break on impac. Sorry could not test its other features as unit I had screen broke.

Replaced my old DroidX with this DNA. I used to have unlimited data with a prior Verizon contract and found out when I upgraded you no longer have that option. I was okay with that because I had hardly used my data on my old phone so I figured I wouldn't max out on this one using the same apps. Big mistake. This phone uses a ton of data. I ended up turning off all auto syncs and only sync when I am using Wi-Fi. I NEVER used Wi-Fi with my DroidX. Very inconvenient because my email does not update so I have to open the folder just to see if I have any new messages. I used to see my facebook friends' updates but now I hardly use facebook on the DNA because I don't want it constantly updating. The volume control on the side is very sensitive so you can turn the volume down just by putting the phone in your purse. The old DroidX had swype imbedded. I had to download an app to use swype on this phone. The battery is decent but I also am using half of the apps I used with the DroidX. Pretty much I now use only the phone and text mode.  I should have gone with straight talk from Walmart LOL!!

For the price this is the best phone I have ever had. The only problem I have with the phone, is all the bloatware Verizon installs on every phone they get their hands on. Also there is no SD slot.

---------1/16/2013---------PROS:=====o Fast processor (Bionic with ICS started to really lag)o Large screeno Can use cell voice and data simultaneously with Verizon on this!o 1080p resolutiono Quad Core should last some time now, so hopefully this phone doesn't out-date anytime soon.o Camera app starts SUPER FAST compared to my last several Motorola phones and photos can be taken super quickly which is great when you need that quick shot.  I had been waiting up to a minute or so on the Bionic with the ICS update on it.o Initial few days, battery shows lasting almost 13 hours.  I play word games (scrabble), surf with browsers, check news with apps.  13 hours should be good enough.CONS:=====o--> HTC Trace not as good as Swype. When selecting an earlier word to replace, a list of similar traced words does not come up like with Swype. I miss this because it makes me have to type the word all over again rather than press a correct word as with Swype.o--> Large screen - My fingers cannot reach the entire screen without holding the phone sideways somewhat. One big issue with that is that most buttons are at the top of apps, web pages, and the phone's back button is way to the left and even that is a reach.o--> 1080p resolution. One traffic app now shows traffic (green highlight) in a super skinny line which makes it hard to see when glancing at it quickly. I have to look really closely.  Not a big deal, I just use a couple of other traffic apps instead.o--> No HDMI out which stinks, esp since it's 1080p. Would have been nice to stream to an HDTV.o--> Power slot on bottom, which is annoying because I like to stand up my phone when charging, leaning against something so I can see the screen.  However, a workaround is allowing auto-rotate to be active (but I don't like this auto-rotate for times I read my email in bed on the side and it goes to that wide format which is often annoying for GMail).o--> Power button has little feedback so when I press it, sometimes it isn't pressed enough and doesn't turn on/off. And when I press it hard, I worry it will break or something.  I like the Motorola phones where that button has some feedback (like a little click feel).OTHER NOTABLES:===============o--> Screen (glass) is beveled away at edges, so when I put a screen protector that I cut out, the edges didn't touch the phone screen (my real screen protectors are on the way, but I wanted to protect the screen right from the start).o--> Power button on top and audio slot on top not an issue, as that's where the Bionic had them.o--> Gorilla Glass 2 is nice.  Spoke with an HTC guy and he said Gorilla Glass 3 is coming out, but no time soon.o Bought a clear hard plastic case and it fits the phone nicely.o--> No complaining about the missing SD card slot and non-removable battery, as that is clear and obvious on the DNA description.  Would have loved 32GB and a 3000mAh battery or more though.  But that would have made the phone fat I guess.  For storage, I just left off a ton of audio files (hour long or more each), big mp3 collections (Amazon's autoRip solved a lot of my issues by allowing bought CD music to play on the Amazon mp3 app).o--> Amazon shipped this OVERNIGHT when it was listed as IN STOCK. I had ordered when it was 1-2 weeks expected, then saw it for a few minutes in stock so canceled and re-ordered because my original order didn't get a faster ship date.  CR said there's a glitch in ship date shown when backordered.---------2/12/2013---------o--> Purchased the wireless charger. Works nicely, but the phone/charging pad do heat up quite a bit (when charging on the USB/AC, phone doesn't get warm at all), and of course it takes a LOT longer to charge.  But, convenient if you're trying to keep your phone charged up at your work desk or other static location.o--> Downloading new apps is extremely fast compared to my previous dual-core Bionic. This is a great convenience.o--> Purchased a 3rd party warranty that includes accidental damage. A few days ago, I dropped it, and fortunately didn't have to use the warranty. No damage. I use a very inexpensive clear (few bucks) hard plastic case and a XtremeGuard plastic protecting sheet on the back for extra cushioning and that combination did a nice job protecting with the drop. No need for a huge otterbox like expensive case.o--> Evidently there's an HTC update coming soon. When I click check now, it doesn't download anything yet. Just sits there.o--> Heard there's an HTC device in the works that has a smaller screen size. Something in the 4.5 to 4.7 inch screen size would be much easier to use as I could then easily reach all parts of the screen. Saw LG Optimus G is coming out in Korea with a 5.5" screen. That would be way too hard to use single-handedly.o--> Still very happy with this device.02/27/2013-04/03/13:ISSUE --> Using wired headphones for the 1st time, and when I plug them it, the data speed drops to almost zero.  When I unplugged the headphones (while the same application is being used that should be buffering data), the data picks back up to over 7 and is normal. Anyone else experiencing this problem? This also seems to vary depending on the app being used.  Sometimes wired headphones work with one app on 4G/LTE, but does not on another. Very odd and inconsistent. I just have to remember which app can run on 4G/LTE and which needs 3G to run.________More/update to come as I keep using it.  Only have had it for a few days now.

I only give five star ratings when the product in question blows my mind. If everything is good and nothing is wrong, its a 4 star product. This phone gets five stars for a load of reasons that I will try to cover.Operating System. Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean is approaching perfection. Google Now is better than Siri. Jelly Bean is smooth thanks to Project Butter, I didn't see any slowdowns or crashes in my 4 months with the phone so far. HTC Sense version 4+ is good but not great. A large update will be coming soon to give it the newest version of HTC Sense, version 5, that is really good. 9-10Performance. With the CPU, GPU, and Ram that this phone is equipped with, its not just quick now, its future proof meaning in 2 years when a normal contract will be up, this phone will still be plenty quick. 9.8/10Battery. If your a person that A, needs long battery life cause you travel or B, use your phone a lot, you might want to look into a batter pack (under 30 dollars, try "6600 Mah battery charger" on Amazon, I love mine). If your not one of the two groups of people listed above, the battery will be just fine. 8-10Build Quality/Durability. This phone is built well. Its sturdy, its thin, and its compact to make it feel substantial and high quality. no empty space inside to make it feel cheap. It really is the best feeling plastic phone on the market. The Gorilla Glass 2 is future proof and fairly durable. The back is soft touch and feels nice but be warned because it scratches quite easy. Don't put this in a pocket with keys or change or the back will scuff. The camera lense seems to hold up quite well to dust and a little bit of dirt that could hurt it. I don't use a case because the phone is to nice looking to be hidden and my camera shots still look good meaning no harm has come to the lense. The form factor of the phone is large because of the 5 inch display but HTC managed to make it feel smaller than a 5 inch phone should feel. Its really thin at the edges, where your hands come in contact with it, and the back is curved so it melts into your hand. The physical buttons are good but not flawless. The volume button is easy to press and looks really cool, but the power button is kinda funky because its flushed to the top of the phone. This makes pressing it a little tough as there is almost no feedback but after one adapts to it, its no problem. 8.3-10Screen. The screen is perfect-super sharp. Colors look accurate and vivid. Outdoor visibility is also good. Nothing bad to say about it. 10/10Sound. Beats audio is cool and it will impress your friends but its not a mind blowing difference. Don't get me wrong, it makes music sound better, no argument, but its not a game changer. Its on the road between really nice and gimmick. When talking on the phone, the speaker sounds really good and the mic sounds like a land line according to the other end. The loudspeaker is pretty good as well. 9/10Camera. It takes good pictures. They are better than most but bested by some. It has some really good after-the-fact editing software and the different scenes, filters, and adjustments coupled with the image chip create a pretty decent photo. 8.5/10Cons not listed above. This phone takes 3 hours to charge but the cord given in the box is the longest I have seen. Lacks micro-SD slot, could be a problem for people who have a lot of local media.Pros not listed above. The Wi-fi is really good. I get all 4 bars anywhere in my house. The LTE is super quick.Final thoughts. The Camera is good for anyone who is not photo crazed. The preformance is amazing. The screen is super sharp. The battery is average. The call quality is great. For 50 dollars, this phone is a steal for 50 bucks.

I sold it.  Battery life was awful and no matter what combination ROM and Kernel I tried, I could not get it to last one entire day.  Quite a bummer really because everything else about the phone was sweet.  Great processing power and amazing display.  Just got tired of customizing it with lukewarm results.

The last time I actually upgraded my Verizon phone was back in Sept of 2009. I got the LG Env3 (Yeah the phone is generations behind). I had the chance to upgrade in 2011 but I stumbled around because I wanted to switch to Cricket or Sprint after my contract was up. I ALMOST went with Sprint in 2012 but their lack of customer service, tower coverage etc. put up a red flag. Also, the phones they offered were horrible in my opinion. Nothing sparked my interest one bit. Then I knew about the Maxx HD (Code Name: Droid Fighter) coming out 6-7 months before it even hit the shelves. I kept a close eye on but lost interest due to the fact that when it was released...well it was all hype (The battery is the only great thing about it). So after running my LG EnV3 into the ground for almost 4 years and paying month to month for the last 16 months or so through Verizon...well I knew it was time for a major upgrade. It was a little tough but after doing the research I just new the HTC Droid DNA 4G would be the perfect phone for me.PROS:- Snapdragon 1.5Ghz Quad-core processor. It chews up apps like it's nothing. It also allows Jelly Bean to run so damn smooth.- 2GB of ram. It looks like 512mb is dedicated to Jelly Bean. Your left with 1.5GB for apps and other processes.- The built-in speakers. The crystal clear quality makes you want to have ring tones again.- The 5 inch screen. It's insane to have 440 PPI (DPI)on a screen like this. HD pictures and HD videos look stunning.- Operating system. Jelly Bean is clean, stable, and gives you a sleek feel and look to it.- Phone weight and size. For a 5 inch screen and a 2020 mAh battery this is super light and thin.- The 8 megapixel front camera. I could careless about 8 megapixels. It's the sensor and lens that make up a camera. The sensor is good for a cell phone. The 28mm F/2.0 lens is great for low-light situations. Now the quality of pictures and video are good but I was expecting them to be better. It's still a PRO in my opinion.- Gorilla Glass 2. The first generation of Gorilla Glass was good but it had flaws. The 2nd generation of Gorilla Glass on this phone is great. It's super durable, yet it doesn't interfere with the quality of the screen.CONS:- The 16GB of storage. You actually have about 11.5GB of storage. About 4.8GB is taken up by apps, Jelly Bean and hidden data.- No Micro SD slot(s). Yeah it's a bummer but you can't extend your storage. You'll have to be careful downloading apps, updates, photos, videos, and music down the road.- The 2020 mAh battery. If you use your phone every day (calls, texts, Internet, and apps) well be prepared to charge this every 18-26 hours. This is when I wish I had the Maxx HD. 3300mAh will last you a very long time, even if your a heavy user.- The power button. Other people have complained about the power button design. I agree that its hard to find and a pain to push sometimes.CONCLUSION:Overall this phone is a huge upgrade for me. It's easy to operate and I really enjoy the hardware and software this phone packs. If you're looking for a new smart phone and you enjoy Android operating systems but want high performance...look no further. This is the phone to get.P.S: Also, I got this phone 50% cheaper on Amazon than renewing through Verizon. Amazon rocks!

The Good:Are you kidding? There is too much to detail about the pros of this phone. The graphics alone are like, &#34;what?&#34; are u kidding me.... No phone I have ever used comes close to the &#34;eye-candy&#34; here. The 5&#34; screen is mind-blowing and the image res is mind-boggling. The pictures and vids are very good. I can't imagine much better on a mobile device. The music app is phenomenal and it centralizes everything from radio to Pandora to onboard tunes. Call quality is very good and the browser performs like a desktop. I had concerns about &#34;sense&#34; after coming from Motorola, but so far, so good. I am highly impressed and I have not found the HTC to be complicated or difficult to operate or customize. Build on the phone is very sleek, very clean. Once again, total &#34;eye-candy&#34;. Beyond that, productivity is a no-brainer and e-mail and docs and weather.... yeah, all that's right at your fingertips.The Bad:I have to have some criticism, so.... I haven't really had time to observe the battery life, but so far it's better than the bionic and better than the original droid. That's good, because this is a big phone that could easily suck up juice. But so far, not so bad. The phone is big and that takes a little getting used to even coming from a 4.3&#34; screen. Beats audio is nice and you can tell a difference plugged up, but I would love to have seen an equalizer of some sort. All that said, the sound is nice.... nicer than my laptop. Plugged up, it's extremely clear and crisp. But, I would like to have seen some sort of control in terms of equalizer, what have you....Overall? 5 stars.... yep, 5 stars. Eat your heart out Apple.

I have no preference when it comes to electronics. Sure I have a Mac computer, an iPhone, and iPad, but I am not biased. At least not when it comes to this phone. The iPhone is a good phone, don't get me wrong, but this thing is just a beast. It's the fastest phone that I have ever owned in my entire life. The display is an amazing full 1080 by 1920 resolution with a five inch screen. That means that it has the best display on the market. The iPhone has an impressive display with 336 ppi (pixels per inch), but this phone has 440 ppi! That's amazing! I am a real sucker for high-resolution displays (that's why I have a MacBook Pro with retina display), and this thing delivers. There are some things that I would like to see on it however, like an external memory slot, as well as a removable back so I can switch out the batteries when I need to. I might add, however, that the camera is one of the best that I have ever seen and used. There are some things that could be improved, but overall, this phone is well worth the money. In fact, I would buy this phone for everyone if I could! It's a joy to own, and if you want a good quality phone, this is the one for you!

what can I say. I am happier with this phone than any other phone I've ever had. what else can I say

This phone is solid in almost every way.  I will not get into the specs very much because those are self explanatory.  What I do want to talk about is the number of negative reviews about the poor battery life.  I have not found the 2020 mAh battery to be insufficient at all.  Of course a bigger battery would be ideal but I am getting a full days worth of use out of my phone.  I work in sales and use my phone to search competitors prices and to build quotes for clients.  Through fairly heavy internet use via wifi and a bit of music streaming I am able to make it through even my longest days which can be twelve hours or more.The quad core processor and 2 gigs of ram allow you to fly through this phones functions quickly.  I have been amazed at its responsiveness.  Web pages load quickly and online streaming is very good as well.  There is simply no phone on the market with better specs than this phone.  Just do your research and you will see. The Note 2 and Galaxy S III are awesome phones too but they are $299 and $199 from most carriers with a new contract.  The DNA can be found for $99 dollars which makes it a steal.

My LG Intuition was stolen and AmazonWireless replaced with HTC DNA. I like it.  I just wish it was as big as the Intuition because I could see better.I would recommend.

I love the Droid DNA a lot I mean it works beautifully, besides I brought the DNA simply because everyone wants the IPhone or the Galaxy 3 so me not being a follower I decided I'd go and get the DNA which might be just as good as the others. I orderd my phone from Amazon and got it within four days and I purchase all my phone accessories fr Amazon to, so if you're thinking about buying something from Amazon don't be hesitant go on and make your purchase.

This phone has had a lot of reviews, so I just want to make a couple comments. I just picked up this phone last week, coming for the Rezound. So far I love it. There is a little lag when loading web pages, not sure why that is. They seemed to load faster on the Rezound. I like the size of the screen, and the thinness of the phone. I can't understand why HTC opted to not included an sd card slot, that seems so common place on competitors phones. I doubt it will be an issue for me, as I used only about 8gb of space.One thing I want to mention, and it blows me away how any people hate this, is the rubber flap over the micro-usb port. This is great! The phone is designed to be charged wirelessly, so the flap covers up the charging port. So many people think this is a major design flaw of the phone... you can just remove the flap from the phone. Pull it off, no harm done, and then the phone looks and works like any other.Overall this is a great phone and I bought it used from a guy who didn't like the size of it. If buying a phone now new, I would opt for the Galaxy S4.

This is my second droid phone. My first was a Droid X. I had it for over 2 years and it worked great. Awesome battery life, lots of personalization options, great memory, AWESOME antenna. Pictures/videos were not so good. I decided to try the iPhone for my upgrade. Absolutly terrible in comparison. I don't get what all the hype is about? Battery life was half or maybe even less. There are no battery saving options. Antennas were the absolute worst part. It didn't matter where I was, fuzzy reception and dropped calls. It was aweful. Such a disappointment. Returned it for this phone and I am so happy! The camera and video are much better than my X, the battery is just as good, I really like the big, clear screen because I read and take notes a lot. It has evernote, which is so handy. It has all kinds of personalization options.. Android is sooooo much better than iPhone's. If you want the "teenie-bopper, I'm cool cuz I'm just like everyone else" phone, then get an iPhone. But if you want a phone that will work for your indevidual lifestyle the DNA is great. I do suggest getting a case. It has a wonderful grippy back and its easy to hold on to, but my dog bumped my table and it dropped. The glass screen goes right to the edge and it landed on the corner. That's the only thing I liked better about my Droid X. The glass had a plastic rim. I dropped it litterally hundreds of times and never broke the screen. It seems all the phones are going to this new sleek looking design and its hard to find a phone that doesn't have glass all the way to the edge. Pity. Maybe the phone companies will consider going back to that design on future models.

Let me start by saying that I'm in no way an expert using a smart phone in the sense that I can utilize every feature. What I look for is a phone that has good call quality, a big screen, fast processing speed, an above average camera, and the ability to browse and do a fair amount of email. I also need a little durability as well since I"m outside at work often.This phone thus far has met those parameters.Call quality: Better than my HTC Thunderbolt and better than my wife's Iphone 4Battery: I tried my damnest to wear it out the first day. I bought it with a 52% charge around 12noon. It went 7 hours with me using youtube, NFL mobile, work emails and updates as well as calling and browsing. I charge it to full in and it lasted 15 hours the next day with constant use and with the Wi-Fi and GPS always on.Screen: There in none betterCamera: Simply awesome. People's jaw slacken in amazement when I show them a picture I just took of them. I work as an Athletic Trainer and I can film rehabs and take pictures within the film to point out flaws in their movment patterns to enhance my ability to correct functional imbalances, on the spot! i've filmed some practices and games as well and my coaches are blown away..it's better quality than their camcorder we currently use. (not a top of the line model but not bad)Durability: Eh..I wouldn't want to drop it much but so far so good. Clearly, a great case is needed for a phone like this and I'm hoping to find one...maybe even try liquipel???Speed: This thing FLIES. It blazes through what I ask it to do.What I'm not a fan of is the lack of a HDMI port. If they can find a way to update this with one AND keep everything functioning as is I'll do it in a second.All in all, after owning it for about a week I love it. Glad I bought at this point. I'd give it 5 stars, but I'm waiting for the 'other shoe to drop' in terms of issues that haven't yet cropped up. I'll update this in about a month and if no issues occur, it's a 5 star product for fun.3 MONTHS LATER....Still like the phone, but do not love it. Battery is OK, not great. You will need to have a charger handy but it's not nearly as bad as the thunderbolt which you couldn't go anywhere without. The charger cover broke off just shy of 3 months. ALSO, I'm having trouble with Amazon's mp3 player...it won't let me sign in anymore for some reason. All in all...It's still good...but not quite as amazing as I first thought.
