
excellent phone in every respect with one exception; i am unable to find a means to stop facebook from sending texts on my phone or fb site.

I've been a TracFone customer for many years now. This is the first phone from them that I actively hate. The first one they sent me would reboot itself randomly, and would cut off in the middle of whatever I was doing- talking, texting, web, etc.  I called them to complain and they said they would send me a new replacement phone free of charge. Well they sent me a refurbished phone, which I should have immediately complained about. I did not buy a refurbished phone, so why would they replace my phone with a refurbished one?Anyway the replacement refurbished phone worked better - at first - then started dropping calls/web connection for no reason. Then I noticed that there is dust and hair underneath the touchscreen. Now, to top it off, this phone is CONSTANTLY searching for signal and giving me the &#34;No Service&#34; message. I can get a text, type a quick response, hit send and it almost always tells me &#34;No Service&#34; and will not send the message.I would highly recommend against purchasing this phone, I think LG really put out a lousy product here, and it should not even be on the market any longer.

This cover for my LG 840G cell phone fits perfectly.  The color is true and is it is very protective.  Very inexpensive.

Had this phone for a couple of weeks and I love it, so much better then LG 800. Wish I had purchased this one in the first place, the best Tracphoneout there currently, I highly recommend it

Like every aspect for the phone except that the screen is too touch sensitive. I find that sometimes go to areas that were not intended.

This phone is not bad for a pre paid phone. It is an upgrade from my previous traction. My only issue is the texting. I think it is hard to touch the keys. The keyboard is very touchy. I don't know if it is small or the letters are too close together. I hit a key and usually the letter next to it comes up.

I love my phone - it has taken me some time to get used to all of the features but I definitely enjoy it.I am glad that I bought it!

I should have looked into getting a better phone a long time ago. I'm glad I finally did order this because it has loads more features, works better, and is much easier to use. I was using a basic variety LG flip phone that was a couple of years old and I should have ditched it a long time ago. This is a great value for the money because it's a fairly nice phone and comes with 620 mins. of time and of course the triple min. plan. Nice... unless you absolutely HATE touch phones I say go for it and order it. I wanted to edit this and add some information. This phone plays movies quite nicely and if you want to convert a movie on your computer to play on the LG 840g this is what you can do. I used ImToo Video Converter, which I like, but I'm sure any good video converter program can do this as well. Convert to 3GPP mobile phone format at 320x240 resolution. I had a choice of mono or stereo for audio so I chose stereo. It works great and has a very nice picture with good sound.

After thoroughly assessing my needs for a smart phone/ cell phone i figured this phone suited my needs the best. I don't want a contract phone so prepaid is the best option. Also helps to control the budget. This phone does the job very well.

I would really like a owners manual, but did not receive a detailed description of of all the functions and how they work.  I am new to this type of phone and would like to have a manual.  Can youhelp me?

Okay, why haven't I got one of these pre-paid phones before now?  We needed a phone at home for emergencies and this was more than we could ask for at this price point.  And I think when my Android runs out I may be moving over to something like this.  My smartphone usage is not as much as I think and this will do the trick for half what I'm paying on contract.  The first time I tried to activate this Tracfone it didn't seem to take.  But then I just called back and entered the numbers the robot told me to.  Everything works fine including camera, internet on my Wi-Fi.  I'm very happy with the purchase so far, especially the triple minute special!

So far phone is working great. A little trouble getting information transfered from old tracphone phone to this one, but did ge transger com[leted.

The phone seems to work fine as a phone.  I paid for a more up to date phone though, where I could get gps if I needed, get online for coupons if I needed etc.  I do not plan to use it a lot for these services but I did want to be able to have access if needed.  To access these services though, requires quite a few credits being deducted.  I have full coverage in my area so connection is not an issue, but the phone seems to run slow.  It takes longer to find a web page than I think it should.  My son has ATT which is also the source of the service for this phone and his is much faster.  He also pays a monthly data plan so that could be why.  I just assumed, if we are accessing the same service, he paying a monthly fee and Im using minutes purchased through tracphone...that it would be the same.  It just seems to run slow period.  Tracphone makes you go online on your phone to purchase the ringtone and whatever else you want to personalize it.  I don't know, maybe I am expecting too much for a no contract phone.  I have used tracphone for several years and been happy with my other phone.  I just wanted to upgrade a bit so I could access coupons or gps if I got lost.  As much as it costs in units, I don't think I will use it for that now either.It seems to be a sturdy little phone.  Its solid.  Definitely heavier than my older tracphone.  The screen dims fairly quickly unless you are touching something on the screen.  It has the regular apps on it, calculator, tip calculator, camera, music player, tasks, contacts, etc.  Its ok.  Glad I got it on a triple minute sale plan.

This phone is awesome !! does most anything you would want in a phone. and when you buy minutes you get triple the minutes !!!and there is no daily access fee.

I see no complaints here about bad cell phone reception. But this is what happened to me. The phone is pretty much useless once I get in my house. It has one bar but does not really have any reception. The phone rings but then you cannot really hear anything. I'm trying to return it, still waiting on Amazon to get back to me. It says it needs seller approval.!

Go this for my elderly aunt.  The large touch keypad, compared to the flip phones, is a great improvement. For a tracfone, you can't get any better.  At triple minutes, this is a great deal.  Now the phone itself. The LG840g has some fundamental flaws.  You get what you pay for ($60 vs $300 for an Android).  In the browser, zoom settings are not persistent. Lanscape/portrait must be set manually and is not persistent. Typically none of the text boxes or button on a web page will work without zooming at least one level.  The touch keys at the bottom of the phone turn off after 10 seconds and there is no way to disable that. The "widget select" button at the right above the menu button has no business being there.  Always gets tapped accidently. No way to change the shortcuts at the bottom of the screen. WiFi sucks. I'm 3 feet from the access point and it is not being detected; randomly works.  Watch out because when the browser cannot get a WiFi connection(it's free) it will use 3G and YOUR minutes!  Range is very poor.  No way to secure access to unwanted apps (cannot delete or lock them out).  Browser is very limited.  I know there is the Opera browser, but that is just as bad(its a java app).  In short, only buy this phone for voice calls...but even that is not so good since the voice quality is mediocre.  Time to bite the bullet and buy a Samsung Galaxy on Sprint.

I love this phone.  The price was great.  I love the fact that it came in with 600 minutes plus triple minutes.

I had a Verizon smart phone and this is an adjustment, but the reason I bought it was the best deal for the money I was trying to save. I love not paying the 76.00 a month for less than 200 minutes I used. I do miss some of the apps I had loved to use on the other, but I can live without.

After getting phone...it didn't work in my area! So have a phone and case that was a waste of money...

At less than $60 I got this phone with 600 minutes, plus an additional 100 minutes when activating with a special offer code (you can google for valid codes) on Tracfone's website.  Sound quality is decent.  Features such as Wi-Fi is nice, but web surfacing on this phone is impractical.  Regular texting will count against your minutes, so I&#34;m trying to find web-based tools/apps for texting to take advantage of the Wi-Fi which would not count against the minutes.  With 2BG available, I was able to load a decent collection of music.Overall, this phone is good for my level of use.

This is a great phone and I love the triple minutes and no contract plan.  If you're looking for an inexpensive but thoroughly efficient phone I would recommend this one.

Received the phone in 5 days and so far it works great.  The LG840g is a much better phone than the LG800G.

Received the tracfone like in couple days, For the life of phone I have triple minutes ...nice so when I did go to activate was so easy online..got 620 minutes do not need to buy air time unti 08/14 so it will serve my needs..at like half price of landline.  will buy from the company again

This thing is a piece of junk. BEWARE! If phone cannot connect to wi-fi, which is free, it will use 3g and deduct minutes from your phone without you even using it. I hear the thing make a beeping noise several times a day and look at it and it has used another 1 or 2 minutes. You turn the browser off and it comes back on by itself.  LG says Tracphone writes the programs for the phone. Maybe that's why you get triple minutes with this thing. It uses 4 or 5 minutes of your time every day without you even using it. That's at least 100 minutes a month! Tracphone giving me a runaround. Will be returning phone. 3g that you cannot disable on a phone with limited minutes = BAD IDEA!!!

Nice, light, functional spare phone. Did not purchase for use as my primary phone, just a spare. MinutesTriple with any purchase so really can't go wrong with this phone.

We have an older Tracfone that has worked, but this one says no service all the time despite having three bars. Will only work in a limited area around my husband's work. Customer service was no help at all, just told me that different phones have different service. Also, the web browser is a joke. We will be leaving them. I would give it 0 stars if I could.

No it is not an IPhone, but it is about as close as you can get without paying high monthly bills. I sat next to someone who has an IPhone and her screen looked a lot like this one and we were using much of the same functions. It definitely serves my purposes and the cost cannot be beat.

This phone is affordable, efficient and less costly than most cellular phone.  I would recommend it to anyone who want to save money, and time in this stressed economic time in which we live.  When you purchase your phone and time, then you know exactly how much you are to pay without hidden cost.  I would recommend this phone to anyone who has children and you wanted to supervise their phone minutes and use.

My husband really like his new phone.  The coverage doesn't seem to be quite as good as his last phone, but it's still a nice phone.  It has a lot of nice features like the calculator, mp3 player, and camera.

This is my first Tracfone.  I stepped down from a AT&T; smart phone because spending $200 a month on cell service just bothered me.  Do I miss some of the functionality -- absolutely.  Do I miss it $2400 worth a year.  No.  With the triple minutes bonus I think I've cut my cell phone bill annually by $2000.  Well worth it.This phone was easy to set up.  It joined my wifi network on the first try.  That makes the web surfing portion more manageable because it doesn't use the Tracfone minutes when attached to a wifi.  I was able to export my contacts from my Droid into the Tracfone -- took two tries. The texting keyboard is actually better than the smart phone.  The touch screen is very responsive and it's big enough for older eyes. That battery life is incredible.  I was used to charging my smart phone every night.  This thing runs for days on one charge.  I did use the music player a couple of times and that does shorten the battery life a bit.Initially I set up all of my email accounts on this phone, but the quantity of mail I receive makes it impractical to pick them all up here as Tracfone charges .3 minutes for every message.  It was going to be expensive when I was away from my house.  Now I'm picking up only my business mail and that works great! The message here is the phone of capable of multiple email accounts but you might not want to do that for cost reasons.There are very good instructions on the internet for setting up the features and importing documents.  I've downloaded a couple of applications, but the java apps are much slower than what I was used to with the iPhone.  So I haven't much use for those.Over all I'm thrilled to be saving a lot of money this year with very little inconvenience.

The instructions are really lacking and when I called customer service it takes 20 minutes to talk to a person and then they don't speak English. The screen is too small and layout and programs don't make sense.If you use a phone a lot or want to send pictures or  high use this phone is not for you the minutes will cost more.

bought this for my daughter and she really loves it. Lots of things to explore on and takes great pictures. thanks

Lots of features for a tracfone phone.  Never thought I'd have a use for a camera in a phone but it has come in handy several times

internet is far from desirable but as a phone it is very good.I am not a power phone user like most so it fills the bill.

Even though it's not technically a smart phone, it does most everything a smart phone does.  Connects to the internet either through my wireless router at home or through my phone service.  Easy to set up and to get up and going.  Camera is fairly weak, but I have a dedicated camera for pictures, so that's really not a big negative.  It's plenty good enough for emergency pictures.  Battery life is excellent and triple minutes can't be beat.

See my other more recent review for more details. I am very happy with this phone and tracphone plan too.

I own one and bought this one for my granddaughter.  It's perfect for her - can't get into too much trouble since her parent's control the minutes and it doesn't have a data package.

It's a pretty good phone for the money.  I did have trouble with the phone showing &#34;SIM card inactive&#34; and I couldn't turn it on a few times.  I don't know why this happens from time to time.  I got zero service in parts of southern Illinois, though.

I'm so happy  I bought it, what an amazing deal. Everything works fine, I will be keeping this phone for quite sometime.

I had a tracfone for over ten years, it was a flip phone and i was happy with it. But now i can get pics of my grandson and getting triple min. is great to still learning all the things on the phone. I like that the screen is not as touchy as my husbans smart phone I don't hang up on someone if I get to close to my face.

Keys are too sensitive to the touch, also phone is too slippery, too heavy.Many times it dial by itself in my pocket.

triple minutes are great  it is hard to find a protective cover and screen saver though  will recommed thistrac fone is a great company to use

the LG840G is an excellent phone for the money....the keyboard makes it easy to type texts and the screen is sensitive  to the touch...has everything from a tip calculator to storage for the MP3 player music...great phone before making the step to a smart phone....

I bought this phone as a gift to my sister. After a lot of research, I finally choose Tracfone, my sister does not talk or text a lot, so this is the way to save money, activation the phone really simple and quick( you do not have to pay activation fee like the other phone company charged!). The price I paid almost the same i could have paid at the other retailers, but at Amazon, I got extra 600 Minutes bonus. Thanks Amazon and Tracfone!  Tim.

good phone for the price,ive had tracfone for years and this is a replacement.it works just fine.i would recomend it to others.

this is my first tracfone and so far everything is going well.  the supplied owners manual was basic and mostly accurate.  The touch screen works very well in spite of my giant fingers.  Screen is bright.  Settings are easy to navigate and change. On the negative side, it doesn't survive low level drops without exploding in three directions. (back cover, battery, phone).  A protective case would  take care of that problem, which brings up the other problem.  I can't find a case for this phone!  I'd read other reviews stating this fact but I didn't believe they tried hard enough to find one.  I can find a generic case that requires you to remove the phone to use but this doesn't protect it from my clumsiness.

A prepaid trac phone card is $40.00 so the phone cost is less than $20.00. Great value. Had it for a month now & I love it. I mostly use the camera to send pics to my daughter who is away at school. Nice phone, Nice features, Easy to use.

Just what I expected.  Did take a couple more days than I expected but who knows anymore about delivery in small places.  Am satisfied with the product.  This was a replacement for a damaged one so was without a phone while waiting for new one. Have had a small issue with turning it off, but that could be me not pushing just right on the on/off bar with my big mits. Would like availability of adding a couple of aps like online banking but it wasn't designed for that.My experience with TracFone customer service is is by far the worst that I have ever encountered.  The people are nice but they can't do anything and the worst is that after taking four or five times to long to get anywhere and you end up paying for every minute of this time unless you also have a land line then it only costs you the wasted personal time.  Just pray your phone works perfectly and you have no need for their customer service.. It cost me for 450 plus minutes to get my phone number from my damaged phone saved to the new phone.  And finally I got to a tech rep that knew what he was doing for after sending a new sim card took less than 10 minutes to resolve.

I purchased this phone mostly to have a few bells & whistles (wi-fi, video player/recorder mp3 player) and not have to get a smartphone. Smartphones are essentially tiny pc(s) that run on an operating system. This is everything shy of that, no operating system, hence NOT a smartphone. It does play mp3s & mp4 compression rate video. It is not advertised as such but will in fact act as a video player for unencrypted files with the MPEG4 standard @29fps/30fps w/ a 320x240 compression ratio. In lay terms: rip your movies to unencrypt them and use a conversion program to achieve the parameters previosly listed and you can have a video library of your favorite ripped movies or shows. You can expand your sdhc card upto 32gbs! It works out great and as a media player is awesome, making the phone a wothwhile purchase as a media player alone. It has a few quirky things about its operational use- but as a product it outshines nearly all previous Tracfone models in terms of quality and specs. For $30 on Amazon right now, its worth having as simply a spare phone witha kick@ss media player.

This phone is much nicer than the last one I had, I can do quite a bit more with it.

I bought this phone because I wanted to upgrade my tracfone.  It had great reviews, so I really didn't regard the few one star reviews.  However, I only had this phone one day and am returning it.  Watch out for &#34;Data Restriction 36&#34;!  Look it up on Google and you will discover many, many people who bought this phone only to have this error message displayed on the screen.  I could not send pictures nor could I go on the internet.  I called tracfone to ask to have the error message removed and they were not helpful.  The woman said that I could only send pictures or use the internet when the phone said &#34;home&#34;.  If it roams at all, then these features are useless.  Save your time and money.

not a smart phone, more of a semi-smart phone.  very nice keyboard; good mp3 player; bluetooth works well.  triple minutes is really terrific.  wifi is very convenient, especially since some major bigbox stores have it:  easy to compare prices while in the store.  screen isn't high fidelity, but is adequate.  given the low price of this phone, it's really hard to criticize anything.  i bought mine around christmas, bundled witha 200-minute card, all for $60.  the 200-min. card alone sells for $40!  this deal is no longer available, but i've seen 400-minute or 1-year bundles.  all in all, a very nice inexpensive phone.

I used to pay 80-100 per month for t-m and now 600 minutes cost @49 [200 min card.] For me that lasts two months.There is limited email and internet.  I do not use the phone for that much. It will charge you into the .001 minutes for internet use.Texting cost .5 minutes each way.Battery life for me is over three days per charge.The size of the keys looks small, but their bubble top shape allows even my big fingers to work them easily.The size and weight of the phone is small and light.  A loss factor, so buy two!Volume of ringer is ok, not super loud.  If you need super loud....Have not used my blue tooth with it yet, but it has that too.

THE BATTERY WILL NOT HOLD A CHARGE, A STRONGER BATTERY NEEDS TO BE USED. BATTERY LIFE APPROX 6 HOURS , THEN YOU HAVE TO PUT IT ON CHARGE

For a little over $50, I got a pretty good phone for what I need and minutes thru the middle of August.  I hardly text, and prefer a desktop for most of the time on line so I don't need a lot of data.

After using a &#34;smartphone&#34; on a family plan for several years and paying what amounted to be about $200 a month (along with 2 family members) I decided I didn't really use a phone that much after all. My total voice minutes amounted to an average of 100 minutes a month or less (text was almost non-existent) and I was using the smartphone for web browsing and email checking when I was already at home or in an area that had wifi.So I &#34;cut the cord&#34; and took my phone off the family plan and saved about $40 a month right off the top!This phone is the one that makes Tracfone viable because I can use it to check email or web surf (a little crudely implemented software, hence the 4 stars instead of 5) either on wifi OR through Tracfone (where it cost me minutes).The phone has some useful &#34;apps&#34; like alarm clock and calendar. You can text with it (each text in or out costs you a third of a minute). The camera is only 2 megapixels so I only expect to use it in a pinch.I have had this for about a month and used about 100 minutes so I am very happy with my decision. I let my budget dictate what I want to spend on phone use and this is the best thing going for my needs. I suspect there are plenty of people out there who don't use a lot of voice minutes or texting (or only use it &#34;because it's there&#34;) and could save a LOT of money.

A simple phone to understand and use. The Wi-Fi works with ease. Tracfone has a good thing going on !!!!

Excellent basic phone. Light weight and easy to use. Would recommend to any one looking for a simple attractive cell phone.

The phone is easy to use.  Triple minutes are a great value.  The phone holds a charge longer. I love it.

My husband and I bought two of these phones and the covers to go with them.Although, the was no sound to the phones and they were returned.Had the phones had sound, I'm sure that we would have enjoyed them.

Item shipped very fast in excellent condition. My niece loves her new phone.....and getting triple minutes for life was a XTRA BONUS!!!! THANK YOU

Replaced broken LG 800 with the 840.  Good improvement.  Steps to LOCK the phone - not just the screen- - could be shortened to eliminate the necessity of entering the security password, or made optionally automatic based on an idle time setting.

I bought this phone for my daughter. She loves it most of the time but just like any touch phone they sometimes don't do what you want. Overall, it has great capabilities and no monthly plan

I purchased this phone for my son to replace his go phone.  Great phone he uses it all the time.  He loved it.

A great little phone.  Browser works when using WIFI or when using minutes.  For the price I like it plus you get minutes.

What can i say...great value for the buck...im not a cell phone junkie, I haven't had a cell phone for over 5 years,i just want a peace of mind when i was stranded on the turnpike at 730pm...Im a firm believer...&#34;less is more&#34;. This is a simple way to communicate. not to mention the ease of setting up the phone...I am looking at Ting.com for switching my wifes phone over for half the money..Thx for listening/reading...JIms

Needed a pay as you go phone for travel, had to leave corportate Blackberry behind.  This had all the phone, speaker phone and text and email capabilities needed, at times got better signal than others nearby.  Does cost more to surf the internet browser, so that was used sparingly. Texting rquired a litte dexterity, thinking you typed one letter but touchpad sensors illustrated the letter next to desired one.  Battery life excellent.  Reduce minutes charged for web browsing and this would be excellent phone rating.

This is a great phone with a nice size screen and a ton of features for the price.  I would recommend it to anyone!

First, I'm not a &#34;write a review&#34; type guy.  However, I'm so very pleased with this phone & plan it led me to writing this.  After researching several phones & plans, picked the LG 840G through Amazon with Tracfone plan.  I'm pretty sharp, but not your hi tech type guy either.  Couldn't possibly be more pleased!My needs: having a laptop, web searching wasn't a priority, although it does that well too.  I reside in a poor reception area based on previous plans and visitors commenting the same. Didn't want constant monthly expenditures & didn't want to spend $600 for a phone.  Didn't want something I had to call my adult &#34;kids&#34; asking how does one do XXX?  Well, certainly got what I wanted and more!  So what did I get?First, got the phone in two days. It has great reception, voice clarity even when on the road, is sharp looking and very easy to use.  Txting & all programs are a snap.  Amazon has the same phone for $30 with $20 for a 60 minute Tracfone card, but also has a $49.99 option with phone, charger, manual (very clear) and 600 minutes with triple lifetime minutes!  Tracfone applies 90 days before needing to purchase more minutes & rolls over unused minutes beyond the ninety.  That was such a no brainer and as I said, couldn't possibly be more pleased. The touch screen is great.  Have had it seven days and after initial charge, battery still reading full and love'n the phone more every day.  Sure the camera could have 3 MP instead of two; a flash instead of none, but it takes great pic.s and I do photography as a hobby.  Phone came with a 2GB card installed and compatible with up to a 32 GB card.  Life is good!!!

My grand daughter was so happy to receive  this phone for her birthday.  She thanked me three  times after opening the package.

Do not buy if you plan to use it with Lincoln or Ford Sync. Tracfone or LG could care less! No where on the packaging did it mention the Bluetooth only works on certain applications.

Love this phone . Read all the reviews and this little phone is awesome.  I actually could of purchased a smart phone.. however I could not justify it.  This is very close to a smart phone. Delivery was fast and product was just as pictured and described at an amazing price.

For some reason, I ordered this phone 2x on Tracfone site, and they kicked the order out of their system due to some address thing--I don't really know--so I came to Amazon and got the same phone for a better price--I got the phone and the house charger and a 200 minute card that equaled 600 minutes on the phone.  You need to buy several screen protectors--the first one I messed up putting it on--it's a big deal-to have it dust free and keep it scratch free. The second screen/glare protector scratched while I was learning to open the phone-so I need a couple more-You also need a soft gel type case for the phone to protect it. I got a nice one on Amazon.My  wish is that they had a promo code for use on Tracfone site.Also the camera in this phone is great-but the directions in the booklet are just how to turn it on--so if you are like me, new to the tech world you might need someone to show you advanced features. I never have figured out how to get the speed dial numbers off my front page! I found a box to put them on there, but no idea (even asked Tracfone rep) how to get them OFF.

I only have one complaint about this phone.....I have had a very hard time with getting the mp3 player to work, but other than that I LOVE IT!

Very happy with this phone upgrade. Very easy to use and understand for all of us old farts who remember when the phone was attached to the wall with a cord and had a rotary dial.

I started off with lg800g model and found that model very frustrating to use.  I was leary of trying this one, as it is more than twice the cost of the lg800g model.  But now that I have this beautiful phone, I love it. It is well worth the extra money. and this deal is great bundled with the 600 minutes.  The touch screen on this one is larger and more responsive. this model much more user friendly, very easy to set up, very easy to use.  highly recommend this model.

I would give it 5 stars if it had any form of actual automatic locking that really locked the phone and not just the screen.  I found a way to make it &#34;good enough&#34; for me, which is to manually lock it after every use, but it wouldn't be secure enough if I was using it for sensitive emails (or any emails).It's not android, it's not the best phone ever, it's not an iPhone, but I didn't really use most of those feature on those things.Given the pricing of tracfone and my new usage pattern, it will be about the same per YEAR as my last carrier was for 2 months (even counting the phone purchase against this year).

i dont need all the bells and his little phonewhisals, but needing a smart phone is one of the servises i need. i bought my mother one and i love it! wifi when you need it, (if avalable). but the tripple minnits keep you in touch when on the go. for the price, this little phone is awsome!!!

Quick shipping and great price. Can't beat the triple minutes. Battery holds good charge. Great for texting and the size is perfect to fit in your pocket.

It met all my expectations however it is too touch sensitive when scrolling for contacts. Otherwise it's reliable and fun to play with. I recommended it to my sister and she got one also.

We purchased this phone for my daughter. It is easy to use and works great! It is also very easy to load Tracfone minutes as well!

It is easy to use and I am now just learning how to  text, now my children think I am getting with it.  It is nice if you only have a small item to tell about.  Love the camera too, takes a good picture to send out.

I decided to upgrade my simple Trac phone.  I am glad I did.  So far, I really like the LG 840G.  I haven't used the browser too much yet.  It seems to cost me any time I touch it.  Truthfully, the only thing I don't like about the LG is the fact that it is very &#34;touchy&#34;.  Without the old fashion flip phone, every time I seem to touch it, something is activated.  I have back spaced a lot.

I got this phone last week, so far it has been working better than I expect. It has everything I need and helps me save so much $$. Text message costs 0.3 each plus triple minute function, I am very happy about my phone. I strongly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a update of their tracfones.

The phone is nice looking and has a lot of nice features. My main complaint (Buyers be ware) is that when you call someone, it will deduct 1 whole minute for each call after the 2nd ring, when none answers or no voice mail!!! Also, incoming calls deduct a whole minute or more. It would be nice if Tracfone only deducts you 0.3 minutes for calls that none answers, as long as it the call is less than 30 seconds or 20 seconds.Also, when you text, keep it short and simple, and it will deduct 0.3 minutes. Longer messages it will deduct 0.6 minutes and messages with pictures will deduct a whole minute or two.To get the best of your money: don't call other people you know won't answer (because they are working or at a doctor appointment), and don't have people call you, because all of the above deducts a whole minute or more. This kind of defeats the purpose of having a prepaid cell phone, even for those of us that use it very limited. I will probably get into a whole plan in a matter of months. Just wanted to advice new buyers.

I bought this to replace a lg800 and Im glad I did. Its faster, clearer and fun to play with til I find out all the things it does. I don't use the phone for calling but the Wi-Fi feature is great. I can turn on my router and go online. Nice

This phone supports all the essential mobile communications needs, but it doesn't seem to make selfies easy nor to have a large video sending capacity. Otherwise, it's great. The 600 mins. are added via the enclosed 200 mins. card, which gets tripled when applied.

I put off getting a smart phone forever (monthly bills).  I am so glad Tracfone offers something close to a &#34;smart&#34; phone that falls under the prepaid arena.  I like the wi-fi aspect, but don't use the browser when it's not available.  The triple minutes is great.My friends think I've finally made it into the 21st Century.

This is NOT an iPhone, but it is a significant upgrade over the LG800.  This one has integral Wi-Fi and 3G capabilities.  Activation is fuss-free - typical of Tracfone.  For those who want a basic phone with just a few extras, this fills the bill.  ADDED: Since writing the review, I have discovered that this phone DOES NOT WORK WITH FORD SYNC. The two systems seem to talk to each other but the phone drops the SYNC connection frequently and does not allow the phone to be used handsfree even when the connection appears to be operating.  I still like the phone, but this is a design/programming problem that reduces the phone's value for me.

This was an accidental order.  Nothing wrong with this product...I returned it and my account was credited immediately.  Thank You!

I was puzzled about WIFI not working so I did some googling and discovery. Here is what worked for me:Hit Wifi buttonTurn Wifi on (blue button lit up)Should recognize your personal network then turn it on (blue button lit up)Hit your personal network button (mine was belkin) and scroll down. Enter requested info: Security Code, IP/DNS Setting (change this setting from AUTOMATC to STATIC), IP Addy, Subnet Mask, Default Gateway and Primary DNS.The IP Addy, Subnet Mask, Default Gateway & Primary DNS can be found by going to your device (computer, tablet etc.) that already connects to your wifi. Go start menu. In the run box type cmd (enter) black screen comes up type ipconfig/all (enter)All the info you need is THERE!!! Type it into your phone.Pls NOTE::::: The IP Addy needs to be changed. The last number should be increased by one number for example if the last number is 5 change it to 6. I continued to get a "unknown host" in the browser until I did that! Why? don't ask, it works!Once all info is input save and go to the browswer to get out on internet. MAKE SURE THE BLUE WIFI SIGNAL IS ON BEFORE YOU HIT THE BROWSER!!!! Otherwise you will be charged minutes. To date I have not been charged anything - LOVE IT!Another thing I encountered while on the internet is that my fav pages wouldnot load because they were to big. I downloaded Opera Mini7.1 which provided me a much better internet browsing experience. I've checked my yahoo mail, browsed the internet with ease and success. I'm no computer guru so if IIIII can figure this out ANYONE can. With that said I encourage yall to try this or use your own discovery methods to see if you can get your personal wifi working with this phone. You might be pleasantly surprised.I'm currently looking to find out about directly streaming from radio stations. If anyone comes up with a soluction, pls share. I'm sorry for the length of this post, but I wanted to share the success and of course I know others would have done the same! T.

I got this phone to replace my old phone.  And I love it.  I live in a rural area with lots of hills and valleys (southwestern OH) and I haven't been anywhere yet that I don't get service.  I haven't downloaded any apps other than what came with the phone but so far I haven't needed to.  I also got the 1 yr service and 400 minute card so I got a total of 1800 minutes and 15 months of service so for the price, there was no way I could go wrong.PROSThe display is nice and big.The minutes/expiration date can be turned on/off-which I likeIt takes great pics for a cell, actually they are greatThe sound quality of the phone is awesomeWho doesn't want triple minutes?The apps are extremely easy to maneuver aroundDifferent volume settings for msgs and phone - my other phone didn't have thatCONSHaven't found anything about it that I don't like yet.I definitely recommend this phone.

A nice upgrade to my former LG800..Larger screen, moves around with better efficiency, slim and easier to read.Over all Thumbs up for now despite still on a learning curve.

I love this phone.  It's easy to use.  Large enough to see and use with ease but small enough to fit in my purse/ pocket.  Also love the camera.

I'm only giving this three stars as I haven't really used it yet.  Received it on Sat. and have spent two days trying to set up email.  I have entered my address book, which was easier than on my previous flip tracfone.  I have changed my wallpaper to a personal picture.  I've only tried the browser once and it didn't find my wifi.  I'll try again after I get my email setup.  My main reason for upgrading the phone was the email, but so far after numerous tries, I haven't been able to receive or send an email.  I have AT&T;/Yahoo mail.  I copied all of the server info, etc. from my computer email setup, but it still doesn't work.  Does anyone have the magic formula to make my email work?rI love the look and feel of the phone and with the gel cover, it looks like a "real" expensive phone. I know I'll be happy with it once the email gets working.HELP!  Thanks.

I love this phone.  It absolutely exceeded my expectations!  I love the feature that the keyboard is turned off after 30 seconds to insure you don't make any unexpected calls.  This is my first phone of this style and I highly recommend it for first time users.

After trying to set my phone change phone # I find out that I did not have any sound no ringtones no voice mail call tracfone  and they can't help me so now I'm  waiting for a new phone,and do not have any service NOT VERY HAPPY..

You can't beat this deal works great bundled with minutes big savings a lot better than my old flip track phone

I needed to get a new cell phone and decided to go with this one on recommendation of a friend. It's the "poor-man's smart phone", and TracFone doesn't lock you into contracts- which is really great. Pay as you go with 90 days of service when you purchase a minutes card, and your minutes roll over! This one comes with a 200 minute card($40 value on its own), which triples upon activation to 600 minutes... and if you activate online, be sure to "google" TracFone promo codes as you will get extra minutes! I got 80 extra minutes with the code I found!I don't know how much I will use the internet and wi-fi, but it's nice to have it there if I need it. It has lots of different ring and alarm tones, takes pics and vids(low quality- only 2.5 megapixels), and you can make voice recordings. You can also add music to it, and it will accept up to a 32GB memory card(comes with a 2GB card). Lots of fun features at a very good price.So far, I don't have any complaints about the phone itself. I would recommend getting some sort of protective case or wallet to keep it in nice condition.On the downside... TracFone's customer service is absolutely horrible. If you ever have to call them, expect the following: call center is in another country; you'll have to repeat your problem numerous times; you'll speak to more than one person and repeat the problem to each one of them. Don't use your cell phone to do this as you will end up being on it for 30 minutes to 2 hours- I kid you not. I finally had to call their escalation center to get a very simple issue resolved, and in my book, that is simply unacceptable. Make sure you tell them you want minutes added to your phone for the inconvenience, and they will most likely do it.The other thing that kind of stinks with Tracfone is that you can't make cell-to- cell calls to ALL countries as of yet- in fact, I don't think you can call Great Britain at all. Also, their "International Neighbors" service is available only for Mexico. If you just want your cell phone for local calls and calls within the U.S., it's perfectly fine.Other than that, I am happy with the product.One last thing...please remember to be responsible and don't text/talk and drive!  :)

i knew it wasn't going to be the best phone ever but I was ok because it was just an emergency phone I take with me.. well what was the deal breaker for me was when I tried to sent  a message it isn't like a normal touch screen keyboard.. its like the old school phones when you messaged you would have to hit the same key to get the letter you want then another key several times getting the next letter of the word.. this is very time consuming and an inconvenience when in a hurry. I am very unhappy with this phone and wound up getting another one.

I cannot access my email . Getting on line is a hassle. A real disappointment. In this case you do not get what you paid for.

I love the phone. We purchased our first Tracfone last year. I was SOOO tired of the additional fees and taxes on every other phone plan and I never used all the minutes. My husband and I jumped into the Tracfone world last year with an LG800. Liked the phone, but now I needed to buy more minutes and for a little more money, we got the LG840G. Oh my God, we LOVE it. Great upgrade! The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because they need to have a protective case that fits it. This is a big disappointment, but not enough to regret our purchase. Love the size of the screen and the ease of use. Well worth the money. I am now pay ing in a year, what I used to pay in a month for a cell phone. We are not techno geeks, and it is easy to use, very user friendly. We also get better reception on this phone. I would recommend  this to anyone.

The LG 840G (LG840G) does not have--and cannot be upgraded with--an application to block spam calls and messages. You can't even upgrade the phone by downloading a very simple application that permits you to block unwanted text messages. With the LG840G, whenever you get a text message, you have to open it and read it before you can determine who it is from. If it is a spam message, you have no way of blocking that person (or spam robot) from sending you more spam text messages.Most phones do come with the ability to recognize who is sending you a text message, and the ability to block messages from unknown contacts. In fact, the previous version of Trac Phone (the LG 800G) actually DID have a feature that permits recognition of who a text message is from, and the ability to block phone numbers from unknown contacts (spammers). My suspicion is that TracFone deliberately did not add a text message blocking feature for the LG840G because they do not want you to be able to block spam calls and messages. This missing basic feature will cost you a lot of wasted air time answering calls or opening text messages to see who they are from--only to find out it is another spam. Moreover, such an application is very simplistic and would be a very simple add-on application for a a Java programmer to write. But since this basic application is (STILL) not a feature of this phone, it is probably an intentional way for TracPhone to rip off people who own the LG840G by permitting them to receive countless spam calls and messages.Too bad that TracFone does not sell a Android smartphone that can have air time replenished by buying airtime cards. Smartphones with the Android are very popular because teh Android operating system permits access to thousands of FREE applications to download. Many people would drop their contracted monthly subscriber phones for a smart phone that can be replenished with air time cards.

Thought I was getting triple minutes on the 600, but I really only got it on 200 minutes. Kind of misleading title. I but everything else was great, fast shipping!

I had a LG800 that started to not work very well and I needed a replacement phone from Tracfone. I researched several phones that would keep my triple minutes option. I read reviews on several sites including Amazon. The touch screen is a bit sensitive but overall I am very pleased with this phone.

I purchase 2 of these and both failed within a few weeks. Save your money and buy a better phone. How this is sold to people is beyond me. Should be taken off the market.

Ordered this on the 12/16 and received it today 12/18.  I like this phone it is perfect for an 11 year old little girl.  I was so excited I let her have it before Christmas.  the only complaint I have is the tracfone website wasn't working.  I could not register my phone on the site for some unknown reason.  I had to call.  Once it was set up all is well.  My daughter is happy to have here early Christmas present.  It was an upgrade from her old phone which she refereed to as her remote lol!!  the features and functions work well.  Just right for a child.

The LG 840G has a good size screen to view messages, etc. It's easy to work and has many options. I would recommend this  phone to anyone using Tracfone services.

This phone works very well and seems to satisfy more than the basic phone services.  Decent battery life.  Reasonable service through Tracfone.

Bought to replace tracphone flip phone. great deal . Compared to buying minutes for my old phone , this phone is practically free when you get the triple minutes deal. Battery runtime is okay but not as good as the flip phone but does so much more similar to a smart phone.
