
This mobile phone looks cool, has a very nice design but some items are really weak for a cheaper price and they should be improved. For instance, the speaker is above the surface level bringing opportunity to break the soldering point. Other main problem is the quality of battery. Maybe a couple of bucks in price, and that phone is better

This phone looks nice, but is a piece of crap!!! I got this phone not even a month ago and it already dosent work. PLEASE DO NOT GIVE THESE PEOPLE YOUR MONEY YOU WILL BE UPSET! It dose what it wants I cant even download my apps on here. A WASTE OF MONEY PEOPLE !!!!!!!!

That cellphone is the best way for a person whos like their firts android, it's easy to use and have all aplication. the only problem were the time for receive, but I think that the problems were for the chritsmas time.

Just got this phone today and love it :) my only complaint is it doesnt really look like the picture my phone is a rose pink and the buttons on the side are silver not pink also there are no extra circle things by the ear peice it is just the ear peice . They should put up a picture of the actuall cellphone but besides that the camera is awesome it immeditaly accepted my tmobile sim card and memory chip. Battery life lasts for hours. When i call its crystal clear . For sure took a leap of faith considering all the bad reveiws but i think it was worth it :) oh and internet speed is good as well am using this phone to type this reveiw.

You guys did not sent me the pink and white phone you sent me the white one and i pa&iacute;d for the pink one

I didn't like the phone period it wasn't what I was expecting.  and all your calls don't come through.  very disappointed in this product

such a headache, not worth the problems or the money. do not buy, you'll thank me when you find out u saved your money

It is good value for money.Would recommend as a simple android phone which is exactly what we needed. bbb

This phone is not good. It does not get very good service, cannot send or receive picture messages. Freezes on a regular basis. No space at all.

Bought  this as a replacement phone for my teen daughter. She tried it for a couple of days to use it then just gave up. So slow she would rather just go without a phone. Zero phone was better than this one.

Horrible phone. The battery is terrible, the screen is terrible. There is absolutely nothing about this phone. Please, don't buy this crap.

I can barley hear people on the phone when they call , I never get service where I go and my battery is always dying I wasted my money

the phone will not download any apps and o cant hear wen i talk to people so dont get this fone

this phone is terrible the camera quality is pixelated, its slow, earphones does not work on it, it freezes often and incoming calls wont come through

Well this phone is okay but i didnt like how the camera was working. Sometimes the phone stopped working for a few seconds and I was hating that! I didnt find a case for this phone so that pissed me off.... I hope you guys like it because in my personal opinion I didnt .. I know it is really cheap but I didnt like it.

Love the phone! Hate i had tp spend mpre money to make it a straighht talk phone but it was worth it :)

Do not order, you'll be better off going to the store. It's very light weight & has a cheap feel. It loses messages and does not display your last incoming calls. I also could not connect to the internet or recieve picture mail. It looks like a Galaxy but it works like a $20 flip phone.

i didnt get a manual -_-  and i dont hav fourteen more words required for this thing so whatever ok

It's an average phone, I think what you get is fair for the price. It comes with two batteries, enough for a full day.The display has good quality but low resolution (which could be improved, but it's ok basic usage).If you want to install more than 2 or 3 apps, you must buy an SD card.

i like this phone alot u can do alot of things on it where ever u go , You can download alot of things on it , so great

I hated this phone... its slow and just a knock off android... Stop selling this phone having people think its a galaxy . I demand my money back.. Im serious

Drop calls and turns off so I don't receive incoming calls.This annoys my customers and make its difficult for me to operate in my business.

Nice but slow network needs more improvement size is good color is good just fix network problems and it will be a good phone

Foreign inappropriate images show up on my sons phone, occasionally will only keep person on the line for 23 seconds. A lot of problems. more cons than pros.

I ordered these phone for my kid's and myself for Xmas.  I didn't get them until way after.. It drops calls a lot, it also shot down on u by itself and I can barely on it.. It was very disappointing product... I'm not a happy camper at all...

It freezes all the time and im always getting force close all the time too its not a good phone

this cellphones after the first day they start to give problems plus they contain lithium on the battery and if you try to return the equipment they don't want to taket it back and if they do after 20 day they complain of not receive the equipment and you loose your money .

I thought when purchasing this phone that I got a good deal and I didn't expect for it to be perfect. But what I got was really bad. I could never get signal and the touch screen stopped working about 5 hrs after I took it out of the box. Though they quickly reimbursed me, I'd rather have a great phone! I would suggest to follow the rest of us who have said this phone sucks and DON'T GET IT!

As an Android phone it works, but the quality of sound is poor and couldn't connect to the computer. I feel that its cost should be lower.

It took a while to get here but the phone is great and one thing I kinda don't like is the front face camera the color is not good

I absolutely hate this phone. Only had it for 2 weeks before I couldn't take it anymore gave the phone to my to 2 yr old and bought me the Lumina!! DONT BUY THIS PHONE UNLESS YOU WANT TO WASTE YOUR MONEY!

I got this phone for my 17bday year old daughter Ive called every provider and not one can activate it its a 2g phone it looks good but is NO good nothing i can do with it at all.

total junk. continues to freeze constantly. rebooted whole phone a few times. have never been so dissapiunted. how do I send it back??? doesn't hold any apps. not even facebok! don't buy this...

This phone had minor issues from the moment I took it out of the box! Initially, the signal quality was poor, calls dropped, and the in call volume was really really bad. However, those issues I was willing to deal with but it got worse! The &#34;ear piece&#34; that was provided broke within the first two weeks, literally fell apart. The only way to have a halfway decent conversation was while the phone was on speaker and that got increasing worse to hear or be heard. The screen froze a few times and then it became constant, I was taking the battery out 10+ times a day to restart it. The screen would go a blank white and stay that way until again, I had to take the battery out. Often, while trying to send a text the keyboard would get stuck and not even come up on the screen in it's entirety. Then it began to turn itself off, all day long! The worst part is, I contacted the seller 7 days after the 30 day magic time frame and the seller did not try and resolve the issue AT ALL. The only response I got was basically was oh well it's been more than 30 days... REALLY? What horrible business! To add insult to injury, I filed a claim with Amazon, thinking that they are such an upstanding a reputable site that they would surely help me with this issue and make things right. Well, WRONG! Amazon basically said the same thing, oh well you should have contacted the seller sooner! WOW, all I can say is I will never use Amazon again. Stick with the brand name cell phones and make sure that all issues beyond your control happen within the all important &#34;30 day&#34; time frame. Interesting how that poorly made piece of equipment lasted just long enough to alleviate the seller and Amazon of all responsibility...

The phone is been great for a day, it does everything that it had said, comes nicely with 2 battery, car charger, and a charger. Came in 2 week even though it said a month. Overall it a good descent phone.

I hate it. It does not take pictures all the time. it also is a very slow phone. I will be looking for a new phone within the next week. I have T-Mobile and this phone is not what I expected. I will never by another generic phone again.

phone did not work anywhere. Would never buy this again. Had to buy another one that actually would make calls.

its not charging and when fully charged the charge does not last very long it also doesnt let me download and open my picture mail via text message

This item was not as good as I thought it would be a lot of the features on the phone did not work.

As a phone,it was ok,sound was great.The keyboard kept switching to a different language.Camera was great! The one thing I really was disappointed and had to return as that it wouldnt work with tmobil and allow to send a text message with a photo.

Supposidly its some kind of foreign ph0one?? I couldn't find anyone to turn it on as if it was a demo phone

Can someone tell me if the phone will work in trinidad cause it says gsm and some people in different countries cannot use it.

The lesson I've learned is DON'T BUY ANY GENERIC PHONE!  So many issues that I don't know where to start... it all started with the battery.  After having the phone for only two weeks that battery power began to deplete.  Charge only lasted a little over an hour. Then the phone started freezing ...and the list just goes on.  Spend a little more money folks, it will be worth it in the long run!!!

I would like to have a Smart phone because they fun to play with and having a smart phone is fun.

this phone is very confusing. i cant figure out how to get everything from my sim card to the phone. it says the sim cards not present !

The phone doesn't work very well and the screen freezes up a lot. It takes over 8 hours to fully charge. It did not meet my expectations.

when I bought this phone back in February for my boyfriend it said it was unlocked but come to find out it is not unlocked and the carrier will not be able to unlock it so I am not sure what to do with it bc he cant send or receive picture messages or get on line when he has service

I bought this phone for my daughter. The phone works good but she don't like the fact that she can not play the games that she download. Every time she download a game and open it and try to play, it always force close.

Don't buy this phone is a fluke, it stopped working after 3 weeks, it also ran out of space on the first week and that was before sound any asps, and there was no way to clear the memory from that popping on

the phone is not worth it i got mine less then 2 week cool but open it it was a use phone i got pic of women all in it and then i clear pic but now it wouldn't get signal tried to different sim and it still did work

this phone is great works fine and my daughter can't put it down. Always on facebook. She likes it alot

When i went to get this phone connected they told me it is a replica (false,Fake) and it wont last long, i wanted my mom to have a simple phone yet not antic like her lol , but i was disappointed to hear that no one would connect this phone, metro deny me the guy from simple explain to me why it will be a waste of money and i ended up getting her tmobile prepaid for her and plaid more money on a better smart phone i will not recommend read all the specs before buying a phone here

At first I was a bit worried I wouldn't like it after seeing the comments people put of it not working that good but I could honestly say it works PERFECTLY ! &#60;3

The phone is slow beyond belief. My original 386 with the turbo button ran faster. You want mine? I'll give you the piece of....

Bad operating system. Sometime is hang. The original company is from china. It's too difficult to contact. At last they didn't pay back the expense for sending the telephone back. Just only the price of telephone.

i locked myself out of the phone and one here knows how to unlock it or reset it.  i have tried everything and i been on youtube nothing seems 2 work

Slow performance cpu, poor lcd and camera quality. It worked for 5 days now you can hardly establish a conversation with too much interference, like a walkie talkie. Bought it for a gift sent to another country. Could not return.

Need to return this phone it is not as big like a note I need to seen this phone back

This is a android 1.0 the first android in like 09-10 this is a piece if crap, don't give it a bad rating just because its years old, this was pretty good back then, but now we have phones like the iPhone, or galaxy s4 so don't judge...

I gave this phone as a gift to my fried abroad, it's her primary phone and uses it with yahoo, viber and skype, she loves. it's been 8-9 months and not a single problem.

I was out of the country for a couple of months. My family was still at home and I never received the phone. they sure took the money from my bank. I have contacted them a couple of time and have had no response. DO NOT buy from them.....

The OS is fake this product is a china made misleading android 2.3 or even 4.1 UI it is fake

the keyboard is a bit unresponsive at times, and doesn't always type what i want it to. the wifi doesn't always connect, even if i'm right next to the router, and the camera kinda sucks, but it's just a phone camera. i've charged the battery completely, and it drains pretty fast, but i haven't been able to figure out how to close apps. it runs android, but not as well as an actual s4 mini does. the funny part is that it came in a box that said s4 mini, a very nice quality box, but the back was written in broken english, with the text all squished together. nice try. it did come with everything that it said was included, though, and was carefully bubble wrapped and sealed for shipping. if i knew how to mess around with the software, it would probably be a decent phone, but right out of the box, it kinda sucks.

On this phone the battery drains really fast and is unable to send and receive picture text. Sometimes phone keeps restarting.

THIS PHONE HAS VERY POOR SIGNAL,VERYYYY SHORT BATTERY LIFE,CANT CONNECT TO WIFI.....AN TOUCH ABILITY STINKS!!!!O AN CANNOT SEND OR RECEIVE PICTURE MESSAGES WOULD NOT RECOMMEND FOR EVEN MY 8 YR OLD DAUGHTER!!!!

worst thing ever, i drop it with a case on it and cracked the screen in a week. crappy bs

i received the phone in 3 days, brand new from prime. had a few minutes to set up phone but it worked for T-MOBILE. Had to adjust to have the internet work, wi fi was easy to set up. everything worked except i have a problem getting my contact phone numbers to transfer. still working on that. great deal for the price. it's like a mini samsung S4.updated. the battery sucks bad. it comes with 2 but i suggest to get a upgraded battery and also figure out how to get your contact numbers to transfer on t mobile.

This is of the worst crappy phone ever on Amazon, i bought one I dumped it myself in bucket of water. Nothing with it works, I do not want to advice anyone to put a dollar in that crap at all. Amazon should ban this seller on the site. The worst thing you cannot send it back. It frozen every second because of lack of memory even with a 8 gigs free memory inserted.

This phone runs out of battery in 3 hrs. In just 1 day, it ran out of memory. It looks and feels very nice, but its junk.

I like this phone it's great better than other one I had. I love it. I really recommend this phone to anyone.

And the internet takes ages. at least it looks like a cool phone but the glass is cheap and still cant believe it happened

The touch screen for texting always go into hiding mode, hw do i fix this problem? And the phone memory is very limited, what size memory card is required?

The phone looks good on the outside, but performs very terrible, battery not good, and poor network. In my situation, i had to clibe a hill in order to get signal.

This phone is a waste of money and of  time. When my daughter received this after waiting about 3 months. Then after using it for about 15 minutes she noticed it had only about 40 MB of use for the phone; on top of this the camera was very poor quality. Also you will be very disappointed with how much it freezes. It can be rather annoying. So please make a smart choice of not getting this phone, getting a prepaid flip phone would be less  troubling and dull then this phone!

Really bad phone and the battery is even worse. The phone came with two battery's and both are junk phone is constantly shutting itself off.

I wouldn't recommend this phone. I didn't even activate it and I connected to my wifi and it was already not working. Telling me there was too many things in the phone already when i didn't even add a single contact yet.

I got this phone for my 10 yr old daughter. She loves the phone I went through the features before giving it to her I very much liked the phone thinking of ordering one for my self. One thing that I don't like about the phone is it loses charge so fast.  That why there is two batteries?

the item is working good for me.and my friends love it and would recommmend it to them and the website

I hate this kind of phone the people who made this phone lied to people that it is smart phone.its always losing network you can not download something; if some body call you, you do not understand each.

the battery life is poor crap. It is like the phone has to be constantly in the charger. It dies way too fast definitely wouldn't recommend

Had it for 2 weeks before I just gave up and purchased another phone.Shuts off, battery last only an hour, poor signal.Charge port becomes loose and you cant keep charger plugged into it.Its just crappy.It will work some what, but expect issues and problems.

this phone shut down so often I have to been charging the batteries every day, most of the  times it freeze, wondering if is because I am in Jamaica, probable it don't work well out side of it origin

it wont work like the other one I purchased and sent back.  I've sent back another phone with the same problem

i bought these phones because they were cheap and they worked great for the first month. then they started messing up the screen was hard to use, it would call dad when i pushed call mom. it would type &#34;hhhhhhhhhhiiiiiii&#34; when i typed hi. these are not very good phones but they work

it works great, but living in the rural area, it doesnt give a lot of signal strength. It is awesome though to pla y in my ride with the Bluetooth features. Its awesome with the internet though

Phone looks nice, but when spending money appearance isn't all. The battery life stinks, THE BATTERY LIFE STINKS, I dies within a few hours even when it's not in use, the volume is low when you're on a voice call, it plays loud music but come on, it's a phone not a juke box.I would not recommend anyone to buy this phone.HATE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I should have listened to everyone's horrible reviews for this phone. I needed a phone for a low price and it was such a waste of money. DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT buy this phone. You will regret it and it will be a waste of your time/money. I am sending the phone back immediately.

I was most relieved to find out that it actually worked because that was my biggest fear about this purchase. It's a nice cheap buy. The only thing I noticed was that it came in a box that read Samsung &#34;Galxay&#34;, which I thought was a bit tacky. I didn't purchase it with the idea that it was a Galaxy so I don't know why the seller felt the need to do that and then spell it wrong, but I won't hold it against the seller.

the camera sucks and it doesn't hold much but it was a good phone for a teen i could play pandora, fackbook, instagram but the camera really disappointed me

the phones camera no so great but otherwise  my daughter loves the phone. just wish I could find a good case for the android

The phone doesn't keep a charge or the service wasn't good. Thr phine is slow . But good for a kids just gettin a phone for tge the first time.

great phone love it also perfect size it really the same size of my old phone great choose thank you

The phone does not work at all am so disappointed ,can not answer or receive any calls,i have bought many phones in the past and this is the worst yet.

Finally I get the phone, it's great I use it with digitel currently in Venezuela, though the publication says it comes with two batteries but lie just brought a step and does not last long and I have to put a load up to 3 times a day.

Is this phone any good? I don't wanna buy it, if it sucks!!! Most people say it is. But idk y'all !!

product reached on set date  but just that batteries did not fit i,m satisfied do now i have to look for a set of batterries

The phone looks way better than I thought it would, it fits perfect with my personality. My only thing is which sim card do I purchase because it comes with two slots. Please help.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!! You will be very disappointed. Does not work. The box has some sort of oriental writing on the box.

it doesnt connect to WiFi, doesnt have alot of memory. my old phone was able to still download things. Though when i put my  memory card in this phone, it says my memory was too full AND it wont let me download any thing. Maybe i just dont know how to work it yet. The phone should come with an instrution book...

Defectuoso

this phone don't keep charge , it has no internal memory , bought an SD card and can't download  apps on there . waste of money and now i can't return it . DONT BUY THIS PHONE .

this phone is not compatible with most plans in the USA if you're not fluent in Chinese you have a very difficult I'm loading up dating me and accessing your phones database the phone is very outdated the technology is old in addition to that is very foreign there are no instruction manuals they do not take a regular SIM card and they are not compatible with most phone companies in the USA don't waste your money and don't waste your time

Stopping working and a very very hard time trying to find cases and covers to fit.  I like the phone when it did work.

At first I was worried about how it would operate, but after I received it I was quite surprised ! The only problem with it is the vulnerability hack that comes pre-installed. What you need to do is go to google play and download &#34;ussd mmi fix&#34;, and that should fix it ! Overall a very strong phone. Highly recommend

I just received the order last week. I was not satisfied due to the fact that I spent the whole day trying to work the phone. I have T-Mobile's famly plan. I took it to the electronic area to see if they could see what's wrong with it, I guess they didn't find a solution. Their only suggestion is to buy a 4GB to hold the memory. The picture quality is fine, but there is not enough internal memory to hold my pictures. I also put in 2GB (NEW) memory chip and it shows up &#34;storage system full.&#34;  I have read other people's review. There are different reasons to why the phone does not work well. I don't recommend this phone to anybody. Good luck!.

Lots of stupid Rom apps you'll never need. And OPera a slow browser that stinks and if you try to use explorer is sometimes said too long to fit. I think Internet explorer was sabotaged so to force you to use opera. And internal memory. Better have 4 favoride apps because that all it can handle. Always get LOW MEMORY. Oh well get what you pay.. So know its my Guinea pig going to try and root it and bootload it so I can flash a different or custom ROM they call it FRANKENSTIEN. And if I do that there goes my warranty and I might Brick it or kill it. So what lets see what frankentining it can do. I was looking for a patient I didn't care....GUESS WHATS IT CAN BE ROOTED VERY EASILY YOU MUST READ CHINESE. BUT NOW ITS A UBER PHONE !!!!!!!So buy it as is !!!! and its junk Root IT. its awesome i had a Ford Pinto type phone Stock. Now I have a Ferrari. With out paying a Ferrari price. But beware !!! No warranty and you could kill it..... But for the price I payed id risk it. The rewards are Fantastic. Ha Ha Ha !!!!!

I bought this phone it don't even work its a waist of money don't do it. don't do it  don't do it

not a good product, bad performance, bad audio, flash is poor, problem with the app, always has a android error, does not work google play app, it does not save your contact always error

My phone arrived in about two weeks. It's a very good-looking phone and all of it's features are cute. But just keep in mind you get what you pay for. The battery runs low pretty fast so it's best to figure out ways to preserve the power. I actually didn't think the user's manual that came with the phone was very informative. I had to learn a lot of things about it myself from just messing around. It's pretty sensitive to touch but once I set a lock on it I wasn't worried about it making any calls on it's own. It was easy to set up my phone with StraightTalk (my phone service). I think for the most part I like the phone, I'm really enjoying it's nice features..my only concern is that everything I download seems to be saved on the phone's internal memory, whereas I've been trying to adjust this setting so that it only saves downloads to the SD card...but I haven't been able to successfully do this.

I really love my new phone.Thank you so much.I will recommend this phone to my brother as well.

I recieved my phone 6/21/13 and was instantly in love with it screen was huge got connected to wifi super fast! But I should have listened to all the reviews I read that evening I got a phone call and when I answered the person on the other line could only hear static tried calling them back same result. Then a few hrs after that the phone just kept shutting off on its own and finally one day after I recieved phone and it wont even turn back on battery is HORRIBLE too. BUT AMAZON is great they are immediately refunding money and sent me a link to print off return shipping label so if u r stupid like me and dont read the reviews and listen at least buy from amazon and not just a seller who u will probably never get a hold of

I won't recommend it for anyone, u get wat u pay for.in that, I only got to use the phone once, which was the day I received it.next day I'm trying to change the settings like the date and time and the phone freezes.it's been over a month since I got it and its frozen since. I would have returned it but I have an extremely busy schedule w/ work, school and parenting.either way I'm returning it very soon w/ the least chance I get.p.s I didn't Wang to rate it bcos it didn't deserve any ratings but I had to anyway!

The  phone is not good at all wish i could get my money back i don't like it at all

I ordered 3 of these phones and all three except one did not work properly I would NEVER get these agin they are a waist of your money!

Complete waste of Money..After 1 month ,my phone blanked out .i live in the bahamas so it will cost me so much to send it back!

Recently purchased the Quadband 2 and I am loving it to the max!!! Its light weight, easy to use and elegant. I definitely recommend this product.

I never had to write a review for any product until I got this phone. Worst experience ever. Lost my LG phone and had to find another phone, got this product and I was very disapointed. Phone has a fake samsung sticker on the back of it, which a phone sales man advice that I can sue because this phone is a fake samsung and misleading. the phone will not stay charge, and I received an Ipod charger with one battery. When I was suppose to get two batteries. My calls keep dropping and People have hard time hearing me. I really hate people who take advantage of other just to make fast money. I wish I wouldn't even have given this one star, but that's the only way I could write a review. I wish I had listened to everyones' review about this product who warned me not to get it. I turned it on and by the next day I was shipping this product back.

IT'S GIVING ME PROBLEMS WITH CHARGEING THE BATTERY AND SAVING PICTURES. I WANT ALLOW ME TO SAVE PICTURES THAT WAS SENT TO ME

Because the cellphone is such a piece of crap! I lost my money, i don't know how you could sell that!

this phone does not work because it doesn't pick up a signal.  I believe this phone is a knock off of a Samsung model.

What do I do to be able to downlooad applications and get like Google play or something installed on this phone?????

ok ...so the phone reach on time but it came without a manual, can't update anything because of low memory so I purchase a 8gb memory card, still got the same problem. ...on top of that when I call my friends they are getting a loud feedback that I'm not hearing, they got so annoyed they beg me to get rid of the phone, the graphics are decent but the phone is a hot mess.  I would not encourage anyone to purchase this phone

I ordered it about 2 weeks ago and still haven't gotten it the carrier ups keeps breaking it And then it has to be sent to the factory all over again and just needs faster shipping

the phone and the box look great,with 2 battries , but all this not work after 26 days of use, Don't Buy it

I ordered my phone March 15th, estimated delivery date was April 9th-April 29th.  My phone arrived March 23rd!  It came with 2 batteries, headphones and a USB charger.  Using this phone through Straight Talk which was pretty easy to set up.  Have not fully figured out all the features yet and am having a little trouble with getting Apps but that is probably because I havent been able to just sit down and explore the phone the way I want.  Once I figure everything out, I think it will be a great phone, so I'm excited and will update about anything new I learn.*****UPDATE*****This is an excellent phone! Had a hard time getting apps on it due to the whole Google and China disagreement but once i figured out a way around it this phone is amazing!  Im able to access/ download all apps.  Has same features and graphics as Samsung Galaxy S3 {compared mine with a friend who has it}.  My only problem is finding a case, the phone is too small for the Galaxy S3 but too large for the S3 Mini.

DONT BUY THIS PHONE IT IS A RIPE OFF THE BATTERY DIES WITH IN 2 HOURS AND YOU CANT HEAR S***!

At the time of my purchase I was so happy with the sale that it was so fast and the price great. I did not using the phone for a while but 3 months ago I started used and I gave the other phone like a gift for a relative. Both phone after a month started give problems then after that those shut down by itself. Those are dead.  I am really dissapointed with this junk cell.

Dont waste your money, I have no service!  I cant make a call when I am at home, no mobile service.  The battary will not stay charged what a big waste of money!!!!!

I chose this rating because the phone works for only two weeks and it need to be fixed. I did not know that it was a china phone. bad quality.

We've moved to a family plan with T-Mobile and I gave this to my teen-aged son. He does most of his data in Wi-Fi hot-spots because our plan limits Web data. ($100/mo. unlimited voice and text, limited Web - for four phones) This thing picks up signals so-so, but good enough. (I wouldn't expect it to work as well as the dual-band Wireless N adapters in our PCs.) Other than a somewhat short battery life, which may be more due to the boys' over-use than to any design flaw, this is a perfectly good Android phone for a whole lot less than the latest & greatest. It's nice not to have to hassle with unlocking or rooting the thing, too! Being a Linux Mint user I naturally gravitate to Android over Apple or Windows phones. I'm not disappointed at all with this purchase.

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE IT DOES NOT WORK..........CAN NOT USE FOR OTHER NETWORK. TRY TMOBLIE BUT IT NO WORK

I understand that the price is so low that it makes this phone tempting to buy but believe me it's a waste of money. In short words, the only thing this phone does decently is play music and send text messages. Talking on the phone is bad,most of the time it's static so u can Bairly hear the person your talking to. The App Store will download your apps but than wont let you use them because it will foreclose a lot. The camara sucks. Ups doesn't work, it won't even let you watch videos on youtube or on the Internet.

Its Pretty Good But The Battery Some S*** N It It Need A Little More Storage Other than That Awesome

do not buy this phone.........it broke the next day. first i couldn't hear out of the speakers, then the speaker at my ear start getting hot....burning hot. stupid phone and even stupider company for selling this phone.

it was mss up on me all the time it make calls by it self and trun it self off and back on to i do not like that at all

You will very quickly damage the camera audio is very pixelated

I loved the phone but when it stopped charging , that was the worst thing about the phone . the phone was pretty cool

The phone is okay. The quality is not that great, so I would say you are better off buying a real phone. This one had a lot of glitches and then after the return period was over, the thing stopped working and there is nothing i can do about it apparently. I am sad that I spent my money on this. I don't encourage anyone to buy it. Bad experience.

It took three weeks to get it from Hong Kong. But, it works as specified. You will not be disappointed.Its not a 4G. But the web works good. Not bad for a knock off. Worth the money.Comes with two batteries too and headphones.Phone calls are clear too. Like I said, worth the money..

the phone rings only sometimes, you cant download games, it doesnt hold a charge ,  I do not recommend this phone to anyone you need a sd card in order to enjoy the phone if you try to store numbers to your contacts  it does not store you cant save pictures and the phone itself comes with little or no storage space

This is a very missleading product. I will never buy from them again. I purchased the phone and it worked great for exactly 2weeks. It shut down, could never find my sim card, and tmobile doesnt even recognize it to assist me. i now have a very expensive paper weight!!!!!! DO NOT BUY!!!!

I got this for my sin. He loves it as he can get to the house WiFi as he wishes.

I was hoping that the phone would work as well as it was described.  The first day that my daughter began using it, it began to malfunction.  It had so many malfunctions that I had to end up returning it.

The phone is not unlocked and on the back where is says android it is upside down. It was not manufactured well and I want my money back.

Phone batteries die quickly. The camera is horrible, it takes unclear pictures. The features are really slow and time consuming.

If I could I would rate this zero. If you brought this phone get your money back now don't delay

This phone was advertised in white, I was under the impression that I would be recieving a white phone but when the phone arrived to me, it was black. . . (totally dissatisfied)

This phone was not satisfactory at all. Couldnt do anything w it even when using Wifi. Was very displeased w this phone.

When I first got this phone I expected more out of it. The phone would always make noises when receiving incoming or outgoing calls. Sometimes you couldn't even be able to get a hold of the person your trying to reach. I'm very disappointed.

i really like the phone but the internet doesnt work and my phone provider say thete is nothing they can do they cant even find out the name of the phone so thetes nothing i can do with it

I can't acess any apps on google play and the volume is low plus the battery doesnt stay charged anymore after only about 1 week.

30 days functione and in 31 days is off ! Baterry 1-3 hour functione! Made in China! No is good! 0 star for phone!

IT IS ONE OF THE GREAT PHONES IN THE MARKET NOW BUT THE BATTERY, THE BATTERY, BATTERY IS THE PROBLEM NOW,

this phone was horrible?? it was broken when i recieved it. screen was cracked nd it wouldnt charge. just horrible...

The battery life is really bad my charger went out the 1st week the call sound is bad they cant hear me but the phone is beautiful but it has some issues maybe i just have a bad one idk

Well the phone works. And but was a gift for my daughter but she likes it that's all that count to me.

I can't say I really understand what an unlocked phone is but my daughter bought this because she wanted to take it with her to university in British Columbia. She had been told that to use it with Virgin Mobile in Canada, she needed to have an unlocked phone.  When we brought it to a Virgin Mobile distribution location in Canada, they informed her that it could not be used with Virgin Mobile because it was not unlocked.The phone has since been returned.I originally gave it 1 star because it was useless for us, but that corresponds with the wording 'I hate it.', which simply isn't the case. The function that was crucial for us, it being 'unlocked', was 'non-functioning.' Beyond that, I know little of this phone.

I chose 5 stars because it was a good phone and it came early so thank you and i love the color so thanks

I just received the phone today so as far as reliability i can not say whether or not it is good or bad. What i can say is when i clicked on this particular phone the samsung s3 case was said to have been purchased by others who also bought this phone. Do not purchase a samsung s3 case for this phone because the case is too big. In fact, i am having trouble finding any cases on amazon to fit this particular phone. If the size is right for the phone the holes for the camera, flashlight and vent don't match up on the back.

I Bought This Phone For My Little Brother For Christmas And He Loves It He Can't Put It Down And Want Any One Else Put There Hands On It.

To whom it may concern I did not like this item because it did not work and now I do not have the opportunity to return it. I will like to exchange this item for another smart phone if I can do this. I paid to much for this item, and not get another phone in return. So please consider an exchange for me if possible. You can reach me at this e-mail skateballer14@gmail. I will appreciate it if you can help me return a item that i can not use.

If I could give this phone 0 stars I would. Phone switches off randomly by it self, there is 0 memory in phone it self. Some game that came already instated in the phone I cant remove to save memory or move to SD card. It display that there is no sim in the phone and wifi sometimes says that it is disconnected even though its not. Battery - useless. It doesn't hold an hour, so no wonder it came with 2 batteries.  It is a bad phone i wouldn't recommend to anybody. The sticker on the phone says it r Galaxy SIII but it is far from it. none of galaxy covers would fit and quality is rubbish. The phone is very big in body, that's the only thing I like about it.DON'T BUY.

This phone sucks it won't download any apps other crash down and won't work properly please stop trying to sell this phone

Could not get it to work completely with T-Mobile or simple mobile.  It is a really nice phone however I loved the design of it.

this phone is okay bt it drops calls you cant send photos nor recieve them waist of money dnt buy

the key pad doesnt work half the time, it freezes alot, something is also wrong with the sound. I regret buying this phone. i should have known because it was so cheap.

The phone is wack it wont even let me download no music video i might teturn it in couple days

While the phone looks good it does not work properly.  90% of the time when you make or receive a call there is a buzzing sound on the phone and the party on the other end of the call cannot hear you.  In addition the pictures are blurry and of poor quality.  I bought a similar phone from another supplier for my niece and she does not experience the same problems.

if i could rate it zero i would should be called  mini s  0 would rather use an old rotary phone

at first i was happy with the phone but 2 weeks later the charger input portion on the phone stopped working. i took the phone to have it repaired and i was told that the phone could not be repaired because of the parts.

It was good at first but when I finally started using it with the sim card it was horrible. It deletes my contacts all of a sudden for no reason. I got this phone when it was $70 I just wanted something inexpensive that worked properly. I got everything but that! I regret buying this phone! No one can hear me  and I can't hear anyone. The in call volume sucks! I can go on and on of things that sucks about this phone....

I chose a 1 because although it came with nice accessories the phone glitches so much its not even usable. The phone worked the first day fine but if you cut it off than back on it forwards all calls and you have to fix that in the settings, the battery's that come with the phone die every two minutes the charger is cheap you don't get service with the phone and the internet doesn't work on the phone unless your connected to the wifi it specifically is with this phone when I put my sims card in another phone the internet works just fine. take it from me It sound like a deal but your just gonna end up buying another phone. Save your money and time.

its been really amazing so far i like it a lot it works perfectly and its really big :) &#9825;

This phone doesn't let you get apps its a waste of money please don't buy it it freezes all the time and if you install an app the phone turns into mess. Also this phone is garbage please do not waste your money and buy this phone. This phone needs to come off amazon . PLEASE I BEG OF YOU NOT TO BUY THIS PHONE. If you do your money goes to waste this phone is stupid and is a dumB phone DONT BUY IT PLEASEEEEE I WASTED MY MONEY . I WISH I WENT SOMEWHERE ELSE AND BOUGHT A PHONE NEVER  AGAIN SHOPPING FOR ON AMAZON AGAIN

Phone stinks, way too loud when turning on and off. Screen cracked after barely touching it. Would not buy again.

I gave it 1 star because i got it and it doesnt have an storage space it within days it started kicking me out of text message wont let phone call or text come in and the camera was horrible it was clear at all and on the text messages the letters and numbers were not matched to be touch.And after about a week it wouldnt turn on at all i tried everyting to get it on but it wouldnt. It looked good on the outside but everything else was horrible very disappointed.

First off i dont know why all the negative feedback for this phone, this phone works just as fast if not faster than most android phones out there! It is superior in speed and i believe it is a quadcore processor, as soon as i recieved this phone i put my tmobile simcard in it, it picked it up right away! i dialed a number and it went right through no problems at all, now the next day i had a popup! that said invalid mmi ussd code, ok so i did some checking online and come to find out that this is pure vulnerability for someone to wipeout your simcard and it is preprogrammed into this phone! wow so is what i did is download ussdfix from google play installed it and followed the directions and it fixed the phone and removed the hack from my phone, now it works perfect no problems at all, i love this phone and is super super fast but lightahead and amazon need to check these phones before they ship them out to remove this vulnerability hack!!!!

This phone worked great.  I am currently deployed to afghanistan and i put my roshan chip in there, and WALA it works.  I have not had any problems so far!! I have been using it for three weeks now!!

It is very slow , do not bye it and no it does not fit the galaxy s3 case at all .

I did like the phone until I found out that it was the international version and could not get it to connect with the $G service in my area.

i didn't kno it didnt have bands where it is very slow but i needed i phone so it will work for now.

This phone is absolutely not worth buying its slow you cant get apps don't get it if i knew this was going to be like this i would have not got it

It closes me out of things I'm doing on my phone constantly. It doesn't save my contacts and I have to keep restarting/rebooting the phone. The storage space is very small and there are a couple more issues I ahve with the phone. Great service with getting my phone on time and all but the phone is about as cheap as i paid for it.

This phone dosent send messages, it drops most of my calls ,the battery dies fast, the charger works but the phone dosent. Now im out of 100 dollars and im not to happy about that.

doesnt work with att sim card cant use face book with it. the head phone jack didnt work. big waste of money!!!!!!

Phone Sucks , Camera quality is beyond poor . I've failed to see why did this phone come in a Galaxy s4 mini box. Seller has also failed to contribute on giving me details on how to get a refund. I was also told by a company I cant get service on the phone, Instagram App Opens with a flipped type upside down Camera. I wish I would have read reviews before I bought the two phones that I did buy. I HIGHLY RECOMEND YOU DON'T BUY THIS PHONE, But if you do want to know more o still have the phones if your going to buy this product you can ask me questions on my Twitter account @HeyTenenbaum ...

Do not waste your money!!!!!! The phone looks good and that's about it!!!!!!!!!! Phone won't charge. I can go on and on,But the best advice I can give u guys is to not waste your money!

I find the phone to be good, but, I have a serious problem with the speaker which I find not to be not loud enough. I do not have a hearing problem yet, most times to answer a call I have to put on speaker phone, which act as normal volume. Other than this one big problem I love it.

It is great and has arabic language. It is just awesome but not 2 sims work. only one works. It can work outside USA. Battery does not stand very long, but still great.I am glad I bought it! Thanks for the seller.

its ok it just wasn't the phone for me the company is very cooperative and does what it takes to please its customers.

the phone did not work. it shut itself off whenever. all instructions were in a foreign language. item was returned and the shipping to send it back by the date they insisted cost almost as much as the phone.  it would be nice to know if something ordered was coming from a foreign country so i won't order it.

On the good side this phone is beautiful, looks like an s3,the interface is nice too, like the s3. mine came in 2 weeks, less time than i expected. I got the phone in perfect condition with all the accessories and even a gel case with it :D it came with google play already installed and i have synced my accounts and downloaded apps fine, they all work well. On the down side, the battery is sorta poor, it lasted me a full day day with my data  usage though, since i dont really browse the web and such on it , i have a computer and tablet for that. Besides, you get a second one so you should be set unless you are CONSTANTLY poking at your phone allll day. Browsing in mediocre, not the fastest but not too slow.  so anyways, all in all it does what i want it to do. Also, what i thought was an Led light next to the camera was just a black spec :| VERY DISAPPOINTING! But i'll still give it 3 stars since i really like the other features of the phone. If you're looking for an average smart phone for a very cheap price then this is great :}

Internet sl%ow if it works at all,battery life is 31/2 on both, charger does not work adapter/USB mix match,makes unwanted 3way calls, goes into airplane mode on its own, can not download apps or open the play store and the phone in not 4.0 inches its 3.2 brand. My phone is on a contract with Tmobile 4g unlimited everything I have never had problems with the service so its the phone ... FAIL

for starters the internet is slow.phone reception sucks,static,dropprd calls,hard to hear callers when talkigcan not watch you tube videoswouldn't own another oneset up is for the europeian marketshuts down frequently

I have been shopping for an android for some time before finding this Chinesse seller. The phone is advertised as Quadband (it processing system). What it really is is a Samsung Galaxy 3 Dandelion without the trademark name stamped on it hence its low pricing. I arrived in Tampa directly from China in 10 days, the savings well worth the 3 or 5 extra days of wait. Slip in our TMobil Sim &#34; et voila&#34;

JUST NOT HOLDING ANY CHARGED, THEY ONLY LOOK NICE BUT GOT A PROBLEM WITH CHARGING SORRY TO SAY. IT ONLY GOT LOOKS.

Very poor quality. This phone battery got so hot when charge that it started smoking.do not charge over night.

This is a wanna be droid phone. Fake little dots on top to give impression it has additional lights like a real smartphone. Can't read the font text on screen and if you tilt phone a little, you can't see anything hardly on screen. Takes fuzzy pictures with camera and even worse video. This phone isn't worth asking price at all, not even if they cut price in half- not worth buying at all. Wouldn't get it even if free.

i like the unit but the screen on third from first does not match the the actual day today even after i set the time and date. The date shows now is Nov 26th Thu... :/  if this works good..i like to buy more.

The picture that is showing is not what came in the mailbox. I am so disappointed this is so horrible

The pictures make it seem like you are getting a better phone than it actually is.. It is such a cheap phone the quality of phone is so cheap I was so disappointed.. Only good for like a first phone that's it

This phone sucks it wont hook up to any service.... it kept saying no SIM card.... and there was a SIM card in the phone!!!!!! i wouldnt recommend it to my worst enemy.... if i had a choice i wouldnt of give it one star.....

The phone it self was nice, but we had to pay extra to have it unlocked, I was NOT happy about that. After we had it activated it works good BUT it does not hold a charge for long, we have to pretty much keep it pluged in. Good first phone for my 13yr old but I would not buy again.

I got the phone and I love the look. When I went to use the phone I could not send pictures in my text messages and I also tried to download Facebook. When I push to get connected to Facebook it'll connect really slow and when it does connect it'll freeze or it will disconnect. I have also tried to download other apps and they won't down load. I feel like I waste my money and time waiting for the phone to come. I am very disappointed with the phone. The clock doesn't move until you unlock the phone and then it sets with the digital clock. When I dial the phone it doesn't ring it connect you to the party when they answer. When I'm talking on the phone I can hardly hear my party I'm talking to. I know I'm probably missing some other things but this sums it up. This makes me not want to order things on line. A Very unsatisfied customer.

The phone has being giving my problems since I got it, always freezing up and my internet is disconnected and no one can fix it

It is such a bad phone. I dont recommend it to anyone. Save your self the agrevation dont get it.

Just an overall bad product, Had to replace within the 1st month. It never wanted to stay on, or never wanted to read sim card. The sound it makes is horrific and can't fix it. DO NOT BY-WASTE OF MONEY....

The phone doesnt even get reception in my own room. I dont even get reciption until im on the high way i needed a phone that i could count on and this phone doesnt cut it

First able the phone does not come with the cover that you see there, then the battery life is terrible, also it up load apps in Chinese that you didn't want and if you want to return the phone you have to pay for shipping and it goes back to China.

It do not us Bluetooth and it have no case to put on it  but other then that its ok

I was not at all satisfied with this phone. Made over seas, a Samsung knock-off, flimsy, I had to search many places for a sim card which would work in the phone, because of where it was made. After getting a sim card from Walmart that worked in the phone. It turns out my son could'by get phone coverage at the university he attended. Ugg x3.

Not only did this product NOT work but I haven't been able to send it back or receive a new product from the company that it was purchased from. The phone worked all of 1 week.

Did not like did not work. My son was so happy to have saved his money and buy his own phone but it was a mess.

This phone looks good on pictures but it looks so cheap. So cheaply built. The plastic cover is paper thin. It doesn't even have a brand. Omg do not buy this phone. It was my biggest mistake.

doesnt charge usb port broken. It doesnt let me type most of the time. It freezes way tooo much for a phone that is supposed to be brand new. It would have been nice if i didnt have any problems.

I just ordered this phone anyone kno the model number or where to buy screen protector and a case for this phone

ita pz of s*** and sux only worth 40 bucks in the street I wouldn'y even offer this to a friend straight garbage

Does not download attachments or receive emoticons. It can be difficult to hear people on the other end of your call.Can't download apps. Wack.

s*** i hate it so much. it doesnt ring out or screenshot and too small its a waste of money

the  generic unlocked  quadband 2  sim  with android 2.3os I receive I receive is not working im  resending for a replacement  this is my first time purchasing  through  amazon I am not satisfied with my  product that is why I rated it ONE  STAR

The phone looks great and brand new but you cannot download apps of any kind. The call feature also sucks I have to yell just to be heard. Its basically only good for texting and taking pictures, if you want a phone with ALL well working features i suggest you find  a different one.

This phone is not good at all. It broke down on me in two weeks. Do not buy this fake android.or galaxy what ever fake phone you want 2 call it

4 hours after receiving the phone and getting everything transfered from my old phone the externial speaker stopped working making it impossible to receive texts and calls!!!!  had to return and still waiting for a refund!!!!

I had to take the phone to tmobile and they had to set it up for me and now I still can't take pictures or receive them

This phone rocks .I got pink and i luve all the apps u can get! Buy this!!!!!Plz buy it!I rock

I transfer my cards never worked took it to t mobile they couldn't get it to work sent it back

Didn't care for it at all

I weighed weather I wanted to get this phone... now that I have it, my wife, two daughters, and three friends own one too. I am a prime member and only order direct from Amazon. All of our phones came totally ready. Most of us have t mobile and two have at&t and after the sim is in, it does everything it is suppose to. We live near the Philadelphia metro area so calls, messages, internet, play store apps, my maps and navigation, it all works normally. It will save you hundreds!!!

Company did email me a response back.  Agreed to return for a refund. Seeing where the next response is and how long it will take to replace the phone....will updateIt's a decent clone don't get me wrong but without connecting to the mobile network its just a wifi old Ipad.

I can't hear the incoming call and it's hard to charge as the charger doesn't fit the mobile easily.you can hardly find the cover.I dont suggest this phone.

This phone works good webs a little slow but over all for the money, and virtually no bloatware from carriers its a deal. Also this phone tethers and you dont need a carrier permission slip. Hope this helps. IPT

Had this phone less than a month, when I picked it up while it was on the charger.  The phone was hot and I dropped it, broke the screen.  Very disappointed.

helloIt is unfortunate that such vendedore is in the amazon networks, should expel the bad product by offering this product and in this day and did not work well because the screen does not work well and the microphone, please do not buy this product and service very bad seller

It is worse than the phone that i changed from. It freezes as well and it doesn't have a case ...

my daughter seems to like it and hasn't had any problems so far I plan on ordering another one for myself

JUST GOT THE PHONE FOR THE HOLIDAYS. N ITS FREEZING UP, SLOW DOWN LOOADS, HAVE TOO TURN OFF OFTEN. NEVER AGAIN

I ended up with a one i cannot do anything with. my phone company cannot activate it. i cannot return the phone to seller so i cannot even get my money back. i have never been stressed and disappointed before. my friends and family are stopping the use of amazon because of this experiance. im having second thaughts as well. if i could rate no stars i would.

It's working OK, if you need to use this phone for talking & texting and then you got it right. But if you add more Apps, it will run really slow because it less internal memory.

terrible phone it's so fragile and never wants to connect to anything. It's slow and kicks me off of things. When people call me all they hear is buzzing, same if i call out. Phone freezes a lot and tells me that my sim card is always out.

i placed my order in december 2013 and till date 02/03/2014 i have not yet got my package.How do you expect me to rate something i still don't have.Making matters worse is that there is no tracking information.

I dropped my phone once and the whole screen shattered the sscreen quality is horrible.The screen also responds very slowly.

I WAS NOT SATISFIED WITH MY PURCHASE THEY ARE NOT GOOD PHONES ... DIDN'T KNO IT REQUIRES TWO SIM CARDS ..

note that i have only had the phone for three days.i dont understand why there are so many bad reviews, the phone is GREAT!!!!okay guys, youre paying less than 100 bucks for the phone, you cant set your standards too high. But this phone is actually pretty amazing. I really have fallen in love with it. its very responsive and quick to the touch. The box includes, phone, flip over case (nice quality), two batteries, standard headphones,screen cover, usb charger with base. the cord to the charger isnt long at all, so you might want to by a longer one, just for convenience. Its a standard android charger, you'll have no issue finding a nice one for a cheap price. the speakers on this phone are AMAZING. very loud and clear. the phone looks exactly like a galaxy s4, most clones have a yellowish tint to the flash located under the camera. however the flash on this phone is clear, giving it a realistic look. im going to go ahead and say, if you are trying to buy a $100.00 phone, this is it! this is coming for someone who has had many phones. from  iphones to windows to androids. this is a real favorite of mine. now i just have to wait and see how long this phone will last.

I really really really like this phone. Everything came in my package as described. I was really worried because of all the negative comments. My only complaint is the camera quality. It could be a little better! Overall, this is a great android for a cheap price! Satisfied Customer!(:

BUY ME THESE THREE PHONES FOR MY FAMILY AND HAVE GONE lousy. APART FROM THE COMPANY THAT BROUGHT ME TO THAT HARD IN VENEZUELA hand them over.THE SECOND DAY AND NOT TO SEND MESSAGES entered. EACH TIME OUT THAT NOT ENOUGH MEMORY. WHEN DOES WANT 3G. INCLUDING LOST MONEY BUYING THESE PHONES invested BECAUSE NOT WORK WELL ON NOTHING.PEOPLE OF VENEZUELA AND OTHER PARTS OF THE WORLD, I TELL YOU WITH LEGAL POSITION NOT SPEND MONEY ON BUY THESE DEVICES WILL PORWUE LOSE YOUR MONEY PAYING FOR AN ARTICLE THAT DOES NOT WORK THAN PAY FOR THE ENCOMIENDA. A TOTAL LOSS AND ROTUNDA.AS THE SHIPPING TO REFUND ME MY MONEY BECAUSE I PAY TO SEND TO U.S. AND SO WILL SPEND A LOT OF MONEY AND STILL LOSE MORE MONEY. SO LOST MY MONEY buying them.TEXTO EN ESPA&Ntilde;OL:ME COMPRE TRES CELULARES DE ESTOS PARA MI FAMILIA Y HAN SALIDO MALISIMOS. APARTE DE LA EMPRESA QUE ME LOS TRAJO HASTA VENEZUELA QUE DURO EN ENTREGARMELOS.AL SEGUNDO DIA YA NO INGRESABA PARA ENVIAR MENSAJES. A CADA RATO SALE QUE NO HAY MEMORIA SUFICIENTE. FUNCIONA EL 3G CUANDO QUIERE. EN PARTICULAR PERDI EL DINERO QUE INVERTI COMPRANDO ESTOS CELULARES PORQUE NO FUNCIONAN BIEN EN NADA.A LAS PERSONAS DE VENEZUELA Y DE OTRAS PARTES DEL MUNDO, LES DIGO CON LEGAL POSICION QUE NO GASTEN DINERO EN COMPRAR ESTOS APARATOS PORWUE VAN A PERDER SU DINERO PAGANDO POR UN ARTICULO QUE NO SIRVE APARTE DE PAGAR POR LA ENCOMIENDA. UNA PERDIDA TOTAL Y ROTUNDA.COMO LOS ENVIO PARA QUE ME REEMBOLSEN MI DINERO, PORQUE ME TOCA PAGAR PARA ENVIARLOS A ESTADOS UNIDOS Y ASI VOY A GASTAR MUCHO DINERO Y PERDERE TODAVIA MAS DINERO. ASI QUE PERDI MI DINERO COMPRANDOLOS.

I Was expecting a Samsung phone and got a HTC instead, don't know what's happened, but l feel cheated with the product that l got

This phone is a very good phone that does what I wanted - email, contact, internet, etc and I did recommend and help buy for individual.What I did dislike about the phone is the charging port- could easily be destroy and one it happens it means you need a new one supposedly, So please it the port can be like the iPhone to prevent breakage.

The wifi does not work, the memory is low and even when I inserted an SD card I was being told low memory despite the fact that I selected SD card as preference for installation. The speaker stop working and I could only hear by using the headset. Save your money and look for something a bit more expensive that WILL ACTUALLY WORK.

im having problems already with this generic phone my mistake i should have invesigated more on the phone itself next time i will

This is one of the worst phones you can ever buy this phone is slower than a snail dont waste your money on this phone im returning mine

It is the slowest phone I've ever had. It gives me more problems than my old phone.(freezes, shuts off by itself, etc) Do not get this phone!

This phone is beyond bootleg. If you are in the U.S. you will not get internet. You will be lucky to be able to make a call. Phone malfunctioned for a few days and quite working all together. The one star is because the appearance was identical to samsung galaxy.

My son loved the phone one at first but later he was having connecting issue so we had to get a TMobile brand and the connection issue went away

It worked for two days now it won't even turn on. can't get a response from the company. My daughter is not happy with this Christmas gift.. Should have just stayed with AT@T. And I am out $70 from T Mobile. Bad chose!!!

it was supposed to be new and it was used.It had contacts still in the phone, a broken charger and chipped edges.

Really really bad phone had it to days an it just kicked the bucket worst 80 I ever spent won't do that again

I will never never never buy these s***ing phones ever ever ever again I will not tell no one to get theses phones don't want to put a star but Amazon made me

It will not charge.It wont properly read the sd cards. Its to much of a hassle. I want my money back

It is unbelivable, what you get for that price. I paid for this smartphone, which is nearly the same, as the Samsung S4, 54 euro including sending cost. Nearly 10 times cheaper as the Galaxy S4. It is a bargain.CeesDiemen, The Netherlands

the phone do not work and when people calls you the phone ends the call right away and you can not here anything

Unfortunately for me this phone did not even work for a day.The phone can not stay charged and when you power it on it goes off after no more than 5 minutes. I do not recommend this product.

The only thing I could do is make outgoing call n incoming calls came through sometimes it would stop ringing and going staight to voicemail everytime I go on the internet I would have to reset alot of things I couldnt download this phone just suck I sold it the next day a waste of money I wouldnt recommend this phone for anyone im just being honest

The phone did not work at all! Would not make phone calls out JUST HORRIBLE! I hate the fact that I even had to put a star

Worthless hunk of junk. The battery life is awful and it is so slow, keyboard freezes, or doesn't come up at all.

when I got the phone the camera stopped working after a week... also whenever someone called im unable to hear them and sometimes they cannot hear me..... the quality of the picture taken before the camera stopped working was really really poor.... the biggest part of it was that the battery died most times after 30 minutes although I followed the instruction to charge the battery for over 4 hours when I got it... I started to believe this was the reason they gave me two batteries..... overall this phone is a disgrace to android company. I am from Jamaica and whenever someone would say they like my phone my res ponce to them would be ' dont ever get one'  I suggest android go back to the drawing board and make a phone that can be called a phone

Definitely wasn't what was advertised but not bad for a $50 galaxy s4 mini knock off (which there is no such phone in the us), but not worth the price in shipping. If you're looking for a basic phone to run basic services slowly then its a good deal. Also this phone only works on tmobile and at&t networks. If your service provider isn't a global company then don't waste your money. Verizon service doesn't work with this phone. Oh good luck finding a sim card too that fits.

It technically is false advertising. It's not a galaxy s3 but it is an android. I bought this because windows is too boring & I have all the hot apps on here I couldn't get on windows.It's a great phone. Doesn't freeze. Works great! It's an unlocked phone for tmobile, a mini version of the s3.Love it.Great price, case & extra charger.

I love this Phn. Graphics are great, easy to use ring tone is nice and loud fantastic. Would recommend this item

This is the worst phone product i have ever seen since i started using mobil phone. I have a lot to say but all I can sayis this brand is bad. I will never recommend it to nobody. To me is waist of money to buy this kind of phone.Thank you

the phone is okay its has great amoled colours but the only problem is its running on android 2.3 OS

I bought 2 for my sisters! They both broke for 6 months use! My advise - buy something a couple hundread dollars more expensive, something with at least good quallity!

The phone is wonderful it isd fun i cant play games when it barely come because i need memory and games need memory so when i download the game it log out and i cant play and it because i need a chip

But unfortunate I have to return it because its not compatible with my phone services...it has a lot of great features and would recommend this phone to everyone.

My boyfriend finally convinced me into getting this phone and I love it. It's a bit big in size but I like bigger phones. Why didn't I think of this before? (:

I hope this article will come soon. since this is one of the best companies in terms of product quality

its hard to get service in the country and the whole 2 sims card its hard to function the phone.

it's just junk. don't buy this. better off with a prepaid android for under 75 bucks. virgin mobile or boost. anything but this.

I bought this phone to take with me to Trinidad it work perfect I had no problem with useing this phone love it

I couldn't down load anything on this phone. When you down load this phone clear out what you download before.

Bought this for my Granddaughter and was very satisfied with the phone.  She loves it and I wished I had gotten 2!

no discernible manufacturer visible to look for help, just a cheap Asian nock off that did NOT work worth crap

This phone is horrible!!! I never got any service it  never let me use the internet. The quality of the camera is soooo bad! It was so horrible I threw it in the trash and just got a new phone.

Purchased for my son, and he loves it......shipping took a little time so be patient.  If its quality you want, this is what you get!

the phone reaction time is slow......did not meet my expectation the camera is horrible graphics also terrible really disappointing don't recommend it

i ordered this phone yesterday and bought a case for it the comments are scaring me >.> i just pray it comes out good im not expecting perfection i just looking for something that works.

Definitely not what I was expecting! I could have bought a better phone at Wal-Mart and saved a lot of money. the camera on the phone takes pictures but you can't tell what they are. it has very little memory and most apps aren't compatible with the phone.

This phine is horrible. It works so slow. It  wont let me go on facebook. Barely any of my apps wotk. I cannot send or receieve pictures. I also cannot be in any group text conversations.

it was the worst phone i ordered and had a horrible signal, i don't recommend this phone at all to anyone

I used this phone for 1 week and it would not let me recieve any of my text messages. I am a Manager at my job and I have to have a phone where my employees can text me. This was the only issue I had with the phone.  I can not use this phone and would like to return it. I didn't like it because it didn't have a Sim card or a phone charger and I am out $25.00 purchasing one at Wal-Mart which the only one they had was with a car charger also. I purchased several phone cover from Amazon for this phone and none of them fit they were way too big.

This phone is very good for the price I gad bought this for a cousin that she wanted as a gift. ship on time and everything went well.

Wrong phone was given, phone doesn't work, charger doesn't work. Was 50% off the original price, and still wasn't worth it. Horrible.

This telephone is horrible and wasn't able to return it.Turns off by itself, and changes languages on its own. I would not buy this telephone.It was a huge annoying mistake. It's a piece of crap

this phone is a piece of crap, its slow, the graphics and camera suck, it won't open group txt or pics

I received it really fast which was good had it for a max of three weeks and it didn't want to charge anymore. I even changed the battery with the extra one that it came with. And no change. Memory uses up really fast with any app you download. Can't even use it as a portable hotspot. Phone honestly sucks..!

This is the worst phone I have EVER had the battery goes dead on it so fast even when your not using it its ridiculous and the speakers on it suck it sounds like everyone you talk to is in a tunnel!

It is OK for kids, basically it is for my young kid for safety. Thank you. Technically it doesn't meet higher standard and updates an issue due to controlled by service provider ( T-Mobile).

I have had  so many problems with this phone. I need a refund. first of all the phone cannot charge, then it don't have much memory I purchase a 16 g memory card, and its not reading it. this phone really suck its a bad investment

I bought this phone to use with straight talk repeat it will not !Don't get stuck with this piece of junk ,because it will cost you 35.00 to send it back.

I don't like anything about the phone.  It wasn't what I ordered nor was it what I expected.  I never connects to the internet, it doesn't take or receive pictures.I AM &#34;VERY&#34; DISAPPOINTED!!!!

Phone works but is very unreliable, drops calls, slow processor. good for the price but not for quality. would not recommend this phone for someone who surfs the internet and expects a working network at all times.

Because it only lasted me one month before it broke so I wouldn't required buying this phone is not worth it

I was just looking for an android phone on here for cheap...i found one i was happy with what was promised and i paid 20 just to receive in asap. When the phone came it game in a galaxy box and I was like no way someone made a knock off and are only selling for 55$ wow awesome. as i go through the phone i notice its missing tons of awesome thing the original has i wasn't upset by this because well i didn't even originally buy it knowing it was a knock off plus it was only 55 i was just happy to have a nice working phone. Then I write them asking them about these features and if they are supposed to be there or not the refused to write me when they realized i was inquiring about the phone. They had no problem answering the questions about when the phone would be delivered in fact they were quick in their replies now my phone randomly opens apps that i don't open i get weird message signs in the notification bar when i open it its Chinese porn and it says its running from the flashlight app...which you can't even uninstall :( I would like my money back or an explanation

well it sucks and your whole thing sucks it comes with no sim cards but to holes/slots 4 it but yet no sim card. It is very sensitive i dropped it and it broke how cheap but waatever cause i got a new phone so back to u Bye@Keionna Williams@Now wat .com

I want this phone so bad it will blow your mind if you get it and I love phones trust me

My daughter needed a new phone she loves it don't know much about dual sim but she not complaining makes me the happy father lol

Prodoct is good for the money you spend, iw ill recomend it to as its good for the price s

This is an awesome phone. I ordered it, and got discouraged because it said it was going to take a whole month to deliver. It came here in 2 weeks! When I got the phone, I was amazed because this was a huge upgrade from my old phone. There are tons of things you can do, and apps you can get. There's cable TV on this phone! The resolution is great, and the phone is loud when you get calls. Mine came with a case, that has a little trouble staying on but its pretty cool. In other words, if an iPhone is a Ferrari, your getting yourself a nice, BMW :))

super slow,cheap piece of junk! I was very dissapointed with this purchase! Do not buy this phone if you want a good one!

It is a SCAM! No match for DAMAGED team only worked one week, I get tired of doing write the claim of the 3 phones that I bought them and lost my money because they have not contacted me even for an apology.These people are thieves! I am considering a lawsuit.

Phone is better than expected.  The only issue I have is that the volume key is located on the right side of the phone versus the left so any protective case that I buy will not fit.  Bummer because I love my phone and want to protect it.  Other than that the customer service has been excellent and they aim to please.  Thanks!!!

This phone looks good. Poor battery life , nothing to write home about. Dual sim card gives it an edge over similar phones in its class.

This is a great phone.  I especiall like that it was here a week and a half after I ordered itIt took me a few days to get use to a upgrade and im still trying to figure things out especially why my google play where  i can get apps takes forever to load but as soon as I figure that out it will be one awesome phone.  For the seller great salethank you

Phones were in a different language not tohappy and had to spspend more when they said they were ready for straight talk

It moves SLOW!!!!!!!!After one week of usage it moves slow.doesn't keep chargePhone takes long to download!Slow

For 1 its not quadband and its 2G and its awful!!! This phone wont even Let u download a Gps app and half the apps on here wont work and youtube wont play on here and neither will netflix. AwfuL phone!!! Dont get it!!! Errr...

from the first day  the phone just start acting up charging no service no picture and even as i am speaking it is still not working i had made a bad choice.

Some of the phones basic functions did not work properly or if not at all. I was very disappointed with this product. I returned the phone within two days and purchased the T-Mobile Samsung Galaxy. A much better phone.

This phone is a piece of crap, the charging port broke off less than 3 months after i bought it, not a good phone at all

This phone was horrible. I could not wait to get my galaxy 3, the phone has a mind of its on. I could barley contact people at times

Cannot download no apps , doesn't read sim (for phone company ) ,freezes, cannot play music JUST DON'T BUY!O

The cell phone is ok but the battery does not last long, I can not found a replacing one the one I ordered from you does not fit

This phone is horrible trash. It was a huge waste of money. It freezes on a regular basis, it drops calls, the reception is horrible, it force closes consistently, it does not hold a charge. I can not successfully go from one app to the next smoothly. Either it crashes or completely freezes and I have to reboot my phone. There is not enough time in a day for me to explain in detail each specific isuue that I have just please I promise you, do not buy this phone friend.

EXCELENTES CELULAR GENERICOS DESBLOQUEADO

it broke too easily and stopped working I never  knew it would break and stop working a lot of phones break but still work

we bought one of these phones. battery would not stay charged. this is a counterfeited product. Don't buy it is not worth the money!!!!!

Good CELL phone and cheap and it works fine they recommend the good thing is that it works with any carrier

The phone would not fully charge, and would lose power within 4 minutes after charging for hours. Screen freezes. Dissatisfied.

It freezes a lot and does it's own thing. I don't like it at all. Trying to talk my mom into returning it.

The phone works very well. The only flaw is the pictures are not as clear as I had thought, but everything else is great so far. I think it is a great buy.

It doe snot use many of the android features such as syncing account. The option to sync accounts is located on the phone but it doesn't work. Reception is spotty a best in an area where other phones on this carrier work perfectly. It drops every other call. I would not recommend this product to anyone.

This phone only worked a week. The screen doesn't display so you can't use it. Requested to return it and still have not heard back from anyone. What a waste of 50.00.

the phone is really big and nice, it really look like a galaxy s3 but is really slow and the camara doesnt work rite if you dont stay really really still, the flash is not worth it at all but other than that is fine.... will not recomend this item to anyone

I chose this rate because the phone that I received is different from the one that I bought. The colors are the things that are equal and this phone is too slow when I am teaching. Also

it is great to have a new phone that i love to death so thank you so much happy happy

THE PHONE IS A PICE OF CRAPHAD IT NOT EVEN 1 ANS 1/2 MONTH AND IT HAS NO SOUNDGET STUCK ON A PAGE AND WANT MOVE.A TOTAL PICE OF S***

The phone is not working properly , it doesn't charge. Could you please answer by giving me what i could do so it could be fix?  Please answer me as soon as possible that you

Im returning now. I love the phine but the internet is so unbearably slow that it shuts down an freezes up. Beware!

I got this phone just to try it but soon that I put in the international SIM card in itI love it and phone work perfectly it's a great phone.

First things first, this ad does not say galaxy sIII mini but thats exactly what the sticker on the phones screen read when I opened the almost EXACT box that galaxys come in! So of coursr, I was expecting the same great quality and handy apps that I know the galaxy phones possess and the google app store have. I have 4g service through my provider yet this phone is always stalling, freezing, or just acting up. I called the samsung service center thinking this was a samsung galaxy, and they could help me with these tecnical issues and what not, that is when I was informed that the IMEI number went to some old Nokia flip phone. I kept trying to convince him that this was a galaxy SIII because it said so on my phone. He then asked me where I brought the phone from, and that's how we established that this was an international phone. Upon contacting the seller about these issues, they responded and told me to send them the phone back so they could do some upgrades, but that this was not a galaxy phone; its basically a knock-off! But why would I send my phone that I already paid for back to a company that is obviously doing something wrong, if they have to put incorrect IMEI numbers on the phone. That's like switching a cars VIN number! It took 3 weeks for me to receive this phone, so if I was i send it in for upgrades, it would take at least 8 weeks or more for me to get it back. I don't recommend this company or this phone to anyone! Be careful, they go by several different names!

All in chinese couldnt get it fixed or return it  dont get this phone its a piece of crap phone

I would not recommend this phone to anyone. The phone was received and within weeks I started experiencing problems with the phone. The phone would freeze up or just shut down and would take a while before it could be turned back on. I have since stopped using the phone because it keeps freezing and shutting down and hence cannot be used for long periods of time. The only reason I did not return it is because I would have to pay international shipping duties and the phone is not worth loosing that money over either. Don't purchase it!!!!

It will take forever to get to you then it will be broken... then when you contact the company they will try to blame you for it being broken; and pay you half of what you paid for it. Then it will take about a month to fight for your money back so beware

I do not reccommend.This phone is no good. I throw my money away by buying this phone. Please do not purchase.

Good phone it look nice and the person that I got the phone for like it a lot  thanks guys

I received this phone a week ago and it is the best phone I have ever had! As for cases, I purchased a nonhard shell S3 mini case for it and just cut the hole for the camera to make it wider! It pretty much does everything the I-phone does if not more. The graphics are amazing! It basically is the S3 only smaller. I was very skeptical about purchasing this but I'm glad I did! Heads up though, the shipping did take about four weeks! Hope this helps!

When I buy this phone I like very much after 15 day the phone some time is working some time isn't working I don't like this phone nobody buy this phone

The apps on the phone work. But, Texting is slow and you can't hear incoming calls. It dosen't ring when someone calls or texts. The apps work the phone part dosen't. This phone will be returned.

phone on and left message by accidentbattery out so quick.screen out while talking.go threw too many step to delete.

From the time it was taken out the box we knew that this was a bad purchase. The phone barely ever worked and it wasn't even worth the piece of cheap plastic it was made out of. I do not recommend this item and it should be stopped being sold on Amazon.

The unlocked 2 SIM Quadband is the attraction for me.  I need the convenience of one phone, two cards.  Unless the SIM - Simple Mobile Activation Kit including Sim Card will be of use to me when I travel I won't have need for it, and I won't know until I am traveling again.  As with all new gadgets, I am navigating my way through it and discovering more features all the time.There is one feature with which I am fascinated when I discovered it, and that is the camera. The camera functions both back and front. In others words you simply touch the camera on the screen to switch it so you can see yourself if you are taking your picture or switch to take a scene while viewing and the results are very sharp pictures.The only downside is the battery which holds about 4 hours of charge, which could be inconvenient.

Was a little apprehensive when buying this for my MOM.But she loves it.Great little phone at a great little price.Has everything needed and great app download too.Thank you

I bought this phone for my daughter and the phone does not work properly. Sometimes you can't hear her on the phone when she is talking then sometimes you hear her. Now she cannot text but she can receive text messages. A day or two ago she charged it fully after two hours of driving her phone went dead. It seems the battery does not how the power and just drains it. I am sorry I bought it for her because she was so excited when she saw it and she loves it. I am really disappointed. I would not recommend this product to any one. I feel like I got want I paid for. Keep in mind it was not cheap. I must say I did not contact any one as yet to see if all these issues can be resolved.

It feels good to have 2 lines in one phone. The joy I have no body knows. Before I used to carry two phones, now just one.

Phone does not work. Does not allow outgoing text . Incoming calls. Would not disable South African settings. Waste of money

I buy this phone to gifs to my family, all of them return the phone because work bad.The phone looks good but not work well.

ITS OKAY IT NOT THA BEAT IT WANT LET ME DOWWNLOAD THE APPS I WANT SUCH AS INSTAGRAM AND ETC. IT RUNS OUT OF SPACE IN 2 DAYS

The battery doesn't stay charged for more than an hour, true you get two batteries with the phone which says the battery doesn't hold, but i was not expecting to be charging or changing batteries every hour, whether or not i'm on the phone. The memory is atrocious! Even when I put a memory card in, it still doesn't count for anything. When I go online something just keeps popping up about memory getting low and makes me unable to browse. Not good phones to buy!

It says it is for Tmobile but for some reason wont read my sim card. can someone help me out with that?

it wont work after 2 weeks of using the phone it just suddenly stopped working. the touch screeen that is

I got the phone for my girl. And a week later the sceen was getting lines in it. So i payed almost a $100 dollars for a phone that sucks...

limited use and poor data function, and needs 2 sim cards out side of that the phone works and texts but not much internet use

Slow, didn't stay charged. Would not recommend not 4g lte.liked the look but not up to modern technology just too slow for me.

It wasn't what I expected. It locks up a lot and doesn't work with any of the apps I downloaded.  It has a mind of its own, and if you don't need it desperately, don't settle for something as tedious as this generic phone.

Its a pretty good phone came early then I expected, needs 2 sims for 2 different number but you can use one sim if you wish.. just have 2 different memory cards one for music one for apps and you should have no problem. Look through the settings well to change keyboard and auto rotation

The phone had poor service and dropped calls. Over heated and takes a while to charge.But other than that it was ok

I will tell you this phone didn't have a Google Play Store to purchase apps and the keys made it difficult to text.  I don't know if they have fixed the defects or not but if you were looking for a phone that had all the capabilities of a T-mobile smart phone, this phone may not be up to par.  With that said, this company has great customer service.  The care about keeping each and every customer happy.  After I realized this phone wasn't for me, I sent it back and it took close to month to reach their warehouse (they are located in China), which caused me concern, but they went out of their way to keep me posted almost weekly and even offered an 80% refund so I could purchase another phone and an additional 20% refund once they actually received it.  Like I said, I wasn't happy with the phone because it wasn't everything I wanted, but I was extremely impressed with their customer service and how eager they were to make sure I was a happy customer!

im returning it because it has giving my son problems since i got it. no one can hear him, it shuts off on its on. not a good phone at all

Very slow, took forever to ship, very fragile. Shattered within a week. The only case available that would fitwas the one that came with it and it provided no protection.

the phone took forever to get here and when it did arrive i could not make phone calls due to technical difficulties. will never purchase again

First good thing: my phone was scheduled to be delivered by Nov 19 but i received it on Oct 25 (thats a big plus). The phone looks really great on the outside and has some really interesting features on it, i really loved the live graphics. However, the apps would force close on me alot, the browser had mostly chinese characters on it so it was difficult for me to understand or try to change the setting (one thing i failed to realize when purchasing a phone directly from china). The earphone Jack also does not work properly, just through one side. if you are outside of the US or you are good at foriegn languages then you may not have too many problems with it but as for me, i shipped it back 2 days ago. NO HARD FEELINGS

Great look but reception and battery sucks do not buy this phone its a huge ripoff all you hear is static and battery goes.dead within in 30 mins had phone for two days...

I ordered this phone expecting it to come in a month. After more than a month I didn't see the phone come in. I contacted the seller. They told me that the order was cancelled. Thankfully, they gave me my refund and I took my money back and bought me a new phone. So I tell you this before you press that order button: Know what you're getting yourself into. DON'T BUY IT

This phone is no good. I can not receive or send pictures. the internet does not work on this phone and I have unlimited data. I wish I can get my money back because this phone is vey worthless. it only worked good for a few days. people can not hear me when I'm on the phone, and sometimes people say I sound like a robot then the call drops. this phone should be taken off the market !!!!

Charger adapter is not original. I'd got 2 spare batteries, both didn't worked, can't find replaceable battery in the market.

This phone was a piece of Crap! I got this because the reviews were so great! I needed to save money so I got it. My phone won't charge all the way at times, even over night. It will say 80% charged. Also it resets my wallpaper back to factory default. When I turn the phone off it even will reset. Well it comes from china and is a fake of a Samsung galaxy sort of thing but is smaller. It is no bigger than a IPhone 4S. People have said you can watch tv on this phone...NO YOU CANT! Not the phone i receive! This phone is Not smart! I swear, It must have traveled from China to America on a Short bus. It has other issues such as some of the android apps don't work on this phone. And the most annoying this is YOU WILL NEVER FIND A CASE FOR IT! It comes with a flimsy flip case but you have to pop the back of the phone off and use the flip case like a replacement back. I plan to use the phone as a back up phone BUT just so you know....I Went out and bought a Samsung Galaxy s2. The galaxy is an amazing phone!

That phone was the worst. It cracked and I didn't like it at all.. And one of them just blacked out. And their very slow

Well its an okay for for a preteen ...its really not that good of a phone ...its nice looking but not for anyone else to use for a long period of time

This is the worst phone I've ever purchased in my life! The reception is awful, the camera is terrible!I feel robbed, and if I was living in America I would sue the persons selling and producing it! hate it. Hate it!

i can't get service in many areas i can with my other phones.  i don't know what it is.  i also don't understand why there are two sim card slots.  it doesn't say anything in the manual.  i've also called my cell phone operator, and they have no answers either.  i switched back to my other phone, which isn't a smart phone.  i've used a smart phone before and had the same great coverage in other areas.  the PHONE COMPANY that i ordered the phone from was completely awesome and cool.  i still have this phone, though.

I saw economic and researching I found that was not bad. was going to give the phone. and I could not. not enjoy. the seller lost the phone (this is from china) did not know of it until it came out of Malaysia and that was four months ago. do not say that the phone is bad. I just do not get!

They publish the phone has internal memory 512 and only has 128! this is not enough to work properly. I denied the claim and forwarded it to me because my country El Salvador and taking advantage of this did not denied the claim.The original supplier is be careful because they change the name of the company is &#34;Bestselling2013&#34; but are the same irresponsible. DO NOT BUY! DONT LOSE YOUR MONEY!

The phone is very slow. i can make calls but cant receive. call go straight to voicemail. is this happening to anyone? please help me

Love the phone but did not work with my phone transfer.Also did not like that it was not built in wifi

Broke on me the 3rd day I had it. It barely has any storage for apps or even saving pictures. I still have the phone and I ordered it a year ago. It is by far the worst phone I ever had. I prefer a flip phone over this.

This pho sucks..i hate i bought it i been having problems with it since day one. Now i gotta purchase another pho

This phone was horrible. I could not view or send text messages. The phone needed to be charged at least three times a day.

this was probably the worst experiance i have ever had do not try to get this product it barely works its not even android and the screen is unresponsive i am realy dissapointed they have lied in the description. also if you try to return the preoduct and you write a bad review they wil ask you to delete it. its just a big scam. i will never buy out of the US again. smh

This is the worst phone I have ever bought. Nothing about it is nice except the way it looks. Terrible in so many ways. I have this phone for 4 months and all I have is problems. And as of today the charger stopped working. The battery life is bad bad bad. Internet super slow. Freezes all the time. Erased all my contacts twice without a single touch from me. Calls get dropped constantly and bad reception (sim card is AT&T which with my old phone never had a problem). Came without 3G .... so bad, so bad that I really want to smash it to the ground. DO NOT BUY!

This Phone was over priced.... With in just a few weeks the Charge port is loose, I must remove back cover in order to plug phone in. Plus I need to wiggle cord just to make a good connection and pray it stays good... I have downloaded two apps.... and the phone is already on low storage and not performing properly... Im not satisfied at all... Do not waste your time, on a phone like this. You are better off buying a real phone....

This phone is junk....spend the money to get a better one believe me......... Phone sucks phone sucks phone sucks bad

Hate this phone.it don't work half the time.the screen goes black for no reason.making a call is a job trying to get the contacts up.ppl can't hear you talking half the time.I got to use my speaker to talk.this phone is a very very wasteful phone I every brought...the sad part is I brought 2..they are awful

Sometimes the phone does not answer and other times I cannot talk on it. At first it worked fine but after one month talking and receiving calls are a issue. Very frustrating.

The phones worked for about a week and then they kept saying I had limited space, I could not call out or receive calls. I went and bought 2 sd cards and that did not work. So I spent all that money and I am now using my old phone again. Not worth it...

Installed one app and kept getting phone low on storage message, Touch screen is slow, unable to upgrade OS. Don't recommend

Screen was fade and blurred. the cell got very hot when used for about 20 minutes.  Communication was interrupted often, bad op system!  I threw it the garbage!

I bought 2 of these thinking it was like the Samsung Galaxy.  I was so ever fooled-took it to tmobile and they said it was a good fake.  I couldn't even work it to use as a phone.

I just received the phone to day.... first off I payed a extra 20 dollars and did not recieve the until a week later...then I try to download apps and it's telling me insufficient space on on the device.  This Is some BS I can't enjoy my money.. I even erased my card so I can have plenty space to download. I candidates sale it to a crab for double da price so I'm just going to do that

I am sorry to say that the phone is very bad. It gives me error messages all the time. Sometimes, it even stops me from making calls. It runs super slow.  I purchased it new, but I have the impression that it's fake. It's not original. I have all types all problems using it. Af first, I thought  it was the Lycamobile company having bad signal, but I realized it's the phone having issues. I have been an Amazon customer for several years, and this is the first time that I have to give a bad evaluation to a seller. I really don't recommend this phone for any purchase or the seller to do business with.

Low volume, not holding charge. To much complaints about this phone. it was just a waist of money to get for my family.

do not waste your money on this phone not worth it. i have dropped call all the time and unable to send or recieve picture messages. plua my screen went completely white unable to use it anymore

I bought this.phone first its not on the 3g or 4g network internet an vidz run slow and the phones calibration is off I go to hit.one button and end up doing something else. Its takes for ever.for.me to make a call. Take heed yes its a cheap phone but ill rather spend my money for something else with value.

I loved this phone. The seller has been great with me too. They are always ready to answer my emails. My only problem is that I was not able to keep the phone. Straght Talk Sim card will NOT work in my area. But I recomend this phone and this seller.

Can  you use Verizon or do you have to have t mobile? And if I have Verizon do I have to have Sim cards what ever those are?

this phone is very slow and you can not down load anything and its a foreign phone. so with that said its a waste of money, they should be getting paid to trash those phones.

These phone were to be unlocked & usable with any service but that did not happen.  When I went to T-mobile & established my service phone were not usable.  Had to buy new phones

I purchased this phone and the button light was dim, the sound through both the listening ad verbal speakers were bad and the speaker phone barely worked. I had some issues with send MMS/Pictures but I feel that may have been my settings.In any case I had to return it due to so many issues. ProntoTech was very helpful from a Customer Service viewpoint.They kindly refunded my shipping charge since I paid extra for 5 day shipping. They refunded the full purchase price and made me even financially. Thanks ProntoTech for standing behind a quality return policy.I decided to order the 5.3 Version of the same phone. I am hopeful that it will not have any issues. If it does I trust ProntoTech to make it good. The Customer Service Rep. JASON was so helpful and exchanged at least 20 emails with me.Thanks,Randall

not what I expected it drop calls and didn't connect to the internet it was a waste of money and time

i have no bars no service unless i walk like down the street but when i had my old phone i got service by my house

Other then texting and calling that's all this phone can do. No internet, no picture sharing, can't get apps... Very disappointed.

Wow I'm really regretting purchasing this phone. I have had it for 2 days, and it does nothing but glitch over and over again. It's frozen on me twice and half of the apps don't work. I'm also not getting my text messages...this phone sucks! Buyer beware!

i have to reboot it all the time, i hate its phone probable could got cheap phone from the dollar store n it would work better than this one

it advertised as dual cameras... but the front facing camera does not work, it wont even give me a prompt to pull it up.. other than that its a cute phone.

The cell. Didn't work @ all.. Even tho we change the language, everything was Chinese .. We could install FB .. Or any application :(

The screen came alittle opened, the phone is slow, you can't screenshot nd the battery runs out to quickly.I dont recommend this product.

I choosed this phone because it was cute but this is not the phone i ordered not only did i recieve the wrong phone but i recieved it broken it will not charge n wen i activated the card to make a call you couldnt hear so the volume doesnt work

Bad, fake phone, guys pleas don't waste your money on that phone cause it's hot all the time when you place a phone call, wow even if they give me that phone for free, i will refuse to take it, cause it's not a phone

This phone is a piece of junk.  I purchased it for my daughter thinking it would be reliable and it is garbage.  She can't even receive calls!  The phone freezes all the time and it won't hold a charge.  I am extremely disappointed!  I would return it, but it outside of the 30 days...  figures!

first of all the charger is no good the phone will go blank every time u try to make a call and it keep blank out

one of the pluge on connect into the phone to charge is too big and one of the battery has no power to charge. can you please replacement them?

I did like the phone,but the power cord is very cheap.After one week I had to buy a new one.

Phone crash a lot i tried a lot to fix but still not working I hope everyone else doing fine....

One question, how do you screenshot with this phone? As for the review, its an okay phone it just dies too fast and doesnt play videos and you hear the person on call a little low.

its a good phone but really bad in so many ways it barely turn a month and i'm having so much problems with it. my phone calls dont  come in its freezes it tweaks a lot not a well recommended phone

Hurt itself down when connecting to Bluetooth, or fail to connect.  Got extremely hot while charging.  Would not run most application

I received phone in good timing. The only problem I had with this phone is that the battery does not keep charge. I have to buy a new battery for phone.

This is not a good phone. The processor is really slow. Its a 20 dollar phone and thats it!!!!!don't buy it...

I like the phone itself and its set up; however, the batteries are too weak for the phone and need charging too often.

I am very happy with this purchase!

It looked like Galaxy phone but it's far from it. I thought why spend all the money, get a cheap alternative. It was a big mistake. When it arrived it was already broken. Display light didn't work, kept shutting down, got over heated and looked like it was return at least 20 times.

There is an issue with the power on it.  Sometimnes it won't turn on after being off.  I have to take the battery out and put it back in to make it work right.  Quite disappointing!!!!!

The seller was not honest with the review of the phone.  That phone should be dumped.  The ear piece does not even match the phone, the volume is bad and after a few minutes of conversation the phone goes off.For the years I've been with Amazon I have never had to send back an item, and this seller should not be selling stuff through Amazon.

cant even rate. it is awful cant down load any apps will not connect to internet.... Att could not even find the numbers in the data base for manufacturer.... Never buying another quad band from anyone. JMcNeill

This is an alright phone if you are just looking for a good working phone. It is not a brand new, great working smartphone but it works with the Android market and seems to operate fine. It is a knock-off brand of the galaxy, so be careful to not be deceived but if you are buying for your teenager or child this would be a great starter for them.

Its damage, like a bad toy. It is a product that pays a lot of money for transportation and the bad. No catches, no good.

The phone is a generic with a dual sim capability, but, since I don't travel, only 1 sim card is needed.When I can get a good signal, it is acceptable. I am with the Walmart Unlimited Plan ($39.88/month) and amhappy with the phone. I am sad that I can't download some of the apps that I want but with a little bit of luck, I'll be ableto get over that hurdle. The phone is okay, though it didn't come with the protective cover as illustrated on the site, it isa nice phone. I'd buy another. My wife likes hers and is still trying to learn how to use it. The phone is worth more thanthe price.

I do not like this phone it drops calls it freeze, it has a mind of it's ownI would not recommend it to anyoneI wouldn't rate it but in order to write review I needed too!waste my money

well, I bought one of these mobiles and my experience has been unpleasant. explain:.i don't had problems with the delivery it was a time and it came faster because of what they said. but in spite of that the phone looks good physically, but its performance is crap, read priate memories when he wants and no when i needed, the applications as: whats app, bbm, facebook... on he are installed the phone stop working, when i recieve a call the screem goes white and i cant pic up the phone, the screen goes white and you have to remove the battery to because if you let it restart lasts 10 hours and is not fixed, the battery is discharged while the loading is slow navigation. the flash light it doesnt work.finally a terrible deception! it is certainly is a loss cost but I only have one month this phone and I can no longer use.

The phone is no good when its says generic do not order.It comes with two batteries that no good. No good!!

The camera is horrible, not a clear picture at all and the phone is possessed does not function right, the touch screen and buttons do not work all the time about 10 % of the time it will work and was a waste of money! I will be returning mine!

my phone isn't quite what I thought it would be!the phone freezes often and the service I have don't work inside my house only.

The phone looks and works nice, I was very excited about my phone and I couldn't wait to give Amazon my positive feedback, BUT.....once I clicked on the phone that I previously ordered, the pictures did not match the phone that I had in my hand. I am very upset about it and I feel as if I did not get what I paid for. I have contacted the seller and I am currently awaiting for a reply. HOPEFULLY I will get the phone that was in the picture, if not, then I will be getting my money back!!

Rarely had a signal in the same places my other 2 phones (with Straight Talk service and Verizon Service) had a good signals.  Box actually says &#34;1g&#34;.  Often unable to send texts or make calls due to no signal.  Never able to search the internet.  Phone seemed to have nice features but I was not able to use any except the FM radio.

This is one of the WORST things i have brought , i didn't tell you that you needed 2 sims cards and it still doesnt work , internet is slow , the phone sucks , the picture quality is beyond bad ! They need a RECALL on this phone . I wouldnt dare recommend this phone to anyone , the battery power doesn't work worth a nothing , i really want my money back cause this is not wassup ! But yeah nobody by this phone , i.ended up having to go to the store to get a new one ! Please dont buy this phone

This phone will not work as a cellular and data you can only use the data portion if you connect to the wifi.

Because the phone is some s*** it won't let you download anything it keep saying sim card remove... will not recommend it to anybody

phone charger isn't working and the phone is not starting after waiting almost one month and a half to be completely disappointed.

I'm very upset with this seller...five weeks ago I ordered this cell phone, it took three weeks in a half to come..when I got the product, I've noticed its a defected product from start.1. charger is not working had to use my charger2. battery drains in 20 minutes (charged to 100% for the first time while phone was off ) and still it drains battery in 20 minutes.3. this phone programmed with Chinese language by default and you cant change.4. a lot of apps is not working on this phone for instance snapchat is not working, facebook is not working, candy crush out of questions and etc.5. cell phone restarts five times on its own..6. when placing call you cant hear that clear (some kind of noise in background)7. no user manual to see how to operate this phone8. you cant view pictures through text messages...something is wrong with downloads because it wont show pictures from text messages.)9. this phone dont support 3G or 4G it only support G10. once this seller sold you this product for refund they dont answer email at allOver all I was not happy with product at all.. :) one tip before ordering this phone contact seller and as if they sending you out a new phone without defect or damage. I don't want anyone to go through what i went with this product.

I bought this phone for a friend. The product is poor quality and nothing seem to work. The phone freezes all the time and apps downloaded does not work. The phone did not meet my expectation.

Is a very bad cell!the camera doesn't have good resolution; is slow; the touch screen have problems and the batteries are mad.

I bought this phone for my daughters 22nd birthday lets just say now I'm the greatest mom ever she  is very happy with her new phone .that's all she's been talking about since it has arrived.i really like this phone

good service delivery, but the product is a scam because the battery does not help, is very small for the cell, besides that much gasket. I do not recommend this purchase

I REALLY DISLIKE THIS PRODUCT NO , NO, NO I WOULD NOT RECAMEND IT TO ANYONE!!!!!!!! DONT LIKE DONT LIKE.

there's a lot of defects,such us:de phone would frizz out of no where, the cable charger doesn't fit right,the charger over heat without charging....it looks cute though

I'm having a hard time hearing people talk in the phone. when I receive calls I can't hear anything that is being aid to me at all. I thought when i purchase the phone I was assuming that it was in good condition, but now I have to find someone to look at the phone to determine what is wrong with the phone

Not what was advertised certain applications didn't work. I think it was a complete rip off and a waste of  time and money.

It don't work at all. And I have sent it back. It was a present for my niece and it don't work.

I got this phone about a month ago and i seem to be having no major issues with it yet. The Phone it self was exactly what i was expecting. It is such an upgrade from what i last had. And im so happy how well the apps run on this phone. I am just over all happy with this product.

worst phone ever had it a week now cant download what i really need full a s*** and you place a larger memory card and it does not help it wont allow you to sake stuff to memory card. plus the batter dies really fast i hate hate hate hate it don't buy

It's a really nice phone for the price. It doesn't hold a charge for very long, but it's worked out good for me.

It worked very well in Venezuela.The only problem is that reports all the time that does not have enough space available.

wow so i ordered this cheap white phone that isn't even compatible with instagram and cant download simple apps like candy crush, instead i get sent a black phone that doesn't even have the button on the bottom, instead has a house and some other 3 buttons at the bottom, a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT PHONE, and it stops working right after a few days! we can touch the screen but it wont let us slide ANYWHERE to unlock it ! what a complete scam and rip off! i want my money back immediately!!!!!!

keep getting half naked ladys sent to my phone from china, volume buttonacts up when your talking on the phone

i tried after i ordered this product to see if it was straight talk i madfe it to a straight talk phone after i spent 60.00 more dollars on phone i am so upset with phone cant hear on it very depressing

this phone sux bad. i dont like it, it deleted all my numbers. i couldnt download apps. internet runs super slow. do not buy.

When I got the phone I thought I was getting a nice phone at a reasonable price. Turns out that I couldn't move my contacts from my SIM card to the phone, then I couldn't figure out how to hang up after making a phone call. To top it all off, I simply put the phone down on the table after I used it to call my husband and at 4 am it callled my cousin and woke her up. That was the end of using that phone. I am currently in the process of sending it back for a refund. Very disappointed in the performance. Going with a name brand product where I can print the user guide for the inital set up of the phone.

My Screen Was Cracked When I Received It & It Runs Slow Even With Internet Connection,& You Can Only Receive Texts & Calls

I received this phone batteries did not hold more then a few hours.  the phone would not hook up to WIFI and would not send pic messages.  when I asked that it be replace.  I was told to return the phone UPS to a CHINA address.  I received it regular mail.  I have to pay postage and she will refund my money then I can re purchase any phone I want. this is muy first experiance with AMAZON and I am not happy.

Battery dies every 3 hours and it doesn't have sd card an internal memory is quite low. it is just ok.

after one month the screen started to leak the LCD, it have a big spot in the screen growing every day, we had to change for another cellphone, chineese products are cheap but bad quality,

My son and i love this phone!!! It was worth the price.. we plan to change all our phones to this one...

Unlike the other model that is more functional, has features that make the phone look like very simple, but it works well.

i just hate it an it looks defendant in  d front when i got it  u  you have  an it keeps sticking

when i bought the phone i thought it's similar somehow to Galaxy phones. Unfortunately, it was nothing like a normal phone. when i opened it...it felt like a toy phone, i tried to save some numbers into my contacts it took forever. i tried to text... it took for everrrr to respond and with picture messages it never allowed me to do so. i struggled to exit the screen or whatever i was checking. overall, it's dead slow and i really hated it and badly regret taking the time to shop on line for a phone. on top of that, i paid from own pocket to return it even though i barely used it. it was a matter of one night where i tested it, got so upset, then put back in its box. i already sent it by mail ten days ago and till now i didn't receive my money back. By the way, it's supposed to be my son's reasonable gift and affordable to me....thanks

I don't know if I just happened to get a defective phone or this phone is really not of good quality. I bought this phone for my daughter and she has had nothing but problems with it. She can't even call out on the phone. When I used to call her it made a very loud noise and static in the phone. She can't send or receive picture messages. They say the phone is compatible with T mobile but it is not. I have wal-mart family mobile but they run  off the t-moible network. The phone looks nice, but that is the only good thing that is has to offer. Sending it back to amazon in the morning. I would definitely not recommend this phone.

i hate to even give it one star. phone is crap dose not work. cant get my money back tryed a carrier bought the phone card for that just to come and find i just wasted 50$ because this carrier will not work with it because te phone is not unlock like stated at time of purchase so not only did I waste $60 for phone I wasted 50 dollars for phone card and 25 for sim card.

It sucked, dont buy it you will hate it. Its a scam phone. I never had service, the battery died every 20 minutes

NO

I gave it away... the battery life was horrendous, plus  the operating system was very very erratic. The speaker was shallow at time the voice on the other end was unintelligible.

This phone my son bought this its one of the worst phone I have ever seen we live in the Island so we thought we would buy this phone because its a unlocked phone what a nightmare its has goggle play store but every time you try to get a app its says not available  in your country we cant do a thing with this phone, my son took it to our local network provider here and not even the technician cant figure it out, cant get Facebook to work and whats app doesn't work properly either sometime it just goes blank what a disaster i bought a LG optimus G pro that works superb  here no problem at all, when you buy cheap you get cheap lesson well learn't  I felt bad because I encouraged him to buy I this phone, i should have just let him saved his money and get something proper, he wasted his money sorry to say but its the truth.

This phone really sucks anything you could imagine to be wrong with a phone is exactly what happens with it when they say generic they really mean it.

This phone is apiece of junk!!! No one buy it! Its not worth they money it will only last a month!

The appliance does not work I get injured, I'm late sending and after receiving the package revice and this phone does not turn ... I failed and damaged in any way make it work, I would fix my problem but not that way , I really need a phone that gets me. Appreciate what can help me to solve my problem

However it is a nice phone to have. Not  too big if it was not for the battery life i would recommend it to friends and family .

i wouldnt recommend this product. although it had some nice features...the quality was cheap and dissapointing to my purchasing spirit.

dis phone works better than u think i love this phone its pretyy inside and out itds just fabulous for me

Dose anyone know if you can used this phone with t mobile Sim card? I really like how the phone look and herd some go things so hopefully some one gets back to me thanks

It was a waste of money! First, both the cameras suck, the graphics are low budget, and my sim card didnt work at all in it. its listed as tmobile but it didnt read my or my fiances card. i reccomend to not buy!!!!!

I dislike this product very much. Your description is lacking the fact that it is a knock off and I didn't even get the chance to download any apps and it already told me I have minimal storage space left when everything on the phone is what it came with. I will not be buying any products from this company.

DOESNT COME WITH A SIM CARD. That's a very disappointing fact! It took me forever to find one, and of course I just decided to resell this thing. It's a good phone but I need something that comes with a SIM card to make my life easier! No wonder this was so cheap!!

The phone batteries die every 3hours after charged..It's has beautiful look but batteries are a major downfall for this device.

The phone don't work cannot download or get games I need a new one. And hopefully soon I need my phone

The picture on amazon looks like the Samsung 4G but when you get it its nothing like the original phone. The phone is not usable while charging and the apps are weird. not very durable either, it was dropped once by my child and the screen cracked along with the corner braking off. Always had a hard time searching for the network. Not impressed at all.

The product is not of  good quality, the network is low.Sincerely speaking, I do not even use it, I'm sorry.

This phone is a good phone it is very sorry can't here nonthing it's too small phone mess up a lot

This is a horrible phone and doesn't work good, I would return it and get my money back if I could!

This phone has no memory from the second u buy it. the system apps take up 90% so u constantly get a memory full message. it wont let you fix the problem by rooting the phone because the memory is too full. Most frustrating thing to go through and also the flashlight system app kept downloading pictures of half naked asian ladies to my photo albums.

it works good! It's nice and cheap. Like every samsung, is perfect!I suggest it if you want a good phone but you dont wanna spend a lot od money.fast delivery.

I love it it is the phone that I want. the color black is better than white. thanks.I am hapy.

This phone keeps freezing and hanging up on calls and does not ring in calls. Pretty much i wish i never bought this phone.

Looks like a regular smart phone you could find in a store, but is not. This phone would work for a minute and would stop, letting a bunch of messages through, but then we couldn't even reply or call out.  Mobile carrier tried to find the phone anywhere on the web to see how to trouble shoot, but couldn't.  After spending hours trying to figure it out, the best reason given was that maybe it wasn't totally unlocked, but who knows...

The phone is cheaply made and i like how it looks. I didnt ever run the phone because it dosnt work with verizon.

This phone is not legitimate, the phone is really fragile. it's not worth the price I paid for it. do not buy....

This phone absolutely sucks. Does not keep charge just does what it wants. I can't download anything. If u do it keeps cutting off. It's just not a good phone!

Phones junk and doesn't charge and since I got it nothing but kept hanging up on me when I was in the middle of phone calls. This phone is a fake andriod doesn't even have gmail or any of the real android apps installed on it already. Really slow on top of it and especially when you contact the seller asking questions about the phone they don't no NOTHING WHAT SO EVER ... DEFINENTLY RATE THIS PHONE AS A 1 star unhappy ..

I want to purchase this phone but I had a question. Is it 4g capable because the phone plan I have is 4g

I got this phone off of eBay for the cheapest price ever ! Cannot believe it and it was new not used

Pure manure. Sucks big time. What the heck is this? Its really actually horse manure. False advertisement BIG TIME! I totally got ripped off!

Sad I don't advise anyone to purchase this phone. Poor sound and I wont even mention the rest. UNSATISFIED CUSTOMER!!!!

I would like to know if this phone is a 3g r 4g and can it be use as att

I got this item for my daughter for christmas, first it came after christmas.. She got it to turn on once, she turned it off and was never able to turn it back on.. Now I try to return it, I find out its a 3 party I got it from..grrr and they have no free return shipping.. I go to ups and they tell me it will cost 95.00 to return it.. now what do I do.. needless to say im not very happy..

The phone looks good but thats all the constrution is poor quality but i get the old saying is true you getwhat you pay for

This was the worst phone I have ever owned. I bought this because the price looked great for a smartphone. DON't let the price fool you. This phone says it is compatible with t-mobile sim card but whenever I tried calling someone the call wouldn't go through. Also the phone kept saying that I didn't have enough space to download any apps and I even had an sd card in it. The picture quality is terrible and the phone is slow and unreliable. Do not buy this phone.

waited for 4 weeks and when it got here , It did not work. It would not open a key board ,so I could not text,message or use the internet. Also would just go white screen .

The phone was working ok the first 2 weeks of usage. After that when I would be in the middle of a call I would be talking and the other caller couldnt hear anything I was saying but I could hear them. I dont know what went wrong but I had to return the phone back to the seller.Couldnt enjoy the phone for 1 month!!

I couldnt use it more than a week!!!! Sorry but def. dont buy.... No Way its not worth it just buy a real phone

It sounds like both parties are talking under water on this phone.  Battery will not stay charged for very long.

Phone is not working iternetAnd sim card i do not whant the phone what do i do what do i do

It is the same thing that the alone samsum galaxi it is necessary to lower the applications and have a plan of byline or Internet aase her same in to the samsum less than the sl 4 the last one but him flataria the sensors i listI like it much is the maximum thing.Chinese continue haci and it is a way of acavar with the corrucion

I choose this rating because this phone has an echo while talking on it .im not able to get rid of it but other wise i like it .

nooooooooo no lo kompren  cant receive txt images not like itmoney went to trash poor line internet goes down

the wifi suckssome games cant downloadcamera is horriblein voices is horriblephone has alot of glitchesbad graphics

This phone sucks!!!! speaker is terrible, it freezes constantly, no 2g,3g, or any other &#34;G&#34; will pick up with this phone!!!! Amazon shouldn't even let them sell this crap on their site!!!!

I love it...it s nice,and I have download a lot of songs..it s a lovely phone.I have ordered 2 for friends and I m going to order for my sister.

Not the phone advertised on Amazon.  I did order a &#34;Mini 7100&#34; I know everyone is out to make money but what goes around will come back around.

This phone is made for use outside of the United States.  I had horrible service and every time I made or received a call they were dropped(every last one of them).  None of the applications were beneficial to me and they were not in English.  The GPS sucked....too many issues to even complain about.  I will never purchase a phone from outside of the actual company anymore.

not to my best expectation. A little bit complicated. not what I expected but it is still good for the job it is required to do.

the apps are slow..but for now the phone is working well.. i might buy a new one after a couple of months if it continues to work well

EXCELLENT TEAM FOR SO LITTLE MONEY REALLY HAS NOTHING to envy BIG BRANDS, MANY THANKS TO MY SUPPLIER, I highly recommend it

The reception sucks!!!  When I talk on the phone my voice get so soft that people can't hear me even if I'm already screaming from the top of my lungs.  I already adjusted to the max of my in-call volume but to no avail.

Always freezes. kicks me out of apps, messaging, and internet. Super slow! Waste of money, & time. Wouldnt recomend this.

Such a beautiful phone but unfortunately it didn't work properly... during the first hour the phone dropped calls phone kept completely cutting off and kept freezing.... now waiting on my refund

Overall it is good. Very good product for people who want have few features and phone for calling with low price.

This product didn't work, the volume quality is very low, that was enough for me. I now have a phone that I cannot return or use. I do not recommend this product to anyone.

the phone is extremely slow, the internal memory space is not adequate to face the challenges of this technology, not buy another phone from them, COMOPRE by the double sim option, but chooses to buy the s4 my double samsun already probe and is the one that solves my requirements which are rapid response, and do what I ask when I ask

cheap and doesn;t work very well and hard to deal with and lousy buy. granddaughter.bought it by mistake. never again.

I put in the SIM card and the phone did not work.  it looks like the samsung but is a waste of money.

I chose this rating because this phone is terrible. isnt even worth one star!! I got it within two weeks . Was excited but then found out the phone barely works! It does not charge nor stay charged! it charged the whole night and still said it was on 50 percent! if you go on any app it forecloses on you ! Camera didnt work, wasnt getting messages or phone calls. you cant do anything on this phone without having a problem with it! This is deff something you guys would want!

I'm disappointed the telephone need 2 SIM cards and I haven be able to activate is to complicated to work with it

The phone does not pick to well and when it does I can't hardly hear the other person on the other end. The camera stopped working after a day. It just suck's!!!

This product isn't a bit of good. The camera really sucks and the volume is terrible. I wouldn't recommend u buy this

the phone is great, feels, great, a nice phone, i just felt it was slow for me and the quality was a tiny bit weird but overall it was really nice

After reading countless reviews of the phone's sucky performance, I might add that my phone never even came. I wonder whether these people even have a company or whether they are operating a sweat shop out of a basement. When I sent the company an e-mail, inquiring about my phone, I didn't even get a response back. I had to put in a claim with Amazon and wonder whether I will ever even see my money at all.All I can say is that I feel like a complete idiot. I should have read the reviews beforehand instead of being impressed by the good price. The phone was supposed to be for my 9 year old granddaughter, so I didn't want to spend a ton of money on it. Well, now she doesn't have a phone and I possibly lost my money. I will be more careful next time.

After only a short period of time the phone stopped randomly charging. No I did not force the charger in the phone it was the phone that had the issues or a faulty charger.

don't get this phone the battery runs down in 30 mins. and i am being nice when i make this statement ... your phone will continuously be invaded by Chinese porn..when you try to erase them they will hide in your photo gallery. there is no storage space even with  sd card ..so you are limited to the size message you send and you can forget about sending pic messages ..no facetime it won't support the apps..the charger is not equipped to charge this phone  but still you will only have less then 30 mins. talk time .. maybe a hour stand bye time ..and thats truly stand bye(no use at all)..Please use your money else where

This phone was a huge waste of money, it never worked. Trust me do not buy this because you will regret it to the fullest. I ended up throwing mine into the street because it was so terrible not once did I receive a text message and all my calls were dropped within one minute into the conversation. I would not recommend this phone for anyone. I wish I couldn't rate it at all.

The phone is nice looking n thats about it...i got it for my dad and he hates it and so do i it wont download any apps...and it says it dont have an sd card when it does....

Although i liked the phone as advertised or hyped by amazon, the item did not match my expectations. For one, the only battery with which you delivered it does not last even an hour!!! I now have to buy a new battery for it, and that means more expenses. So, i just put aside the use of the phone altogether!

it doesn't hold a charge for no more than 30mins and also you can't hear a d*** thing on it and even when I have it on speaker phone you can't hear sh**............ifi could rate it a ZER0 I would.....

The phone is nice, was a little confused about the kind of case cover it uses. I ordered a couple cases that were supposedly for a  a samsung galaxy s3 or kinda like it, but they didn't fit. Also the end button does not function properly after making a call. In other words I can't hang up. Sometimes it works and when it doesn't I have to push the power button to end the call. And volume is not that loud, even when it's all the way up. But overall it's just okay.

The phone camera doesn't work and it only shows pictures in black and white. I will not recomend this phone to anyone.

I ordered this phone thinking it was going to be different and man did i think wrong after two days of having this phone the charger became loose and my phone wouldn't charge and every phone i have ever had has never done that. This phone is a disgrace and is fake and is not a real galaxy. I take good care of my phones and i don't appreciate ordering a fake phone thank you amazon for letting me waste $90.00 and the bad part is i cant even return this phone. To the people that think about ordering a phone from ebay or amazon go to someone who knows a lot about ordering a phone Be sure it is a good phone and the actual phone.

The only thing I like about this phone is the exterior.  The phone cannot even download anything,  if you download an app, one the app is download you cannot Ken it,  so pointless....I returned it.  Do not get this phone. Waste of money and time. But it came quickly and the seller have great customer service.

This product is lousy. U can't hear anything on it so the volume sucks, my internet was not working correctly, it was slow, the camera was no good. And its EXTREMELY hard to open in. The back oh and it wouldn't take my SD card.

Terrible is how should start out, regarding this product. My husband and I purchased this for our 12 year old daughter. Poor baby never had opportunity to receive and or even make one call on this piece of garbage. Save yourself the headache, and save your money! Don't purchase!

I ordered this phone for a friend of mine who is not very tech savvy, meaning high tech phones like mine (galaxy S4) is too high tech for him, so I ordered this phone for him because his old phone started giving him problems. I was very impressed with how fast it came. It stated that it would come in about a month and it came in less than a week.. so that was a plus. As soon as I put his SIM card in the phone it worked fine without any problems. The only downfall is that it is working on a 2G or 3G network so it was very slow downloading apps from the app store. But once they were loaded it was fine. This is not a Galaxy phone by far but it is suitable phone for anyone who is not very tech savvy and only wants to make calls and receive calls, check their facebook and text it's ideal and for the price you can't beat it. If you are looking for high tech stuff on this phone then this is not for you, but if you want a cheap phone that works sufficiently for basic needs then you would be happy with this phone. So far my friend is happy with the phone.
