
I really like this phone I got it for my grandaughter and shes 10 so its small and it works for her easy to text and use, so Im pleased and she is too.

I ordered this phone for my son for his birthday, and since I ordered it early the warranty had expired a month after he got it.  There's a 60 return policy on it, and at day 62 the phone quit working!

I accidentally washed my phone and I'm can't upgrade for another year, so I bought this phone. It does exactly what I need and I actually like its size and accessibility. I was surprised how much I so like it.

look new, work very good for the price.At this time i have no problems with the cell. Perfect for the price.

i bought this cellphone from walgreens pharmacy store,to be sincere is a good cellphone and i liked.easy to use,nice camera,mp3 player and fm radio a quality plus one.battery life could be better but for me is ok,compact and cute.easy to use and dial.but this little wonder hides something evil, desafortunalety can dial the 911 on its own,sometimes without pressing any key,it happened to me.a few days ago i returned from my job and was watching the news for my surprise a police officer was knocking at my door,i was very surprised i opened the door and the officer told me if something had happened and told me someone dialed from a cellphone number  appearing to be me.i offered an apology telling the officer my cellphone dialed itself,no emergency at all, when i looked outside my house there was 4 police cars waiting outside.from this day on i stopped using this little wonder that can bring you a big headache.

This phone shipped SUPER fast and it is really a great little phone!  I lost two phones in one year and was not about to spend hundreds on a third one, so I figured I would use this one until my free upgrade - but honestly, this phone works just perfectly so I will not be running out for my upgrade and instead, I'll just save it.  The only thing I wasn't expecting was that there was no SIMS card - but I just went to a nearby AT&T and they put it in (free) and activated the phone right there, so it wasnt a big hassle.

This phone is great! I know I only had it for a few days, but for the price it's great. The only thing I don't like is the At&t customer service because it is a machine talking to you, but you just press 1 and you have a person ready to go on the other line! The battery life is good, and the manuel is easy to read. GREAT BUY!

PROS:  Reception is great.  I do not us the internet on my phone, but it does work great for texting/phone calls...would even make a great MP3 player since you can insert a microSD card.  The battery life is really good.  I listen to the FM radio all day, plus text and phone calls and it still has batterly life at the end of the day. A great replacement phone if you have AT&T; and don't want to renew a contract for 2 Years...just insert sim card and keep on rolling!CONS:  This phone and the keys are VERY small, so if you have big hands/fingers this may not be the phone for you.

I paid only $19.99 for this phone at Radio Shack.  This awesome little phone has:1. Built-in flash light.2. Good camera adjustments.3. Very nice music player.4. Nice color and design.Oh, it is also very light.

This is my first internet review of anything so know that I wouldn't have written this unless I felt absolutely compelled to inform the phone-buying public what a mistake it would be to purchase this phone for any other reason then to alleviate a temporary emergency of some kind. Even in that case it is hard to imagine a scenario where buying this phone would be the best option.I bought mine for 40 bucks at Walmart after losing my phone. It was an easy fix- I just popped in an AT&T; post paid sim card and I had service again. A couple weeks later I switched to an AT&T; sim card on Straight Talk (could not recommend them enough though!) and service has been great.This phone is a major bummer though, I don't think AT&T; has tested this product. This makes us all canon fodder for that evil corporation.All of the problems with this phone are with the open face keyboard. The other reviews are spot-on about the pocket dialing 911 while on screen lock. I once pocket dialed 911 twice in one day!! Good thing they don't fine you for this because I would sue AT&T; GoPhone for reimbursement. I took action to take it off screen lock, deciding pocket dialing friends was less serious than bothering emergency services. Pocket dialing 911 still occurred because sometimes my phone would lock its screen anyway even though I had that option deactivated. (This is where people are going to become skeptical about my compatibility with basic technology.)No matter though, the real problem came after I woke up this morning and found my entire phone's memory reset and all of my contacts now lost (for the second time since this year). I don't know how this happened but I am guessing if it was my fault it was due to pocket-hitting some combination of buttons on the keyboard that selected and confirmed this option. I was doing some rather intense carpentry work yesterday for most the day and night while it was in my pocket. If it wasn't my fault than the phone just decided to do this on its own.Oh and I had one text message and one voice mail when I woke up. The text was from my ex-girlfriend trying to get me to go to breakfast. The voice mail was from the Seattle Police saying I had called them and it had sounded like the phone was in my pocket. Now the only two phone numbers I have on my phone are of the Seattle Police and the girl that I don't want to see anymore.The real kick in in the pants is that in three days a new phone I ordered to replace this piece of junk will arrive. I almost escaped the Alcatel hell but the demon phone had the last laugh. I wanted to smash it more than anything but its my only phone right now so that would be making it worse. It was slated to be a back-up phone but now when my new Samsung gets here I will be smashing it with much satisfaction. For now all I can do is release my anger in this Amazon review.Take it or leave it.

Its a good little phone. If you are buying this phone thinking it has the latest and greatest technology then yes of course you will be disappointed. Its simple, user friendly, and REALLY LOUD (for those that are hard of hearing this would be a great choice). The vibrate feature is strong and the Menu layout is simple. The Software update was nice and quick (less than 10min) and it gets the job done. Only downside i could say about this phone is that it is VERY small which means the keys are VERY close together. So big handed people beware.Seriously just be realistic in what you are buying. If you think you can spend $30 and get a top notch phone, you are out of your mind. You get what you pay for, and for $30 this is a darn good buy.

this phone starts up easy,keypad stays lighted while I am trying to text which is great, and love this phone

this phone is the worst. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!  the imternet sucks, the camera sucks, i dial 911 on a daily basis. when the phone is locked you can still dial 911 if you press the numbers.  I cant send pictures i cant upload anything to facebook or twitter. its a reallly bad phone. although i guess it would be an ok starter phone for a child, but thats about it.

Note what I expected. Was described with features that weren't in service anymore when I got the phone. Sound is too low even all the way up. Very disappointed. Would not recommend.

The numbers and letters are so small on this phone that I need to wear reading glasses and have good light to see them.  It is very hard not to hit other buttons by accident while texting.  Also, pictures come in so tiny, they are nearly impossible to see.  I am not pleased with this product.

I came to this phone from an iPhone, so I had to temper my expectations. I'm not a heavy texter or talker, and just wanted to move to a basic phone for ~10 texts per day. I like the Qwerty keyboard and the menu layouts, everything's easy to figure out.Single CON: But battery life is HORRID. I'm getting less than 24 hours of battery on a full charge, with 5-15 texts sent/received and 25 minutes total talk time. That's pitiful for a basic featured phone. Previous experiences with basic phones would give me a few days between charges at least, not 18-19 hours.

Cute little phone, kind of generic icons but functional.  However... We threw it out after just over a month because it called 9-1-1 at least once a week while locked!!  Like a previous reviewer said, there's no way to turn off this feature and it doesn't take much for it to happen.  Good idea in theory, bad in reality.

I really like this phone. I normally prefer slider or flip phones, but this phone was very easy to get used to using, easy to use. No problem hearing on phone calls. A lot of phones do not have enough volume to clearly hear the person you are talking to, but I do not have that problem with this phone. The buttons are big enough to make texting easy for someone like me who is not tech savvy.

it is good enough for simple user. telephone and message if you don't care other aps and web surf .

this phone is what I needed for texting as that is all I use my cell phone for and I am very pleased with this product. very simple to set up and use immediately

Item as described. Basic phone. Nothing special.I don't use the internet because beforehand I know that this old model will not be as fast as the newer phones now e.g. iPhones etc.I mainly use it for my business. Quick phone calls and text messaging.The audio quality is superb. Speaker is better than my iPhone 4.No complaints. Great for the price.I don't recommend this to people who will use it for Facebook, Twitter, or to browse the Internet.

Bought this phone after my &#34;smartphone&#34; started acting stupid.. Got sick of all the fancy crap & just wanted a phone that I could text & make calls on.. This phone is amazing, love the keyboard.. Does exactly what I want it to do with a great price tag..

Works fine has some issues bad battery, volume of ring tone too low is OK if you holding in bra at all time, Bluetooth with car have some safety issue always need to reach to car monitor to switch to car speakers. Is good for temporary use only.

I got this 6 months ago and I am 40+. I down graded from a smart phone to this phone because I needed to scale back financially. First thing I noticed is that there was a hissing sound when I used the phone. Others didn't hear it but I did and I just you get what you pay for it. There is a lot of logic missing in the organization on this phone. There is a way to block callers but it's hard to find it if you can, and the instructions booklet is hard to find stuff using logic of where you think thing should be. The keyboard is small and even tho it lights up it can be very difficult to use with limited light. The texting quick spell is okay but not as good as a smart phone.The screen is too small to view most pictures or videos so I ask friends not to send them to me. I have to recharge my phone every day. The storage is limited and will stop saving text you send out when it get full. I also have to trash photos to free up space, but if I could download them to computer to save would be so nice. I huge flaw to me is that I cannot connect this to my computer like i did my other phones, so I cannot backup my photos or videos or down load anything on to my computer. I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

The keypad is very small. To dial a number quickly is almost impossible without pressing to digits at a time. When phone is in my front pocket I thought I would not have the problem of dialing inadvertently...not so. It's too sensitive.  Biggest gripe is the battery lasts no more than 36 hours( includes turning off phone at about 9:oopm and on at about 7:ooam.  I wouldn't take this phone camping.

Let me start off by saying this: I use my cell phone for calling and texting. I do not bother with internet, since I don't really need it when I'm out.Onto reviewing the phone. Here are some PROS:-The keyboard lights up, making it easy to text in the dark.-Phone calls are clear. I have no trouble hearing people when I make a call.-Allows a micro SD card: This is one of the few Go Phones that seems to allow a micro SD card (at least from what I read). I personally love to use micro SD cards for personalized ring tones, music, and additional storage space.-Flashlight feature: How often do you find yourself using your cell phone to see in the dark? Well, this phone offers a flashlight feature, giving you a bright light so you can see even better!-Camera: This is not the greatest camera, but for a quick snap shot it works well. Again, from what I read most go phones lack this feature, so I was happy to find a Go Phone that had this.-Battery: The battery seems to be fine. It lasts at least 1-2 full days before I have to recharge. This varies depending on phone calls and usage.-Music player: It's similar to an ipod in that it lets you listen to music. The sound quality is good.-Standard headphone jack: This is very important for me. I can't stand the usb headphone jacks. Just give me a standard headphone jack please!CONS:-Texting is a little difficult: The keys are VERY tiny. I am a young female with tiny hands, but even I have a hard time pressing these tiny buttons. If you have large hands and you are a heavy texter, I would look elsewhere.-Accidental 911 call: It has not happened to me, but I do think about it after reading other reviews. The biggest complaint is accidentally calling 911 when it is in your pocket. You can not lock this feature. It even says it in the user guide that you can call 911 even when it is locked. I understand what they were attempting to do, but when you have so many people accidentally calling 911 it clogs up the emergency phone lines. This is not good for obvious reasons.-It limits your personalized ring tones to 15 seconds max. This is not a major issue, but if you are like me and enjoy a personalized ring tone, then you need to be very careful when creating it to ensure it is 15 seconds or less. This can be bothersome to some people because if your favorite part of a song is 20 seconds long, then you need to cut it down somehow or else it will not work on this phone. Again, this is not a major issue, but it's just something that bugs me a bit.Overall, it is a great little phone if you are looking to save some money via Go Phone plan. I personally am using the $25 monthly plan. This phone is perfect for that.

for the price it has all the basic capabilities of other more expensive phones. I can use it, or charge it. And many a time I've dropped it. Tough resistance.

I bought one back in August and after a week took it back.It kept calling people randonomly and target electronics staff tried to lock the keyboard and it would not lock.they noticed a few other problems and exhanged itThis other phone lasted 2 months and it keeps turning off.I bought a new battery online and the same thing happened.I will never buy anything from alcatel again!!I am returning back to Pantech link.I had a link for 2 years and never had any problems- just wanted to try something newwell atleast target will give me $5 store credit when I give them the alcatelalso i wanted to add that after 1 1/2 months the qulaity of the pictures I took with the camera on the alcatel got very bad

This is a Christmas gift for my daughter - so it has not been opened yet.  Was very happy with the prompt shipment and receiving of it.

This is a great, sturdy, basic phone. Perfect as a back up when one's smartphone dies or is stolen. Some menus are buried a bit deep both other than that it is more than adequate for simple phone functions. I wish the ringers on my smartphone could be as loud as they are on this one.

I decided to wait a few months to write the review on this one. I had this model of phone originally and it blew up in the car. Apparently your not supposed to expose cell phone batteries to extreme high temperatures. So I loved the one I had so I ordered another one. THis phone was used when I recieved it. It was slightly dirty on the exterior. The phone over all though is very good and has lasted me for 4 months or so maybe a bit more. I am really happy with the phone... remember ppl dont put your phone in a hot car!

I've owned this phone for 3 weeks after buying it at Radioshack.  The first week was okay, but going into the 2nd week was where things started to go downhill.  After about 3 days of owning the phone, I could go 2 or 3 days without charging my phone.  A few days later, I have to charge it every day as it'll easily lose half of its charge in about 12 hours from doing almost nothing.  That's something I'd expect from a smartphone, not this thing.  After what happened last week, the battery was (and is) the least of my worries.I was getting ready for work one day and I received a call.  It was from my county's sheriffs office.  My phone had somehow dialed 911 without my knowledge and with such little effort, as I've never had this issue with a candy-bar style phone.  It's been a few days since then.  Now on August 11th (Sunday), my phone had dialed 911 AGAIN!  This time I was already at work and my phone was on silent with nothing in my pocket besides my phone.  There wasn't even anything pressing against my leg.-final noteBefore finalizing this review, I found out what's causing it.  It's more at fault with Alcatel, as they put 2 methods of calling 911 when the screen is locked.  You can either dial 911 and press the green (call) button, or press & hold the green button.  I'm still confused as to how the call button was pressed specifically.Edit 8/12/2013I was able to update the firmware, turns out I just had the data service off (When my phone mentioned Over The Air update, I thought it wouldn't use data).  The file is only 26kbs, which cost me 6 cents in data, but this should've been taken care of by the carrier or manufacturer as this issue is at no fault to the consumer.  I will give my review a 3 star instead of the 2 I have given it.  Luckily no charges have been brought against me as I noticed my phone dialed 911 2 times last Saturday (8/10) and once a few days before that, making it a total of 3.Now that I have it taken care of though, I will go ahead and add more to this review.CameraA 2 MP camera is included with this phone as well as a video camera.  I give the camera quality a 3/5.  The pictures come out alright, but I can't complain for a $30 price tag.  The camera does have a flash that can be set to On, Off, Auto or Red Eye Reduct.  There is also a night mode in case the image is still too dark/grainy after using flash.Picture Resolutions: 1600x1200 (2mp), 1280x960 (1.2MP), 640x480(0.3MP) and 220x176 (may be the phone's native screen resolution).Video Resolutions (MP4): 640x368 (20 fps, 10 with night mode), 320x240 (30fps, 15fps in night mode), 176x144 (30fps, 15fps in night mode)Video Resolutions (3GP): 176x144 (15fps, may be same or less with night mode).In Video mode, the audio quality can't be changed that I am aware of.  The audio quality isn't great, but the video quality is decent at best.FM RadioThis phone is equipped with an FM Radio.  In order to use it, all you need is any pair of headphones or auxiliary cable.  The FM Radio works quite well on this phone.  It does not use the internet, so there is no worry of data charges.  There is also some kind of chip, I forget what it's called, that allows you to see what song is playing, provided the station you're listening to sends it out over the airwaves.  This doesn't use data either.  You can also record the station you're listening to for later playback.  Go in settings to change the recording settings though.  You have a choice of AMR or WAV sound file.  AMR will sound like you're trying to listen to the radio over a phone call.  You will want to use WAV, which records at 60kbps or somewhere around there.BluetoothThis phone comes with the real bluetooth that I like, not the crippled bluetooth that some providers put in.  By crippled, I mean by the company trying to make you use data to transfer pictures or files so that it's more $ for the phone company.  I've used phones where you can't transfer files by bluetooth except for phonebook contacts.  The bluetooth on this phone lets you stream music via bluetooth if you have a headset or speaker that has bluetooth.  I've transferred pictures and videos to my tablet and pictures from my tablet to my phone and it works just fine.MemoryThis phone has a 50mb internal capacity and uses a MicroSD card for more storage capacity.  A MicroSD card is not included with purchase, but thankfully I had a spare laying around.  I believe this phone can accept up to 32gb's if I'm not mistaken.  You will need a MicroSD card if you want to take a lot of videos.  The highest resolution at the highest quality will take up your internal memory in about 2 minutes if you have nothing on it.Wall Charger, USB CableA wall adapter comes with this phone with a detachable USB Cable so you can transfer files to your computer.  The USB Cable is a simple Micro-USB cable.  The wall charger charges at 550 MA.  In the event you forget your wall charger, you can simply connect the USB cable to a nearby computer with an open USB port to charge.  A normal USB 2.0 Port charges at 500 MA (50 less MA), so the charging time won't vary too much if you need to charge your phone in a hurry.ToolsThere are a decent number of tools available on this phone.  This phone includes a calendar, alarm clock, notes, world clock, Currency & Unit Converter, flash light and a voice recorder (which you can change the quality on.  There's AMR, which is the default, quality sounds like a phone call.  You will want to use WAV since it's a more common sound file and also has way better sound quality).Overall, this is not a terrible phone.  I just wish the 911 issue never happened and that the update was put in before it went out for sale.

i love this prepaid it is easy to use and even the guy in the store complimented it saying where did you get that cute cell phone? the metal on it is made well making not look cheap

No one can hear me on the other end of the line.  I can hear their voices crystal clear, but after a week of ending every call with the other person telling me that they can't make out what I am saying, I'm going to return this phone.  Here is a full review anyway.  Before I had this phone I owned the AT&T; Z431 GoPhone (AT&T;), and since they have the same form factor I will compare the two.  Most of the things I like better or worse about this phone than the Z431 are small but noticable.Pros -Better menus and shortcuts.  Good customizable options.Very fast response time between menus and screens.The music player doesn't rescan your SD card every time you open it, only when you tell it to.  This saves time.Texting interface is very good.Very loud build in speaker for music and ring tones.Ring option - vibrate first and then begin the ringtone.This phone is 3G, so it works with my At&t; microcell (to boost signal strength at home)Price - At $30, this was the cheapest phone I could find with this form factor.Cons -As mentioned, call quality.  I can't make it through a conversation.Poor battery life.  For non-smart phones I expect to charge about once every three days.  This phone must be charged daily.The music player always orders songs alphabetically, so you can't listen to an album in the order.This phone is noticably thicker than the Z431Key are ever so slightly harder to press.So if you live in an area with excellent signal strength I might consider this phone.  There is much that is good about it, but the things that are bad are a deal breaker.

I cannot hear phone ring. I can't get Bluetooth to work. I don't feel it is user friendly. Argh!! I am going to look for my old phone.

It took many thousands of man-hours to accomplish, but finally it can be definitively said that the worst possible phone you can own is not made by LG. I think God would have difficulty designing a more unreliable piece of trash than the Alcatel 871A.

The bluehands free options are limited. Not as good as LG phone.  No phone copy options other than SIM.  Menu structure is limited.  Hard to dial.

Phone was priced right, but with no instruction book, no memory card, Its a big expense after receiving it to have cellular service.

nice, the raised keypad easy for my small fingers.  Not intuitive so get the manual, and watch out for it making calls without you!  That's my real problem with it. I lock it, set it on the table, don't touch it, and later check and see it's unlocked itself.  Oh well, the price is good so just be careful.

I couldn't believe the value I got for this Alcatel phone. I didn't even know they made phones, but for less than $40, I got a sturdy device that does everything I need it to do and it has given me zero problems. A great phone for people who want the features and still have money in their billfolds so they can afford to go to a picture show or something.

I bought this phone for my kid to use because it was cheap, sort of cute and she could text with it.  Unfortunately, TWICE now, she has inadvertently called 911 from school while the phone was in her pocket. I believe this is called "butt' dialing.  The phone is designed to allow a person to call 911 simply by pressing and holding the "send" key, EVEN IF THE PHONE IS LOCKED.  The send key is prominently located on the left edge of the phone and is quite large relative to the other keys.It is no laughing matter when your child makes spurious 911 calls from school.  There is no way to deactivate this feature that I know of.  I will end up getting a different phone because of this one's flawed design.

I don't really use my phone a lot so this one works just fine for me.  My old Treo would not connect to my car's factory installed bluetooth but this one connects everytime.  The only problem I have with the phone is that it is very small and for an older person such as myself the keys can be hard to see and use.

I just assumed that all batteries are included in the package. I went to several stores to purchase and online to find one, this battery is not on the market. AT& T store did not carry the battery for this phone. Who knew?

pros of this phone- simple, cute, small, easy using. cons of this phone- it calls 911 I tried asking how to turn it off but noone really new how. I have a pin on it now but I turn it off after using it. I am scared to keep it on because it called 911 so much that they said they would fine me for it if I called one more time. So, I got pin on it but not sure if it works. So I am on a hunt to find another phone. In my opinion i would not bother buying this phone. It great price but not worth getting a fine for it.

I would rate it five stars but the camera quality sucks. It has a 2mp camera like the one I owned before, the old phone had a much better camera. This one is just dark. I like that it has a built in fm radio where you just plug in headphones and it works. No data charges at all just free. I also like the flashlight. It is strong. I like that the phone is smaller. Wherever someone says that the battery sucks is wrong. It has all of the wrong descriptons everywhere. Just listen to this best phone ever.

This is a cheap phone, don't expect much more. It will call, text, etc and that is about it. There isn't much fancy about it, but for the price, what can you expect. It does what it advertises to do.

So this is my teenage brother's phone. Being a careless teenager, my brother has put this thing through hell and back. It has been dropped, drawn on, suffered water damage, and as far as I know it is still functional. Somehow. Aside from the fact that it isn't a smartphone like he wants, it's a good basic phone for a kid.

this is my second day using the phone. i really like it. it doesn't require a data plan which is why i bought it. the call quality sounds good. it's a solid phone and it doesn't feel too cheap. it has a pretty good camera. i like the flashlight feature. i just wish there was a tip calculator but i can calculate it myself. it does have a calculator though. overall, i'm very pleased with this phone and the price is the best part. i'm very pleased.

So easy to use! I had found one at walmart a few months ago and my daughter dropped it in her glass of milk :( I went looking for another and couldn't find one at the stores. LOVE LOVE it!

This is a wonderful and easy-to-use cell phone. The qwerty keyboard is small but functional, the camera works well, and I have had no issues with texting or calling. It has a nice range of customization and can be personalized easily. When connected to a computer it functions as a webcam. Its no iPhone, but it works well and has a lot of neat features.

I ordered it for my daughter, she loves it. She can use it for radio and mp3 player. The camera works but pictures are in not good quality. If you use it for camera substitution, forget it, you will be unhappy. In general, for a phone with this price, it is very good.

Love this phone! Very good and sturdy, works great and keeps a very good charge. Calls come in very clear and crisp and I get service in out of the way places like I haven't been able to with any other phone. Very good buy!

I have to recharge the battery on this phone every other day.  For that reason alone I am seriously considering returning it.

The phone calls 911 soooo easily. All you have to do is (while the phone is locked or unlocked) press and hold the call button. I called it while I was asleep and it was under my pillow. That's dangerous because it is wasting the time and attention of the 911 operators. This should be recalled.It drops connection to the Bluetooth in my car every 10 minutes or so.It has no speaker phone capabilities.It's camera is absolutely horrible. It doesn't pick up light, even from it's own flash.Don't waste your money, or the 911 operator's time.

I have had this phone for 4 months now.  I barely use it but I have to recharge it every other day.  I called Att about it and got a replacement battery.  Same problem.  I thought about calling to see if they would replace the phone but I am going to wait until the Samsung's go on sale at Target to replace it.

It calls people randomly even if the phone is on lock mode and I accidentally lean on it somehow or it is being smashed down on in my purse from other items.  It also called 911 3 times in a row while I was in class -- again, it was in my purse up against other items in my tote bag.  What the heck is the point for lock mode??

Love the phone. It's perfect for what i need. Great condition, just like New. Love the look. The speaker has great sound.

I did not receive a portion of one of the phones, the part with the key pad is missing. Is it possible to ship this by Christmas?

I saw this phone at the ATT store on display, but they were out of stock.  It's a lovely phone (to look at) but I hate how it works and wish I had not purchased.  I find myself NOT using it - hardly ever so I will end up purchasing some other type of phone.  It's really complicated just trying to make a phone call which is mostly what I do with it.  I'm older though so perhaps younger people will like it, but I don't think it's easy to use at all and I'm not 100% ignorant when it comes to modern technology.

I have been going back and forth with no contract cell phone companies because I couldn't find a phone that would give me good sound quality. I havea neurological disorder that prevents me from using the touch technology.The Pantech Link and P7040P are good other than the sound quality. People had a hard time hearing me.This little phone is something else!First - Very good sound quality. It plays videos, has a flow chart for photos like iPod do, has a great FM that is your local channels that you don'thave to pay for and it brings them in great! Then there is a ebook capability. has 50 Gig Internal.Last but not least, it has a built in flash light! How many times have you just hit a key on your phone so that lights would come on so you could open a door in the dark or findyour way to the bathroom.There is only one draw back. The icons are a big lame. Looks like the company is trying to duplicate Xbox or something, but get past it. The phone has so much more to offer for around $45.I've only had this phone a week but at this point,I'm sold on it!

Received this phone promptly. I absoletely love this phone. Battery life is good easy to navigate and  durable so far. Thank you.

its a nice phone except for the fact that it is continually dialing 911.. i dont recommend this phone.  it is sure to cause more grief then its worth!! and thre is no way that i have found to fix or disable this feature.

I bought this phone as a replacement because of how cheap it was. It is not worth getting for free. It has called 911 several times, the battery dies realy quickly, and can't receive multimedia text messages. I can't send or receive pictures, and it will not accept my sd memory card even though there is a slot. Texting is a pain as are putting contact information in. The only feature I like is that it can be used as a bright flashlight.

Nice for just calling and texting, but you cant send picture messages. You can take pictures and receive them you just cant send out

I bought this for my Mother, she does nothing except talk and text and it works very well for that. She likes it, so I am happy too.

I have no problem with the use or functions of this phone. It is easy to use and sound is acceptable. I have no problem with accidental dialing. However, the battery life is terrible. I rarely talk on the phone yet I have to keep charging the phone every day because the battery drains so quickly. It makes the phone useless.

I was looking for a phone that would be not too expensive and easy to use for my 11 year old niece. Met my standards,

This phone is pretty decent and in good condition. Has text, picture, email, interernet, etc. it gets the job done and battery life is awesome.

I recently sold my Android smartphone and &#34;downgraded&#34; to this feature phone. I'm constantly surfing and watching videos on my iMac and iPad Mini, and my smartphone was getting very little use. In fact, I mostly just checked e-mail and Facebook. A smartphone seemed like overkill for these tasks. I'm happy to report that this Alcatel is perfectly suited for the job. It has e-mail, plus Facebook and Twitter apps, so when I need my social networking itches scratched these come in handy. It's a very low-priced, but well-built device and the interface is sufficiently intuitive. Plus, we're now saving $50/mo. on our phone bill!

I bought the Alcatel 871a a week ago at an AT&T store without searching reviews.  While trying to set it up and finding the manual less than helpful, I started searching online and came across these reviews.  Ugh!  From then on I was scared that I would accidentally dial 911.  So I had to start carrying my phone differently than I ever had.  Also, I noticed that the phone had to be charged every day.  I don't even use the phone much at all, so that is ridiculous.  But the part that pushed me over the edge --- and drove me back to my old phone -- was the bluetooth.  No one has mentioned that.  Everytime you start your car, you have to wait for the bluetooth to recognize the device and then it asks you if you want to connect it.  You have to sit and wait for that screen to come up so you can push the proper button to connect, or else the question disappears and you can't get it back.  So much for having your phone put up so it can't distract you.  So much for backing out of a parking space in a decent amount of time.  I guess I've got nothing better to do than sit around and wait for my phone to find the bluetooth.  Well, it's not going back because the restocking fee is more than I paid.  Got a new charger out of it, which was what I really needed in the first place.  I'm sticking with my Samsung!  I did really like the white keyboard - thought it was much easier to read.  Oh well!

The phone is the best value phone I've gotten for $30, with no contract renewal, no activation fee.  It's great a great basic call and texting phone with a camera.I can text with one hand, just like a blackberry, but without the need for a data plan, and none of the frills of a smartphone.  It looks great also.  So much better than what they're offering in the basic phone category that requires a 2 year contract, and an activation fee.The only caveat is the camera quality.  It would be spot on perfect if the camera lens and resolution was better, since there are so many photo settings that you can do, like continuous shots, timers, white balance, color mode, etc.Also, for all of those reviewers that had a problem with the phone dialing 911 just for holding down the call button--the software update that you should do when you first get the phone, resolves that issue.  It may fail the update at the time that you requested it, but the update comes back to the phone within 48 hours, for me it was less than 24 hours. -- I nearly returned the phone because I thought the software update wasn't out yet.Glad it was a weekend where UPS was not open!

Bought one and within 3 days it froze up, thought it mught of just been that phone. We bought another one for my daughter.... the 1st day froze again. Could not read her texts or even get to her address book. This phone SUCKS!

Good job trying to rip me off AT&T store. Good thing I checked Amazon first. This worked perfectly in a pinch from when the wife broke her phone till the new one could be delivered. It's not fancy and it sure isn't going to get looks around the pub but what it will do is send text messages and get phones calls and for any woman that is the most important thing. Although I have to admit that they few days before we got this phone it was nice to know that I wouldn't be sent a hundred texts a day.

Good phone but poor battery life makes it almost useless. 3+ stars with better battery life. I would not recommend this phone.

I had this phone for 3 days before I had to go return it. It dialed 911 2 times when I had it in the back of my jean's pocket and one time while it was on my purse. All this, while it was on screen lock.

I hope this phone shows in the best condition as every one says it does.......fingure's crossed!!!  I have been trough many phones and I am hoping I can stop looking with this ohonel  My mom and my boyfriend swear ny this bran so I have nothing to do other to have faith in what they say and what they do.  Science only takes us so far and then there is GOD.

First, battery empties in less then 24 hrs. even if you didn't make any calls.otherwise its o.k.I complained about the battery to the supplier (vinna...)and was offered a new battery, I will have to wait and see.E.B

I'm surprised to admit that I actually like this phone.  I got it as a cheap replacement while I save up for an iPhone.  The keyboard is great; small but still easy to type on.  It's nothing fancy but it's good for talk/text, which is all I was looking for.Only complaints are it won't let you use too large of a file as a ringtone, and as many have mentioned before there is a (poorly thought out) safety feature of letting the user dial 911 even if the keypad is locked.  Even though I haven't managed to do that myself, thankfully, I have taken the phone out of my pocket to find "911" ready to go on the screen.  Oops!  Keeping it in a bag now!If you're looking for a cheap starter or temporary phone, this one isn't bad at all.  But it is what it is; don't get it expecting all the features a smart phone would offer.

I just bought this phone at Best Buy for $19.99.  I like the size and feel of it. I can easily see the keyboard because it is white.

This phone served us well for the period of time we utilized it, and I had a chance to "kick the tires" while it was in service, as well as after it was replaced by a contract phone.  It's smooth, light, and easy to drop, so I strongly recommend immediately getting a textured phone cover for it.  Such a cover would also help to decrease the accidental pressing of the keys.  It seems to have a cheap microphone.  The audio quality of a call was below average for the other party, but on the GoPhone was fine.  A nice feature for noisy environments is the ability to use conventional stereo headphones plugged into the jack on top.  Headphones are also necessary for the FM radio feature to work, and it worked well, with selectable sensitivity, and stereo separation that's better than in the iPod Nano.  The phone has the ability to serve as a music and video player, though I didn't install a MicroSD or use those features.  There is an LED that serves as a flash for the camera.  It also could be switched on like a flashlight, using the keyboard.  Regarding the camera, the default setting from the factory was to use low image quality, so adjust that, if desired.  The camera is only 2 megapixel, so you will not be the next Ansel Adams using it.  A handy feature is the ability to use its camera as a webcam.  To do this, interface the phone with your computer using the included USB cord.  Select the webcam mode on the phone when prompted.  On a Windows 7 computer, the Alcatel driver that loads automatically will not work.  Get to where you can manually install a driver, and select the Microsoft driver for a USB webcam.  Enjoy!

This is a good phone. It has a fast dying battery but that is with a lot of phones today. It has a really good qwerty keyboard and some good apps like facebook twitter etc. It has a pretty good 2 MP camera. A small screen though, I guess you get as much as you pay for

Bought this for personal use on weekends to get away from work Android.First, it is not a smart phone.Regarding pocket dialing 911, read the manual and turn on the keyboard lock!Battery life with reasonable use is excellent. I have this with a $25 a month no contract plan, mostly texting, a few calls. Keeping in touch with kids and their sporting and school activities.Lightweight, small in size, fits in pocket and you don't know it is there.White color makes it easy to find.Only AT&T; signal makes it into my house.Been on 24 hours, battery still at full strength.A great phone if used as intended. Run a bunch of apps and sure, I bet it will be slow and freeze up. It is not an a android or iPhone.I have huge fingers, keyboard pretty easy to use. Better that my huge SONY xperion.

The phone was for my mom and so far she loves it. The phone came with a new SIM card and a charger. The only downside is I wasn't able to choose the color of the phone. The pics showed a black phone but I received white. Not a big deal but she preferred black. Overall a good phone though.

Nice phone and for the price i would have given it a 5 stars.  the issue is battery life.  The phone when fully charged ln the morning was nearly drained by mid afternoon even when on stanby.  I recharged it again and it drained by evening.  I then decided to leave it alone and let it drain completly and fully charge it again, no luck the battery would drain within a few hours even when not being used.  .i dont know if i just got a bad battery, but since the phone is only 3 days old i should not have battery issues out of the box this early in the game.

I have had one of these phones for five months now.One of its quirks is the tendency to dial 911 when carried in a pocket while turned on. If you think you can prevent this by locking the keypad prior to putting it in your pocket... you are dead wrong. When the phone is in keyboard locked mode, it is actually EASIER to accidentally activate 911 than usual. It makes no sense, clearly a design decision made by some idiot at Alcatel.  Currently there is no fix for the problem.What makes this doubly burn is that, if you are on the $2-per-day-of-use plan, it will go ahead and charge you the $2 for the privilege of having your pants pocket speak to a 911 operator.Finally, carrying the phone in your pocket in power off mode opens another can of worms. A "hard data reset" is initiated by long pressing the # and power keys together while the phone is off. I fished the phone out of my pocket after half sitting on it, 4 days ago, to discover a threatening screen asking me if I wished to continue, and erase all user data stored on the telephone. Please understand that I had been using the digital camera for 5 months as a visual diary of life on the farm, young animals developing, etc. No, I did not wish to continue. I chose the red X (not the green check mark) indicating I did not wish to continue. According to Alcatel's website, my decision was correct and should have stopped the master reset in its tracks. But, the phone immediately performed the reset anyway. And whatever voodoo method it used really did wipe out all my photos, I have been unable to get anything off the phone using a data recovery program.I feel a hard data reset should only be initiated after the user has performed some complex task indicating intent, such as physically typing  Y E S  on a keypad.My only consolation is that the photo quality really was pretty poor. My pictures looked good when viewed on the little tiny phone screen, but the few I transferred to my hard drive before the event were disappointing viewed at full size.  Full of odd jpeg artifacts... random variations in tint, patches of blurr, funny little gradients.The one thing I can recommend this phone for is its LED flashlight feature (in "Tools"),  which uses the camera flash LED to emit a blinding pinpoint light.

This is far from the best phone out there, but for the price, it cant be beat. Biggest Pros for me is that it has a normal headphone jack for listening to music, and all my old phones had special jacks so you had to buy their headphones. Also, if you have small song files (up to 300 kb) you can set them as your ringtone. So if you know how to edit music files, you can easily make any song you want into a short ringtone. Its got all the other things most prepays have, except no games are included. Another great thing is that at&t prepay lets you go online and pay by the kb or for a plan, so if you don't use your phone for internet all the time, but need it sometimes its great. So, overall, not the best, but for music lovers its sooo much better than other phones at this price.

This phone is easy to use and is pretty and stylish. It is exactly what I need and love it.

I've been using a tracphonefor the past few years, and paid as I needed minutes, the same reason I got the GOPHONE(alcalate), so I could pay as I needed minutes.  But the tracphone(motorola) only gave me a phone to call out on and receive calls. Decided to get a phone that would do more, pictures and being able to show it as soon as I took it, access to FB ,the internet, ect. The thing I found that I can't see the #'s or the letters because they are to small. When using, I would have to wear reading glasses which I wear contacts, but can't see anything close up, only far away. It's advertised to lok as big as the letters on other phones I've usedin the past. I'm debating on even using this phone and just go back to the motorola, tracphone, or the net 10 due to the very small #'s and lettering, so I've wasted approx. , $45.00 with the phone, s&h, cover for accalate and another s&h. Very dissappointed in my purchase of the accalate phone!!!

But not the phone for me.  I wasn't too thrilled with the way it functioned.  I suppose I am a little more advanced than the phone was able to provide.  Great for a kid or someone who just wants a phone for making calls and texting.  The quality was pretty good for the price though.

I don't have any negative to say about this phone. Features and quality is excellent for the price. Easy setup and get good reception almost everywhere.

I love this phone. It works great. I love the changeable charger/USB cable. Its great for texting. The screen is a little small but I don't use it for internet to much. The FM radio works great. I can add music if I want to. The only thing I do not like about this phone is the positions of the ringer volume key. Its right on the side and when I am holding the phone many times I press on the volume and you hear the high pitched beep. Other then that Its a great phone. I have had this phone for about 9 months and it has never had any problems.

the phone is pretty basic. i am pulling away from the social media that consumes ppls daily lives, so i decided to get rid of my Iphone and go back to the basic of the cellphone. just texting and calling.the phone is very small tho lol but it does what it needs to.

I thought this phone would be difficult to use, but I was wrong. The buttons are small, but not too small. It seems to hold a battery charge for a good amount of time. I'm happy with it, and I'd recommend it to others.

Great for a young kid who's in need of having their first phone. For the cost I was amazed on how it had a lot of apps and when I got it for my 12yrs.old daughter she fell in love with it.

This phone has worked for me very well for the 2 or 3 weeks that I've owned it, except that it's FAR too easy to pocket-dial 911. I've called Tech Support and been told that there is no way to correct the problem. They suggested that I buy a hard case in which to carry it. I chose this model partly for its small pocket-friendly size, which would be sacrificed if I put it into a case. If I had known of this issue before, I never would've bought this phone.

Exactly what I was looking for! A multi-functional basic phone with a QWERTY keyboard that works great for calls and texts.I was looking for a replacement for my Nokia C3 and found that most of my options with a full keyboard were RIM Blackberries, which, honestly, are just too much phone for me. All I wanted was a phone with a camera, alarm, speakerphone, and ability to easily send and receive multiple texts.For $40 this phone has huge bang for the buck. It is really intuitive for being marketed as low-end: menus are easy to navigate, lots of options for ring and alert tones, and the text messaging provides both inbox and conversation views. Call quality is surprisingly good. I did have one call so far that sounded a little grainy but overall voice quality is better than most smartphones I've used.They keyboard is slightly cramped due to its small size and the buttons are a bit slippery. Nothing that you don't get used to, however. I didn't think I would want a phone this small (slightly smaller than a deck of cards), but its compact size is actually a nice change from carrying around a bulky/awkward phone. The casing isn't super sturdy but the phone overall is a solid little brick.Before this phone I have tried the Moto Atrix, iPhone 3 (hated paying for data and smartphones are battery hogs), Nokia C3 (got buggy after 3 years), Blackberry Pearl (too complicated), and the AT&T; Z431 (just awful). Amazingly, this little thing has been the best of the bunch so far.Nice, bright screen, dedicated camera and messaging buttons. This phone even has a flashlight function and it really works!The only downside for me (and this is commonplace on many ATT devices) is that the Internet key is centrally located so it is easy to hit and accidentally incur data charges.Summary: this is a fantastic basic phone for those who don't have a data plan but want many functions and a full keyboard for easy texting.

The phone does accidentally call 911 from your pocket, even when locked. But if you're careful about it you can avoid this most of the time. :-) Other than that it's a good phone with good features for being so "cheap." Build quality seems respectable but not the best.
