
Best phone I've own so far,I've owned black berry iPhone and more and this is the best so far all the feathers are great

I love this phone.  There is so much that it can do.  I received the phone on time.  This was my first smart phone but I called Consumer Cellular who is my carrier and they stepped me through what I need to do to have the phone work with their service.  Everything was so easy.  I had no problem with the phone the service or the delivery.  What more could you ask for.  I'm using it and loving it.  Plus I saved a bundle not buying it at a regular store.ThanksMary Ann

This phone with android 4.0 is awesome. Well balanced, very light, fast and the right size. Recomended as a replacement for IPhone. Certainly the best android phone I've owned so far

not factory unlocked, is orange Frwith how annoying it can be to see the orange logo and Internet app, opens in orange.Fr. the rest is excellent phone.

I really like Samsung products alot, but this was one of there best ideas to date. Small and compact, with all the great features.

Entrega puntual, buen producto tal como en las fotos, solo falto accesorio (audifonos). del resto todo excelente. Esta liberado, lo prove con linea digitel y funciona excelentemente (no lo he provado con movilnet ni movistar, ya que no poseeo esas lineas).Prompt delivery, good product as in the photos, only lacking accessory (headphones). the rest all excellent. This released, prove with digitel line and works great (I have not proven to movilnet or movistar, since no poseeo those lines)

The phone packs a lot in a small size.  Battery life is decent (it makes it through the day)The device came in French, which was easy enough to change to English.  We brought it into TMobile and activated it no problem.

Can you use this samsung galaxy s3 mini for any other company for example AT&T someone please help me ASAP

The best phone that bought so far, very fast processor, operating system friendly and easy for users, I recommend to all buyers an excellent product

Arrived in the right day. Completely new. The phone have an excellent camera, wifi and OS. You can upgrade to the new version, but I like better the old one.

I lost my original mini 3 two months ago . I loved it, was user friendly, and great for international travel. The one I just bought seems to be different in that it is not as user friendly. I am disappointed in this one and may finally de if to buy the Apple I phone as I like apple products.

The price is not too high. Everything good. I regret there is small problem. Camera working very slow compare to Normal Galaxy S3

good team responsible team arrived in perfect condition I like to recommend the phone works very well is perfect thanks

China sent a copy and can pay as original.

love this phone, works similar to the s4 due to an upgrade in the software. love that it is small enough to fit in my pocket and love the data that that it can store.

I got my girlfriend this phone and she loves it so far.Pros:- Great size, can touch the entire screen with my thumb while holding it in one hand- Runs all the same apps my normal sized Galaxy S3 can run- Nice and light and durable- Great priceCons:- No LED light indicator on the front- Slower CPU than the normal sized S3, and lower quality cameras- It took us 3 tries to get one that worked, and had to pay shipping to return the 2 faulty ones.  The first would randomly go into a firmware download mode when plugged in.  The second had a broken proximity sensor.

unfortunately you made me I cheated with the &#34;Samsung Galaxy S3 GT-i8190 Factory Unlocked 3G 900/1900/2100 white mini&#34; because it is a replica and not the original.amazon should take the same case as they are more affected

Looks like a great phone, if you live in Europe, Asia, or South America. Or if you are content with talk, text, and sub-3G data speeds. &#34;Not all carrier features may be supported&#34; is an understatement, and the foreign language directions, along with the two pronged-europlug (albeit with adapter provided), are less than impressive.

I have a problem with the battery need to charge every few hours even though I was not using the phone and sent to Amazon asking for a new one there is no reply putting in your consideration that they said in the discrebtion that the battery last for 14 hours, but I'm still trying to get used to the phone itself .

Thank you for this great phone. By sending the speed and the quality. It is a beautiful phone that you'll get the best of it.

muy buen producto gracias muy rapido el envio y sin problema a llegar , lo que recomiendo gracias. . .

I got this phone at a reasonable price and i am totally in love with it. It some very cool features.

I got this to use as a straight talk phone and I was terrified that it wasn't going to be unlocked like some reviews say, but it is,  thankfully!! I love everything about the phone. Shipped well although it didn't need to be signed to receive which I didn't like because then anyone could have grabbed it! I give only three stars because of the price! I realized after I received it, I could have gotten the same thing for under half the price!!!! Otherwise, LOVE IT!

wonderful device , works with my at&t service as well.  No issues with the phone at all. . . .

Phone seems to be new and I have not had any problems with it. Great price. I would recommend this seller. I am using it on Straighttalk and it works great.

I bought for my wife and so far has been an excellent choice, I'm in Venezuela and the phone works fine with Digitel.This phone call Mini S3 does not have AllShare Cast and Bean functionality to share files, however, it's a convenient choice for people that just want to have a phone to talk, chat and take pictures.Another thing that my wife loves is the size of the phone, for her S3 is too big.

She is enchanted with it. She said It's the best cell phone. There are many applications in Economics, like stock, and news in android.

Phones works perfectly, you can do everything and have everything in just one, camera, gps, radio, etc, I really love it

I received the phone and it did not even work properly. The part where you charge the phone was not working so I couldn.t charge it. Sent it back to be replaced and they sent me another phone that was defective. I emailed them complaining and when I sent it back, it got lost in the post office. Now this company will not email me back because they got to keep my money and do not care at all. Now I am in the process of filing a claim with the post office. This company sucks! I will never make the mistake again of getting a phone off of amazon. Worst experience I've ever had!!!! Do not look into this company because all they care about is getting good reviews when they don't even live up to their expectations.

It is an excellent product I recommend with eyes closed Samsung GT-i8190 Galaxy S3 Mini White factory Unlocked 3G 900/1900/2100

I AM COMPLETELLY HAPPY,THERE IS ONE MORE ORDER THAT I WANT TO MAKE AND I AM TALKING ABOUT:MOTHER BOARD FOR SAMSUNG GALAXY S2 SGHT989THE ONE PHOTOSHOWN IN THE WEB PAGE IS NOT THE ONE THAT CORRESPOND TO MY CELLPHONE.IF POSSIBLE, PLEASE UPDATE THE PHOTOS ABOUT THIS ITEM SO I CAN ORDER IT.THANK YOU.

Did not meet my expectations of what it was suppose to be and they also sent me the guide booklet in french! Probably won't ever buy another thing through here will go to an actual cell phone store!

I am very satisfied with the phone and ontime delivery. The phone is working well, and so far has proven to be great value at a reasonable price.

The Samsung galaxy Mini S III definitly fullfild my expectations, great screen display, pretty fast processor and easy to use

Good afternoon, next is to place a claim because the phone I bought on date 25/04/2014, and received in my country Venezuela in fecha11/06/2014 delivered by the carrier TransExpress, but the day yesterday 20 / 06/2014, the phone will damage the screen, the phone turns on but the screen is dark, I would like to know how to do to make it recognized the guarantee thereof. Importantly, the store or company which make the purchase invoice number is ASAVINGS seguna ORDER # 103-0484226-3996204. really do appreciate all the help you can provide me. This is my email for any info you can provide me. Thank you very much.

The best cellular!!!

the equipment was in very good condition is new but note the headphones review were broken, damaged never had this happen on my purchases

The Samsung S3 Mini is a lite version of the Samsung S3 smartphone.  It sports a smaller 4&#8221; screen with a resolution of 480x800 and is an entry-level phone compared to the more pricy and feature-packed S3.  This phone does not support 4G, which is curious since the S3 does.  It supports 2G and 3G, as long as it works well with your carrier.And this is the part of the review where I state a friendly warning.  The vendor selling this phone states the phone is compatible with GSM carriers, such as AT&T; and T-Mobile.  This may not be entirely true.I purchased this phone while setting up service with T-Mobile here in the US.  I wanted an unlocked phone that my wife could use with our new service.  The vendor sent us a Samsung S3 Mini &#8220;Orange&#8221; phone that originated in Europe and had European firmware installed on it.  While the phone worked fine and upgraded itself properly, we were never able to get any speeds more than 2G with a data speed of about 100Kbps, which is painfully slow.  The smartphone was unable to host any smooth streaming media due to this slow bandwidth.I then learned that the phone does not support the US T-Mobile 3G transmission frequencies.  It will work with T-Mobile, but only at 2G speeds.  If you live in the US and plan to use this phone with T-Mobile as your carrier, expect only to use 2G service.  This may be fine for some people.  If it is, this phone is worth considering.The charger is an international charger that comes with a North American adapter.  The phone comes with a pair of headphones and a battery.  It does not come with an SD card, case, or protective cover, as is typical with cell phones in general.We were able to return the phone and get our money back from Amazon.  Amazon is very good about returns.  While this phone didn&#8217;t work for us and it was advertised to work with AT&T; and T-Mobile, in fairness to the vendor who sold it, they also do say that &#8220;not all carrier features may be supported.&#8221;  You're best to take this into consideration before purchasing this phone.

I have had this phone for the last couple of months and I am quite pleased and enjoying all the features. No problem thus far..gotta love Samsung!

I've just opened the box, everything works great, everything is new.I havent tried with my operator, but i guess 3G will work great. Ill give an update when i test the data service on the device.Great seller by the way.

My daughter can not stop playing on this phone. It is nice, fast, quit, everything is nice about it!!!!Just buy it!!!!

Me encanta este celular estoy muy contenta me gustan sus aplicaciones y funciones tambien es muy rapido el internet me gusta mucho

The phone is great and I'm happy I bought it. I used the phone in the States and I'm using it now in Argentina. I just changed the sim card and it worked without problems. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is the battery life, which is very poor.

after i bought and received the phones (two of them that i got for a hefty price) i was told by three different cell phone dealers that the phone could not be activated and did not appear to be sold for the U.S. market. all three of them were convinced they would only work overseas. that was not listed anywhere in the description and i was very upset. the phone itself (although never activated) seemed like a nice phone. i loved the size and weight of it. i would have loved to be able to use it!

I ordered this phone for use internationally. It was unblocked as advertised and works amazingly. I am very satisfied with this phone. It's light, quick and fun.

I got this for me daughter and she loves it! It's a little slow on the t-mobile network but if she likes it, I love it!

This a small cute version of Samsung S3.(basically comes with all spanish manually..Its unlock brand new phone.. its a real good deal I would say.

The product was as descripted and it works perfectly in Honduras, the only downside is the keyboard is really small but that is something you can adjust too. I recommend it.

Product excellent product I recommend, I encata this phone is very fast, in only comment would be that it does not bring the memory chip

Phone met my expectations very much.Only one hitch -  guide booklet was not in English, so I have had to learn hands-on.

My wife loves her samsung s3 mini more than me, :)Size, color, performance, battery endurance, etc, I mean everything is very good

Its has  been  a  Excellent Phone  so far, comfortable to your  hand, the O.S. its  perfect, the color  is nice and everything on the package is  great.The best phone according to : brand, price, color and functionality.

It was perfect... no scratches, no complains... although the delivery process was a bit weird, fedex changed the tracking code and nobody told me

Faster, Nice Size. I like this phone for all the things that can i do whit this. Recommended 100 percent.

It's the most perfect cell phone I ever had.He has a perfect sound,image and have a lot of internal space.A lots of resources to have programs inside to keep him better than he is.

THIS EXCELLENT CELL USE IT COMES IN VENEZUELA MODE UNLOCKED CAMERA VERY FAST AND SUPER GOOD IS BROUGHT ALL THE ACCESSORIES EXCELLENT MENSIONA

What can I say it's been a few months since I bought this phone and I just love it!  I have no problems with it

I looked for months for my first smart phone. i was a little skeptical buying from Amazon (not that I've ever had any problems), but this was a big purchase for me. I had gone to all the phone stores and actually picked out the one I wanted, so I knew which phone I was ordering. I didn't want a contract, and I didn't like the phones I was seeing on pay as you go plans. The company we are with only charges $10 for a second person and we wanted to stay with them. I needed an ATT compatible phone. This one fits me perfectly! I have had no problems what so ever. Being it is my first smartphone, I only wish it came with a better users manual. I have a 25 year old daughter, so I am burdening her with questions. lol

The cell phone does not work properly. It does not charge the battery, does not read the memory card and constantly show an error message on the screen. Now after two days of use, the cell phone is completly dead.

285$ i paid for this phone as a gift to my mom. Nice screen, very good performance, but it's technical specs match 200$ phones, i guess Samsung is the Apple of the android world. Other than that excellent phone.

Perfect size.  The phone works really well on a T-mobile network.  No speed issues so far.  Call quality is great.  I just wish the speaker phone were louder.EDIT:  I have to change my review to 1 star.  I received my phone around May 5.  By May 15 (10 days later), it was dead.  As in, Sudden Death Syndrome that the Galaxy S3's are notorious for.  It's a shame.  I really loved this phone.  It never got wet or dropped.  I was in the middle of texting when it cut off.  I'm a pretty technical person who does a lot of diy repairs successfully, so I do a lot of troubleshooting and research before throwing in the towel.  I didn't think it was the battery since it still had some power left, but I tried to charge it anyway overnight.  It did not even charge.  Couldn't do a thing; not even do a hard reboot or any of the other tricks I read.  It would not even turn on.  I highly doubt it was a bad battery, either, judging from what I've read about sudden death syndrome.The repair for this kind of damage would be to replace the mainboard (motherboard), and even then, if that new mainboard uses the same defective chip, the same thing will happen.  So I decided it was not financially worth it to invest in its repair.I still love Samsung and stand by their products overall.  This is the first time I've had issue with their products.  Just be aware that if you're in the U.S., you will get little to no support from our U.S. tech support if it crashes.  You can not send this to a U.S. repair place. It will have to go to a UK repair place, at your risk and expense.  Always a risk with buying international phones.  But I've had good luck with my other unlocked european phone -- the Samsung Galaxy i5500 Corby.  Had it for the last 2 years, and I'm still using it for our other cell phone line that stays home.  Besides it being slow (which was expected, as it was a cheap smartphone), it never caused problems.That said, I sucked it up and went for the Samsung Galaxy S5 from my carrier.  At least if the same thing happens, I will have full support.  Overall, AVOID THIS MODEL AT ALL COSTS!

I received the Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini very fast and I Love the color and works great.  The only thing the instructions was in Spanish.  I don't speak Spanish.

I will go to return this phone is a imitation it not a original galaxy s3 mini i want my money back, this kind of seller wouldnt be here in amazon, it cause me a big problem i am from Venezuela so i have to pay more for get this phone back because i dont want a fake phone

Excellent, my package arrived fast and in good condition to my locker. the phone has a wide range of functions. I recommend it

Excelente tel&eacute;fono la descripci&oacute;n tal cual como aparece en la p&aacute;gina, adem&aacute;s la entrega es muy r&aacute;pida, es como comprar con los ojos cerrados.

very good team I have nothing to talk about the solo deviendo maybe I was a bit on the sound of your headphones could be a little better why do not qualify with 5 stars

Works in the Caribbean. Bought it for use in St. Vincent and the Grenadines - used for travel to Barbados and Antigua.Good features and very good price compared to if you have to purchase from local retailer.

In the US, Florida to be specific, this phone will often (very often) fail to receive signal.  I have 3 phones on the same carrier (AT&T), only this Samsung fails.  The other two are US models.  This Samsung is now a $200 piece of junk.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE FOR USE IN THE STATES!!!!

I loved this phone! Ive had iPhone for a long long time and wasn't too sure about this one but i bought it took it to Mexico and it work perfectly fine. It was already unlocked which made it easier to just slip in my Telcel chip in there and work fine! I ended up leaving it in Mexico and the person who has it now has no problem with. Most likely going to buy another one to take on this years vacation! Just Great!

the Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini delivers Android 4.2, 4G LTE, NFC, and a solid 5-megapixel camera.Beyond its petite 4-inch screen size and slightly thicker chassis, the S3 Mini looks almost identical to the original Galaxy S3, with all the side swoosh accents, body shape, and button shapes intact. As with the original, this &#34;mini me&#34; comes in ultra glossy pebble blue and white finishes. Just Great!

unfortunatly it was delievered just yerterday, nevetheless i began to use it and i think is a nice equipment, the package was original seal.Thanks

Thank you very much, finally the phone is in my hands, was send it to Venezuela and now i am very happy, because the phone works perfectly in my country

Met all its specs. Great device, operating system works fine, only small issue is that the camera isn't the best for low light

buen tel&eacute;fono lo recomiendo me llego tal cual como se muestra en la foto, con todos sus accesorios y desbloqueado totalmente nuevo, LO RECOMIENDO EXCELENTE DESBLOQUEADO

This cell is for my douther and she is very happy with it. She recomende to buy it. it easy to use and the color is very nice for her.

I've had this phone for a few weeks now and immediately noticed that it doesn't charge past 93%...the charger that it comes with charges it very...extremely slowly as if it cannot supply the necessary voltage it needs and yes I've tried numerous sockets with the same results.  Also as I'm using the phone it randomly freezes and shuts down sometimes 2 to 4 times back to back. It came brand new but this phone is severely defective I mean even as I'm writing this review its next to me freezing and shutting down!! I'm in the process of sending it back however to get a refund. Hope this was helpful.

It is an excellent phone, works great, is lightweight, attractive design, good internet browsing, has an excellent camera and has very good battery life, very good buy

This smarphone is just great, has everithing you need in a smartphone, with the quality of samsumg in a smaller body.

I bought this as an intro smart phone for my mom. I'm a big Android fan. Even though this phone is a mini, it's not much smaller than my S4 which is great. She's gotten the hang of it and likes it, too. It's great to see her joining the 21st century and exploring the settings on her smartphone, etc. We have T-Mobile and just stuck the SIM card in and were ready to go.

pere is a good smartphone that is assembled in China (original), does not include audiculares.but the seller is resposable and timely recommend for those who want to buy the Chinese version. Exlente WORKS IN VENEZUELA WITH ALL OPERATORS

So far I am loving the use of this phone...it is functioning perfectly...I have no rgrets or complains...I would recommend to buy

Excellent phone once again, now my mother it's connected with all of us with her brand new phone. Tweets, shots, post on facebook,  I think a created a monster. This seller it's great and fullfil his promise allways, recommended 100%.-

hreat

This smart phone works perfectly, the unit size is great , since my previous  unit was Samsung S III I9300 which is too big

The Samsung galaxy S III mini is what I expected and work just perfect, arrived on time but the box was too big

This is a truly unlocked international phone, the UI can be set to any language from the long list. It's sad and understandable why Samsung won't sell it in US as it is twice as cheaper than its big brother Galaxy S III. The screen is gorgeous, the phone is very fast and responsive. The size of this baby is perfect for both men and women, I'm so happy.

Excellent phone, with all accesories. Asd asf asd asd asda asd assd asd asd assd adf asd asd asd asd

It was a gift for my mom and she's totally inlove with it. Perfect size and it comes in spanish.

is a functional phone, with the technology, adapted to my basic needs. Small but functional. The camera is a bit low if megapixels, but the phone does not detract merit itself.

clearly best simple phone ever i gift that phone whit my mom and she like it and its easy to use..

Nice phone! Wish it came with more apps though because I basically had to download all the apps plus the camera quality is not good just ok...Other than that the phone itself is good. Delivery was on time and function aspect is good

It's a good product and especially for people with small hands but the camera is disappointing, the rest of the phone is great though&#60; I bought it for a friend

JUST WHAT I askedthis is an Amazing cell phone, besides its size and features are according with its price (  &#34; H&#34;  IN VENEZUELA NETWORK MOVISTAR AND DIGITEL)I recommended  it

Very good product. New just as advertised. No problems at all.

The trade was great, got to me really fast, and the cellphone is very good for the price. Recommend it

That's all I can say! My daughter is very happy with your new phone. There was no trouble with delivery, and the phone was in great shape, brand new, works great!

GREAT phone very fast and does all the stuff its big brother does with a form factor that fits in your pocket.

I love this phone ! It's just a little small. I have trouble texting because it's too small and I have little hands...lol !

The device came as describe and is working well with WiFi. We are still waiting to service provide to send the new smaller SIM so we can see how the phone part works, but the rest is wonderful!

is really amazing ... the only drawback is that I have to write text messages the letter keys are very small and the framework provided is not correct, but the rest is very good product. congratulations for such a good cell phone

I will go to return this phone is a imitation it not a original galaxy s3 mini i want my money back, this kind of seller wouldnt be here in amazon, it cause me a big problem i am from Venezuela so i have to pay more for get this phone back because i dont want a fake phone

Efectivamente uno de los mejores telefonos inteligentes del momento. Rapido, facil de usar, de buen tama&ntilde;o y con aplicaciones realmente utiles.

Exclente, it was what I expected. They are super fast.

Very good,  Thanks

Great phone, it was what I was expecting and more. It works with the network I have, it also work when I go over seas

a scam, not hard cell or two days, I have a week in service, first will damage the battery and now the phone will not start, I feel cheated

I bought this phone to replace my first Android that went bad due to charging issues.  The size is 4 inches, everything can be seen on the screen clearly, and the setup was easy.  Once you have the apn info setup, in my case I got it from BTC (calling or checking the website), and turned on my data plan, and the phone connected to the 4G data network.  It came with Jelly Bean OS, and it works like a charm.I've had it since July 2013, and it's now September 2013, and up to now I've had no issues.  Overall performance is great, having a memory card is a must, so please order one same time if you don't have one already because the phone doesn't come with one.  Call sound quality is excellent.Explore the features when you get yours and find out what all fun stuff it can do.  You won't regret it - if you want a smaller phone, but still an up-to-date smart phone, this is a good option for you.  And with the price dropping every day the only thing you're missing out on is having yours.  Hurry!

Great, I love the computer, it works perfectly, I am satisfied with the purchase, came at the right time. thanks.

Samsung would have records and this copy has only a yellow triangle that says indicates its falsity. This phone is an imitation of Samsung. It is a Chinese copy. I buy one in December gave me the damage in January and then 30 days. We carry the Samsung in Caracas / Venezuela spend escaneer say the serial is not Samsung, not the battery. It is Chinese copy. Those who bought advise you to remove the battery and check if they have the yellow triangle, but check or by an authorized Samsung store to surprise me is that I di den. I bought it through my friend Jose who made the purchase and so I could not claim such a scam. I hope Amaz&oacute;n investigate each case and discard those scammers page

This phone was a gift and my aunt and she is very happy with it, fulfilled all expectations even though she was switching from blackberry to android.

Working with not problem, just a good choise for those that Do not want a HUGE cell phone, the product arrive on time and with no problem.

It's good condition when I get. Everything is complete in the package. Its unlock so I can use it anywhere. .because my friend buy s4 unlock but when he received the item it's lock so he pay again to unlock the unit..

I enjoy my new phone. As a matter of fact, I'm doing the review on it right now. Lol, anyways,  the size is perfect and the same size as my previous phone, so it works. Only bit of an issue I've found with it, is that the screen isn't as sensitive as I'm use to, so i have to press harder on the screen then I'm comfortable with. It's not a micro sd card, so making the switch is really awesome.. only issue I have withit is that there isn't much for accessories. So finding a nice case for it is tough. Since everyone is going s5 or i5.. I'll get over it.

I bought this for my wife to replace her old samsung champion phone. This phone has a freezing problem. It just freezes while dialling, during a conversation, and at other times. I live overseas and had it shipped to me. Now I regret to have bought this crappy phone with no warranty to go with it. I have owned many different samsung phones, but this one is a BIG disappointment. I do NOT recommend to buy this phone.

I LOVVVEEE this Samsung Galaxy S3 mini! Very clear screen, battery life is wzup, light weight just right for me!!!

This phone is awesome, it came in the box and unlocked and all the features are great. the only 2 downfalls are that it came with an international plug and I wanted the US plug, and that the battery has a rather short life span (1 day when other phones of the same kind usually last 3-4 days without charging). but I suppose it was a good deal online so its worth the risk.

Just as described online is what you get. Was very satisfied with the phone but the packaging was too big

the cell is okey. I still don't power on because it will be used to sell. the cell looks well in all the structure.

I received my phone and I love everything about it. It came unlocked and packaged very nicely.  I had my phone a month now and I haven't had any problems.  Great choice

I was alittle worried about purchasing this phone online in the event i got a refurbrished phone but the phone came in its original box and seems to be new, it works well in jamaica where i had planned to use it.

are for my kids, and they want apurence jajajjaajaja greetings to the great team

So far, I'm loving my phone! It fits in one hand so I can still swype, unlike the large regular Galaxy S's. The battery drains pretty quick on it, maybe after like 8 hours it yells at me? And just this weekend, 3 hours of using the GPS and my battery DIED (using from a full charge) But like I said, otherwise, great phone. Like the camera, some extra features are in it I don't need, but very handy and gets the job done!

This phone meets all specifications, goods in good condition, I'm from Venezuela and works perfectly with the operators here. I recommend it. Thank you!este telefono cumple con todas las especificaciones, mercancia en buen estado, soy de Venezuela y funciona perfectamente con las operadoras de aca. lo Recomiendo. Gracias!

The phone is very nice but did not work with Movilnet. I could never make a call or connect to the internet and turns itself off. The phone is made in Korea and not in USA so I think that is false. I hope my money back or send me a mobile again. I feel very bad with my purchase. is the first time I get this on amazon.com ... I'm from Venezuela ...

Good

Very good experience with this product, is an excellent celphone, very good quality and very lightlyThe quality of the image is the best

I am very disappointed... First this phone come from CHINA and this is a fake phone with software really bad... Second I cant connect internet with any band I try every supplier on my country, because this is a fake version dont work. I will never bought this if I knew this is. Third I wait so long time to get it on my hands. I want find a solution to get back my money how soon is possible. You can have a big problem with the authorities in USA cause of this. Not did any warning that this is from China... I could buying a original version with the same price.

EQUIPMENT PROVIDED WITH ALL ACCESSORIES, THE ESTIMATED DATE, PERFECT WORK IS FAST AND COMPLY WITH ALL MY EXPECTATIONS. I AM SATISFIED WITH MY PURCHASE.

Works great for our mobile system. The only down or turn over is the lasting of the battery. Everything else really great.
