
I was unable to set up the phone and needed to spend time with nice folks in India entering seriously long sets of numbers.  After that, well, we get triple minutes and it works well for texting and calls

Need a phone for emergencies?? I do! I don't want a plan but need minimal minutes . Great to have a phone for my life style that doesn't take over my life or wallet!!! Great for us baby boomers!!!

I got this phone as my granddaughter had one sure was a lot easier texting on this..like the triple minutes also..just wish it could store more pictures,also when you text you have to remember the phone number or go to your contact address wish it would just take the first name n insert the number for you ,but shouldn't complain because was good price for it..would recommend if needing lots of mintues

If you have 9600 minutes at your Annual Fee Date,and add 1200 minutes ( 400 X 3 ) you will only be posted with10,000 minutes instead of 10.800... because 10,000 is thePolicy Limit per customer-- although you paid for more.Now is that a Sucker Trap or What??

Bought two of these, one for me and one for my daughter's 18th birthday. We both love them! They pick up here where we live when no other phone seems to. They also triple the minutes for the life of the phone just as stated in the description. We both created an account with TracFone.com and found that they have a wide variety of ringtones that we can purchase and have sent straight to our phone as well. They also hold lots of phone numbers in our phone books. We really like the lock feature that keeps you from dialing by accident. My daughter has been playing with all the features from the stop watch to the alarm, to the voice command feature. The voice command feature doesn't seem to understand very well, but everything else seems great. The battery seems to hold a charge for a long time and charges quickly. The sound when it rings is great and very loud if you want it to be. We haven't tried out the MP3 player feature yet, but do plan to. One of the reasons my daughter wanted this phone. Bought the Samsung Micro SD 16GB Class 10 Plus UHS-I SDHC card for both of our phones just so she could hold more MP3 songs and I could hold more pictures. Camera mode seems to work great, but takes a steady hand. Overall, very pleased with this phone and will recommend it to others looking for a great phone with lots of features.

I returned this phone because in the photo it looked like I would have to use the touch screen to connect to the browser, but when I got it, it was the same as an LG phone I have - you can so easily press a button on the right and you are immediately connected to the browser and charged .50 min with no way to disconnect before you are charged!  The only solution for my other phone is to always have it on the page after the home page so it won't mistakenly connect.  I use the internet at HOME, not on a cell phone

The phone arrived quickly and worked as it should.  I no longer use this phone as I am not a fan of Tracphone's prepaid banners every time you send or receive a pic or text.

This phone is easy to operate, even with big fingers!  And I have trouble finding a decent phone that gets good reception and after another person mentioned that the C at the product # end is for Verizon and the G is for AT & T I now understand the difference.  Verizon is the domanant service towers in a lot of rural area's.  This is a great phone for places with &#34;service area&#34; issues, easy to hear the caller and screen is clear.  The phone I have is factory refurbished and comes with a one year warranty.  So far I am very pleased.

I cannot do the touch screens so this is perfect! I don't know what more to say :) thank you.

The S390G is the phone that is the Step above this one. I had the S390G and did not like it. Maybe it's the old School in me but I like the the Middle control button in the fact that it Rocks to either side to make it Possible to get to different Phone functions. I also like the Keys on this phone. Another review had the keys as Small but I have seen smaller, I have always felt one could get used to any keyboard given time, but in the end, it's what makes one comfortable that is what you stick with. I'm not crazy about the Phone vibration control on this keyboard though. The S355c is the best in that department. That part is sort of difficult to get to. Overall, not a bad phone, good battery life.

I had the latest touchscreen Tracfone but had to let it go because I could never get reception in my home in the valley. Research brought me to the knowledge there are 2 types of tracfones, ones that use AT&T and ones that use Verizon. My previous one was AT&T. I bought this because it is one of only a couple CDMA phones that will bounce off the Verizon towers all around me.  Since getting this phone, I have not lost signal once inside my home!  It is more basic than other Tracfones, but does the job for me. Downsides are the buttons are small, yet, my big fingers seem to hit them just fine, not many options for ringtones, and the MP3 player isn't the greatest of sound quality. My biggest peeve is you only get 160 max characters for texting and then you are cut off, just like that, and have to either alter your message, or send an additional one. This includes texts you receive as well - if they exceed 160, you are charged for as many  messages as it takes to view sender's message. All in all, I am satisfied and the phone was dirt cheap. I am just so glad to finally have reception in my home, so if you are experiencing reception issues, check to see if it is a G or a C phone. Might need to switch.

I use the Safelink program for my cell service and was never real pleased with the very basic phones they offer, but on a tight budget it was my only cell option. I dropped my trusty LG flip phone in the snow last week, and it took 2 days to find it... after which it did not work quite right. I ordered this one to transfer my number to, and the process was easy and I am SO happy to have a more modern looking phone with easier texting! I probably wouldn't have jumped into upgrading had I not dropped my old phone, but this was so worth it I wish I had ordered one sooner!My only tip is check your area for coverage, as there are 2 types and the SIM card kind does not work in all areas (like mine).

I was under impression it worked with Straight talk service, but it does NOT. Its a decent phone though I havent used it.

I wanted to upgrade my tracfone to a qwerty keyboard, and this is the phone I chose.  The keyboard looked so small I was concerned about being able to type accurately, but I haven't hit the incorrect key yet.  So texting is much easier now.  The camera works great, adding contacts was easy, and transferring my number and minutes went very smoothly.  I'm very pleased with this purchase.

All of the sounds and alerts work, texting works, calls work.  The menu is very easy to navigate.There is a &#34;lock&#34; feature that works well EXCEPT.... If you miss a call while the phone is locked, the phone can still call that person back if you accidentally hit the send key without knowing, WHILE locked.  And the phone will not automatically lock itself if you are in the Contacts list (and maybe some other menus).  It will only auto-lock if you are on you wallpaper/home screen.While those two grievances are annoying, it is just going to be something that I will be training myself to deal with and avoid.  The triple minutes for life rocks.  I can get by paying an average of $10 per month and have enough minutes to text and talk a reasonable amount.

I have used a flip phone with pay as you go for many years, and felt comfy with monthly cost of about 9 bucks for my light calling activity.  I have tablets and laptops to use the web, and have no intention to own a touch screen &#34;smart&#34; phone because I'm on a fixed income and do not use these tools as toys.I pondered the value of adding this phone purchase for weeks, and I will now have a phone to keep in the car and another to carry in my handbag.For LESS than...250 bucks a YEAR...I have 2 phones to use at my convenience. (The TRIPLE MIN. is set up within the phone, and it works as claimed.)In my humble opinion, this phone is NOT complicated to use at all...and the service is a breeze to connect with.The buttons are small...but well designed for an amazingly user friendly experience.Just take your time to learn the product and it's services.I know that you'll be happy with this phone, too!

works great no problems with it i will try and buy from yous in the future thx again guys bye

bought phone for grandson worked well until a week after buying additional air time. phone stopped working. new battery, re activate x4 without success.  I am ordering another phone and returning this one.

Great phone, phone calls are crisp sounding. Keyboard makes it so easy to text. And yes it has audio notifications for voicemail texts and so fourth. I know there was alot of bad reviews saying it doesn't have any audio notifications for texts but mine works.

Works like a charm. I am in love with this phone I've personalized it for me meaning took pics placed it according to name as well as a ringtone. Also created own ringtone for answering calls thru voicemail, took pics of female cat Goldie (she) has her own ringtone. Maxed out the memory now have mega space for pics, photos, notes, music and other stuff. Thanks to Amazon for such a gem.

Good sound quality,good signal strength.I'm very satisfied with this phone. #'s are a bit small for video games,but are ok otherwise.

So far I love it.  I previously had a Tracfone without a dialpad and it drove me crazy trying to put in passwords, etc. quickly, so I made a switch to this one.  It not only has a dialpad but also a QWERTY keyboard.  The keys are pretty small but so far no problems with the dialing, etc.  Though still small, it is a little larger than the previous one, which I like.Have used Tracfone for many years and am satisfied.  Why pay for a monthly plan when you only use a phone when traveling or away from home.  Most cell phone plans are like a sieve draining money from the wallet continuously.  I'll take Tracfone or a similiar pay-as-you-go plan any day, and I've had both.  This one will browse the web if needed.  I've not done that yet and am sure it will eat up the minutes, but it is nice to have if needed.  With a triple minutes phone like this one, cell phone minutes cost roughly 10 cents a minute plur or minus, so for someone who uses minutes sparingly like I do, the monthly cost is minimal.

I bought this phone to upgrade from my prevoius LG double min tracfone. I paid a lot more than the Amazon price, wow. The only thing decent about this phone is the triple minutes. My LG power button stopped working and I will say I wish I had not changed over and just kept on keeping it charged. The signal strength on Samsung is weaker in the same area that I used the LG in. The battery barely makes 2 days with very little use before needing to charge it compared to days my LG lasted. If I hadn't just switched, spent the money on phone and annoying time to transfer, I would transfer back. Buy a better phone. This was literally the only qwerty keyboard phone I could find in any local store, so I bought it, sorry I did. Other then those annoying problems, phone works fine.

I can't believe I paid $19 for this item. It was even cheaper than walmart.  I have not had any problems with this phone. I am very happy with it.

This phone I got was $9.90. I thought it was good deal. I activated thru web and tried to transfer minutes thru web as well. Activation was ok, but minutes never got transferred. I called 800-876-7183 only to get machine, that telling me that we are processing my program and try test calling in 15 min, if issue persists then call us back, goodbye. I tested a call and check the minutes then called back only to get the same message. This was endless loop. Total frustration. I found get human number in web 800-867-5357 I believe then got CSR who let me punch bunch of code in the phone and minutes transfer completed.Phone's qwerty key is excellent though.

I just switched from a Verizon contract phone to this one. You can't beat the price and activation was simple. So far no pocket/purse dialing. A charge lasts a couple of weeks. Keeping my same phone number went smoothly. I did the activation online and had no problems. The phone is light and easy to use. I never texted on my old phone, but have started on this one. The keys are fairly small, but I've had no problems with hitting an incorrect key. Ring that I have chosen is loud and the caller's voice is clear. I also got this phone for my husband and he has no problem hearing with his hearing aid. That was always a problem with our old flip phone. Even he has been able to text and make calls with no problem.We both really like this phone and would recommend it.

The Samsung S380C works everywhere where I live.  It is a CDMA  phone on the Verizon network!  Texting is much easier with the full keyboard.  Triple minutes mean we'll never run outTracfone would only sell GSM service phones on the AT&T; network where I live.  We couldn't get a signal at our house.  Had to drive 5 miles to get any bars, about 16 to get a stronger signal.  Those phones didn't even work in Walmart!

This Tracfone works differently than many others I've had, and not for the better.  The menu is different, just taking a photo is a real pain.  It has a micro-SD slot but you cannot have pics go directly to it, have to take the pic, save, then move later.  Picture messaging burns 6min per msg, which is ridiculous.Also when activated, transferred another number to it, and didn't get the 3/2-times xfer like other triple min phones did when &#34;upgrading&#34; from dbl-min to triple-min.Overall huge disappointment, would avoid this model like the plague.

I love this phone. I never thought I would get a tracfone but this phone is a great phone to have.

My bf and I both love this phone! The triple minutes and QWERTY keypad were what drew us in, and we haven't regretted the purchase since! :)

This phone is a great value for the price. I set mine up in just a few minutes. Contrary to what is said about alerts, this phone does have audible text message alerts. Maybe there has been an update? The only negative for me is that the buttons are small.

I basically got this phone for the triple minutes. I already had a qwerty phone w/double minutes, but up until now, there wasn't a phone with the triple minutes that could be used in my area. This will pay for itself in no time. It was shipped and received quickly. The reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is because of two of the features of this Samsung s380c phone.  When I want to send a text, I don't have the option to just look for a name in my phonebook from the text area, it needs the actual phone number. I don't have phone numbers memorized, that is why I have a phonebook in my phone. Sure, you can go through the phonebook part and select a name of the person you want to send a text to and go from there, but if you want to send to multiple persons, you have to go through the text way and know your numbers. Also, for the camera part; you are supposed to be able to zoom by using the side buttons, but they do not work on this phone.  That part is a little annoying.  Otherwise, I'm happy with this phone.

As a phone, it sounds clear on both ends. It's crisp and loud enough to hear well, and the mic blocks out most background noise. The keypad makes texting SMS messages easy. It does have Bluetooth, and it accepts micro SD cards, so it makes a good mP3 player. The camera is only 2 megapixel, so it's good enough for Facebook shots and video clips, but not much else. It isn't a smartphone, so don't expect miracles trying to use email, Facebook or the web. It does these tasks, albeit very slowly, but in a pinch if you really need to get a message or a picture through, you can do it. Be prepared for high data cost on pay-by-minute plans, as it deducts ten cents per minute of use, whether or not the data goes through. So use data services sparingly unless you have an unlimited plan. If you're a power user and love all the apps, you won't be happy with this phone. But if most of what you do is communicate via voice when you need to and don't gab all day, send out a few text messages here and there, and want Facebook or email access in a pinch, this phone works well and is very inexpensive to use on a monthly basis. The battery charge lasts a week, it's built well, has a solid feel and is very reliable. It's also durable if dropped.

Great phone for the price.  It does what I need...looks great and with the triple minutes you cant go wrong.

Great item and great value. No provlems at all. Recommend for younger children for thwor first phone. Really glad we ordered.

AFTER ORDERING THIS PHONE I READ SOME REVIEWS THAT I DIDN'T LIKE SO I SENT IT BCK AND ORDERED THE S390G.

Bought this phone to replace a Triple minute SIM card phone so I could switch to a cellular network with better coverage in my area.  Very happy with it.  Great battery life, easy to use, easy to text, good voice quality.  I really like that it uses a micro usb to recharge.  Now I can keep one cord in my car to recharge my Nexus 7 and my cell phone.  Phone feels sturdy, have not had problems with flimsy buttons etc.

This phone works fine. But it can't receive text message except in English or Espanol. I think Amazon should add this to the notice.

Activated it the day i got it and i LOVE IT! The service is incredible, a highly better camera then my tablet, and a keyboard that i love the most. I would recommend this phone to anyone who needs a phone to start out with!

I've had this phone for just about a year.  For the first 4 months it worked just fine.  Then it started getting this error message that shows up in .000005 font that you can barely read.  I finally figured out that if you removed the battery it sometimes fixes it. It came preloaded with websites that were somewhat useful.  Then they changed all that.  The weather channel was dropped for something that doesn't even work with the phone.  the the browser eats up time just sitting and waiting to log into a webpage.  When I try to use my hotmail account, it won't allow me to log in without giving me some server certificate authority crap that also eats time while it sits there.  do yourself a favor and buy a real phone with a real service.

I bought this as a model with triple minutes.  I thought I would get more use out of the keyboard than I do because I send a lot of texts using a free texting app.  The web browser minutes seem to be way overpriced with tracfone and quite outdated as well.This phone has a lot of reception problems in the area I work at which was never a problem for the Verizon subscription phone I replaced with this one.  I dont know if that is an issue with the phone or the tracfone service network. I had thought tracfone hopped carriers and in the past when i used tracfone (ages ago) it seemed like they would pick up in more areas than the other providers.Also the end button is oddly placed.  I tend to hang up on people a good bit with my cheek pressing the end button.  The phone locking is also annoying.  you have to press two buttons in order to get it to unlock.  THe keys are tiny and it is damned near impossible to place a call while driving because of this.Ive considered getting another tracfone to replace this one with.  Maybe even one the more old school looking flip phones since I rarely use messing with this one and the internet capabilities look rudimentary and are a little pricey IMO.  My flip cell phone circa 2005 would actually suit me better than this one because of its ease of dialing alone.

If you're looking to talk or text buy it.Tracfones are terrible smartphones.Lousy web or camera.This phone is perfect for short communication.

I would recommend this phone to anyone with a tracfone that has problems with reception in some areas.I tried other tracfonesand was always dropping calls.

We live in a fringe area of Verizon coverage and bought these phones to dump their contract. Overall we are pretty happy with the phones as they connect as well as our Verizon phones did.  We paid about $14 for each phone-shipping included and are generally low minute users so in the long run this is going to save to save us quite a bit-especially with the triple minutes and the use of promo codes.Unless you are using hundreds of minutes a month these are worth their small cost to see if you can jump off the Verizon leash.  Just buy one and try it for a month or two. If it works for you port your Verizon number to your Samsung and you're good to go.

I've only had the phone a few days but it seems to be doing great. I've only charged it once and I now have signal! My only complaint would be that the keys are a little small for my fat fingers.

The phone easily transferred all my contacts from my old phone via Bluetooth.  It seems to have a more sensitive antenna for me to use up in the mountains where I live.  It has a larger screen, better camera and an external micro SD slot and accepts up to 16 GB.  Great MP Player!

I have another tracfone, an LG220 series, but I wanted a second one with browser capabilities. I like the design of the Samsung, but TracFone service on setup was terrible.It would not set up online, so I had to call the Help number, which routes you to machines and voice-recorded options. So I got on the Help Forums. What a runaround!! You must post 5 messages to the Help forums before they will help you, and always by PM, never in the Public area of the Forum.So I go thru all that, and one rep will ask me a question via PM, hours later. I answer the question, and either nothing happens, or another rep will answer me hours later with a second question. I've been given the run-around so often it's just a huge Catch-22.  If you manage to get a rep on the phone, and enter strings of number codes into the phone, they then say, "Hang up and see if you can make a call. If you still have problems, call back."So I attempt to make a call and it fails. When I call back, I get the voice recordings again, NO HUMANS. So back to the PMs and regular Forums, begging for some human intervention.After finally getting the phone set up, days later, I discover that browsing doesn't work. I do live in a remote area of WA, so I thought it was because there is only one tower locally, and perhaps that was why browsing failed. So I tried the phone 30 miles south in a metro area. FAIL.  Back to the Forums. They continue to ask the same questions: phone #, Serial #, # of bars etc, all with hours-or-days long intervals, or complete drops of my issue.After giving up on that, I went to a MAJOR metro area 70 miles South of me. Browser still fails. So I called the help line and chose the "Change my number" function and attempted that -- lo and behold, got a human on the line. More #'s to input, and she says, "Dial *22890 to activate, follow the prompts & get your new phone number (based in the metro area 30 miles south).  Guess what happened ?? Wait for it...FAIL. Back to the Help line (25 minute wait before giving up); so back to the Forums. I put ALL my info on my first message on the Forums, gave my home landline number as well, and now am playing Forum message tag with the TracFone reps AGAIN.My phone will not work at all now, because it is not activated. My old number is "no longer in service" so it will not receive calls either.If I can't get it going today, I'm going to return it to Amazon, except my NEXT problem is transferring the ONE YEAR of service and 1000+ minutes I loaded onto it at activation, early Sept 2013.Edited to add, 10 Oct: Never got the phone working, no matter what metro area I tried. More email tag with TracFone & got my minutes and service moved over to my old TracFone...and I cannot return the new one because more than 30 days have elapsed (other vendor). Happily I only paid a pittance for it. I could use it as a camera, still, but my new smartphone, purchased at US Cellular store from a real human, has a great camera, 2 actually, and does everything but my laundry.

Was not expecting much considering the price. I was pleasantly surprised. It does everything I needed it to do and more.

I'm impressed with the clarity of sound.  Very crisp.  People say they can hear me better and I can hear them better.  It's been a good phone.2 things are irritating:1)  Texting.You can only text 160 characters.  My previous Tracfone, an LG, would let you continue beyond the alloted characters and just charge you for sending 2 text.  This phone will stop you cold with a "exceeded maximum counter" message and not give you any option beyond that.  You have to either send the text and then create another to finish, or save it in drafts until you can finish it and then send them both.2)  Alarm.It doesn't give you the option to NOT pick snooze when you set it.  That's something you have to fumble with when it goes off.....in the dark..... when you're half asleep, which involves more than one push of a button if you choose not to use snooze.  A real pain.Had difficulty porting my number, and my first attempt at buying minutes was a mess.  Called Tracfone and got alot of attitude about it.  Got it fixed on the second attempt and everything's been going good since.Overall it's still a good phone.

I like the phone overall, but, for anyone who prefers an audio notification of voicemail, MMS or SMS messages, don't buy this phone.  For what I paid, & my past experience with Samsung phones, I wasn't expecting the lack of something I'd consider to be a basic feature.

I bought this to upgrade from a flip phone. its great for texting, takes nice photos and even replaces my mp3. love it
