
Completely new, packaged well, and works great. No complaints whatsoever. This was a really good buy, would recommend this phone to anyone.

The phone is fine, but you don't want Virgin Mobile. I switched to save a few bucks. They couldn't port my number and every month I have to drive to Best Buy for a card to pay my bill because Virgin won't process my credit card. When I complain they just tell me to contact my bank. Funny, all my credit cards work elsewhere! What a nightmare! I can't believe people let this company fly them or take them into space!

if I take the battery out It will work for about 5 minutes and then it says error message and won't connect.  Sent  a message to VM haven't heard back but at this point this is a very expensive dumb phone.

This is the best phone Virgin has to offer at the moment. Was trying to wait for the SIII or something with Jelly Bean on it. But looks like Virgin taking their sweet (pun intended) time getting Android's latest OS.The phone is a bit lighter than i thought it would be, but no denying it is a gorgeous piece of kit. Feels really solid in the hand, although the extra width is taking a of getting used to, feels like it wants to slip out of your hand.The activation process was a bit more cumbersome than just turning on the phone and running the activation module, maybe because i was a current customer. Had to call Virgin customer support. The rep was professional and quick. Five minutes about all it took to get the activation completed. All my contacts and other android stuff was soon available.The SII screen is wonderful, the extra real estate makes a huge difference. Have to reconsider getting a Kindle now, the kindle app renders content so clear, can hardly see needing another device to read ebooks on.Still only a few days into owning this thing and my only complaints, so far, is the spottiness of the 4G coverage. This is what Virgin (Sprint) is charging you extra for, so needs to be much better.

I got my phone on monday! It feels great and it works really nice. Keyboard is amazing too and battery life as well. I love virgin mobile and they are affordable with their plans. I find this phone better than the iphone 4 and cheaper and with a nicer screen which is big too.

If you are a Virgin Mobile customer, (or thinking about it) and can fit this into your budget get this phone. I've been a V.M. customer for about a year and decided to upgrade my phone so I got for this phone. It has a great screen size, it's fast and I had heard good things about the Samsung Galaxy. The price from Amazon is better than any place else so, I went for it.I ordered it on a Friday afternoon and paid a little extra for Sat. delivery, I wanted to do the setup and activation over the weekend.The activation went smooth and then Sunday I just happened to do a web search (not on V.M. yet) about an updates &#34;Virgin Mobile Galaxy II updates&#34; and found that Samsung has an update (for this phone) to Jellybean 4.1.2. You can't beat that for good timing.A little tip about the update: You do need to restart your computer for the drivers to work. IE Download, extract and install, then restart and run.Thanks Sir Richard expect my call ;-)

I like how sleek it is. I've had it for almost a year, just recently started turning off randomly (hoping the new battery will work) Also I found that I had to take out the battery a every once in a while because it will freeze or something, and I really don't have apps, I use it for messaging, picture taking and call purposes mainly. Good for that, but I guess I don't need a 'fancy' phone like this.

Lots of Google apps that I don't use and can't delete either which take a lot of the memory.That's it.

I am very frustrated with this phone. Kept powering off. Very irritated. Otherwise the other features are ok. Luv the size

The Phone is very good primarily because I live in the NYC area where I utilize 4G. I also get 4G in my home. When I leave the NYC area, the phone becomes 3G data speeds -though I did get 4G in South Phili. I'm not a big fan of touch phones as I love Blackberry, but find the sense of touch here OK. I'm not a big fan of the Android OS, but I am able to use it.When 4G is available for me (most of the time), I like the phone. In some areas the phone toggles back and forth between 3G and 4G.Phone reception is fine.I had to change the battery to more than double the size as I am a heavy user. Sprint usually has poor building penetration, such as in Libraries, Citifield, etc.It was worth it because of the 4G area I live in.

I was most surprised by the internal 11GB of space.  You think you only have 4GB but there is an &#34;internal USB&#34; that can hold up to 11GB.  Plus, with my 32GB SD card,  I'm rockin with 43GB of available space.  Not bad.  Everything works on the phone.  Still getting used to the 4G Wimax network.  Definitely not LTE capable but it does give a little boost.  I LOVE the 8MP camera!  It's the very reason I went with it than the Reverb which is LTE capable.Samsung is an awesome company.  This phone will get all the latest Android updates from their own website!  I upgraded from 4.0 to Jellybean just minutes after activating the phone.  I have nothing but good things to say about the phone.  Would have preferred the SIII of course but beggars can't be too choosy.  So glad I went with Titanium instead of white.

Stinks - many problems with this.

Love this phone! Still learning about what it can do, but it's fast and very easy to use. Love it! Love it!

This phone may be aging, but if you're going the pre-paid route like I did (Virgin Mobile, specifically), this is a very good way to go.  With a relatively light weight and slim profile, it fits nicely in my pocket.  The glass touch screen delivers a vibrant display, and optional live backgrounds add to a modern, attractive aesthetic.  The screen transitions/slides are sleek and enjoyable, and it took me very little time to learn the ins and outs of the OS (which is Android's Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0).The camera is excellent, taking finely detailed pictures and with some pretty smart focusing options.  I'd like more control over the white balance, but honestly, the quality of the pictures the phone takes make the biggest difference between it and a higher end, consumer-grade camera how much outside-the-box thinking you have to do to get a good shot- and there's not much needed.  If your pictures should need any extra lighting, there's a nice flash on the phone, but it gets more mileage from my flashlight app than it does from the camera.  In short, this phone takes excellent pictures.  If you're photographically inclined, and don't like carrying more than one electronic device with you, this phone is definitely for you.Its sound recording abilities are surprising, too.  I've recently started work on a self-produced voice acting demo, applying my college studies of audio recording and sound for picture to make it sound professional, and this phone has been instrumental in recording foley on the go.  Sure, it's not a thousand dollar condenser microphone, by any stretch, but it does its job in a pinch, and the sounds I've recorded (outdoor background noise, the kicking/throwing/dropping of auto body parts found in a body shop dump, etc.) are high-fidelity enough to lend to the professionalism of my demo without burning such a hole in my pocket that I'm no longer presentable.Oh yeah, phone features.  I was rather wary of buying a phone without buttons, as I text more than I talk, but this phone honestly has the best smart text entry system I've seen yet: you can actually enter words by tracing a line from letter to letter, and about 95% of the time, the text entry program guesses the words correctly.  No need to lift your finger from the screen- even when my line's direction is questionable, I still get less typos than I've had with any other smart text entry system.  Thanks to this system, coupled with the Inkpad Notepad app, my little Moleskine notebook (of comparable size to the phone, but thicker) gets much less use; this system is almost as quick as writing by hand, and easier since it can be done on the one multipurpose device I carry in my pocket.Browsing the web is about as easy as it gets on a phone (granted, my experience is limited with this; this is my first data plan, so take this with a grain of salt, if you must): quick, with easy panning, scrolling and zooming.  Image viewing is expectably great, given the high quality of the display.  My complaints largely have to do with Virgin Mobile and the reception I get.  It's certainly not intolerable; I can make/receive calls and text just about anywhere, although I've had some experience with dropped calls when they've gone on for twenty minutes or so- although such calls are rare for me, so it's not a huge deal.  Just check the 4G map before you go with 4G in mind, and be prepared for some dodgy reception on that score.  At home, I find it easier to connect via Wi-Fi with my FiOS internet than to use the 4G/3G capabilities of my phone, even though I'm still within a 4G zone (though near the edge of it, admittedly).  Still, at $35 per month (and no hidden fees, furthermore!), I can't complain too hard.I also wasn't very impressed with the music player; looks like my Zune will have a few more years of use, yet.  It organizes tracks alphabetically according to title, not even file name, much less by track number in the song's tag.  Sure, there are apps out there that'll turn your phone, with the 16 gigs you can add to its stock 16, into a bona-fide Mp3/FLAC/WMA (the latter being my format of choice, never mind the file size) player, but if my Zune already does that, I don't see any reason to bother looking for one.Before I conclude this lengthy review: battery life.  You will have to charge this daily.  Twice a day, if you use the connection optimizer (which I don't; waste of battery life, if you ask me).  That's about par for the course as far as smartphones go, but essential to include in any review.In conclusion, I'm very happy with my Galaxy S II.  It's my computer away from home, my notebook on the go, my portable microphone, my camera, and even holds some of my books, thanks to the Kindle App.  Oh yeah, and it's a fully functional telephone, too.  Honestly, I haven't even halfway plumbed the depths of this device's capabilities.  There are a few minor details that keep me from giving it a full five stars (I'd give it four and a half if I could), largely to do with Virgin Mobile's service (although $35 a month is quite reasonable, considering unlimited 3G and 2.5GB of 4G/month), but on the whole, if, like me, you're one of those people with top-shelf tastes and a happy hour budget, this phone is definitely for you.

I have had the lg optimus which was great and then i went to what i thought was a better phone (motorola triumph) it was not. This samsung is by far the best 4g cell phone out there for virgin mobile i have no complaints!

As I have said before, I have had, and still own many Virgin mobile phones. I change phones all the time(I bore easily) anyway, The Samsung Galaxy line of phones is by far my favorite, though I do wish they made a beefed up version of the LG Optimus V, That's a great phone too. Anyway, The S3 this ain't, but a Very close call in my opinion. The 5mp camera is not bad and actually takes a fairly good picture.  With it's display and layout on the settings, it is a very well functioning Menu layout. . As always I suggest a case for this as the phone is thing and slippery. Also, the usual Memory card as well. I know some of these phones can take a hefty SD Mini card but I usually stick to around a 16gb and I'm happy. I have put a lot of apps on this phone and have not had a storage problem. I rock back and forth between my Virgin Mobile Supreme, Galaxy Ring, Galaxy Reverb and the Galaxy Victory. I also have an HTC Vone and my reliable Optimus V with an extended battery. I just think that Virgin mobile is a Swell bunch of folks offering us working stiffs an affordable alternative to the Big name and worse yet, Huge price cell service. I highly reccomend this phone and Virgin Mobile Wireless.

I absolutely love this phone. So easy to use and super fast. Don't know how I got through life without it. Everyday I discover something new. I haven't turned on the computer to access emails, check social status since the phone arrived. Next will be banking. I thought having such a larger phone would be a bother but its slim profile fits perfect in my pocket and i can hardly tell it's there. Can't wait to find more surprises!

The phone a was a good buy, had some pretty good features for its price, also it has longer battery life that i thought it did.

In the first four months I have sent it back to Samsung 3 times.  They will not do anything more than flash the phone and send it back.  I can't use it for anything but phone calls.  The buttons at the bottom stick.  It will randomly start hitting the back button.  You try to text or use an app and it will throw you out.  It will even do it when the phone is just sitting on the desk.  I had to buy a disposable phone to use while this phone is in the shop.  NEVER AGAIN!

I upgraded from the Samsung Intercept, and it was worth it! I couldn't be happier with the performance of the phone and it's features. I'll take this over the I-phone any day.

The seller was very generous with their offer and it came with all the bells and whistles, 32gig micro-sd, for a great price.  It came extremely quickly and worked just fine.  I've had it for about 2 weeks and can't complain at all.  A great screen, solid call quality, and apps galore.

Really enjoying the Samsung Galaxy S II 4G. Usually I drive 52 miles 5 days a week from home to my job and can listen CNN live, France24 live and many Internet radios with the 4G without many interruptions, and this during my driving. I am a big smooth Jazz fan and connected with Pandora Internet radio, I can also listen the best of Smooth Jazz music in my car on my way to work and coming back home.Also, lot of free apps to download, very fast Internet connection, and the phone will go from 4G to wireless connection

The wife and I are ecstatic about our new phones, especially considering we upgraded from a barely functional LG Optimus V. The storage is great and the functionality is so smooth.I was having trouble with the USB connection and did a lot of fruitless web searching before I finally decided just to try Samsung's e-mail tech support. Within a day, I had received all the info I could possibly need, including the thing that solved my problem. (I needed to use the USB cable that came with the phone.)The one minor irritation with this phone (hence 4 stars instead of 5) is the power button being on the side, directly opposite the volume buttons. I can't believe that choice got through the testing phase. It means I have to pull my phone out of its holster from the bottom, instead of grabbing it on the upper edges, like I'm used to. But that's a change I'm willing to make for such an otherwise delightful phone.

The phone is great! i change the software on it tho so.... for me its great. The person who sold it to me is the problem. It was suppose to be new, which it wasn't. I had a hard time getting it to my account because it was used.

I absolutely love this phone, its very fast and responsive in every way!The shipping was fast as well! Ive had this phone for over 3 months now and it hasn't slowed down one bit. It has handled a rooting very well and is a top performer for sure! Highly recommended.

This is a nice upgrade for someone coming from a much simpler android. That said, it has some quirks. I have had constant issues with its ability to communicate properly with the towers. It will randomly change the time, time zone, etc which causes the alarms to sound at the wrong time (read: this reviewer ends up late to work). I have communicated with Virgin about this without a great solution besides changing the settings to not get this info from the towers. I also found that the screen cracked easily and I realize I should have gotten the insurance. It has not been a real issue though.One important thing to understand is that the battery life is not great. It helps if you close out the programs by holding down the home button and then choosing which to close, but it still never gets me through a day. I keep chargers everywhere, unfortunately, and often am scanning public areas for an outlet.Overall, its a nice phone and does what I need it to do.

I chose this phone a few months ago because there was a special promotion ($100 credit)to transfer from an existing competing cell phone carrier; plus I really wanted a better phone, what I had before was pretty basic (samsung galaxy prevail). I loved it, except that after one month, the phone died. So I was offered a "refurbished" phone as the replacement, which I did not find fair (this is apparently standard practice), except the manager (was the 5th person in contact) was apologetic and gave me a few more incentives.Aside from this experience, I will give more details about the second phone. It is 3G/4G, which means, if it is available in your area, wherever you are at the moment, you will get 4G service. You can tell by the icon at the top of the cell display. I was able to get my personal e-mail activated pretty quickly. I'm not an expert in electronics, like my husband (who has way more reviews BTW), but this was easy enough to do (I was walked through with my IT guy at work, with my previous cell phone, prevail). Google and all my contacts were pretty easy to transfer, too. The Apps are very easy to download and use; many are free, as well.  My favorite Apps are: facebook, ebay, & yelp. I love the camera, and it takes pretty good pics if your subjects are still. The video capability is pretty good too. The gallery is pretty easy to navigate too. I had to play with my phone to familiarize myself after reading the basic guide book (very basic BTW). Once you are familiar, it is pretty easy to navigate as a user. Also, I've dropped my cell many times, but it has held up pretty well. (I had a blackberry some years ago, and the ball kept breaking.) Few issues with dropped calls (service with carrier is pretty good).Here are the down sides: (1) Cell Battery is VERY low- I have to recharge my phone twice a day. I looked it up, and apparently, many other users have this same problem; maybe too many apps are in use, I don't know. This is at times frustrating.(2) The touch screen is a bit touchy; you can easily swipe the wrong thing. (3) Sometimes my cell phone flashes (ie. goes from something to another without me touching or swiping it) from time to time. Though the 1st cell did that more frequently, before it died.So, in summary, many Pros, rather than Cons. I really like this phone. I do want to get the S4 but $600 is really out of my budget right now.

Virgin Mobile has always been a great value, delivering acceptable phones and service at a far lower total cost of ownership than the big contract carriers. Low cost coupled with much more flexible terms, from being contract-free, makes these carriers worthy of consideration for all cell phone consumers.The downside to Virgin Mobile, is that the phones that they offer are always about a year behind the current, cutting edge offerings. This remains true, however being a year behind is mattering less and less now that smart phone technology is reaching a plateau. I'm not saying that the iPhone 5 is not better than the iPhone 4S, that the Samsung Galaxy S3 is not better than the Samsung Galaxy S2, or that 2012 HTC Evo 4G is not better than the 2010 version of the same phone. What I'm saying is that the improvements are far more nuanced now, in 2012, than they were in 2010 or earlier. Getting a phone with last year's technology is not as big of a deal now as it once was, especially when you look at the cost difference.This phone, the Samsung Galaxy S2 4G is obviously not the newest version of this phone available. If you want the very newest and best, you won't get that on Virgin Mobile or any other budget priced contract free carrier. It is however very adequate, and by far the best phone ever offered for this low of a total cost of ownership.I have had six different Android phones on Virgin Mobile, including the HTC EVO 4G, Motorola Triumph, Optimus, etcetera. I bought this phone in November 2012 at Radio Shack, the day that it became available. I still have an HTC Evo 4G in our family, but personally have been using this phone for over a month now, quite heavily.This Samsung Galaxy S2 4G runs Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich), which is currently (at the time of this review) one version behind the newest versions of Android (Jelly Bean 4.1 & 4.2). It has a fast dual core processor, good 8MP camera, is 4G capable, has great battery life, and has overall great performance. Although it has been out for over a year on Sprint, it is not nearly as far behind the mainstream as previous Virgin Mobile offerings have been.Size. This phone is more similar in size to the Motorola Triumph than it is to the bulkier HTC EVO V 4G. With a 4.52" AMOLED touch screen and a thin body, it is the most compact phone for the screen size that Virgin has ever had available. I really like the form factor. After using it for about a week without a case, I put an Otterbox Defender on it. That case bulks the phone up quite a bit, but it is still comfortable. I like it with or without the case, but got the case because of my clumsiness and lifestyle.Cases. Since this phone is identical to the one that has been on Sprint for over a year, there are plenty of great cases available for it, including ones from top of the line companies like Otter Box. There are many times more accessories available for it than for previous Virgin Mobile phones, except for the HTC Evo V 4G which also had a lot of cases to choose from.Screen. I love the 4.52" screen size, and this one is even sharper and more vivid than the one on the HTC Evo 4G, which was better than the Motorola Triumph. It is great.Touch Screen. The touch screen is very responsive, accurate, and precise. By far the best touch screen I've ever used. Even better (or equal to) the one on the Apple Ipod Touch. I use that comparison because I've always felt that the Touch was better than the Android phones I'd had in the past. The HTC Evo V 4G is the same in this regard. Both phones have excellent touch screens.Keyboard. The touch screen keyboard on this phone is awesome. The touchscreen keyboard on the HTC EVO V 4G was far better than any of the previous Virgin Mobile offerings, and this one on the Samsung Galaxy S2 is even better.Battery. The battery life on this phone is incredible because of its increased size and better power management and network management. It lasts 3 times longer than the battery on the Motorola Triumph, and about twice as long as the one on the HTC EVO V 4G. I like that this phone gives you an actual percentage reading for the battery instead of just the imprecise icon.Network management. This phone is great at making seamless transitions between 3G, 4G, and Wifi, always switching to the best available choice. The HTC Evo V 4G used to give me some problems in this area. The S2 is flawless at this.Camera. The 8MP camera on this phone is far better than any cell phone I've ever had. I think that it rivals the iPhone and in most conditions can fully replace your compact point and shoot camera. The video camera shoots 1080p video and is also very good.4G. Having 4G is great, especially since the Virgin Mobile 3G network is a little slow sometimes.Internet Sharing. The ability to share this phone's internet connection is awesome and works really well. It works great on both 3G and especially 4G. It is simple to use, and at $15 a month is a much better value than a Mifi card.Call Quality. The call quality is great on this phone, and is much better than the Motorola Triumph which sometimes sounded muffled, and slightly better than the HTC EVO V 4G which wasn't bad. It is clear for both you and the person you are talking to.Bluetooth. The Bluetooth on this phone works great both with a headset and with my car. I love how it seamlessly transitions from my Podcast Application (Doggcatcher), Navigation, and phone calls.Processor. This phone is snappy and doesn't seem to have any processor induced lag at all. No matter what I run or play, it works the way it is supposed to, even when I'm multi-tasking. The processor seems to be more than adequate.Durability. This phone is no more or less durable than any of the other plastic smart phones out there. I personally wish that more phones were available with unibody metal housings. I used to wish the same things about laptops and they are finally moving that way. Hopefully more phones will be more durable in the future. Anyway, this phone is adequate in this area.Reliability. So far, I have had no issues with applications or functions crashing on this phone. It works consistently and flawlessly. I will update this review if I find anything getting hung-up or crashing. I have had the phone since they first released it, and still haven't had any problems. My experience in this area was the same on the HTC EVO V 4G.If there are any topics that you wanted me to address that I failed to, please let me know in the comments and I will update this review for you.

I had an Lg optimus and upgraded to this phone.  I love the size and the features that this phone has one it.  I am still learning new things about this phone since last Wednesday, which is when I got the phone.  The shipping and ordering process went great!

Excellent Phone, there is nothing performance wise that an iphone has shown me that this has not exceeded. WIFI has been great, has as good reception as any other phone I've seen from Virgin. Initial battery life when screen on auto and power saving turned on would get it to late in the afternoon with moderate usage. I put a qcell 4100mah battery on the phone and I haven't been able to drain the battery in 24 hours. I get around 75 emails a day, texting, google voice, browsing etc... Still have the screen set on auto. But no other battery saving options. Haven't really needed to reboot, runs real smooth. You can install Jelly bean from samsung on the phone. Definitely worth doing. This is a flag ship android device and performs like one. Worth every penny.

I just had a little problem receiving it. But was able to pick it up at the ups store. When I got it I just loved it wanted to use it right away. So far I have no problems. I would buy from this buyer again.

The phone is terrible! It always randomly shuts off and I have to pull the battery out and put it back in to get it to work again.The apps always freeze on me. It can't do anything without freezing. Its very annoying.I thought this was a defect in the phone but I have read other reviews with people who have had this same problem. Most won't feel tempted by this phone anyway because Virgin mobile now offers the S3. But in case you want a smart phone through Virgin and want a mid priced phone then turn away from this phone. Its not worth it.Also I never have service. It doesn't pick up a signal.

So a couple of weeks ago, I finally got fed-up with my old phone (the HTC EVO V 4G). It was laggy, the battery life was dreadful, and the camera on it--even though it was a 3D camera and claimed to be "high quality"--sucked. Heck, ONE scratch on the lens part of the camera made it so the flash function added a greenish hue to every picture I took; I could basically not use my flash. Just imagine my frustration, especially considering this happened just a couple of months after owning it.What sucks is...when I bought this phone, the white, standard version of it was sold out, so I was forced to purchase the titanium version of it. Aside from the color, they're the exact same phone. Not too big of an issue, I guess.After having the Galaxy S2 for a bit, I can honestly say that this is the best phone I've ever owned(inb4 "iPhones are the bestest!!1!") No, they are not. I own the latest generations of iPad and iPod Touch and I can honestly say that I hate the iOS platform with the burning, fiery passion of a thousand suns. But that's a conversation for another time.I've owned several phones while being a member of Virgin Mobile - The Samsung Intercept, Motorola Triumph, Kyocera Rise, HTC EVO V, and now the Samsung Galaxy S2.Since I've had it, not once have I had an issue with the battery draining rapidly, the screen ALWAYS moves as quickly as I swipe it with no input lag. This thing is basically--as numerous reviews I've seen say--a mini supercomputer. Plus since Jelly Bean is now out for the Virgin Mobile of the Galaxy S2, the phone is even better than it was before. What more could I ask for, aside from it turning into a Transformer and assisting me in taking over Earth?I would definitely HIGHLY recommend this phone to those who are looking to purchase, especially if you're as tired as I was of scouring all over the place for the perfect Virgin Mobile phone.

love the large screen.  It's larger than the iPhone screen.  I would say this is just as nice as an iPhone, but costs much less.

Pros:- Screen looks great- Camera works pretty well- Calls, texting, surfing the internet work fineCons:- Size is bordering too big- Occasionally the phone just goes black and is unresponsive. Infrequent enough that it's not a big problem but still not idealI can only imagine how great the S4 and S5 are, but I'd definitely get the mini versions of those.

the phone is nice, I like it, it works well.. the only problem was virgin mobile gave me a hard time about adding the warranty on this phone because it was bought threw Amazon.

I love the Samsung Gaxlaxy s2. I love how big the screen is & how clear everything is on the phone. The s3 is just slightly bigger than the s2. However, I purchased the phone from walmart for $299.99 I was to excited and didn't want to wait for my phone to come in the mail. Its a really great phone. I'll be keeping this phone for awhile its was $300  & some change after taxes so I'm definitely keeping this expensive phone for awhile but its worth buying online or in store!

The phone worked great for 2 days and then became plagued by ERROR 67, meaning that it could not access data (internet, e-mail, facebook, etc.).  I patiently went through three days of customer service calls to the &#34;support&#34; department of Virgin Mobile only to be told each time that the problem would be &#34;escalated&#34; the the appropriate technical department and would be fixed in 24 hours.  For three successive days, I did this dance without resolution.  Each time I called they would tell me that there was no record of my previous call or notation that the service request had been &#34;escalated.&#34;  I asked each time for a reference # or case number to follow up, but they said that they simply did not do this.  On the 4th call, I was finally told that the problem would take between 24 hours and 6 DAYS to address.The final kick in the teeth was when I finally became fed up enough to switch to a different carrier, Virgin Mobile would not cancel my account... again promising to &#34;escalate&#34; the request for cancellation.  And because they have not complied with the porting regulations, texts that should go to the new service, have kept going to the Virgin phone.  Calling their service &#34;incompetent&#34; is generous.  They can do nothing but &#34;escalate&#34; to a mythological technical team.

There are so many better phone on market,,,but this is good enough for me.If you use phone all the time and install may apps...the battery is not strong enough. you may need carry the charger or extra battery.

I bought the Galaxy S II from Virgin Mobile and I have zero complaints with the carrier, I do have complaints about the phone. For some strange reason, it turns off and on as if it has a mind of its own. The lag from the keyboard is terribly annoying because I type and the letters appear a few seconds after I finish typing an entire sentence. This may not sound like a problem, however, imagine my annoyance when I realize I misspelt words but can&#8217;t fix them because my phone is still catching up and typing the rest of my sentence. Another flaw I found would be the sound settings on the phone. Unlike the iPhone, there is no switch to mute everything. I could have my phone on silent but if I actually come across a video, the sound could blast because I didn&#8217;t turn off the internal sound, which, by the way, the only way to access it would be to go to a song or video and manually silence it. The phone also has a knack for searching for wifi when I have that setting off, which drains my battery. The battery life is good as long as you keep the 3G/4G and wifi off. Once you turn either of those on, the battery drains faster than you can say &#8220;Charger!&#8221; Lastly, the screen is terrible in the sunlight. No matter what brightness level you set it to, there will be a bad glare, squinting and no hope for you to read a thing on your screen without you being in a great amount of shade. Indoors, the phone is easy to see. The size of the screen is great, compared to the narrow iPhones. It&#8217;s also slim with a textured plastic back that makes it less prone to slipping out of my hands. This has been my first smartphone and I haven&#8217;t been pleased. I wouldn&#8217;t recommend it to anyone. Hopefully, the newer models have improved but I think I&#8217;ll give the iPhone a shot because of this bad phone experience that I have had.

Bought this a few months ago after my LG Optimus Elite crapped out. The Galaxy II has a large display and beautiful color. The speaker and handset volume are super loud. I also like the voice-to-text and the text voicemail features.

Purchased this phone for my husband.  He loves it and we are so happy to be done with Verizon.  Virgin has a great network and unlimited date for a great price.  Finally we can say goodbye to Verizon and their crazy high prices for data.

onestar if that the phone randomly does as it pleases opening menus kicking out of apps deciding when wants to charge or not

I've been with Virgin Mobile for almost a year now and this is my third phone with them. This is probably the optimal combination of good service, low monthly bill, and phone performance. This phone is a significant initial investment but it pays for itself with the lower monthly rates compared to the other providers. Plus you can resell it when something better comes along. I'm keeping this one for a while because it does everything I need it to do and it processes tasks very quickly. Haven't tried playing games yet (not into games on my phone) but switching back and forth between applications is seamless. The screen is large and vivid. The camera is great quality. I really like the indicator light that tells you if there is an unread message or notification without turning on the screen. It also shows a blue light for facebook notifications, COOL! I'm sticking with this phone and service for the long hall!

I bought this phone almost 6 month ago. This phone's specs and functions are great. No frustration, long battery life, and so on and so forth... however, it is easy to be overheated when I used some applications and try to connect 3G or4G networks. Sometimes, it caused some phone's problem: to burn my hand and to blackout the phone. Even if I skyped my friends, it occurred...I loved this phone because of the powerfulness; nevertheless, currently, I think that this galaxy s2 virgin mobile ver. is dangerous for someone who often connect to a network.  I don't recommend this Galaxy S 2 to a heavy network to someone like me who often uses skype and SNS; on the contrary, I recommend to this phone to a user who occasionally uses those applications.

I changed to this phone from the Motorola Triumph and it was a good choice. The triumph is a great phone, but this phone is superior in many ways. The screen's resolution shows more vibrant colors and the phone's processor is quite faster. Also, the picture quality is much higher on my new phone ( takes pictures as well as my actual camera!). The battery life is also about three times longer, which comes in handy when I'm away from the house all day. Overall, the phone is easy to use and worth the cost in the long run.

I have real bad arthritis. I take a vitamin called Tripleflex. It has MSM, Glucosamine, and, Chondroitin. I never cared about vitamins, until I had to do something, just to type pain free. No, I don't work for any company. I wished I did, By pressing the little microphone on the front page of my Galaxy S ll, I can speak my searches into the Google Search text field. I search for EVERYTHING! How to... when is... on this day, bla bla bla. That is only the beginning. Really, I don't talk much on a phone. The final reason that helped me decide to get this phone, and, plan, is that together, it is perfect. Affordability is a main attraction, with like a special present forever as a bonus. It's hard to explain. I guess, I really knew for sure I was missing out, after I had this Galaxy S2 for just a couple minutes. If you need a handheld state of the art, fully functionable, that never drops calls, well, try this Samsung Galaxy S2 out, with the Virgin Mobile Prepay Deal!

I havent had any problems with the phone.  16gb internal memory, 2gb phone memory.  it was between this phone and the HTC EVO V 3D which is also a great phone.  This one has a .2in bigger screen, thinner, and better battery life.  Idk if it was worth the extra $100 premium price over the EVO, but I do like it a lot.  Absolutely buy a case for this phone, it is thin and slick feeling, and being that i talk with my hands...phone in tow... i felt like without a case it may go across the room from my gestures.  Throw on a screen protector and for less than $20 its protected, lest you buy an otterbox defender series....which i thought about but was too cheap to buy.  Over all the battery life is OK but if you are a phone murderer, either get the extended battery, which i opted out of for a fitting 2pc case instead, or a 3rd party charger battery which i may get, but actually havent needed i just keep it on the charge cord when i get home, but the original cord is short tho.  Overall it is a great android phone on a prepaid network.

I oreded it two days ago and i chose the quick shipping and let me say it was great i upgraded from a lg optimus elite and wow this phone i amazing ! i highly reccomend it !

This is the best virgin mobile phone at the time I purchased it.  Only issue is crappy battery life.  Very good phone otherwise.  Shipping was fast by this seller.

I am hating this phone right now! I am having problems with it not coming on. It is not powered off but the screen will not light up when I press the button to try to make a call or send a text. I have to take the battery out time and time again and power it on again....it sucks, they won't replace it and I will never purchase it again!

I have been having this for about 6 weeks now. I purshased this phone because I could not afford the samsung galaxy Note2, but it has almost the same features except the note app (of course!). But I could live without at the moment.I loved it the first days, large screen, nice picture quality (except the self-pictures where the resolution is weak). Later on I figured out that the sound quality was not as good as with my old HTC on the highway.Overall really easy to use. I hate texting on small keyboards but the swipe functionality has given me the love of writing (text, emails) on my smartphone more than on my laptop now (hope we will have soon that feature on laptop). Anyway I love the design, the smooth navigation.You will dislike the short battery life if you do nothing against it. In the beginning I had to charge my phone twice a day with minimal use of the phone, despite the power saving on. Then I figured out that once you disable the automatic update of apps, reduce the brightness of the screen to his minimal and few more features, you can save a lot of battery power. Just try what may work best for you. Today I spent about 2 hours on the phone and at the end of the day still have about 1/3 of the battery left.You may find your phone shutting down/rebooting of its own, even though you don't need to recharge battery. The power on button will not work. The only option may be to open it, remove the battery and then power on the phone. It can be very frustrating since you may not know that your phone is turned off. This happen to me few times and it seems like it goes together with the automatic update of apps, some apps requiring a reboot of the system. Now I have  cleared the cache and disable the automatic update of apps, and think that it works, but time will let me know if I was right...I would have given 5 stars, but for all the above frustrations  I went through, I give only 3 stars now..until my next review.

This is a quality prepaid smartphone with excellent useability.  Much better than the HTC One V offered by Virgin Mobile which was extremely sluggish.  This phone at times has trouble keeping up with running processes but the experience is mostly good.Pros:- Mostly smooth interface- Great camera- Jellybean ( I HIGHLY recommend updating to this.  Make the phone run much quicker! )Cons:- Can't put too many widgets on home screen- Has to be updated to Jelly Bean to be a really good phone- Battery life makes it though 70% of the day

Got it for virgin to replac a droid on Verizon.  Connection was so much better on Verizon but it also ran 60 bucks more a month.

he wanted this phone so i bought it for him.  it seems incredibly expensive to me, but he likes it.  it is big, which is what he wanted, has a nice camera and a great operating system.  he needed to be able to get alert messages and was able to set this up to do so.

the battery does not work, does not hold enough charge and takes too long to load.the battery has never worked properly, you have to be charging each hour of use.

Had the Galaxy Note 2 for a few days, wow what a cool device, but had to pay $90.00 for the service from Sprint. Returned it and decided to go with the Galaxy S2 with Virgin Mobile paying $35/mo + $5.00 insurance fee. The S2 also is a great device, lots of ROM and can add a SD card for future apps. No restarting issues yet after a few weeks, will update if I due have any issues....

This phone is amazing. Its got 13 gigs of space on it and wayyyyy better than my old phone. My favorite part would be being able to turn it into its own wifi hot spot.

Great Android phone and a great deal through Virgin Mobile. If you have good reception from Virgin Mobile (Sprint) in your area, I would definitely recommend this phone. Fast processor and a beautiful screen.

This is a 2nd gen phone that has not been left behind when Samsung moved on.  Using the IS operating system in a Jelly Bean world is still okay.  It has crystal clear sound, beautiful pictures and is just the right size of big to be comfortable in your hand.Great value for the money.

This phone was possibly defective, but it constantly dropped calls. Friends of mine with Virgin Mobile said it wasn't the network. Returned the phone, waiting on refund.

This is my 3rd Android phone after an ancient LG Optimus V and a more recent LG Optimus L9 (also prepaid on T-Mobile).  I really liked the higher resolution L9, but T-Mobile's data network is hit-or-miss in Toledo (and gone complete outside of town).  So I'm back to Virgin Mobile (not the fastest data, but the coverage is good, consistent, and the $35 a month plan is a good value for me), with a new Samsung Galaxy S II 4G in Toledo, OH.  Here are some of my initial observations:According to all the the little blurbs at VM, we can &#34;browse the web at lightning fast 4G speeds&#34;; that would be true if Sprint had their WiMax everywhere.  Too bad it's not in Toledo (nor is likely ever to be deployed, as it is obsolete technology).  The other problem with all the 4G hype is that the Touchwiz notification toggle is set up for 4G, rather than just mobile data.  Toggle on 4G in a non-WiMax market and it looks for a bit, then gives up, without toggling data.  To start/stop 3G data, you have to toggle it manually in the Mobile Network Settings menu (or install an ugly widget that doesn't match anything else on the home screen).  The L9 let me customize this toggle, the Samsung doesn't.  Big Fail.The blurbs also mentions that we'll &#34;see every detail on the massive 4.52&#34; touchscreen&#34;.  Sure, but the resolution is only 800x480 -- great if your eyesight isn't very good.  Otherwise, the screen looks like a child's toy.  qHD (900x560) would have been more appropriate for the screen size (e.g., on the L9).I'm finding I don't care for the hard-to-see capacitive only buttons on the front face -- I'm used to having a physical Home button on the front face for (1) orientation, and (2) turning the screen back on quickly, say, to check the time or an incoming message (here, we're left only with the side Power button to do this).  Fail.WiFi seems a little iffy on the device.  All of our other mobile devices (phones, tablets, etc.) connect with our SOHO AP just fine in every part of our frame house.  The Galaxy S2 has trouble even seeing the AP at times when other devices are already connected & reporting a Good signal.  Fail.The Samsung overlay to Andoid is ugly (in my opinion), and there's not much to do about it.  As I noted above, the Touchwiz notification toggle is nice, but the data toggle is useless if 4G is unavailable.  Upgrading the phone to Jelly Bean helps alittle in this regard, but not enough.  Fix that, and I would bump up the rating by a star.  Fail.Oh, and Samsung doesn't include Google's Genie widget for news & weather updates.  Another Fail.Battery life is also a potential problem area on the Galaxy S2.  The standard 1800 mAh Li-Ion battery is under powered for the device.  Prepare to spend some time looking for ways to make it through the day if you use lots of WiFi & data.So, why did I get this phone?  Mostly due to its size (fits in a shirt pocket, the L9 fit better, though) & feature set (CPU, RAM, OS, etc.) compared to VM's other Android device offerings.  When VM offers a decent 4G LTE device (Sprint's 4G technology going forward), I'll probably give that a try.  In the meantime, I'll make due with the Galaxy S2 4G (NOT!).

FAST SHIPPER.  Good Price.  Item was as described well package as it was brand new in box.  Got it fast!Why live with a contract?  Went to Verizon thinking why is everyone going with a plan; there must be some benefit to it?!After my discounted Verizon phone broke after light use in the first 2 months and Verizon wanting me to purchase another phone at full retail price, even there discounted/re-certified phones where way over $300!!  "is there nothing you can do for me?  You guys are my carrier now and this phone is only couple months old??", I said.  "there is a Blackberry Curve re-certified for only $325." Verizon replies. "Ok I had that same phone on Virgin Mobile (VM) that I bought for 1/3 the cost you are charging, brand new and its only a 3G phone if I wanted that I would of stayed on VM and paid 1/3 of the bill also (plus your data is capped now), and did you say ONLY $325??." ... Long story shortI then saw Virgin Mobile had Dual Core and 4G phones!  Bye Verizon you can take your 78/month, 88/month, 98/month and finally 108/month?? The one thing you know is fact, your monthly will always go up with a contract.  And if you don't have insurance on your phone you will be paying as much as a non-contract phone.I had VM for 8 years and left them for 4 months and learned a valuable lesson, there is no benefit to going with a contract carrier.  If anything there is more a reason not to go with a contract.

I've been with Virgin Mobile for a long time now...almost 10 years, I believe. I've always been extremely happy with their service.A couple of years ago, I upgraded from a "pay as you go" plan to a basic smartphone and a data plan at $35/mo. The phone I got at the time was okay...it functioned, in other words, but it definitely wasn't a show stopper.I've been saving up and planned to purchase an iPhone for my plan once I had the capital to do so; however, my previous phone had other plans and decided to die on me. I needed to replace it, quickly! I decided I didn't want to just buy a "bandaid" phone; I wanted to get something I could afford now that would offer a significant performance increase over my current model (LG Optimus V).I did some research and decided to try and find the Samsung Galaxy S2. Luckily, I found that it was in stock at a retailer (out of stock from Virgin Mobile itself, though) and it was on sale.I picked up the phone, activated it, and immediately was impressed. Apps run smoothly, the phone is quick and responsive, 4G is incredibly fast compared to my previous phone's 3G, it's got a lot of memory. I've now had the phone for about a week and here is what I have found:PROS:1) Memory - over 1 GB of internal memory, plus a micro SD slot that can take up to a 32 GB card. Fantastic! This phone also allows me to move a lot more apps over to the SD card than my previous phone did, so I've already got a lot of content and apps, but I'm hardly using my internal memory at all.2) Camera - 8 MB camera with flash is really fantastic! It takes high quality photos. I'm really enjoying that a lot!3) Ease of navigation - easy, responsive touch screen; everything flows smoothly.4) Connectivity - 4G is super fast, 3G works well when 4G is unavailable, and WiFi works smoothly. Can also use as a WiFi hotspot!5) Easy to activate and set up. By far, this was the smoothest/easiest Virgin phone I've activated.CONS:It's kind of large. That's the only con I can find. And it's not even that big of a deal, but it is taking some getting used to. It feels more like a very small tablet than a phone. But I don't mind because it's such a fantastic piece of equipment overall.I'm very happy with this phone and would definitely recommend it. I'm sure I'll probably get another Samsung whenever I need to upgrade again in the future.

Not to mimic or echo what other reviewers have said but in short this is the best you are going to get on prepaid. Samsung on a different level than the other manufacturers and it clearly shows. 3 days into using the device I am playing resource intensive games, increasing my productivity at work and communication with friends and family has never been easier.Haven't tested the camera extensively yet but it's baseline performance thus far is a vast improvement for anyone upgrading from the HTC One or Evo series and probably light years ahead of any LG models. LG is a great budget phone but if you want to drop your tax return on something that will enrich your life get this phone! I will be getting a spare battery for it soon so I can continue to maximize my productivity on the go. Definitely worth the money. The big screen alone is very aesthetically pleasing, well worth the investment.Get it NOW at Virgin Mobile for only $300 (tax included) while supplies last. If it was $400 like it currently is on Amazon I'm not sure I would get it despite experiencing how great it is...

Purchased this awhile back and has worked great for me.  Do love Virgin Mobile's rates as I don't gab on the phone when I'm out and about anyways and I still have a landline so the 300 minutes is good enough.  I also use wifi a lot so it has been the cheaper alternative for me.  Bought this when it was on sale.  Call quality is very clear for me; however, Internet speed is just so-so even when I'm under the cap (have not used it enough to the point where they decrease the data speed so the speeds I've been noticing have been within the allotted data for the month).  Battery is fair, with no need to recharge much unless I forget to switch the wifi off.  If I leave it on, it needs recharging every day and a half. Otherwise, it's a pretty good product overall.

This phone is so bad, i wouldn't advice anyone to buy it. My experience with it has been horrible.The wifi disconnect randomly, the device unexpectedly shut down on it own (you'll have to remove the battery and fix it again before it restarts), sometimes the return button do not work for some unknown reasons. I bought it new and I've only used it for just over 2 months.Its a waste of money and I am trying to find ways to see if I can return it now.

What a great phone!  I upgraded from a very basic &#34;semi-smartphone,&#34; so this really dazzled me.  It's very easy to operate, the camera is excellent in terms of picture and features, and the size is large, but not overly so.

I love my cell phone, It's easy to use and Definitely a good buy from Virgin Mobile, comes in loud and clear. Great phone,would rec it to everyone.  I got my daughter one too.
