
From the Palm Pilot days to my last Samsung Infuse Android.. I have had a lot of devices and Smart Phones.  The Lumia 920 is a very well made phone with a fantastic screen.  My first few days with it were wonderful, the OS is a joy to use.  Easy to navigate but full of features to make things interesting.  No slow downs, freezing, or resets.  The choice of fonts, contrast, and screen clarity make it a joy to use.  Then on day four I only made it thru half the work day...  never had a battery die so quickly.  I turned off wifi on day 5 and made it thru work and almost home before the battery gave up.  No video use, a little music, a blue tooth headset, phone calls, a few small searches on the net, check weather and it's almost gone.  I would have thought it was a bad phone but I'm seeing other users with battery issues (that they say improve over time).  The only thing I'm sure that time cures is return rights.*** UpdateEnding up keeping the phone and yes the battery life improved.  I'm not sure why and I've never had it happen on a phone before, but it was like it needed a few charges discharges to get it's full power.  I would now rate this phone 6 stars (If I could).  Some reviews will say it's "heavy", no it's very well made and solid. The first phone that I think could survive everyday use and drops without a case.  Plus we are talking ounces here, heavy really...  Best screen I have ever seen (and the Infuse was great).  Clear, bright, vibrant, easy to read, and no glare.  Everything just works and works well. The auto adjust on brightness is the first I have been able to leave on.  Most phones try to stay on the dim side and then adjust at odd times for no reason.  I never notice the Lumia adjusting, it just seems to pick up the correct brightness for the conditions and stays there.  I'm in computer support so I see a lot of interfaces.  The Lumia Windows OS is fantastic.  Anyone who picks the phone up understands the interface within minutes.  Microsoft looked at the existing systems and then designed one for actual smartphone use.  It's not complicated or 10 levels deep, so everything is close to the main menu and easy to get to. No lags or slowdowns on this phone, movement is crisp.  Everyone knows the camera is the best on any smartphone so that was a given.  Low light shots are great and the camera stabilizes so well it looks like you used a tripod.  Daylight shots are no better than any other high end smartphone but the video and low light shots are where it shines.  Great Job Nokia and Microsoft

Great build and feel...just feels solid and well built. Size and weight are not the least bit of a concern for me.  Yes...if you want a super light phone, this probably isn't for you. If you want a great phone...this is for you.Call quality is superb. Internet browsing is fast and smooth.  Touch is very responsive.  Not as many apps as Android and iOS, but more than 125,000 and all the ones I need.  Comes with turn by turn voice nav, and a great 8.7 megapixel camera that takes 1080p video.  Battery life is good, and the wireless charging is very nice.  Music pass gets you all you eat music via subscription.I bought 3 of these phones in black....one for me, one for my wife, and one for my 16 year old XBOX fanatical son.  Love this phone.

I have been using Lumia 920 for a month now. This is the best phone ever. I was an iPhone user and did not find any inconvenience of switching. Many people complain about number of Apps. But I do not find that is the problem for me. I frequently use Nokia Map, Nokia Drive (still in beta), some games (Black Jack). They are all good Apps. So far, no rebooting. WP8 is very fast and I got job done.Camera is superb and better than my Cannon. We just came back from a Cruise trip from Bahamas and use my phone shot many videos.There is a learning curve though. But regular users should pick up within two weeks. Trust me, if I can learn how to use it, everybody can.Price is a steal. You will never get this price for the next version because both hardware and software are maturing. The only reason you can get this low price is because not many people know WP8.Give it a try and you will feel it worth your money!

I've been using this for more than couple weeks now. Everything is perfect except for the People interface is a bit mess up. Other than that everything is excellent.

.. and the Windows Phone 8 OS is awesome. It would have been perfect, if it were 20% smaller and lighter.

I love this phone. It spells quality. Very good reception, excellent camera characteristics and very clear screen that you can see in daylight. Windows 8 and its apps also rock. It makes Iphone look outdated. I have not yet used wireless charging or NFC and I am looking forward to using those. The curved glass makes it look like a real beauty. Family room is great for sharing staff. Bing also now has new screens compared to lumia 900. It is a cool product.

Bought this last April because I thought it would seamlessly interact with my Windows desktop apps. It does that nicely.Otherwise, it has been a headache. In September (only 5 months after purchase) the screen locked up. I couldn't call anyone or access anything.  Neither AT&T; or Nokia could fix it. It had to be replaced with another 920. Now here I am 4 months later and the second 920 phone has done the same thing.The phones have never been dropped, exposed to elements or immersed in water. I only use apps available through authorized sources. All of my apps updates are installed. Tech support said that this happens to touch screens. Seems that twice in year one is a bit much.AT&T; was gracious enough to upgrade me to the 1020 for the inconvenience. Stay tuned for what I hope will be a happier review.

We bought the Lumia 920 for my 12 year old, since its available for a penny(with contract).This is our first Windows phone in our Android family, and so far it has worked good.The OS itself is very slick and responsive.  Limited number of Windows apps is not a huge issue for my son as of now.I did the Amber update over the weekend and it went thro' smoothly. Also installed the really nice ProCam app.Nokia maps/navigation is excellent.The device is a little heavy but the cool yellow color is eye-catching.Overall quite satisfied with this phone, and would recommend for a first time smartphone user.

Got my 920 a week ago.  This phone deserves a lot of words to express how nice it is, but I'll try and sum things up for everybody.  It reminds me a lot of my first girl friend;  jaw dropping looks, rugged as an alligator, smooth, simple and best of all, smart.  There is one noticeable difference though...  it won't cost you an arm and leg to get to know it ($99 at AT&T on contract).  Oh yea....I highly recommend you see, touch and use the phone for yourself, and don't believe all the mis-information that folks are posting on the web.  Some have hidden agendas :-).

I have housed an iPhone since the first one, then I felt it was the in 'vogue' thing to do. I did and do feel that Apple replaces the latest module before the prior has been on the market for a year or so. That was frustrating me, so I switched to the Windows Nokia Lumina 920 and it was not user friendly and even a phone call was hard to make. The only features I cared for where the excellent pictures and the picture of the day on bing. With in a week I went back to my iPhone v

After 3 iPhones, I finally decided to jump ship to a Nokia Lumia Windows phone.  I held my ATT upgrade until Lumia 920 came out and waited anxiously for it's arrival.  It's been a long long time before I wanted anything this bad.  I'm not disappointed at all with my yellow L920.  It's great looking and it has great feel in my hands. Not heavy at all. It makes iPhone looks like a dull and dark old box.  Windows 8 is great and very easy to transition into.  It might not have all the apps but it has over 90% of the best apps. Over the past week, I've been asked by people to let them play with it all the time.  It definetly grabbed people's attention.  Welcome back Nokia!  The best camera and the best map from Nokia.

I have had the phone for a month and while I love every aspect of it above Android or iOS, the once a day freeze/crash is making the phone useless at crucial points.I have missed calls, felt embarrassed while showing off some cool feature, got lost when running navigation - all thanks to the phone freezing/crashing.A very basic expected feature of a phone is that unlike computers, it should NOT CRASH/FREEZE. All other features come after this in priority no matter who you are.So it is with extreme frustration that I am giving the Lumia 920 a low review so that others are aware of this issue before they buy.Links to Nokia forums about this issue:[...]

I love the Windows 8 OS and much has been said about it in previous reviews, but what I am struck with is just how much money you can save by owning the Lumia 920The camera is excellent so you can sell your shoot and snap camera. The video is really clear and very stable, so no need for a video camera anymore unless you are buying a high end one. The offline GPS does not use any data from your plan so you can get rid of your Sat Nav. I don't need my sports GPS watch anymore for jogging. Nokia music has loads of free music so you can ditch your Spotify subscription. I have the Xbox music subscription that syncs seamlessly with my laptop and Xbox, so I am saving loads of money on buying CD's. I'm using Kik Messenger for sending all my photos to friends rather than sending them via text.I don't have kids, but all my friends have stories of kids spending money in the apps stores on their phones, now with Kids Corner that will not be possible. Not to mention all the apps I can find deals locally on and have them show up straight to my home page live tiles.Nokia regularly have apps that are free only to their phones. You can use the phone wearing gloves so you don't need to spend money on special conductive gloves in the winter. There's probably more that I have forgotten too.I am a huge fan of the Nokia Lumia 920Edit note: I have corrected a couple of auto correction spelling errors

I like the screen size. The camera/video takes very good pictures/videos. My husband and I are both using this phone and we use the family room feature a lot to share videos, pictures and planning our sons activities. I usually put my lumia on battery saving mode and the battery seems to last longer than my iPhone. I highly recommend this phone!UPDATE:I accidentally dropped the lumia on the floor once (table to the floor in Olive Garden) and my shopping tote accidentally dropped from my chair to the floor (might have been a few times)  while having the lumia in it ... I am not sure if that is the reason but when i picked up the lumia from my shopping tote from the last fall, the lumia has a blue and red lines that wouldn't go away. The phone is still performing the same but the red and blue lines would not go away ...

This is a great phone for your buck as compare to high end smartphone from apple, Samsung and blackberry, I will be buying a new smartphone and the release of this confuse me a little bit cause I decided to buy the Samsung galaxy s4, I did tried and tested this a week ago, the availability of Microsoft office suit, the GPS which I believe is pretty good comparable to my Magellan and garmin GPS. For GPS functionality alone you can save between 150 to 200 dollars by buying this phone, how about the availability of office suit wherein you can edit you document anyplace without going to your computer table or notebooks that is another 100 dollars savings, The camera feature is pretty good also. If this phone will cost you 450 dollars you deduct the saving from gps say 150 dollars plus say 50 dollars for the Microsoft office suit that is 200 dollars meaning you are only paying 250 dollars for LUMIA 920. I have magellan App's on my old iphone 3gs and it cost me $60.00, for nokia lumia the GPS is included for FREE, What is great about the NOKIA built in GPS is it is worldwide, my friend was able to use the nokia LUMIA GPS in ASIA. NOW I AM CONFUSE WILL DECIDE SOON WHETHER I WILL GET THIS ONE OR THE SAMSUNG GALAXY S4. I am a heavy user of Microsoft office suit and GPS for my daily routine. Since I have IPAD, IPHONE 3GS, I think I can have this phone so that I can access my word document anytime and in any places. I ever I decide to buy this phone I will use this together with my ipad and will maintain my old iphone for my other apps. The windows app's are not good enough and very few populars apps are available.

I recently picked up a Nokia Lumia 920... I'm extremely impressed. For me the choice was WP8 with the iPhone as a back-up if I didn't like this phone - I'm tired of Android, well at least Samsung's Android phones.The main things I considered before buying this phone was the camera and NFC - the latter more for work since we're playing around with NFC tags (so by default the iPhone wasn't included but I'd still prefer that over Android).The camera rocks and the filters are very cool. Nokia is still working on updating a few WP7 programs but I'm having a great time with the apps currently available.My wife, who has an iPhone, is constantly peeking at my Lumia as well as borrowing it to surf the web. While she likes the Lumia 920 and thinks it is a better phone overall she's still very happy that she has the iPhone due to the 4s' size - both the iPhone 5 and Lumia 920 are too tall for her. Additionally, the apps available for the iPhone, that she uses (medical related) aren't available for WP8 so I wouldn't dream of trying to convert her even if the Lumia was the right size for her.So all in all, I'm extremely happy with my decision to get the Lumia 920 and I'm already looking forward to the next Lumia flagship that includes a larger sensor in addition to the image stabilization :-) If you're looking for a phone that takes really good pictures then this is it.By the way, I guess it's worth mentioning a possible downside. I say possible before it's not a bad thing for some people but for me it is. I actually don't like the matte feel because it's slippery to me. I love the look of black matte. In fact as far as artwork goes the Lumia 920 is probably one of my favorite pieces but I probably will exchange it for the shiny white gloss Lumia. For whatever reason I have better grip when I hold the shiny gloss versions of the Lumia 920. Plus the white version looks even better in the 'high contrast mode' :-)Anyways I'm glad to see all the positive reviews for the Lumia 920. I'm happy we switched from Sprint to AT&T; - the early termination fees were worth it.UPDATE Feb. 16thI'm still really happy about my purchase. I love my phone. Just wanted to add that the customer service from Nokia is amazing. The grip on my phone was something that I worried about. Nokia ended up sending me a really great case to help with the grip that also does a great job of protecting the phone. Needless to say I was extremely impressed with their commitment to their phones and providing a great customer experience as well as the speed in which they responded. So just wanted to add my two cents - you're not only getting an amazing phone but you're also getting a great customer service experience from Nokia as well.

Lumia 920 is much heavier and thick than comparable phones on the market (Galaxy 3G, iPhone 5, even HTC's WP8 phones). Windows Phone 8 still needs more work. There is really no reason to select this phone from the numerous choices on the market.

I fall in love with my black Nokia Lumia 920. It's fast, easy, beautiful, and very strong. I used to have all kind of models of Nokia (3310, 6600, E71, ... etc.) and last one was N8 it was really slow after I used it for more than a year. When I take out my 920 I don't think that I'm gonna be embarrassed. Because whatever I did on my N8 it took me couple or less than a second to do on my Nokia Lumia 920. Love everything in it, except battery sometime acting crazy, but it's all understandable with LCD screen, LTE and couple features that draw battery faster. One more flaw is in OS, it seemed to me a little limited from customization and of course lack of notification center.Overall great smartphone with perfect design, and rich history. However, the OS needs an improvement in areas that I listed above.

I fell in love with this phone when my friend bought it and showed it to me. I tried to make a photo at night and it was really good. Everything worked smoothly and seamlessly. WP8 works fantastic. And now I am waiting for my own (expected tomorrow).

Think twice about buying one.  I did a lot of research and still got stuck with what I consider to be a poor product.  It looks great, has a nice camera and display, and the Nokia apps are nice, for the most part.  However, that means nothing if you have to turn off just about everything to keep the battery alive, or when it randomly crashes on a regular basis.  I'm 17 days in now, and I have nothing but regret about this purchase.Wait a minute, are you looking for a Lumia 920?  Forget what I said, would you be interested in buying mine?

While most critiques about the Lumia 920 keep talking ad nauseum about the size, weight and lack of apps, I wonder how many of these reviewers are actually spending time with the phone to see how it adds value in everyday situations. For example, I use my phone primarily to find my way around town, and for listening to a lot of music. I think the Lumia 920 is the most high quality and gorgeous looking mobile device ever made, and I actually love the size and weight -- it's a joy to hold and use. That said, I found the Windows Phone 8 OS lacking in features I've so far taken for granted on other phones. For me, the following inadequacies mar what could otherwise be a great phone,1) Nokia Maps needs to have more data and be more polymorphic. I could type the name of a place in the "To:" field in Google Maps, and it will most likely find the place and give me directions. This is not the case on the Windows Phone. For example, in San Francisco, try typing "The Sycamore" (a popular bar in the Mission District).2) Nokia Maps mustn't be a world unto itself. When I click on an address in an E-mail, I'm not sure why it opens in "Windows Maps". This is far inferior to Nokia Maps (it has no public transit directions), and I have no way of changing the default application to open addresses.3) Nokia Maps and Transit must be consolidated -- accessing two different apps to find directions makes no sense at all.4) Nokia Maps (or Navigator) must provide an option to access alternate routes. We're given only one route for driving (or walking) but I'm sure a lot of the time, the user wants to use an alternate freeway (or road).5) Xbox Music is very unimpressive as a native music player. There's no way to rewind/forward elegantly (a slider here would be great, I can't go back to holding down buttons!). The Nokia Music app doesn't even have rewind/forward capability.6) Given that the Lumia has a gorgeous big screen, it's a pity that I can't see my album art in full screen -- in the player, or when my screen is locked. Apparently the album art only loads on the lock screen if you buy the songs from XBox music. It doesn't work even if you update the album art in Windows Media player.7) The music streaming options are very limited for the Windows Phone 8. SkyMusic and SkyDrive are quite lacking when compared to Amazon Cloud player or Google Play. SkyDrive doesn't even run as a background app, and stops playing music when you go back to the home screen!

I'm a big Windows Phone fan.  I bought a Focus on the day it came out (and was the only non Microsoft employee in the store buying one).  I later moved up to a Lumia 900, which was even better.  When Windows Phone 8 and the Lumia 920 were announced, I had made up my mind that THIS was the next phone I was getting.When I got my first Windows Phone I liked the hardware but thought the device had a lot of promise, but that there was a lot of stuff that had gotten dropped on the software side because they simply ran out of time.  Unfortunately, with the cutover to the new kernel, I find myself feeling the same way again with Windows Phone 8.The Good:On the hardware side, the Lumia 920 is fantastic.  Build quality is very good, and the phone feels like a high quality product.  It feels very solid, and while it did initially feel a bit heavier than my Lumia 900, it's honestly not an issue.  I haven't gotten my wireless charging plate from AT&T; yet, it's still on back order, but I'm excited about that as well.The screen looks fantastic, everything looks much sharper than the older screens.  I'm not sure what the OS is doing to scale older applications, but it looks great.  The camera is also quite good, the image stabilization on videos looks great, and it performs quite well in low light.The changes to the live tile setup are actually more useful than I had thought they would be.  For the most part, the smaller sized live tiles work exactly like the larger versions, get updated properly with status information (number of new emails, etc) and really do give you a lot more flexibility in terms of arranging the home screen.I was a little worried that the change from Bing to Nokia maps would be a bit awkward, as I particularly enjoyed the Bing Maps routing based on the traffic.  Overall I've been impressed by the new maps apps, and drive has worked great for turn by turn navigation.There's a lot of other little tweaks here in there in the OS that fix some of the silly little annoyances I noticed about Windows Phone 7 (text selection is much easier now, you can multi-delete text message threads, etc).The Meh:Honestly, other than the start screen changes, most of the major OS changes on the phone seem to be behind the scenes.  Other than the hardware differences and the start screen, my day to day Windows Phone experience really hasn't changed substantially with the upgrade.The new features that do exist seem like they really weren't usability/focus tested with real world use cases.  Kids corner is a great idea, that I haven't seen elsewhere.  Unfortunately, if you put a password on your phone to unlock it, it also password locks kids corner as well, with no way to disable that behavior.  Maybe that made sense to someone, but it's left a lot of the rest of us scratching our heads.It's still early, but there's not really much in the way of apps taking advantage of the new features that did make it into this release.  THere's also a number of Windows Phone 7 apps that simply don't appear in the store if you're running Windows Phone 8 because they aren't compatible (including ones I've purchased).  Presumably both of these will go away over time, but for people buying now, it's an issue.The "app gap" between Windows Phone and other platforms is starting to close, but there's still some high profile apps that don't exist here.  I can do most of what I'm interested in, but this is going to be especially noticeable for smaller services/companies.  Your local minor league baseball team may have iOS & Android apps, but they probably are not working on a Windows Phone version for example.  Microsoft has recognized this and seems to be working hard to stir up interest (and also throwing money at developers to port), but still an issue, especially for people jumping platforms.The Bad:With Windows Phone 8, Microsoft got rid of the Zune software to sync with your PC in favor of exposing the folders to your PC via drag and drop.  When you connect the phone to your PC, there's folders for Music, Documents, Videos, Ringtones, etc than you can drop files into to transfer them to your phone.  This is actually a good thing if you're a person who wants to drag and drop files to/from your phone, but that is not in any way how I want to interact with a device.They released a Windows 8 app and a desktop app for Windows 7/8 to "sync" content to your phone from your Windows libraries or in the case of the desktop software, from iTunes.  Unfortunately, these apps are very bare bones, and the desktop app crashes for me almost every time I try and sync music from iTunes.  Microsoft provided no migration path for existing users using the Zune software to start syncing with Windows Phone 8, and strangely, for the "best" experience in terms of syncing your phone, it appears you should be using iTunes.  And when the desktop app does actually work, it's not an actual "sync" at all, in terms of syncing up things like podcast positions, etc. between the phone and the PC, it's just a straight copy.  In a lot of cases, album art isn't being copied down to the phone either.The entire Windows Phone 8 sync process has been a huge source of pain for people on various forums, with people ending up finding terrible workarounds to this setup.  There's currently just no way to fill the gap left behind by moving away from the Zune software.  I've got a fancy new phone with tons of space, and no easy way to fill it up with my content, drag and drop just really is not how I want to manage music in 2012.Getting rid of the Zune software also means no more sync over wifi, which was really one of the better Zune features.The Xbox Music Pass, and in particular the "cloud" features seem somewhat buggy as well, with things randomly working/not working.  Same goes for purchases in the video store, although I'm not sure if those are supposed to work on Windows Phone 8 or not.Overall:Hardware wise, the 920 is fantastic, I have zero complaints, it's a huge step up from the last generation of Windows Phones.Unfortunately, software wise it really seems like we're in a similar situation to the 7.0 release, where things look promising, but most of the really interesting stuff isn't there.  For Windows Phone 7, it was because they started from scratch.  In Windows Phone 8, it seems to be due to the time required to get everything up and running on the new kernel.  I'm hoping the new kernel and technology stack allow for more frequent OS updates, and there's a "Mango" style update in the hopper already.Hopefully the sync software gets better, and Microsoft can fill in the gaps to match an experience similar to the one the Zune software provided, because this really isn't enjoyable at all, and the features aimed at having everything content wise in the cloud are buggy at best, and broken at worst.UPDATE 3/6/2013:I've had the phone for about 4 months now, and honestly, not much has changed.Sync apps have gotten more stable, but none of the feature gaps between WP7/Zune and WP8 have been addressed at all.  People I've talked to privately at Microsoft have expressed unhappiness with the current music/video/podcast experience on WP8, but so far we really haven't seen any major effort to fix it.  Xbox video is STILL incompatible with WP8.  Xbox Music is still a mess.WP8 is getting more apps, although honestly I attribute that more to Nokia than anything that Microsoft has done.  We still are missing a number of high profile apps from other platforms, and many others lag behind other platforms in terms of features, etc.  I also haven't seen much in the way of apps utilizing any features specific to WP8, such as the wallet, etc.The speed of updates for WP8 hasn't really changed much from WP7.  We got Portico, which fixed some bugs and added a few features, but Microsoft has been largely silent on any future plans.  Hopefully we don't end up waiting until Holiday 2013 for the next big update.  To their credit, Nokia has been responsive, and been fixing/updating their apps frequently.  It seems like in general, they're a lot more excited about the platform than Microsoft is.

Bought this phone directly from ATT last week as they were offering the wireless charging plate along with it.  Compared to my husband's SIII this device is definitely a bit more hefty (I just had to find something to complain about). But in all seriousness I love this phone. The call quality is great and the camera is just Amazing. Now it did take a bit to get used to the tiles and overall navigation but now that I have used it for a few days, I think it provides more of a richer user experience than Android. The Nokia Maps that can be used offline for navigation purposes are a plus. As a mom I also really like the kid zone feature as it helps control what my kids can access when I allow them to play games on the phone. Did I mention I am able to charge my phone wirelessly. Even though the build quality is great; I would highly recommend getting a case and a screen protector especially if you have kids that love to play with your devices and accidentally drop em. Wish I had purchased them while at the store but I did not get them as I thought the accessories offered were plainly overpriced and there was not much to choose from. Anyways have ordered a screen protector through Amazon (was def less expensive than  the ones being offered at the store, will most probably receive it sometime tomorrow...will share if it is worth the buy). Now with regards to a case, am still looking for one as I am yet to find one that I really like (open to suggestions)

Lucky to have picked up a Lumia 920!!!!  First, the screen is just AWESOME, super sensitive and clear even in sunlight.  It's buttery smooth and transitions are fast.  Everything just looks stunning on this screen.  The camera just blows any other smartphone out there.  Having owned an iphone 5 and many android phones, the lumia 920 beats them all in every way.  With image stabilization it takes amazing video and photos even in low light.  No other camera compares!  Nokia maps, city drive, dolby sound with equalizer for the music fans, and especially social integration all work seamlessly.  The os is truly a pleasure to use.  Integration with office 365 works seamlessly.  With the high level build quality , definitely outscores all of these cheaply built smartphones. Apps....well there are plenty of USEFUL ones in the store and it's growing.  I was skeptical about the weight...is it heavy...NO it feels solid in the hand and weight is not noticeable in the pocket.  The battery is on par if not better than the other phones I've owned.  With 3 exchange accounts plus a gmail account synced, watching some youtube videos, surfing the web and normal calling and texting it EASILY gets you through more than a day with medium brightness and no power saving features turned on.  I would recommend this phone over any other superphone out there!

I went with WP8 and the Nokia 920 after having iPhones 3 and 4. I like the current universal Windows interface Microsoft is adopting across devices. The WP8 OS is still a bit rough in places - in the same way that the iPhone didn't start out with having any sort of folder/group concept for organizing apps.The phone is a great phone - I agree with the other reviewers about call quality, etc. I use it with a Bluetooth headset and I can say that this is the first phone/headset combo that has been consistently satisfactory for both myself and those with whom I'm speaking. (The headset is the LG HBS-730 - I would give it 5 stars as well.)The one complaint I have about the phone is that it doesn't seem to support standard pause/wait codes when dialing (so you can't program in a complete string of digits to connect you to a conference call). I am sure they will get there, the iphone didn't have it when I switched over from my blackberry, and it irritated me then too.Returning to the phone - beyond it being a solid phone the notable pros for me:1) Great camera - they need to smooth out the way plug-in "lenses" are handled, but in general it takes very high quality photos. I can only imagine what the 1020 will do, but I am not a huge photo guy, for me it is a suitable replacement for a dedicated digital camera other than its lack of true zoom.2) Well-integrated with Microsoft everything - I use Outlook & Exchange for email, contacts, etc; I use Skydrive for document storage; I have an Xbox; I use Office for productivity apps. The phone is a very good extension of all of those systems. It all just works.3) Windows Phone 8 OS - this is somewhat part of #2, but I really do like the OS overall. As mentioned, it does need a few additions.4) Bing integration - the Bing search integration is great. You can Bing translate trivially with the camera, the basic Bing search also has Shazam-like song detection right there (no need for another app) and likewise handles QR and barcodes automatically.5) Built-in inductive charging. Plugging in a phone is sort of a bother. I have an inductive charging stand on my desk. Makes it easier to keep the phone charged, which is good, because if you want to run a screen this size at high brightness (which is perfectly readable in even the brightest sunlight), it does kind of chew through the battery.There is also no real need to ever plug the phone in for synching - I have found everything can be done wirelessly.6) The screen - easy to take for granted now that I've had it a while, but it is very good, and being in Minnesota, I know I will appreciate the ability to use the touchscreen with gloves.About the apps - yes, it will ne nice to see the app ecosystem grow, but in the same way that megapixel don't tell the whole story of the camera, I don't think app counts alone tell the story. One thing is that as mentioned earlier, some apps are made unnecessary by built-in functionality; make sure you look at the built-in functionality first before you clutter up your phone with an unneeded app.There are admittedly some notable missing items write now, but with the exception of Amazon Cloud Player most of what I personally use is available on the phone. I am a 40-something tech/business guy I'm not doing anything with (e.g.) Instagram. The Flickr app works fine although hasn't been updated to the WP8 UI look and feel. When I flip through the apps on my last iPhone and consider whether the functionality is covered between with the OS or available apps, I am fairly happy. There's a Delta app, LastPass, Evernote (although I use OneNote more than Evernote), Fandango. My main financial institution has a solid app for it. And obviously I didn't need to buy a special app to view Office documents.While I am not a big social network person at all, the way they have integrated LinkedIn and Facebook is quite nice.I could go on, but in general this has been a great phone for me. It is good-sized though. When I pick up an iphone now it feels tiny - and almost dainty. The 920 does have a very solid feel to it, and although it has had a couple of drops, the case and screen are completely unblemished after two or three months of use now.

This phone is the best phone I have ever owned. Great design, sound quality, very fast, the camera is great and the display is beautiful. I was a little worried by other reviewers claiming that the phone was too heavy. The phone is a little heavy but remains comfortable. The extra weight gives the phone a solid quality feel. As far as Phone 8 goes. The interface is simple, sleek and incredibly fast. Less apps yes but I the ones I really use are available. Buy it!!!

This is a great phone that has all the storage I need.  The camera is excellent, I have some great shots.  The Windows Phone OS is very fast and quite smooth - dual core CPU is fine.  Since the OS is well written, it doesn't need the CPU horsepower that Android requires.  Also, I rarely need to reboot because an app hangs (maybe once ever 4-6 weeks).Nokia is constantly updating it own apps and features,  I probably would not be as happy if I had a HTC or a Samsung, since they do not support this OS as well as Nokia.  Of course it does not have every app ever made, but all the important ones I need are here.  I expect more apps over the next few months as the unit sales continue to rise.

I have an Iphone 4, so ill be comparing everything in this to that.ProsFASTcleaaar!smoooOOoth!beautiful low light pictures!!intuitive!You can attach your numnbers to facebook friends = awesome feature!!pretty sure theres more im still finding new stuff out about it!the phone feels GREAT. crisp quality all over.STURDY! I dropped it pretty hard on the edge really hard on the wet asphalt the first day i got it. it still looks flawless, only a tiny chip that you cant even noticeConsbig screen, kinda have to stretch my finger around a bit might take some practice getting used to.emoji apps on iphone are better than the built in pics, but maybe there are apps for more picsSo ya, this phone is awesome.

This phone and the system gives the ability of getting things done with the native support of Microsoft Office applications. The appstore actually gives the minimal set of applications one would need - enough for work, travel, and descent social live. I also like the personal look of the "desktop" with the "tiles" I can set up myself. E-mail is great and strict, allowing to focus on reading the text. Nokia native application are also useful, with additional map and music services. AT&T added more apps, but I don't really want to spend any extra dollars on them. Amazon has full support with kindle and store applications. System looks stable and dependable, with nice navigation utilizing the "BACK" button. Nice phone and great look, and you feel that it is actually yours with the variety of personalization options.

Ok so if you are reading this you have decided on a windows phone.  So I will not go into that kettle of fish.The two phones I ordered direct from Amazon as the seller came quickly and in perfect condition.  I hate being on contracts so I wanted to be able to change carriers at will.The phones were easy to setup.  Before going over to ATT to get the micro sim cards I charged them up and joined them to my wifi network.  Software updates from Microsoft and Nokia were installed just fine.  I did it this way so I could be in and out of the ATT store quick.....and it worked.We are both very pleased with 920.  Screen resolution is wonderful and sound quality is superb.

This is the best phone I've ever had. I love this phone, could not put it down since I got it (3 days now). Everything is great about this phone, great operating system, great build quality. There are maybe few apps that are missing (and they are going to be there before you know it) but I was just sick and tired of iPhone (used to have 3GS and iPhone 4). Did not want to get the same phone for the next 2 years. My wife however first decided to get a new iPhone but after spending some time with this Nokia she was sold right away and decided to get this phone instead even knowing that there is a restocking fee.Don't pay any attention to all these stupid reviews stating this phone being too big and/or too heavy. The people who write them all use Apple products (it's a fact) and thus their opinions are highly subjective. So go to a store and take a look at this phone. You will not regret this, I promise!

I am on day 4 of this phone and I love it!  I researched it for 2 weeks prior to getting it, and the thing that worried me most was the reviews on the battery.  On the first day I had it, it lasted 6 hours, which I expected, due to it being in the box for who knows how long.  I charged it, after letting it go completely dead and got a good 16 hours out of it the next day. The third day 24 hours, and today I have 72% battery life with having charged it 15 hours ago.  I have been streaming music and surfing the internet.  I chose this phone over the iphone.UPDATE:Had this phone for maybe 6 months, took amazing care of it, as I do all phones I own.  This phone dropped twice, both times were just from a couple feet.  The first time it dropped I had to do a soft reset to get it to come back.  The second time it dropped, the phone stopped working. I know, I know, I dropped it, my fault, yes, I get it, however, to have two minor drops and stop working is complete garbage in my book!  Also, the battery was pretty decent the first month, but by the time of the phone's demise, I was having to charge it twice a day, and I rarely talk on this phone. I now regret choosing this phone over the iphone.  I know a lot of people who have put their iphones through the ringer and their phones look gnarly, but they are still working.2nd Update, I'm changing my stars to 4, the battery in my first phone was the real problem and att's warranty department took care of it. When I did a hard reset of my phone, the battery got so hot and it melted the sim card and that is what caused the phone to die. I'm on my new phone now and the battery works just fine. I also have a case for this phone. I do think though, that the iphone still might be a lot more durable, but I love how this phone operates.

I will try to keep this short, I found that this phone (and all Win8 Phones) do not support Bluetooth keyboards.  I wanted to have a mini keyboard to use this to type some notes, as it has Office and OneNote.  Both Nokia and AT&T; hide this little known fact that all keyboards are not supported with Bluetooth, as Microsoft deemed it not important I suppose.  I talked with folks at Microsoft Store, and they told me that users are just suppose to browse or touch up documents, not really create new content on the phone.There are numerous other problems (I'm sure cited by other users), and the many applications one would expect to be commonplace, either don't exist or have really flawed implementations, such as having a lot of UX design flaws and huge missing functionality.  The list is so huge, I could write a book.  One that stood out is using e-mail:  You have to configure a new  application per email (yahoo, gmail, etc.) and so it isn't integrated into one app.  Additionally, you can ONLY have one application per type of account, so if you had two Yahoo accounts (one for spam, one for friends, etc.) then you can only choose one of them.  Thus the Yahoo email app only works with one Yahoo account.  And I should also note that the Yahoo sync is dysfunctional, it gets email sometime, and it cannot sync past emails.So while other systems allow you to browse all your e-mail through a single application, Microsoft forces you to use a single application per e-mail account, and only one of the same account.  Essentially, Microsoft violates the path of least surprise (using what we know to work well), has poor implementation with major gaps that lack functionality, and poor user interface and experience to boot across the board, especially in e-mail.Combine this the fact that you cannot use bluetooth keyboards (or other HID devices like joysticks) despite advertising bluetooth is support (and how they all sort of hide the fact from users), this leaves a very distasteful experience...

I have owned a smart phone of some sort for a very long time, primarily as a function of my job.  I began in 2001 holding and using a Blackberry (I believe a 7xxx at the time?)  And migrated through the Blackberries.  At a certain point, though, things changed and the iPhone became my primary smart phones.  I owned the iPhone 3GS/4/4S.  When the 5 came out, I had hold of it on release day.. and was immediately let down.  Longer, not wider didn't provide me the features that I was looking for, and it appeared obvious to me that Apple had lost the thread of real innovation.I played with the Samsung Galaxy S3, and frankly, was impressed.  The screen was nice, the layout was nice.  But some of the key functionality within the Galaxy S3 struck me as lacking just the key comforts.. and, frankly the Galaxy S3 build quality seemed to come across to me as "cheap" despite the high price.  It just didn't have the finish, the camera shots weren't what I was after.Being willing to experiment with multiple phones, I had my eye on giving Windows Phone 8 a try with the Nokia 920.  I've had the 920 a couple of days, and I have to say I've rarely used a phone that made as much quick sense as the Nokia 920.  Let me go over the pros:* Live Tiles are a more efficient layout method compared to either iPhone or Android.  Frankly, the instant live rolling track system that for me monitors email and updates (twitter/facebook) is both sensible and fast.  You will never flip through pages on your phone to find what you're looking for, and pinning items to your front screen just makes sense.* SkyDrive integration is a MAJOR benefit.  One of the greatest qualms I had about the iPhone as well as the Android was the way my pictures came off once I had taken them.  Seemingly saved in high compression JPEGs, or exportable off the phone in a compressed format (photostream or email or whatever) the Nokia 920's ability to save high quality shots straight to your online Skydrive . I had no problem getting full quality high resolution images that look stunning and absolutely put what I was getting on the 4S and Galaxy to complete shame.  But Skydrive's other big benefit is the easy integration into your Windows PCs (7 and 8).  I've long used DropBox and Box, but SkyDrive's unifying factor across your Windows platforms really gives you an unbelievable level of access to your home PCs when you're on the road.* Key functional apps are better on Windows platform.. and that's not a joke.  I'm not a huge app person.. and I recognize that the Windows8 App Store is growing (quickly) but it's still significantly smaller.  That said, several of the apps I use on a daily basis are improved from their Android and iPhone counterparts..  Audible for WP8 is THE best offering in a mobile environment of Audible, period.  It's clean design and easy to use layout really works incredibly well.* Contact integration of multiple sources (LinkedIn, Facebook, etc.) is so smooth that you'll be surprised how fast you're up and going.* File Format Support:  Yes, I could do this with Android as well (kind of) but being able to quickly drag .AVI, .MP4, .WMV files onto my Nokia 920 and have them playable on the phone quickly?  Fantastic stuff....  I've always recoded several in the past, but really nice to not have to break out mediacoder to get it into a compliant MP4.* This has one of the best looking screens I have ever seen on the phone; text is bright and easy to read, video and picture quality is also fantastic.  Even in sunlight, this phone remains incredibly easy to read and use.  I can't explain what a big bonus this is in comparison to a lot of the alternatives.There are some negatives:The Syncronization tool is in beta, and it's pretty rudimentary.  You're better off just dragging and dropping your stuff onto your phone or using Windows Media Player (yeah, I know).  I'm looking for a better synchronization tool, but reportedly MS is coming out with one soon.The App Store is growing.. but a lot of the key apps you may be used to aren't there yet.  Spotify has said Q1/2013.  Pandora is also a Q1/2013.  So, if you're an early adopter, you're going to wait a month or so for several big name apps to happen.  That having been said, since most of my big apps were there (Bank of America, Audible, a Tapatalk reader) are available now, I'm willing to invest and buy in.  Yes, you'll find Angry Birds and Fruit Ninja etc.  :)Many peripherals I'm waiting on will take a bit.. ATT is giving away a free wireless charger, but odds are you're going to have to wait for yours to get delivered.All said, if you're looking to do something different, to break with the herd, this is the phone to grab.  Fantastic screen, very fast LTE performance, great built in browser, and the extras that come with it are great.  I didn't even mention the Nokia exclusives (Nokia Maps, etc.) which really help make this the best bang for the buck smartphone on the market.  Period.

I notice that several of the reviews on here have more than adequately described the specifics of the phone.  I am so pleased with mine that I just had to come on here and say how great I think it is and also because writing this was the only way I could give it 5 stars.  I noticed on the internet a few comments about the weight of the phone.  I think it's perfect--it is heavy but that gives the impression of being solidly built whereas I thought the Galaxy S3 seemed a bit "flimsy" and "plasticky".  I do have one tiny improvement I think Microsoft could make with relative ease.  Give me back the speed dial--a feature I've always loved.  Other than that, best phone I ever had!!

The Lumia 920 is the first smartphone that I have owned with a touchscreen that does not aggravate me.  It responds wonderfully to every touch.  I am constantly surprised how responsive it is.  Works with gloves, can download almost any location's map for navigation.Windows Phone works very well.  I am a former android user, and love many settings.  But I do not like freezes and not responding apps.  This phone has every setting that I have looked for, so far.  None of the Lumias have experienced lag or freezes.The wireless charging is a great feature!!!The camera is terrific, and City Lens is terrific.The phone is a little heavier than most phones, but its weight seems justified by the obvious build quality and rich suite of features.I switched from Verizon to AT&T.;  I added a Lumia 822 to my Verizon account, but after being told that my unlimited phone would not be affected, Verizon cancelled my unlimited plan upon activation.  So I switched, then Verizon suddenly said it was all a mistake and my unlimited would remain.  My point, Verizon customer service is horrible and the 822 is also an excellent phone. I was quite happy to try his/hers 920's and stay with AT&T;.

I'll keep this short.  I went from using a Blackberry, to using an HTC Windows Phone, and now to the Lumia 920.  As other reviewers have said, it is an excellent phone.  The build quality is superb, the screen awesome, and the camera simply rocks.  I could go on and on.  I'd recommend trying it out and seeing if it's a good fit you.

This is handds down the best phone I have ever used! I have used the iPhone4, 4s, Moto Droid, Galazy SII and a number of other Androids as well..Skydrive and Office integration (With real time sync and auto upload with sharing capability) is a must have.Camera and Pixel Density is better then any phone on the market currently, yes even iPhone.App market is roaring to life with tons of new apps daily (Words with friends and Draw something just released)Nokia GPS Voice guided navigation is bar none! No robotic voices or data reliant map navigation as maps are downloaded state by state that you choose.Gorilla Glass 2 means no scratched on the glass!Wireless charging, I never realized just how useful and cool this is, it is more then a novelty.Nokia app exclusives like Panorama, City Lens, Smart Shoot, Cinemagraph to name a few and there is Bing vision too.Xbox integration with smart glass (control my xbox and content with the phone)Movies via xbox marketplace (Like iTunes)Xbox music blows rhapsody away as its available on ALL my deivces (PC, Xbox, Tablet, and Windows Phone)NFC Tap + Send - send photos and info with a tap to another NFC phoneDo some serious research on this phone - its a powerhouse!I could go on and on - Love this Phone! (battery life is good to, after it settles in for a few full cahrge cycles)

I don't think there is a better value cell phone out there.  I paid $100 with contract, plus the charging plate was free.  After seeing co-workers with their otter boxed iphones, I will stick with my 920.  The operating system is great, super smooth, and fast.  My phone browses the internet quicker than my new laptop, thus I use my phone more.  GPS with maps is a great feature and is nice to have when living in a region where cell service can be non-existent.  Many have complained about the size and weight, but I prefer it.  The larger screen makes business emails much easier to type, and the overall larger size/weight is a plus for working in a rugged environment.  An otter box is a must on an iphone in my business, otherwise the screen will will not last.  I don't worry about that with the 920, but do plan on adding a screen protector and thin case merely to keep the phone free of dirt.

Lumia 920 is the best phone I have ever had. The camera is fantastic. You can throw the mobile and in dosent break

I'm so happy of this Phone. Camera is amazing, UI is super smooth and I love the wireless charging, I have charging pads on office desk and night stand. I never have to worry about charging anymore. Display is super bright, sharp, responsive and big! Also plenty of apps available. Nothing bad to say about this phone!

Excellent phone! Would recommended to everyone! So happy with it!!!Worth every minute of waiting! Thanks Nokia and MSFT!Excellent apps, connection, good battery life and it looks INCREDIBLE!!!Just its camera and maps makes it the phone of the year!

Nokia is back with superior hardware and equipped with the best OS, Windows Phone 8. Call me optimistic but WP8 will dominate the market in the next few years. If that won't happen, well, I'll still be a happy owner of this wonderful device!

Like many out there considering making a switch, I was hesitant about WP. I had an android phone and carried an iPad. I was happy with both platform and Windows seemed risky. Still, the clean design was appealing to me and I had been a fan of Windows Mobile in the past - going back to the original Palm-sized PC. I first made the switch with a Lumia 900 and the 920 improves on the experience.If your favorite thing about your phone is Instagram and Pandora, this is probably not for you. In my opinion, WP is the best mobile plaform out right now, but until it sells better, it will not be at the top of the list for developer attention. If you MUST have specific apps, check the app store and see if they are available. Be aware, there are lots of great alternative apps when very popular apps are missing that are also worth a look. But if all your friends are on instagram, that probably doesnt matter to you.The Lumia 920 has the best camera you will find on a cell phone right now. It works great in low light and video is smooth thanks to PureView. You have the ability to focus at very close range (macro) as well. The only thing I would wish for is more zoom, but lets not get greedy.Where this phone and WP in general shines is in the core functions. Email, web browsing, camera, navigation, messaging, are all top notch. Its even top of the class when it comes to making phone calls. The People Hub, as other's have mentioned is like nothing any other platform has to offer. From the people hub you can do things a normal contact app can do, plus see a feed of content from your facebook, twitter, linked-in and other networks. Like and comment facebook posts and retweet something all from a single unified feed. Select a contact and see a history of all your interaction with that person and all their recent social medai posts.Windows Phone puts more information at your fingertips. Nokia matches the platform to cutting edge, well-built, beautiful and durable hardware.

I upgraded from the iPhone 4S to the Lumia 920 six days ago. I've been blown away by Nokia's software and hardware innovation. I'll try and hit 5 high points of making the switch:1) Best smartphone camera, hands down. Nokia's proprietary Pureview technology and Carl Zeiss lens come together to take stunning photos, especially in low-light / no-light situations.2) Nokia-exclusive apps. Nokia Drive is the best turn-by-turn GPS out there. Nokia Music allows me to save the latest hits for Offline play. Nokia CityLens is really cool, I only have to point in a particular direction and it tells me which shops and restaurants are down that way.3) Super-sensitive Touchscreen. It's cold where I live, but that doesn't mean I need to take my gloves off to use this phone.4) Crisp, gorgeous 4.5" HD display. Nokia cites the 920's display as being the fastest on the market, and I believe it.5) Live Tiles! Everything (weather, photos, notifications) updates in real time and shows up on the home screen tiles. I also like how I can have the phone pick photos automatically for the lock screen -- from the Facebook albums I authorize.

Despite some shortcomings I'm really happy that I decided to buy the Lumia. I found a way around most negatives and I haven't found a better phone yet. Overall, what impressed me the most is what I didn't find: annoying bugs in the operating system. There are really very few. Windows Phone 8 seems much more stable and mature than my husband's Android phone or my Android tablet. (I refuse to use Apple because they use too many proprietary things and don't "play well" with other systems, so I can't really compare it to iOS).Here is what I found(I explain the "why" in more detail below):1) Really great:- Fully functional offline GPS with free worldwide maps (works also on my Europe vacation, w/o insane data charges or even a SIM card)2) Pretty good:- Physical button for camera and video- Build and quality (no need for a protective case)- Voice recognition (works even with an accent)- Playing Nokia Music via Bluetooth connection on the stereo (very stable BT compared to HTC Android))- Stable hotspot connection (creates a very stable local WIFI compared to HTC Android)- Live tiles- Standard charging cables (can use the same cable for multiple devices)3) Neat little functions- Song recognition- Visual voice mail4) Sufficient:- App store- Media transfer5) Bad:- No wireless offline sync for Outlook (only via skydrive or 3rd party product)- Notes are saved to Skydrive without user consent- No Micro SD card- No texting from PC- No HDMI or video output (only DLNA, which most TVs don't have yet)- Playlist management- Only one volume setting for ring tone and everything elseHere is why:1) Really great:- Offline GPS:Nokia Lumias are the only phones with real (offline) GPS and free worldwide maps. All other phones (iPhone, Samsung) only have "online GPS" - meaning they require an Internet connection. Lumia connects directly to satellite, just like a Garmin (instead o cell towers like other phones). Why is that important to me? I travel frequently to foreign countries where data charges are insane. For calls and texts I buy cheap pre-paid local SIM cards and use an old unlocked phone. I can still use my Lumia GPS though because it works without a SIM card or internet connection. Just like a Garmin it also shows information about nearby restaurants, shopping and points of interest.2) Pretty good:- Physical button for camera & video:My phone has become my main picture taking & video recording device. The Nokia Lumia has a physical camera button that I very much appreciate. I can grab my phone, press the  button at the side and the camera is ready to shoot. The physical button just works faster for me and it also seems to be easier to explain "press here" to some stranger who I ask to take a photo of me with my camera. The phone really takes great low-light pictures. I can take pictures w/o disturbing everyone with a flash. The Lumia does need better zoom capabilities though. It gets kind of blurry when I zoom in. I do regret that I didn't wait for the 42MP Lumia that will come out later this year.- Build and quality:That's where Nokia traditionally shines. There are several videos on YouTube that show how indestructible this phone is. I haven't tried it but apparently you can use it to hammer in a nail (with the screen side), drop it or drive a car over it and it still works. There is no need to buy a protective case for this one. The color goes "all through" the polycarbonate body (I'm sure there is a better technical term for that). It's not just a layer on the surface. So if it does get scratched (which is pretty difficult to do) then those scratches are hardly visible. Yes, the phone could be a little lighter but that doesn't bother me too much. Even though I'm a "business kind of person" I decided to go with a yellow one. A splash of color looks great with my otherwise mostly neutral business clothes and devices. Screen is awesome and very sensitive to touch.- Voice recognition:It's fairly standard for modern smart phones that you can dictate text instead of typing it. I happen to have a German accent though and most voice recognition softwares can't deal with that. The Nokia Lumia gets 99% of what I'm saying right. I've never had such an easy time dictating before.- Playing Nokia Music via Bluetooth on the stereo speakers:With the Lumia 920 you get free music mixes from Nokia. I don't have the time to build a music collection and put playlists together. So I'm always lacking nice background music when we have guests or when we're just sitting out on the deck on a nice summer evening. We bought a cheap Bluetooth receiver to plug into our stereo so that we can select and play music right from our phone. Setup was just plug and play. We tried the same with my husbands iPhone 3 and Android HTC Inspire but the music came out very choppy. The Lumia has a much more stable connection and great sound. I just pick a music mix from Nokia music that fits the mood or I pick individual songs from my collection. Our speakers are in the living room but I can change the music from my phone when I'm in the kitchen or the deck outside.- Stable hotspot connection:The Lumia works very well as a hotspot. It connects my laptop wirelessly to the Internet when I travel. Most smartphones can do this but the connection through the Lumia is really good compared with my husband's HTC Inspire.- Live tiles:The tiles are much more than just shortcuts to apps. You can pin about everything to the start screen: music mixes, stock prices, photos, videos, websites, contacts and apps of course. I especially love the tiles for stock positions that I hold. I can just glance at my phone to see the latest stock price w/o having to open an app. Then there are those things that I use often: "people tiles" for my husband and best friend to tap on and call, shortcuts to websites, apps like an egg-timer, the latest CNN news headlines etc. Then I have a tile with rotating wedding pictures(just because they make me happy when I glance at them during the day). It's highly customizable.- Standard charging cables:I have a habit of forgetting my phone charging cable whenever I travel somewhere. In the past I've spend a lot of money on replacement cables because my phone required a model & manufacturer specific cable. The Lumia 920 uses a standard mini USB cable and power plug for charging. They are dirt cheap on Amazon and many other devices use the same cable. I can now use the same cable for my Kindle, my phone and my Android tablet. That cuts down on replacement cost and the number of cables that I have to carry around when I travel.3) Some neat little functions:- Song recognition:The Lumia recognizes music for me. Ever hear that great song on the radio or TV and want to know what it is? With 2 tabs on the Lumia the device starts "listening for music". It then searches for the song in Xbox Music and shows me the title and artist.- Visual voice mail:Voice messages are listed on the phone with the name of caller and time of call. I like that I can delete them without going into my voice mail system. I don't even have to listen to them.4) Sufficient:- App store:I can get all the major apps that I need in the Windows App store. Unfortunately some online services (banks, online trading platforms etc) only offer Android and iOS versions of their apps. As long as they have a good generic mobile website that's not a problem since you can just pin the mobile website to your start screen and that is (almost) as good as an app. A few of the services I use have no mobile websites though.- Media transfer:When the Lumia is connected to a PC via USB then it shows up as an additional drive in the Windows explorer. You can move or copy from/to the drive just like to any other drive. Unfortunately it doesn't work over Bluetooth but it's sufficient for me (mostly I use it for moving  photos to my PC and for copying the occasional Word/Excel document to my phone. I can review it then while I'm sitting on a plane).5) Bad (some of it will hopefully be fixed with the upcoming Nokia Amber and Windows Blue updates):- No wireless offline sync for Outlook:With my old Nokia Symbian I was able to just sync my Outlook contacts and calendar via Bluetooth between my phone and PC. Unfortunately Microsoft followed the now popular "cloud" concept and everything needs to be stored on Skydrive to work. You can sync between PC and Skydrive and you can sync between phone and Skydrive. There is no direct sync between phone and PC without the Skydrive though. That concept has some advantages and many people like it that way. I'm not one of them. I do not want to have my personal data in the almighty cloud. I follow the principle of putting nothing on the Internet unless I'm ok with the whole wide world seeing it. I doubt that the FBI is interested in my calendar entries but it still bothers me that the "cloud" can be accessed by such organizations without a warrant. I want my personal data physically under my control and it really irks me that I'm not given the option. I worked around it by installing a 3rd party program ("Akruto Sync") that lets me sync my Outlook data over a WIFI network. It only works while I'm on my home network but so far that's been sufficient for me (it does have an Internet sync option but it's not easy to set up).- Notes are automatically saved to sky drive without the user's consent:I use Windows OneNote extensively on my PC so I was thrilled when it came pre-installed on my Lumia. Unfortunately notes are automatically saved to the sky drive, without the user even being aware of it. There is no setting to prevent that. That left me wondering what else is being transferred without my knowledge. After the initial setup I changed the password for my Microsoft account to some nonsense on my phone. That way the phone can't save anything to the Skydrive without my knowledge. There are plenty of nice free note apps in the Windows store and I installed one that I'm using instead. I wish I would be able to sync my notes to my PC though.- No Micro SD card:32 Gig are more than sufficient for most of what I do on my phone. However, I would like to have the option to extend if I ever need it. So far I've eventually run out of space on every device I ever had. Some great app might come out in the future that needs more space.- No texting from my computer:As a former Nokia Symbian user I've gotten used to reading, writing and sending text messages from my PC.. I miss this with the Nokia Lumia. The excellent "speech to text" function does make composing texts on the phone faster now though.- No HDMI or video output:Nokia uses the DLNA standard that most manufactures (except for Apple) agreed to for connecting devices on WIFI. In the future most TVs will probably be connected to a home network and to the internet. You can then play videos from your phone wirelessly via WIFI to your TV. However, for the time being most TVs are not connected to a net yet. It would be nice to still have an HDMI connector or video output on the phone so that I can play videos to the TV from there (or show photos). Even my old Symbian N97 had that. Until we get a new TV I have to transfer everything to my laptop and play it from there.- The music playlist management is simply horrible:You can create playlist on your PC and transfer them to the Lumia. You also can create  playlists directly on the phone but once they are created there is no way to edit them anymore. This seems so basic that I hope it will be addressed in the next update.- Only one volume selection for everything:The Lumia doesn't let you regulate the volume for the ring tone separately from the volume for everything else (video, music, speech). That can get really annoying in certain situations. There have been so many user complaints about that though, that I'm hopeful it's going to be addressed in the next firmware update.There are a ton of other functions on the Lumia that I don't use so I'll stop here.Overall I don't think you'll find much missing on the Lumia and you'll get a solid, high quality smartphone.

I can't say enough good things about the Nokia 920.  I've been very impressed so far.  My last two phones were a Samsung Focus S running Windows Phone 7 which I enjoyed, except for the small amount of good apps compared to iOS and Android.  But Windows Phone 8 is next level -- especially with all the quality apps that are now available.  Software developers are clearly jumping on board now.  Prior to trying the Windows Phone OS I owned an iPhone 3G.  The Windows Phone OS, WP8 in particular, is superior to iOS in so many ways.  It all starts with the user interface.  While iOS and Android use fairly similar desktop based interfaces with icons we've known since the early 90s, Microsoft actually innovated with Windows Phone and created something unique.  While I'm not as excited about the smart tile interface on a large desktop screen; it is excellent on a phone, tablet, or smaller laptop.  The Nokia hardware itself is very impressive.  The phone is responsive and has never crashed on me once -- something I can't say for my iPhone 3GS or Samsung.  My only complaint is the phone does feel a bit heavy - but it also has a very nice camera and the battery life is longer than last two phones (even with the new phone using 4G LTE).  The Nokia build quality definitely feels sturdier than the Samsung I owned.  The Samsung was lighter, but it also felt like cheaper plastic at times.  My other complaint with the Nokia is it doesn't appear the battery can easily be removed/replaced.  Nokia should fix that and not follow the iPhone route with battery access.To me, the bottom line is despite being late to the game, Windows Phone 8 is by far the best mobile phone OS.  Not only that, the 920 is a great value.  I got one for $100 with a 2-yr contract renewal.If you have AT&T;, you may want to wait though.  The 920 is awesome, but if you take a lot of photos, Nokia has announced a newer Lumia model with a camera in the 40 megapixel range (sorry I don't have exact number).  It will be by far the best camera in a mobile phone ever.  I've read it will retail for $299 with a 2-yr contract.  The Lumia 920 is still an excellent choice.  It has gotten very good reviews -- PC world gave it 4.5 stars out of 5 -- the same rating they give the iPhone and Galaxy 3.  It may not be the "coolest" phone right now, but if you aren't a teenager -- try it out and I think you'll be pleased.

This was supposed to be the phone of my dreams.  Everything about it was over hyped by Nokia.  The camera was supposed to be a game changer but it takes average photos at best in the daytime.  Night shots are nice but they have no sharpness.  The screen is actually inferior to the Nokia 820 which I found strange.  The blacks are more greyish and the other colors are washed out.  Battery life is terrible as well.  I could only get about 5 hours out of this phone and if you google it a problem is definitely there.  The front facing camera is mediocre at best.  This model also freezes once in a while.  But hey, at least it's cheap.  I went through three of these phones and have finally given up because they all are really lemons.  Never again Nokia.

This is a beast.I get 28Gb to use in 32Gb but every thing fits in there.I have no kids but i use kids corner to access my favorite apps easily.I have relaible apps for VOIP, Games, Entertainment, Maps, Augmented reality, Productivity and Chat so no worries about millions of apps for each store we saw on road.Good sound clarity and nice display to se in direct sun light.

I like this phone much better than the iPhone it replaced.  It is a lot more versatile, without being so open that there is a concern about malware.  The major perks are seamless integration with my Windows desktop without having to install additional software, an industry standard micro usb connector and wireless charging (with additional charger purchase). The screen is sensitive enough to use with gloves (driving gloves, not heavy gloves) but not so sensitive it causes problems.  Issues:1. Battery life is inconsistent and often way too short, sometimes the phone will last 8 hours or less with no use and sometimes it will last 14+ hours with moderate use.  Turning off bluetooth etc has no effect on the battery life in this case.  Once the phone turns off due to low battery it will not turn back on until it has been charging for almost 30 minutes2. Only one volume control.  This means if you turn the volume down to play a game without disturbing others, your ringer gets turned down too3. Lack of real apps.  Where most major credit card and banking companies have developed apps for iPhone and Android, almost none of them have developed for Windows Phone4. No granular data control, and some carriers (AT&T;) do not allow you to use Nokia's data monitoring app.  You cannot set live tiles to only update over Wifi, nor can you restrict anything other than phone software updates.  This can eat up your data plan without you realizing it.5. Voice control is so promising but very limited, no ability to turn off wifi or bluetooth with voice, which would be very helpful in saving battery6. Lack of an SD slot (which is slightly offset by the 32 GB capacity)7. No wireless sync capabilityOther than some moderate flaws, this is a solid phone (literally and figuratively) that is a sound replacement for my iPhone.  With Apple changing their non-standard connector for the iPhone 5 I was fed up and decided to move away.  Thanks Nokia for making a good piece of hardware.

Nokia proved me right. I was a customer with Apple for three years up until last week when I switched to Nokia. I was using my iPhone intensively with a lot of apps and important notes and I was worried that I'm going to miss all of that. However, I was frustrated by I phone 4s and 5 since they didn't meet higher standards that I was expecting. So I moved and I bought a black Lumia 920 .onlineThe Lumia 920 is outstanding. very stylish, very fast, very strong camera, has a good feeling to it when you hold it as well as being so flexible and easy to use. Although it is a bit heavy, I believe that is a good thing since more attention will be paid to the phone so it will not fall off easily. I was able to find almost all of the apps that I was using in the Apple app store. You can easily play with the setting and change the whole design of the phone in a second. its so playful that you feel there are colors and pictures everywhere. Also, by choosing the black one , my move was classic and I like that. One of the best thing about this phone is the Microsoft Office package. This was an essential step why I bought this phone. You can use a version of Microsoft word, PowerPoint, excel to do work anywhere you are which is really important for my work and my college as well. Also, It took me a couple of days to get used to its feeling since I was used to apple so much.To summarize, this Nokia phone is an outstanding one. It exceeded my expectations and I believe that it is a matter of weeks for them to upload many new apps as promised by Microsoft. go to a Microsoft store, At&t; branch and take a look at this phone. I'm sure you would love it.Enjoy it folks.

Everything about this phone is well thought out. I give it a 5 because it does everything I need and there are so many features in this phone which amaze me: wireless charging, NFC, the case and screen are amazingly durable (see youtube videos on drop and scratch test), camera is nice, USB cable for charging (nothing like Apple's propreitary junk), MP3 music (simple drag and drop functionality - no need for iTunes software), 4G LTE, WiFi...In five words (5 stars!): It blows the iPhone away!The only improvement needed is more Apps but since this a new OS I am sure more are on the way.

I wrote about this phone on one of my blogs, but let me add some words here, since I reviewed the 900 months ago. First, the 920 fits fine in a jean or pants pocket. It is not too heavy or big. It is sturdy. My friend got the 928, which is lighter and looks nice. Another friend is getting the 1020. I almost guarantee I'll never meet anyone with a 925, though it is gorgeous. All these models are Nokia and all great. All in all the 920 really feels like a 900 with a much nicer screen and camera. The camera and video both live up to the hype. The DEDICATED CAMERA BUTTON is one of the things that make Windows Phone great. I'm just writing this for those combing through online opinions before making a decision. You should be commended. Most people let phone salesman rope them into getting a Samsung. Android is great. I'm not taking sides here. All I am saying is if you are reading reviews, take the next step. Get someone to show you a plugged in model at a store. Use the info you've gained from research and start poking at buttons. Take it from there. Whatever you do, tell the phone salesman to walk away if they begin to annoy you. So often it is that they know very little, yet have so much to say.I should probably say a few more things about why I give the 920 five stars. The main reason is Nokia. I dig the design language of Windows Phone immensely, but it is quirky and still has faults and little inconveniences. I knew that and decided 100% to stick with it. More reasons: Office/Skydrive integration (I use this all the time for my work at a community college and for poetry readings); really nice map/HERE Drive+ GPS integration (even easier if you download a shortcut to the vanilla Bing map interface in the Store); great battery life once you tweak settings; smooth running efficient OS; live tiles and calendar are cool; once again, DEDICATED CAMERA BUTTON; pretty tile colors... listen, I just like the thing. I'll stop, but just one more point - the way Bing, maps, local search, audio search, barcode search, and song search are all integrated is astounding. You can even use the camera to translate things. If you get the phone, learn how to do all that stuff.

I love how people complain about how "thick" and "heavy" this phone is compared to iphone or galaxy series. Then again, owners of iphone and galaxy series have to purchase thick and heavy phone cases in order to protect their phone from breaking if they were to drop the phone. Nokia users don't have to worry about this problem. Effectively, this phone is thinner and lighter than most phones out there because it doesn't need a heavy case. Nokia knows how to build a strong and useful phone.This is the best phone I ever held in my life and I was planning to pick between iphone 5, galaxy s3 and this phone. Eventually I ended up picking this one and I don't regret it at all. This phone is everything iphone 5 wishes it could have been.

I love my Lumia 920 - wireless charging (free @ AT&T), NFC support, great camera, 32 gigs and best of all it was only 100$ @ AT&T (39.99 @ Amazon is even better). WP8 UI is very responsive and fluid. Nokia is also doing a stellar job with developing apps. Example: Nokia PhotoBeamer app.

Three things every phone can do that the 920/WP8 can't:(I am a windows fan boy and I like everything about the phone except some SOFTWARE issues that make it incredibly hard to use. that means the problem can be fixed TODAY with a simple update.)1. No custom tones for texts/anything except ringtones.(are you F*** kidding mean)2. NO advanced WiFi settings of any kind. This means I can't connect to my university's network r any enterprise network. seriously? My girlfriends My-touch can do this with ease. My old iphone 3g could do this. THIS IS A BASIC FUNCTION3. No option to uncensored voice to text. I really like the function of responding to texts while talking, but sometimes I need that extra **** and there is no option to take this setting off like all other phones.

Bought this phone for my son and have used it extensively while ahem "testing" it for him. We've both used webOS for the last two years. I've most recently used the HP Pre 3 and use iOS  quite often due to another family member owning an iphone 4.Here are my thoughts:The budget for his replacement phone was $100 and I told him to review ATT's website for an appropriate smartphone. I'd already researched this and found the Lumia 920 to be the best value for money. His investigation landed him between the 920 and the iphone 4s which would be decided by a visit to an ATT store. Our initial impression was that it was rather heavy and large but he was able to fit it into his jeans pocket without much difficulty. Other than siri he found the 4s to be underwhelming and was quite impressed with his initial experience with windows phone 8 and ordered a black one.My impressions are the 920 is an impressive piece of hardware, yes it's heavy but it's also rock solid and doesn't need a case. I personally hate cases and have carried all my phones naked for the last several years which is nearly impossible with an iphone. If you add an otterbox case to an iphone it'll weigh almost the same as a 920. As another reviewer stated if you've had your present phone for more than a year the 920 won't be much heavier. This is a decent tradeoff for wireless charging and NFC in my opinion. Once you go wireless charging you'll never go back and is one of main the reasons I stuck with webOS phones for this long.The phone personally handles well because all buttons are within easy reach.  However if not positioned optimally the edges of the phone may dig into your palms but this is probably dependent on your hand's size. I love the camera button that allows a quick shot without unlocking the phone first.Windows phone 8 is slick and modern compared to iOS's antiquated OS.  iOS has slick apps but the OS itself is clunky. You need apps to do everything in iOS while a lot of functionality is already integrated into Win 8.One brilliant feature is family group where members can privately share a to do list, pictures, calendar and more. Skype is also fully integrated and social media profiles are linked similar to webOS's implementation. Kid's Corner is also an excellently thought out idea.Of course if you're an app junky win 8 may not be for you right now but that'll change in the next few months as the OS was only released to developers a few weeks ago.The only other windows phone in this price range presently is the HTC 8x but the $100 version only has 8Gb of ram (vs 32 gb in the 920) and lacks Nokia's killer apps like Nokia Drive, city lens, ESPN etc.There aren't any comparable Android Phones at this price point as I would only consider 4.2 and above as having comparable stability and fluidity. The Nexus 4 is nice but costs $299 plus it's wireless charging pad costs extra while it's presently free with the 920.Overall the Nokia Lumia 920 is`highly recommended and is the best smartphone for a $100.

Fast processor and easy to use and connect with my window 8 laptop. Crystal clear picture and movie camera. City lens map is one of the best. I do not need extra digital camera and gps system. Wireless charger is one of the good addition. My wife she bought galaxy s3 and i bought nokia lumina 920. She like my phone because of easy use and camera and city lens. I really like nokia lumina 920 and happy to replace with my iphone 4s.

I have used Android phones before, but after moving to this 920, I am sure I will never go back to Android. Best windows phone ever (better than 1520 because 1520 is bulky). :)

The biggest downside of this phone is the "small" app market and there is a version of every app I ever really used on my two previous phones. I owned an Iphone 3Gs (which I liked) and replaced that with a Motorola Atrix (which I liked also for different reasons but it was glitchier than the Iphone) and this is my favorite of the three. I was looking for a new phone because the Atrix was getting really slow and it was between the 920 the Galaxy S III and the Iphone 5. I've played with the Iphone 5 and it's nice and I would have been more than happy with it but the Home screen isn't as good and I actually like the heftier phone. The android was nice because of all the customization but after about a day I didn't do much with it and I had more problems syncing with my computer than my Iphone. The only caution I give on this phone is it seems it mightbe hard to use if you have small hands but maybe a smaller handed reviewer could comment on that. I'd buy this phone again in a heartbeat and the more people that buy it, the better the app marketplace will get. If the rating was out of 10 I'd give it a 9. It's not perfect, but it's pretty close.

Nice design, feels solid, Windows OS takes time to learn but learning curve is not to steepBUTGets very very hot fast even when just browsing the net, playing games for more then 5 minutes is impossible due to heatBattery last few hours (about 4 hours in normal mode + 3 hours in special battery saving mode all with very light use)7 hours for a phone is not acceptableI own it one day - I'm planning to replace it tomorrowUpdate 6/12/2013I wanted to test the phone the following day but no matter what I did the phone didn't get hot. Not sure why. I kept the phone for 5 day. On one full charge the battery lasted over 36 hours under light use (couple short phone calls, checking e-mail, some web browsing playing games for about 15 minutes).All seems ok with the battery and overheating but I noticed that with white background and black text screen was much brighter on the top and darkish at the bottom.I went to the AT&T; store and replaced the phone. While there I look at total 6 phones including mine - 3 out of 6 had issues with the display. In one case the top portion of the screen was orange.On the good side I like the way AT&T; people from Bridgewater Mall in NJ handle the case - very customer oriented approach.Overall I'm happy with the phone for now. Let's see what happens in coming days.I did some research and it looks like a lot Lumia 920 have all sorts of problems.

The Nokia Lumia 920 is an awesome phone! Solid phone with great sound quality, camera, operating system, etc! Highly recommend it!

I am a early adopter of this phone. Before att released the phone, i bought developer edition off ebay, though It was very expensive on ebay.My first impression on the hardware was WOW. The build quality had exceeded my expectations.I had used almost all generations of iphones including Iphone 5. But being bored with same interface i changed to lumia 900 and then to lumia 920. though hardware on lumia 920 exceeded my expectations, but not windows 8. All windows 8 previews has exaggerated the features. In real life there are very few in windows 8 which are useful. Regarding apps, the stock is low ,it has to come up with more. Before buying i know all this but wanted to try it any way. Low light photography is great. NFC is not that useful as of now.Regarding the gorilla glass 2, i watched all videos on youtube where user scratched the phone with knife,keys and hammer. But a simple rub (accidental) of phone on my hard floor made scratches on the phone screen. I was disappointed on this. But i installed screen protector which has hidden most scratches .Any way I still recommend the phone.

You can sync all the data between your phone and Outlook on your personalcomputer directly. Believe it or not, this app is the only way forWindows Phone users to sync their contacts without going through somekind of cloud.

Amazing Windows 8 OS supported with excellent Nokia hardware. Favourite features: Offline 2D and 3D Maps (US, India and other countries) with turn-by-turn voice direction, which you can download to your phone (~1 GB for all States in US) and does not require internet during travelling. Good quality Nokia music service. Camera (8.7 megapixel) that takes decent quality pictures. Would recommend to friends.Update: 12/07/2012 - Phone works great as advertised with regards to using it while wearing winter gloves which is great for Winter in Ohio. No need to take off the glove to pick up the phone!!! Also, phone is super fast and browsing is very slick on IE. I used to have iPhone 4 and Samsung Focus (Windows 7.5 Phone) earlier and facebook retrival was real slow, perhaps due to 3G support. But it takes less than a second on Lumia to refresh a Facebook page!

I have owned iPhones since the beginning of iPhones.  With the release of this Lumia phone, I had to switch because I realized that the iPhone was old technology.  The Windows Phone 8 interface is by far the best interface of any smartphone on the market.  The build quality of the Nokia phone is unsurpassed.  The phone is simple to use, very bright, takes awesome pictures, GPS just works (on or off-line), the battery life is excellent, has awesome wireless charging, effortless to transfer all my contacts, music, etc from iTunes.  The phone doesn't have hundreds of thousands of apps but I wrote down all the apps that i used with my Iphone and was able to get ALL the major apps on the new platform.  I use free text messaging (text me), whats app, amazon, cnn, home depot, bloomberg, chase, ebay, flixster, delta, groupon, facebook, kayak, paypal, youtube, zillow just to name a few.  I also like the fact that it comes with Microsoft Office, including OneNote, so that I can stay productive. I am in total control on this phone with the live tiles and it just intuitively works and is simple.  Also, for $99 you just can't get any better.  THANKS NOKIA!!

This phone is really good and one of the best in the market. I say one of the best not as a subjective matter or personal preference. If you were to pick a category and compare it, it will rate high on most and will come on top in a few others (ex. camera and video).Feel Quality and Design.The phone is really beautiful. I have got compliments from many people. It is not WOW, nor flashy (at least the black version); it is just elegant and clean. To be honest, I wasn't really sold on its design until I owned it. Even at the store I wasn't able to completely appreciate it. For me only the iphone 4 and 5 are as beautiful; That said, many people use covers/cases making the the whole design thing go out the window. Why craft so beautiful phones when you get to hide them under a case. To each its own. If you are careful, no need for covers, but anyway.It feels really good, durable, sturdy, not cheap at all. The iphone feels good too,  but it tends to scratch easier than this one. Some HTCs feel good too, but their soft touch material gets dirty, so for feel, I would say this one and the iphones are on top.The only cons are its size and weight, but just in the beggining. You get used to it, believe me. My favorite phone of all time was the Motorola Razr V3. Not a smartphone, but almost the perfect size and weight. I was hesitant to go bigger than a 4" screen, but I cave just to have the best Nokia was offering and because I wanted a windows phone. After a week, it becomes second nature and it doesn't bother me anymore.Camera and Video:Bar none, simply the best, especially at night and shooting video. My whole family are iphone and apple fans. For them to admit my phone took better pictures than their iphone 5 was huge. I thought they would have said its ok and move one, but they were actually impressed which speaks volume. Look at videos shot with the 920, there are several on youtube. The excellent camera and video hardware is the reason why the phone is heavier than most. I started to enjoy taking pictures when I got this phone. I never thought I was going to get into a phone because of its camera, but now that I have it, I am glad.Display:It is really good. I'm sure it may not be technically the best out there, but it is high resolution, high pixel density, blah blah blah; it is just very good. From the user perspective, this won't be a reason why not to buy this is phone, it is as good any other out there.You can use leather gloves with this phone, I have tried it and it is useful for me when in bad weather.Performance:Smooth and fast. Probably the fastest interface in the market, but that is due to Windows Phone, not so much the hardware. My previous phone, Samsung Focus was also fast with lesser hardware specs. One difference is when opening apps, Nokia's is faster and web surfing is a breeze.Battery:It seemed to have a break in period. Initially, for the first few days, it didn't hold past 16 hours of normal use. Some people where complaining about it. I also got one of the first phones back in November so they may have revised that. However, now, I charge it every other night with normal use. I usually have GPS and NFC turned off, screen brightness set to low, and I don't watch video on my phone except for rare ocassions. I turn LTE on and off as i am usually on wifi at home and office, so Wifi is always on. Bluetooth is always on. If i were to set everything on, I am sure I'll get a full day's charge with no problem.Software/OS:I fell in love with windows phone since I bought the first Samsung Focus that came with Windows Phone 7.0. I never liked Windows mobile. I can't remember what make me choose it in the first place. I remember I didn't want an iphone because everyone had one, and, at the time, didn't have many cloud features and integration that I wanted. I did, recognize at the time, it was the best smartphone on the market overall. I also didn't like you had to use itunes for everything. I was too close to buy an Android. What shy me away was that the interface had some lags and it lacked software upgrades. Google could not push upgrades unless you had the nexus. So I took a look at the focus, it looked good and fluid, and I liked the fact the everything I used (email, outlook at work, facebook, calendar,xbox, etc) all integrated in the phone and in the cloud and were not app dependent, so I took a leap of faith and never looked back.You really don't know how good windows phone is until you use it. Live tile is great, all the information comes to you, so you don't need to go into every individual app. You can customize the tiles in any way you want, what works for you. I don't even have to go past the lockscreen to see what's next on my calendar, check the weather, and whether I have a new email or not.They say it doesn't have a zillion apps and it is true. People talk about apps like quantity is what matters. Most of the good apps are in Windows Phone. For example, they may have the official facebook app + 3 copycats; iOS may have 15 copycats and Android 20. So it is easy to say the windows have only 4 apps, iOS 16 and Android 21. In pure numbers, Android wins, but how many facebook apps do you need?  Even though there is a facebook app, you don't need one, becuase it is integrated with the phone. I don't remember an app I needed that I couldn't find except for the official Formula One timing app only available on ios, android and blackberry.The OS has many great features but you can look it up by yourself.Nokia support is great and they have some exclusive apps you will not find in any other phone, which makes it a plus.Don't be or believe a naysayer. the Iphone 4 and 5 are great phones. Some Android phones are great phones. If Windows and Nokia are not your cup of tea, it is fine, that is your choice. All I know is of all the people who try Windows Phones and especially the Nokia 920 fall in love with it. I told my girlfriend she should get an iphone since it is a great phone because it is tried and true and could be easier for her (she is not tech savvy) as it doesn't need personal customization. Iphone, it is more plug, dowload and play. Although Windows is easier to you by default, the experience is so much better once you personalize it.She liked my phone so much she went ahead and bought a Nokia 820 as she felt the 920 was too big for her hands. My Dad was bragging about being one of the first with iphone 5 last year, and when I showed my Lumia and what it could do, he was blowned away and wanted to exchange phones with me(not that I would have) and then his excuse to make himself feel better was the he didn't like the square edges of the 920.

Never stays connected to network for games, apps, internet.. etc. Camera is blurry on portrait view... Battery would not stay charged for longer than 6 hours when not using but for texting sms... Only had phone for 4 days was a mistake... Had to pay for most apps, had very few free apps... Bulky and heavy phone... I am going back to a android smartphone.

This is a very impressive phone - I got it to replace my old BlackBerry and it is clearly a huge upgrade. The interface is easy to understand, very responsive and colorful. It easily manages my 500+ contacts, the Audible app works great, Nokia Music, Maps and smart photo apps are also excellent. I would really like to give this phone full marks. We have a couple of iPads at home, and I have to say I much prefer the Windows Phone interface.There are, however, a few kinks - some of which are major. The battery lasts through most days, but not always - with the extra free wireless charger from AT&T; that is something easy to live with. The Smart Photo app sometimes hangs (although, impressively, the phone has never stalled like my BlackBerry used to - the home button always works). These I could live with.The major showstopper for me (and it is a big one) is that my work email and calendar are based on gmail and there is at least one major problem with how Windows Phone and Gmail interact. The problem is that when replying to emails with long subject lines, Windows Phone often messes up the header - basically rendering the email almost unreadable for the recipient. I want to think this is a small and easy to fix problem, but I was surprised to see it discussed on the Internet as far back as May and with Windows Phone 7. (The problem, in case any Microsoft employees read this, is that Windows Phone is adding extra line breaks in the long subject line - breaking the header and making the encoding and multipart boundaries part of the message body; which ends up rendering as plain text when HTML or some more expressive encoding needed). So I am not very confident a fix is coming.So I am currently torn on whether to keep my phone (and manually edit long subject lines when replying to email) or trade it in for Droid or iPhone (the Galaxy S3 is not advertised as a world phone in the US and probably wouldn't work for me).

I have been using this phone extensively since it launched on Friday and I am loving it. I have previously owned the iPhone 4S & Samsung Galaxy S3. Let me tell you, this phone is in a league of its own. Quality build as expected from Nokia. Spectacular camera. 8.7 MP Carl Zeiss Lense! Floating Lense for image stabilization. When I film, it looks like I have it on a tripod! I cannot get over how amazing the camera is on this phone. Display is bright, utra crisp, and clear. Pixel density is better than the iPhone 5. The list goes on..The best phone on the market with 32GB for $99.99 with 2 year plan?No phone can beat that. iPhone 5 & Galaxy S3 16GB run for 199.99 with 2 year planFor what you get at $99.99, they are basically paying you to buy this phone!

great quality apps, love the seamless integration with facebook, twitter, linkedin, hotmail etc. Very appealing visually in software as well as hardware. Love the Carl Zeiss lens and above all the USB data transfer so that I can transfer from my linux machine also. I don't have to wait for iTunes or anything.Another amazing thing is that as Nokia claims, the screen is really scratch proof. I accidentally dropped my new phone on a pebbled surface. The corners did get bruised a little bit but there was not even a mark on the screen even though the phone landed face down on that pebbled ground.

By stop hiring guns to artificially boost up your phone ratings at Amazon. Lumia 900 was a show case of robot reviews. When I am writing this, Lumia 920 has already received five reviews, all of them 5-star. All but one has written a review of another product other than Lumia 920.DBLA (1 review in total) http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A1S7GEDIIDVLKG/ref=cm_cr_dp_pdpjthom (2 reviews) http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A2A941MKMDREPG/ref=cm_cr_dp_pdpSup Karma (1 review) http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A4SUJVO0D8DM9/ref=cm_cr_dp_pdpRamiro Watson (4 reviews,  ALL on different colors of Lumia 920 with different titles) http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A1GU6PSZG155ND/ref=cm_cr_pr_pdpjoseasilvestre (1 review) http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A3RR13YM1XGXNU/ref=cm_cr_pr_pdp

Great screen I love the colors it has.The Camera is Amazing, the details and night pics are awesome. You can easily throw away your digital camera with this phone. I just did a trip to Costa Rica, most of the pictures I had only my phone, and its amazing. Some pictures are hard to distinguish if they were taken with my RSL professional camera or the phone.What I don't like. The weight, the is a heavy phone. I'm still missing some 2 of my favorites apps. Our of it. No regrets of giving my iphone 5. Easily the best phone ever.

Phone is very easy to learn, especially if you are familiar with windows. My first smart phone, so I don't know if the horribly short battery life is the average of others or not. 24 hours is the best I get with everything turned off except phone.

Upgraded our 2 lines from (iPhone 4S & 900) to this latest version.It is built solid. My favorite App is Nokia drive. Used 900 for half one year,my favorite app is Nokia drive. It is sometimes better than my wife's Garmin.Like it!

Hardware:Very modern, elegant and yet functional polycarbonate exterior. I don't think you need to put on a case unlike some other phones out there. It feels very solid and comfortable holding it. A little extra weight compared to others doesn't bother me at all, especially when this Lumia offers several innovative features (see other reviews for a full list) you can't find elsewhere.Software:WP8 UI and UX are fantastic and very fluid. Of course this is no surprise to people coming from WP7 like me. I must say, however, I'm pleasantly surprised how much faster this feels compared to my two year old Samsung Focus which was one of the most fluid performers back then. It's a day and night difference.To serious photographers like me, I think this phone's camera alone would be enough reason to buy. Light gathering capability is simply unmatched due to the optical stabilization (OIS) and the f/2.0 lens. iphone 5 has a f/2.4 lens and Samsung Galaxy III has a f/2.8, both with no OIS. (For those who don't know, lower "f" number is "better" for light gathering.) Check out pictures posted on Flickr to get an idea. Indoor and night photos are groundbreaking for a phone camera. I can finally ditch my point-and-shoot camera and happily use this phone for daily snapshots when I don't have my Nikon DSLR around.Combination of 920's HW and Microsoft's SW is truly a work of art in both form and function. And I don't give out that kind of compliments easily.

I switched to this phone from being an iPhone user for 4 years. The phone is beautiful and I love the new Windows Phone 8 Operating System. My favorite thing about the hardware is the incredible high resolution screen, and call quality/reception is better than my old phone. I can use this phone in my garage as opposed to dropping calls the instant I pulled into the garage on my previous phone. With that said it definitely took a couple days to adjust to this Operating System and the larger phone size after using iOS and the smaller iPhone form factor for so long. It's a welcome change for me, and I'm very happy with the phone.

This phone is wonderful. A real thrill to own - and a head turner. I tried windows phone 7, but it just wasn't ready yet. WP8 corrects a lot of the issues they had before, and I think it's safe to say they've arrived!

With great pain and disappointment, I have to announce that I dropped my little Bumble Bee (yes, I have a yellow Lumia) and the screen is completely shattered. After frantically searching for a possible explanation why this Nokia is not like my Nokia I had 10 years ago, the one that I dropped times and times again but IS still working like a trooper, I have to come to terms with the fact that the screen is glass, no matter what kind of glass it will break if you are unlucky. I have to admit that I was fairly disappointed at first and there was this thought that I should probably search for a new phone because I'm so afraid this shattered screen will not be my first and only one. I still have my old iPhone 4 that I can use while waiting for my Bee to get fixed and see if I could switch back. That's when I realized I cannot live without my Lumia. It's almost like I took things for granted before, my life was so much easier then. The things that I miss:1. The gorgeous and super sensitive screen.2. The weight. I know this is a turn off for most but for me, I love the weight in my hands, iPhone is just way to light. Also, this phone can totally be a weapon if needed. :D3. The navigation of the apps. It's so easy to find my most used apps with the re-sizable titles.4. The back button. I can't count how many times in the last few days I keep touching the bottom left of my iPhone to go back to the screen before and then realized it wasn't there and it won't be, ever.5. The camera. I won't say more, this has been over-discussed in many places.6. The vibrant color that makes a statement wherever I go.7. Nokia Drive. This GPS is so awesome it actually tells you the street names and highway names and exit numbers and in many different languages.8. The fact that I can see how many emails and messages I have without having to unlock my phone.9. Many other little things that I don't remember.I know that there is still a lot of room for improvements in many areas (apps store is first on the list) but it is the best phone for me and I can't wait to hold it again. Sigh, I miss you terribly!!!

This phone is solid.The hardware performs excellently and the OS is intuitive and easy to use.The camera took amazing photos at the Chihuly Glass Museum, which is a series of low light exhibits.The integration to social networks is fantastic.Nokia Drive Beta works efficiently as a voice guided GPS system, you can even pick your own accent.Cons:Battery life could stand to be longer, but when can't it.  It may be my perception just from frequent use.Need NFC infrastructure so I can use my phone to pay!

This phone is by far the best smartphone that I've had. The OS is much smoother than an Android and looks a lot cleaner. The live tiles are beautifully arranged and can be customized the show different info:Pros:-IPS screen with really vivid colors-f/2.0 camera (very large aperture for low light photos) with Image Stabilization (makes the pictures look sharper when there is motion blur-The Windows Phone 8 OS is very fast and fluid-all your pictures, contacts and messages are backed up in the cloud-Kids Corner is pretty awesome for giving your phone to a kid and having the peace of mind that they won't wipe it or send out stuff-touch sensitive screen can be used with gloves :)-Wireless Charging!Cons:-Battery life isn't as good as the Lumia 900 - I turned NFC off since I don't use it and saw a an improvement-There is no more Bing Maps, which I was a big fan of, and you have to use Nokia maps insteadOverall a very awesome phone, and At&t; LTE is very fast if you have it in your area.UPDATE: Someone mentioned in the comments that if you completely discharge the battery a few times, it will calibrate it and will last much longer. I tried it and now I get about a day and a half of battery life :) Thank you A. Berger!

Greetings... I purchased one of these from AT&T; in December, and gave it a whirl.  I had similar problems to many others:1) Poor battery life-  I need a charger at home and work, as the thing could not make it all day2) Gets hot during use, especially video use3) OUTRAGEOUS and totally inexplicable data usage.  THIS IS MY #1 PROBLEM  with the Lumia 920...After complaining to AT&T;, they swapped out one 920 for a new one.  The same problems persisted.  After speaking with both AT&T; techs (on-line and in AT&T; service store), as well as contacting Nokia, I could not get the problems resolved, particularly any explanation for the CRAZY data usage.  The thing sits on my desk most of the day, on my company Wi-Fi, and at home it is on Wi-Fi.  It is NOT supposed to use up your data plan while on wi-fi-- however, I would get bills from AT&T; showing as much as 11 GIGAbytes of use in 1 month.  And here's the deal-- after speaking with AT&T;, Nokia, and reading on various web sites, I disabled or removed every application anyone could think of that used data (other than Internet explorer and email).  No Facebook.  No "live" tiles.  No maps.  No Nokia Driving app.  No backups or photos/vids to Skydrive.  No weather app. etc. etc.  But AT&T; still claimed seeing data "bursts" and spikes throughout the day of sometimes 80Mb... they could not explain any of these bursts (especially since I was supposed to be on Wi-Fi) and quickly refunded ALL of the overage charges on my account for 3 months...which in itself is suspicious (you ever try getting a refund from a phone company?)...Anyway, I finally got AT&T; to swap the Nokia Lumia 920 for a Samsung Galaxy S III- which includes a "data usage" application... and in one week of having the Galaxy it has used less data than one day of the Lumia 920.  With the same email accounts configured.  And usings the Samsung data use app, I could see that one 4 minute YouTube video used about 50Mb of data, and email uses very little.  So it appears to me that both Lumia 920's that I had were in some way "defective".I liked the device in terms of appearance, apps, ease of use-- the Windows 8 was pretty nice, the screen is beautiful, and it otherwise worked well.  However, I can't afford to hand AT&T; $110/month in overage fees for data I don't choose to use.  And a 4 - 6 hour battery life on a device with this large a battery is also pretty unacceptable.  Oh well Nokia-- this is called by some your "last chance" gadget.  Maybe it's your last gasp...If Nokia acknowledges issues and FIXES THEM, either via software updates, or replacing hardware, this would be a 5 star device.  As it is in my experience, I give it 3 stars because not everyone appears to be having the issues I had, and the problems MAY be resolvable by future updates.

Lumia 920 is The best and most innovative moblie phone in the world nowand it is Iphone and Samsug Galaxy S III killerI have an Iphone 4 and Samsug Galaxay Note. The problem with thesephones have NO personalities.When put your Iphone or Samsug phonestogether with other people's phones, you can not distinguishwhich is your phone or others phones. While you are in New York streets,you can see hundreds of other people are holding exact same Iphonesas you do and you do not have anything unique for your phone.They all have exact same with UI. Iphone screen is way too small for me to read web sites.Samsug Galaxay Note does have a much bigger screen. But it got hang from time to time andhave to restart each time to fix the hang. I can not take any pictures in the low light.It simply give me a black screen in the low light and it does not have any stablizer.I went to California a few month ago, the naviagtion in both phones are not good.If got disconnect from ATT, I got no map. Lumia 920 has a build-in navigation systemand have voice directed turn by turn guide offline without any need to connect to ATT network.I should say Iphone and Samsug Galaxy are very good phones. But Nokia Lumia 920 is the best !Here are Lumia 920 can do while Iphone 5 and Samsug Galaxy can NOT do:1. The best 8.7 Meg pix camera and HD video recovder with image stablizer while other phoneshave only 8 Meg pix without stablizer.2. The best low light camera among all mobile phones.3. City Lens which can help me to find restaurants, shops, hotels in a strange city.4. Nokia drive can be used in offline mode without need to connect to ATT. It is an actual GPS device.5. Free Microsoft Office suite with Outlook, spreadsheet, etc6. sensitive screen can be used with glove on. especially useful for cold winter.7. kids corner which allow your kids to play on your phone without remove anythings from your phone.8. Very beautiful screen with live tiles and I can personalize my screens.9. Web accesses are compressed up to 45% and can save data plan a big time.10. Extremely durable and unbreakable. I accidentally dropped my Iphone and its front screencracked completely. But, I see on a youtube, someone used a big nail and hammer and used the hammerto hit the nail on the Lumia screen and he hit it 10 times and no damage on the Lumia screen.is this amazing ?My Samsug phone has a very thin back cover. I have to buy a protective cover for itas soon as I bought it. Nokia Lumia come with a beautiful cover and it is unbreakable.11. 32 GB storage without extra charge.12. Wireless charge.Some reveiwers think Lumia 920 is too heavy. but, it is only 6.5 ounce ! almost same weight asmy Galaxy Note with cover. I have to buy a protective cover for my Iphone 4 after I dropped itand cracked the front screen. with the cover, it weight always same as Lumia 920. I do not understandwhy some people make big fuss about Lumia 920 weight. For Lumia 920, you do not need any cover.it comes with the beautifull and colorful covers.Some reviewers say Iphone and Adroid have 700,000 apps. Up to today, window phone already have 200,000 apps.but, the question is that, do you actually use those 700,000 apps ???!!!  I am quite content with allthe apps on the window phones and I can not image I can even use these 200,000 apps let alone 700,000.I do NOT need that much apps and I believe 200,000 apps will more than enough for any users !Anyway, developers all over world  are now developing new apps for window phones and bringing out new windowphone apps in hundreds daily ! I believe in less than one year, window phone apps can beat Adroid and Iphoneapps easily.For window phones, Lumia 920 and 820 are the best among all window phones.HTC window 8X and 8s are nothing as compared with Lumia 920 and 820.HTC used to be a Taiwaness phone assemby factory and got intomaking mobile phone business because they think this is an industry trend.HTC is a copycat with absolutely no soul for their phones and poor quality also.HTC window 8X has only 16 GB storage and it cast $200 with contract to buywhile the best window phone Lumia 920 only need $100 and has 32 GB storage andall above listed features. HTC Window 8X and 8s have NONE of above listed features.Why do you waste your money on those HTC junk phones ?!

Anything would have been an upgrade from my old phone (Galaxy S1), but I really like this windows operating system and the phone seems to be lighting fast and easy to operate.

It is really good to see Nokia come out with a solid device that provides great overall value. Whether you are an iOS, Android or WP fan, what benefits us all as consumers is the presence of a healthy ecosystem of strong devices that makes the consumers in charge, rather than some snob executive or marketing guru who think they know what is best for us. I have had a windows phone for the past 4 years as my personal phone and various iPhones and Android devices as my work phones (I work in the mobile industry developing software for devices) and each has their strengths and weaknesses. I am not a fan boy of any company or device, but I understand that each of the players in the market right now are necessary for a balance in the favor of consumers (think T-Mobile's relationship to ATT & Verizon). In-fact I hope that the Blackberry comes out with a great phone this year and makes the marketplace even more interesting. Folks are just too cynical these days dissing and calling for the death of companies that don't innovate, without realizing that the fewer the companies, the worse off we are.Now for the phone itself, I have not seen a screen yet that beats the Lumia 920. While it may not be the largest, it is the best balance of size and resolution and you immediately notice it. I am for the first time, one of those users who are constantly stuck on their phone sliding, swiping, playing around with it while having lunch, drinking coffee or walking around, It really isn't healthy and I hope I can stop doing that, but for now I am hooked. I have also merged my device functions, as the Lumia is now both my personal and business phone. We run Office 365 where I work and integration with Exchange is a breeze, email and calendars work great. The keyboard is very responsive and the dictionary is probably one of the best out there. The Office Suite of apps that come standard are very useful for making simple edits and last minute fixes before important meetings (you will never use the phone to create full on doc and presentations, but if you do, more power to you). SharePoint integration works really well and makes collaboration on the go easier. Finally the Lync app is probably the best one available (the one on iOS is pretty horrible, don't know if that is done on purpose but I wouldn't be surprised) and works well over the 4G connection. Other business apps I have used are LinkedIn which works great and does pretty much everything I need it to do, Bloomberg and my Banking apps. The overall UI is very smooth and responsive and I have never had the phone freeze on me yet. I have dropped the phone a couple of times while on the go and it is still looks fine, no dents and scratches.A few cons are the battery life, the phone hasn't lasted me more than 1 and a half days without a charge(I have been using it pretty heavily, but still, for a phone at this price point, the life should be better). Another thing I have yet to figure out is if there is a way to stream content from my phone to a TV the way iPhones can do via Apple TV. That would be very useful for presentations and I hope Nokia can work with the likes of Roku etc to make this possible. Also AT&T; is still horrible, so I had my phone unlocked and moved to T-Mobile and it works really well.Overall, this is a great phone and I wish Nokia all the success. If you do purchase this phone, you will not be disappointed and will have a keeper till planned obsolescence kicks in.

Best Phone I ever had in my life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I am so happy that i finally able to get it under such high demand for the phone

I had an iOS for 5 years & also used Windows 7 before. I like Windows 8 phone very much. Nothing beats iphone on Apps quantity but almost all of the best Apps are also on Windows. Who needs 700,000 Apps? Android is just an iphone copycat & too fragmented. The reason it's popular is because the OS is free from Google.

I can't believe how quick everything is and how well it all works together. The Nokia apps are the best part of it all and the quality of the build feels like the most solid, sturdy phone ever, something Nokia is legendary for. I have been with Windows Phone since WP7 and the Samsung Focus...this absolutely blows it away and the WP8 OS has really taken a large step. Windows Phone is just getting started and the Lumia 920 is the main reason why the OS will be a huge success going forward.

I have Android, IOS and Windows Phones, Tablets, Systems, and the 920 is a great phone with many easy to navigate and intuitive features, take the 20 minutes to customize it to your needs and when using other devices they do not share the same easy features. I think this was a well developed product and everyone who knows it, quickly gets to love it.

This phone is great. Right out of the box, its ease of use and beauty pops. Fast and smooth Windows OS fits perfectly with the design of the Lumia. Sometimes I find myself just staring at the phone. Highly recommend this phone to anyone and everyone. Kudos Nokia and Microsoft.

I've just got the 920, and it is overall very impressive. The OS looks extremely good, smooth and simple to use too, and the phone itself looks very solid (and looks cool!).The camera works great for pics and videos.The free Nokia apps are a very big value-add too (for example the Nokia Drive is an awesome turn-by-turn GPS solution in my phone).The only drawback is that the phone feels just a little too heavy, but it's not really a big deal.BTW, I do work at Microsoft, but this is just my personal opinion from experience, as I've used iPhones and Android phones for very long time in the near past, and I'm not biased by my employer.

First time using a Windows Phone. I must say; the OS is clean, beautiful, fast and functional. I came from using Android and Blackberry, and I would definitely not go back as long as the Windows Phone platform continues to improve. The Lumia 920 has the best screen I have yet seen on a phone. The body is very solidly contructed and asthetically pleasing. I keep getting passing comments about how nice it looks and people love to ask questions about it. I have nothing but good things to say about it. And to those who criticize the smaller (but rapidly growing) app list of about 120,000 apps at this point...the criticism is fair, but I'd like to add to that: when I got my first phone, it was the Nexus One. Back then, the Android platform was just beginning to show its promise (when there was so much optimism about the open OS, and the "Don't be evil" mantra, before Google decided to become the new Apple with its practices, but I digress), but at that time the app store was small as well and lacked many of the popular apps from the Iphone, but I stuck with it because I preferred the OS and the future promise of the platform. It paid off eventually...Years later, here comes Windows Phone 8 with a new set of promises and a shiny new OS to showcase. Again I made the switch. I love the design standards that Microsoft has set, with its clean and uniform experience across most apps on the system. The ability to share just about every media on your phone and in apps is far better than both iOS and Android, and the people app, which seamlessly integrates contacts from all of your popular social media platforms and email is a joy to use. Office is a great feature to have as well as OneNote. The camera is great and the camera apps are fun and functional. The Nokia drive and maps apps are wonderful and accurate. The Xbox Music store is great and a nice upgrade from the now-defunct Zune platform (sad face). The games app is great. The SmartGlass feature is awesome and innovative (it kind of defeats the purpose of the Wii U in my opinion). I mean, what else can I say? The call quality is solid. Messaging is a breeze. NFC is interesting and has useful applications. Internet explorer works just fine with everything I need to use it for. Nokia City Lens is cool. There are lots of settings and ways to customize your phone. In closing I will say that I can't emphasize how much I enjoy having this new phone to play with and use in my everyday life. I think that I made a good bet by switching, and literally every day the app store is growing and growing. Get yourself one, you won't regret it!

So, I got on the iPhone bandwagon the day after Christmas 2009; I remember this so vividly because my mother upon seeing me pull an old ratty tiny (non-smart-phone) from my pocket was in shock. She asked if that was my cell-phone to which I boldly answered "YES"... Her next statement had me laughing so hard I had tears in my eyes; "don't you ever let a woman see you take that phone out of your' pocket, it does not fit your' life-style". My parents are the LEAST tech savvy people possibly on earth.., well close to it. So I figured if my mother thought that way about my phone I better do something about it, so off I went to the Apple store as I already owned a Mac Mini (now I own 2 Mac Minis).So here we are in 2012 and I am the owner of an iPhone 3GS an Apple Magic Mouse and Track-pad and 2 Mac Minis along with a Kindle Fire (2011 version) and a first gen iPad 32gb/wifi. I like Apple products if it is not apparent.My 3GS is a bit long in the tooth (I know), but honestly I didn't see anything in the 4 or 4S that would make me want to part with cash or own it. Facetime...don't care; Siri, Perhaps it would have been fun to play around with and  I may have even found it helpful. I decided to await the iPhone 5, surely it would be something to become excited about. So I go check it out and I am not the least bit impressed,  well, that is not entirely true I think the build quality is great but the interface simply looks like more of the same thing I have lived with since 2009. Faster yes, sharper image yes but I mean come on... to quote Al Pacino (movie: HEAT)... "GIVE ME ALL YA GOT"!!!!. My 3GS was never painfully slow anyway.So the choice was the Galaxy S3, the Lumia 920 or the iPhone 5.I chose the Lumia and boy was I nervous about that choice. As I stated my iPhone simply works and does a good job at that. But I was yearning for a newer GUI (graphical user interface) experience and the 920 with W8 delivers impressively. I love the live tiles and the way the latest information is delivered automatically and all I have to do is glance at the phone to see said information.I read a review where a pundit wrote about why the iPhone is better without NFC and wireless charging. I found it to be complete bunk... his and others thinking suggest that you're still tethered because the phone had to be placed on the charging pad so whats the point of wireless charging. Well guess what; I always use a Bluetooth for talking (Jawbone ERA or B&O; EAR 2). I love the fact that when I arrive home I can just set the phone on my nightstand (on the charging pad) and walk away.., Bluetooth still in ear as always, only now I'm not fumbling with tiny connectors. Say what you will but between multiple Bluetooth units, Kindle Fires and an iPad one less device to plug in is welcome in my home and on my desk at work. I love how the author of that review tried to spin missing feature into a "+", please! Now as for NFC, true it is not ubiquitous but I have seen it popping up in my neck of the woods (Chicago) so why not?The battery on this unit is herculean and I have noted that by the time I arrive home from work (typically leave the house a 6:30am and return around 6:30pm) the phone is still at least half full and that is even if I don't charge it through the day.Bottom line: Apple makes great products and I own some of them and may even buy a Mac Book Pro (retina) but I see no real innovation with the iPhone 5 and so I passed it over. My former 3GS is now used as a remote control and for my music when at the gym and I can still use most of the apps I purchased where I have a WiFi connection (I have a Clear Hotspot). The Lumia 920 at this point is the best phone I have ever owned (eliciting excitement reminiscent of the iPhone when I first purchased it 3 years ago).And yes... I have used the 4S phone multiple times (friends own it) but again, save for a few things I saw nothing that made it desirable in fact I thought the restyling to a rectangular brick was lacking imagination and a step back from the original iPhone.Not saying I wouldn't go back to the iPhone but they need to step it up.I am a software consultant developing for Windows and iPhone.Either way you can not go wrong; I think they are both top products but for me the styling, NFC, wireless charging and Live Tiles sealed the deal.Thanks for reading!

I am very happy with my purchase of the Nokia Lumia 920. I've missed Nokia a great deal since the days of the old Nokia brick we all knew and loved.The Operating System:Windows Phone 8 is a very simple and blazingly fast OS. Performing everyday tasks like checking email, texting, calling, and browsing are always just a tap away. Scrolling and screen changes are smooth, and I have not experienced any hitches whatsoever. Although the Windows App store is a bit bare when compared to Apple and Android, it has everything I wanted and more. Heck, I even found a "Tom and Jerry" app that has over 150 episodes for my nephew... for free! Nokia's mapping system and Nokia Drive are great additions as well, giving you turn by turn directions when needed. The mapping system is pretty much on par from what I have previously read, and experienced. The OS is the most fetching overall.Design:What can I say... very sexy phone. The colors are truly striking, and it will definitely stand out when you are standing in a sea of white and black (unless white and black are your thing =P ). The phone is extremely sturdy... sometimes I feel like I can chuck it across the room and worry more about the wall than the phone (although I won't do this of course). Yes, the phone is heavier than the iPhone 5, but honestly, It's not something that bothers me. I find it silly that we are complaining about .3 ounces... really?! That extra .3 ounces is going to throw your shoulder out? First world problems I guess... anyways, I personally like to know my phone is in my pocket (which this phone easily slides into and out of). Also, there is no need for a phone cover for this device. The color on the body goes all the way through, so if there are any scratches, you won't really notice. The gorilla glass also reduces the need for a screen cover. My phone actually feels better in my pocket than my girlfriend's iPhone 5 after she encased it in plastic and put a screen protector on it (like most iPhone owners do).Overall, VERY happy with my purchase, and very happy with ATT. I switched from Verizon, but only because ATT has higher LTE speeds in San Diego than Verizon, and their connection has greatly improved. I've had 0 issues.

It's beautiful.Only WIndows Phone Put People First.But the operating system is not perfact, for example this function Attentive Phone is not available,just like HTC 8X, Hope next update include this feature.

The 920 is the pinnacle of 2 years of refinement that has seen the Windows Phone platform go from shaky endeavor to savvy upstart. While it is not the most popular mobile OS on the market, it is easily the best of all worlds. It bridges a slick and decidely different (in a time when Google and Apple just trade blows and mimic each other)style with app reliability and confidence.- You get the stability and reliability you find with Apple's ecosystem (albeit without the walled-garden approach Cupertino uses to keep a draconian grip on it's developers) without the fear of viruses and malware that can come from the Wild-West-like development environment of Android.- You also get a device that is designed to work in tandem with products and services you use daily (Office, Skype, Social Networks).- Also, make sure to utilize the Groups and Rooms features to communicate with multiple people in your life simultaneously.Windows Phone 8 is the culmination of all of the style and ingenuity that you can ask for, while offering features/services as baked-in aspects. You will quickly find that, while the Microsoft Store is only 150k (more everyday) apps, nearly everything you want is either already a built-in feature or quickly on the way.If you are invested in the Windows ecosystem (Xbox 360, Windows 7/8, Office, etc), then you are doing yourself a disservice by not bridging these devices as they are intended. The Windows Phone 8 platform is there for you as a mobile gateway to all of those products and services. Pick up an Xbox Music Pass for $10/mo to have your playlists and music with you, and also enjoy all the ad-free music you want, regardless of where you happen to be.Ignore the haters, find a handset, and give the platform a test drive. Before you do, head over to youtube and watch a couple videos that highlight different features, so that you know how to operate the phone without the aide of presumably biased floor associates. You will not be sorry that you did.Stop mulling over these damn reviews (especially critics that cannot remove the decade and a half of Anti-Windows stigma from their assessments of current products) and get out there, put hands on the product, and find out for yourself. If you like it, buy it, and remember that Android had to go through the same hoops of iHate before eclipsing the giant consumer mindshare.

OS is great. The device itself keeps shutting down. Once it shuts down will not come back on. had to replace the device twice.

I have this phone for a couple of months now and I just love it, I'm a photographer and used to carry a pocket camera when I didn't have my pro gear with me , Now I only have my phone and the results are excellent. In addition this phone replaces my music player and GPS, It does a great job in all these fields and on top the call quality is great.you can find plenty of information about the features of this phone online so I'll keep it short,Take a look at this video I shot with the Lumia 920 while flying to Catalina Island and judge for yourself. [...] or search on youtube for "Take off from LA to Catalina Island, Shot with Nokia Lumia 920"

Great product - cutting edge technology everywhere. slightly heavy compared to some others, but worth it to have the best camera in any mobile phone.

I just ordered this phone a week back , initially I thought It was too big. Especially after reading the reviews.But a day into using it , the Phone seems perfect, the screen , the size everything.Although the camera isn't as good as advertised , the phone is a truly new Experience. the Nokia specialized apps work great with day to day life usage.It's very very solid Plastic. Seems greatly built. I ended up getting the Glossy White, instead of the Matte black. And I like the New Feel that the glossy white carries even after a week's use.

Solid phone. good battery life. use almost all day work listening to music(6+ hours) and have never had go below 65% battery on a full change. Camera is so good.(even better  with the amber update and no that Nokia gave  the 920 the Lumia 1020 software). Solid windows phone..the one con is still a growing app store but its getting there. and really all it missing is instagram. But if your looking at windows phones you probably don't care about instagram to much.

This is simply the best phone I have ever had. I love the wireless charging, the industry best camera, and Windows 8 operating system. I have been a long time iPhone user, but after 6+ years iOS has become dated. I thought about moving to Android, but I heard about the malware and hardware quality issues with some of the Samsungs. Nokia 920 brings the sexy back to phones! I love it.

I've always been a fan of Windows Phone. I purchased an HTC HD7 in 2010, an HTC Titan in 2011, and now I've moved on to the NOKIA Lumia 920. This phone has impressed me in every way.The call quality, antenna strength, camera, and device performance are all exceptional. The phone is built like a tank, as well.However, there are two points I must make:1. This is a beast of a phone. As far as dimensions go, it is actually slightly larger than the HTC Titan. This isn't an issue for me, as I have large hands, but I can see some people finding the device unwieldy.2. In my opinion, this phone, while utterly amazing, is not worth paying contract-free price for if you are using a Windows Phone 7.5 handset. While I certainly do notice the NOKIA Lumia 920 loads apps faster and has less trouble rendering some web pages, I must say that it does not make my HTC Titan feel slow. Benchmarks place the NOKIA Lumia 920 as being almost 250% as powerful as the HTC Titan, the fastest WP7.x device. This isn't a knock on the NOKIA Lumia 920, but a statement of "don't expect miracles; your Mango-based handset already performed well."As per the title of this review, you should understand that you're getting a phone that is marketed as a direct competitor to flagship devices. Compared with the $300/2 year contract 32 GB iPhone 5, this phone is certainly a fantastic alternative for $100/2 year contract as-per AT&T;.

After looking online at a number of different smartphones i decided to give the new lumia 920 a try.  phone had a lot of positive reviews and was at a pretty cheap price point.  After having the phone for a few weeks now i am shocked that people are talking positively about the phone.  These are either reviews written by microsoft or nokia or no one on here has ever had a smartphone before.  I would return it if i could but will certainly be looking to upgrade as soon as possible.I read about how great the screen was, its not.  When compared side by side with almost every other high-end smartphone its noticeably poorer quality.  Simply pull up an app, a website, anything and just hold it next to another phone and its noticeable.  i dont know maybe people think the quality is good cause they do a good job with screen color contrasting with black and the colors.App store - there is nothing in here.  All of the apps that are in the app store are apps that microsoft and nokia actually built. none of them are native and wont see the same features and functionality from facebook, youtube, etc.  games are a joke, there really is nothing here.  it reminds me of blackberry.  if you dont have access to apps i am not sure what you really do with the phone.  there is no whatsapp.  only real app i could find was skype which makes sense since microsoft owns skype. unless you are happy just using your phone to check email and surf the web (circa blackberry in early 2000s), this is not a modern smartphone.camera - again i read all about how great the low light camera is.  nothing impressive here, pretty similar to other pics i was getting with my s2 or old iphone4.  side by side you cant tell the difference and neither of those phones are even new.I think what i am most frustrated about is the form factor.  this phone is a brick and thats putting it nicely.  thing is really really thick and weighs a ton.  this is more upsetting to me since i actually had a chance to recognize this as a problem and i ignored it.Unless you have never used a cellphone before or are an employee of msft or nokia, there is no way you would want to buy this phone.  i dont care how cheap it is.

If you hate navigating automated phone services as much as I do then this is the phone for you! As soon as I place a call the screen instantly goes black so I don't have to try to work through a series of numerical prompts. I can just sit back and scream obscenities until an operator picks up and connects me with whomever I need to speak.  Brilliant!But what if the automated service doesn't respond to my voice, you ask?  Not to worry! Once the call is connected it's impossible to hang up, and thanks to the Lumia 920's superb microphone, which picks up enough background noise to keep most automated services engaged, I'll be on the line until the SIM card is forcibly removed or the battery dies. And speaking of battery life... wow! If I get tired of yelling I can just put the phone down and let the automated service cycle through all its available prompts until its only remaining option is to connect me with an operator. I can go about my day while the phone does all the work of getting through for me. Talk about convenience!I know, you're probably thinking this sounds too good to be true. I originally thought the same thing, so I stopped by my local AT&T; store to make sure I wasn't paying loads extra for a feature I had unknowingly signed up for. Not at all! In fact, I was kindly assured there was nothing that anyone could do to change it.If you're in the market for a truly smart phone, this one leads the pack by a healthy margin.

What I love about this phone:- Camera: the photos are so awesome, you can sell your point&shoot; camera on ebay after getting this phone.- Nokia apps: I didn't know I needed these apps until I use them: Nokia music, gps, city lens, etc...- Hardware: this baby is fast, fluided, camera button, beautiful screen, rugged, responsive.- Apps: I feel like windows has all the apps I needed, I was worry but now I feel this phone has better apps since there are exclusive nokia apps and ms office apps linked to skydrive (cloud storage). There are also Xbox games connect (I do not have a xbox, but a plus for those who do to link your games)- seamless integration with what you do and serve it better than iphone and android.  Emails, live titles, less swipes to get things done.Cons:- it can't do dishes, or cook.  However, with ms office and skydrive, you can organize your routine better and have time to cook and clean!  Love this phone!

Had my eye on this phone for awhile now but was waiting for the price drop.  Wish i would not have waited so long!  My previous phone was a Samsung focus and this is so much better.  Great camera, quality feel, much better touch response.

+ same price against rivals+location services+ camera technology+ upload new camera firmware fix!-wireless charging pad costs way too much vs. producing one uniti hope you make more lenses for camera use and use rich recording more!

The Nokia Lumia 920 is a great phone.  I only have one regret with it, but the phone itself can't be blamed.I have to carry a Blackberry for work so I have been avoiding wasting money on a personal phone for years.  I have a Samsung Galaxy media player that I really like and have been using for a while.  It is only WIFI though and I find myself constantly tying to find hotspots and wishing I could regularly use some of the features.  For Christmas my wife convinced me to go ahead and get a Smartphone.  I also have an IPAD2 for work and an Android tablet for home, so I am well versed in all of the operating systems out there.  With that said I had been looking at the Windows phones for a while and really liked the look so I broke down and got one.  I couldn't be happier, of course that will probably change once the monthly bill starts coming in.First the phone itself.  I love it!  It is solid and responsive.  It operates extremely quickly.  It feels comfortable in my hands.  It has a great camera, 8.7 megapixels, and has Image stabilization for low light shots.  That fact and the Carl Zeiss lens were huge selling points for me.  I am a professional photographer and one of the things I was looking forward to is not having to carry my hug camera around all of the time when I was just out running around with the family and wanted to do some happy snaps.  Being a photographer it is tough to judge the camera because I know what it would look like if I shot it with my pro gear, but I will tell you it is pretty good.  As good as if not better than most point and shoots cameras out there.  You can even make manual exposure adjustments; change the ISO and white balance.  The best part is the ability to edit it right on the phone with the software and instantly upload it to FB.  It all worked like a charm.The 4G seems to work quickly.  I try to use it on WIFI most of the time though, but it is great to now have the Internet access no matter where I am.  It helps me keep up with the Metro trains so I get there on time instead of just missing a train and having to wait forever.The screen is beautiful.  Movies and photos look great on it.  I can't imagine needing anything else on a small phone.  I can watch HD movies and they look and sound great.32 GB's of memory and you can use the cloud drive.Battery life is pretty good.  No Smartphone is great but this one meets my needs with no issues.  I have only been close to dead before the end of the day once and I have been playing with it a lot.  The one time it ran extremely low was when I was running GPS.  It eats the battery pretty bad.  I took a three hour round trip using it both ways and it was at critical level by 11:00 that night.  That is easily solved though by having a charger in the car.  In full disclosure I turn off the wifi and 4G when I know I am not going to be connecting to the Internet so it isn't draining the battery for no reason.It charges wirelessly.  I really thought it was kind of a gimmick and a waste until I started using it.  I love it.  You just place the phone down and done.  It seems lazy and stupid, but trust me after a couple days you will never plug it in again nor will you want too.Video shoots in either 720 or 1080P.Best part of the hardware is the price.  Amazon has it for $39.99 with activation.On to Windows.  I love it!  Yes it may not be as fully customizable as Android, but I am willing to bet most people out there have no idea how to or even attempt to fully customize their phones.  It is absolutely customizable though.  You can add favorite photos that will be used as backgrounds, you can change the appearance of your tiles in size and color, and you can align everything where you want it placed.  It is extremely easy to do.The live tiles are great.  You will see the actual text messages without even opening the app.  Your contacts sync with Facebook and display their facebook profile on the tile.  The weather will show you the current temp and condition without even opening the app.  It works great.  Yes there are widgets in Android, but the Windows phone is easier to use and setup.It integrates fully with Office and comes already installed.There are a ton of apps with more coming.  Anything you can do on an Android or Iphone you can do on this.  Are all the apps the same, no, but they are there.  This includes many that are better.  Nokia provides you with an actual GPS navigation app that you can download the maps you need for the state or "country" you want ahead of time on a wifi network so that you are not using your data plan up on navigation.  It is fully customizable too for walking and driving and fastest/shortest routes and others.  I just wish it actually said the street names like my Garmin, but maybe they will fix that in an update.  It does display the street names though.Nokia has a ton of other great apps for it as well.  The photo editing apps work well and it has a great Nokia Music app.  It also has Nokia City Lens that you can hold the phone up and it will show you everything that is around you like food and shopping and provide phone numbers, directions, and reviews.  It is great if you are in a new area and just out hunting for something around you which I love to do a lot.  There are a ton more.Overall I absolutely love the look and feel of Windows phone 8.  I really think they got it right.  It is extremely simple to navigate and set up.  You can make it look however you want.  All of the function work well.  The phone integrates with it perfectly.  As I said I have an IPad 2 so I know the Iphone functions and I have the Galaxy player, which is the exact same thing as the Galaxy phones, so I know the Android functions.  I completely prefer Windows.  I know there are a lot of haters out there who will be little these phones simply because they hate Windows and will never even touch one to give it a fair comparison.  They have to have their IPhone so that they can be trendy not even understanding why.  I guarantee if they try Android and especially Windows and give it a true honest test they will be totally happy.  Just maybe not feel as popular.  Now there was one negative with the phone.Now the bad; it is on AT&T.;  I rarely ever get a full signal especially indoors.  I am in an apartment only maybe 25 feet from my huge windows in a huge city and I don't get a full signal.  With that said it has gone from three to four bars the last couple days.  Still I run into limited signal strength at times where my wife on T-Mobiles Wal-Mart branded "Family Talk" plan gets a strong signal.  AT&T; supposedly has the faster Internet network though.  That I can't verify because my wife's phone is still 3G.  I probably should have bought the phone outright and taken it to another network, but it does work and I may have a low signal, but I still usually have one.  I am also told AT&T; is building heavily onto their network infrastructure and in soon it will be extremely strong and reliable.  Call quality is good, but I haven't used it enough yet to make a judgment on dropped calls.  None as of now.The other absolute minimal issue is the size.  Some may find this an issue I don't at all.  The phone feels absolutely solid.  I like the fact it has a little weight to it.  The HTC 8X just feels to light to me and a little flimsy.  Now for a female maybe that will be a bigger issue, but I am not sure about that either because my wife preferred the size and feel of the 920 too.  It is a solid tank.  After only have it a day I was doing some video and the thing shot out of my hand and bounced down a couple cement steps without hardly a scratch on it.  You would have to look hard to see where it initially hit the ground.  I have the same confidence in its build that I do in my blackberry.The last item I would HIGHLY recommend a case for it.  It needs a little grip.  It is too slick hence the flying out of my hands, but that is a non issue.  You can find a case that adds almost no size onto it.  You won't need an insane heavy duty one because the phone is so well built.Conclusion:This is an absolutely great phone and operating system that I give 5+ stars too.  I can't quit playing with it.  The bottom line is if you can care less about how you look and simply want a well functioning phone that is a blast to use, has great and useful apps, and is extremely easy to set up and use then go with a Windows 8 phone you won't regret it.

Had to return the phone. There are quite a number of major flaws that are not acceptable for 2013 smartphone's standards. BATTERY LIFE IS HORRIBLE. Nokia packed so much tech, and a huge battery but that still didn't help. A lot of headphones with built-in mic don't work. Volume sometimes works only for music and not for phone ringtone, and vise versa. Still no Apps. LTE works like crap on AT&T;, and I only had 9Mbs down while my friends iPhone 5 on AT&T; same LTE was getting close to 22MBs!!! Nokia maps and Bing integration just blows more than Apple's Maps fiasco. I searched for a club that was 2 blocks away from me, the phone found another club, 5 miles away with different name. For a smartphone, it's quite dumb. Micro USB cable charges fast only if you use the one that came with the phone, which is BS. Typing is not faster than iPhone and way behind than Android Jelly Bean keyboard. Voice commands sound more like a gimmick and had no real use for me, maybe for someone who's blind or disabled, even then it doesn't understand what you tell the phone to do.Microsoft is loosing the game quite badly, come on. Software company with so much development and research can figure these things out.

Too many issues! First, it scratched immediately! I had my Droid 2 for *two* years before I got a scratch on it! I've been more careful with the 920 but it has multiple scratches from careful handling- poor!!! I have other devices with &#34;gorilla glass&#34; and they haven't scratched. Nokia's gorilla glass is sub standard!No apps! Bing Maps is HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!! Worse than useless!!!Volume in calls and speaker phone- too low!Cannot set specific volume for incoming call ring, incoming call volume, or notifications, etc. How hard is this? I don't want every text notification super loud but I don't want to have to turn up the volume each time someone calls.Can't set your own notification sounds. And at first you couldn't even hear the ring tones or notifications tones to choose the sound!No cursor while typing. You have to retype the whole word! And since it adds a 'b' everytime the space bar is hit, that is a PAIN!!!Battery randomly just completely exhausts itself. Same environment day& useage after day, one day the phone is 50% by 5pm, next day dead. No predictability! No good warning the phone is low either!The phone is slippery! It tries to slide out of pockets! I've caught it but one day it will fall... wonder if it will survive that and how many scratches the &#34;gorilla&#34; glass will have then....Won't turn sidewise for larger keyboard in many apps like Facebook.Syncs poorly with email. To avoid data issues I have to choose the sync every 15min instead of constant and it doesn't even keep all my email on the phone. If I want to go to a folder, I have to download that specific folder! Really? Why don't I have acces to my email like I did with Blackberry and Droid??If I'm typing an email, text, or Facebook post and the phone goes to sleep, the text typed is lost :(Did I mention the no apps?? Seriously, no good shopping list, can't use Google maps, the Calendar app is weak with minimal ability to adjust events no ability for multiple reminders.Sure, they have their own Cloud but I don't want everything on the Cloud. I want things on my phone where I have quicker acces and don't pay more data useage fees. Shame on AT&T; for making the phone function to increase data useage!!! Way to screw your customer. I also don't care who owns Google, Bing or whatever. I've had a gmail account for years. So have many people. All phone companies should make thier phones work well with standard emails such as gmail, hotmail... I want to access Drive easily as well. I do not want to have to switch to a new provider each time I get a new phone, or stick to one brand of phone. The propietary stuff is ridiculous, antiquated and serves no customer. Get with the program and make phones that are work for customers and don't try to lock people into one thing.All in all- this phone is *NOT* ready for Prime Time and a severe disappointment. It's 2months old, and looks like 2yrs old with hard use. Since there are no apps and so many problems/bugs, it spends more time sitting quietly than any other phone I've had so how does it look so bad so quickly.

Coming from an iPhone and mostly a mac user for the last 3 or 4 years I was nervous about making the change to Windows 8. I was sick of Apple's closed off walled garden, the fact that they took away excellent maps and replaced them with something completely unusable (buggy and if you live in the city no longer has public transportation info). On top of that they had the arrogance to change their proprietary connector that they forced on everyone and changed it to yet another proprietary connector!!! I got the Nokia 920 and after less than a day of using it I would never even consider going back to an iPhone again! Compared to Windows 8 the Apple system feels like a toy. The maps and nokia apps are awesome and so far I've been able to find any app I've wanted. Software is intuitive and has far more customizable options. I love this phone!

No way around it. I'm obsessed with my lumia. There are not enough words, just try it. Can't wait for 928 on verizon too!!

This is really a great phone. Elegant construction, very classy. The PureView camera is awesome, and the screen is the best I have seen. It is really easy to read in the sunlight, and the colors just "pop." As a GREAT added plus, you get Nokia Drive and Maps for free, which are the best there is. Free streaming music from Nokia Music app (ad-free), is just another killer bonus. Plus, Nokia does not abandon you once you buy their phones; they are the best when it comes to pushing software updates to their customers.Finally, go look online for the drop test videos. Remarkable. This thing is solid. About as unbreakable as a phone can get. No bumper-covers needed for this baby. Overall, a great phone from a great company.

Just changen iPhone 5 for Nokia Lumia 920 and have to say few words: AWESOME AMAZING BEST PHONE ever made. Don't have to use stupid charge cable ever again:) Nokia is BACK

This is a fantastic phone!  It is very capable, easy to use, and stylish.  Here's why.Lumia 920's screen with its brilliant colors is simply gorgeous.  Clear Black technology uses dual polarizes to reduce reflections and increase contrast.  This makes the screen very easy to see outdoors, with no glare.  When indoors, it just makes the contrast that much better, resulting in a more vivid picture.  Display brightness is adjusted automatically for the bright-light and low-light conditions (but you can change display settings manually, too).  In this model, Nokia went with an IPS screen, which has excellent viewing angles.  This comes in very handy when you want to show photos on your phone to a group of people, or if you are taking a photo and need to move the phone high above your head or very low.  The screen works together with the body to make this a stylish, eye-catching phone.This phone is very well built with its polycarbonate body and scratch-resistant Gorilla Glass screen.  Buttons are ceramic, not plastic.  The back of the phone is curved, making it nice to hold.  The Gorilla Glass screen is also slightly curved, rather than flat.  This makes the finger slide more easily on the screen.  All in all, Lumia 920 feels very solid and gives off an impression of a high-end device.A unique feature among modern smartphones is the Super Sensitive Touch Display.  This technology allows you to use the touchscreen while wearing gloves.  No doubt, a great thing not just in Finland, but any place that has winter.The Windows Phone OS is new and refreshing in the sea of Apple and iOS phones.  The live tiles bring real-time data right to the main screen without having to start an app.  Live tiles are visually very appealing and can be resized and arranged on the screen to your liking.  I find this a far better interface than icons on the other OSs.  I can access anything I need with one or two taps.  I also like how all my data feeds are integrated into the people hub.  I can jump from a friend's text message to the emails I exchanged with them, to their recent facebook updates; their phone numbers and address are right there, too, so that I can quickly call them or even get driving directions.  Everything is integrated so seamlessly.  Compare this to other OSs, in which each of these actions would require you to start a separate app and navigate within the app.The 8.7 MP, PureView camera is made for taking high quality pictures.  Lumia 920 uses Carl Zeiss Tessar optics and has real optical picture stabilization (which works better than digital picture stabilization).  The low-light performance is phenomenal.  There is a dedicated hardware camera button.  Pressing the camera button brings you directly to the camera app.  Even from the lock screen!  You can half-press the button to autofocus, then press it fully to take a shot, just like with a regular digital camera.  Or you can tap on the screen, causing the phone to auto-focus on the object you tapped and immediately take the picture.  Fully automatic mode works great, but the phone also offers the full complement of manual settings.Expect to charge your battery every night.  This is normal for smart phones.  You can charge the phone by simply placing it on a charge pad.  No need to connect any wires; also the charge pad with no dangling wires looks neater then a regular charger.  If you do want to use a cable to charge, the cable is the standard micro-USB.  No need to buy proprietary cables and chargers, like you do with certain manufacturer whose names starts with "a" and is a fruit.  When travelling, I can pack just one charge and use it for my Lumia and for my wife's blackberry.There was one thing lacking in all Windows Phones that almost made me stay away from this great phone, but I found a third party program, called Akruto Sync, which fixes it.  Windows Phone does not allow synchronization between Outlook and the phone using a USB cable.  This means that if you want to edit your phonebook, calendar, or to-do list on your PC (and you do want that, or you'll have to enter your entire phonebook into your new phone by hand), Microsoft expects you to store them on Microsoft's servers in the cloud.  This is meant to be more convenient (no wires), but I have no desire to store my personal information on someone else's servers.  After much searching I found Akruto Sync, which offers the best of both worlds.  It syncs over Wi-Fi or Internet, but your data is stored on your own PC, not on their server.  With Akruto Sync, I can enjoy this outstanding phone.Lumia 920 is a top of the line phone with first-class hardware and software.  Well done, Nikia!

_________________________________________A not-so-serious review first:Lumia 920 >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> iPHone 532GB ---------------------------------------------32GB$99------------------------------------------------$299Master Maps-------------------------------------Mess-up MapsOffline GPS---------------------------------------iLostPublic transit guide for global traveler ------iLonely and secretly flirt with SiriPureView Camera-------------------------------PurpleView CameraClear lowlight photos---------------------------My party photos are drunker(fuzzier) than yoursAnti-scratch--------------------------------------Full-ScratchSurvives a fall-----------------------------------The poor pretty thing!Gets the job done-------------------------------What job?Good for normal people-----------------------Good for Apple worshipersNokia: "Sorry, we will update"-----------------Apple: "You're holding it wrong!"Clear view under direct sunlight--------------Is my phone on?4.5" viewing asset-------------------------------Squint retinallyWireless charger--------------------------------Where is my this-year's-special cable?Touchscreen wearing gloves-----------------Cut a hole on gloveA more serious review follows:Having used the phone for a while now, I'd like to provide a more objective assessment. I give ratings below first, followed by detailed explanations.  The rating numbers are on a scale of 10.  A score of "10" means it is not only the best but also has no apparent need to improve, and a score less than "10" just means there is room to improve but does not necessarily mean another product is better. The numbers in the parentheses are for iPhone 5 as a reference.RATINGS-------------  Lumia 920 (vs. iPhone 5)Call Quality --------------------10 (8)  Uncompromising call quality from Nokia, a true phone companyInstant Messaging------------10 (10)  Big improvement over WP7; group messaging and MMSE-Mail-----------------------------9 (7) WP8 has the best enterprise-ready e-mail clientSkype and VoIP calls----------9 (7)  International VoIP calls a reality with on WP8Contact Management---------9 (6)  WP8's multi-contact aggregator and integrator the bestEntertainment-----------------10 (10)  Too much already, what more could you wantSocial Networking--------------9 (8)  Facebook integration is an edgeWeb browsing------------------9 (8)  IE10 is outstandingShopping------------------------7 (9)  Comes from Apple's apps edgeNavigation-----------------------8 (5)  Apple's first Maps is actually impressive, but see discussionsProductivity---------------------6 (3)  Not there yet, but at least WP8 can do some workScreen--------------------------10 (8) Lumia 920 has the best looking screen consumers have ever seenCamera--------------------------9 (7)  In its own leagueBuild quality-------------------10 (8) You might have trouble to say goodbye to Lumia 920 two years laterThermal performance---------8 (8)  CompetitiveBattery life----------------------5 (5)  All need improvement badly in this areaOS reliability--------------------9.9 (9.5)  WP8 never even freezes, much less crashesOS fluency----------------------9.5 (9)  Ice-skating with WP8, and floor dancing with iOS, I much prefer the formerOS flexibility/customization---8 (8)  Android is the kingOS refinement------------------7.5 (9.5)  Microsoft is still no Apple on refined detailsOS apps ecosystem-----------6 (9.5)  iOS rules for nowCurrent Fashion Index--------0 (11)To ease your reading, I'll put the conclusion first before the detailed sections.CONCLUSION:  Laying aside the nitpicking, I am in love with my Lumia. There are so many great phones today that it has become a problem to choose one. But the top WP8 phone is the choice by both my brain and my heart. If I were a bit geekier, I might have gone with Android; and if I didn't have to work I might have gone with iPhone. But this is my phone. It's for a practical man with a taste.  I hesitated when Lumia 800 came out, knowing that it would be incompatible with WP8. Now Lumia 920 is such an attractive package. I don't think I'll change my phone anytime soon, although I do hope that there would be some nice updates from both Microsoft and Nokia to make this phone even better.1. CALL QUALITYIt is a phone after all. The call quality of Lumia 920 is absolutely top-notch. The voice is so clear it puts my landline cordless phone to shame. Nokia knows how to make phones. They are the true phone company. The HAAC microphones (Rich Recording Mic) are not your ordinary microphones on cell phones. A different league. The speakerphone is pretty good too, quite loud and clear. In fact I once had a conference call using the speakerphone with several people on my side, and it worked out fine.2. E-MAILOverall, WP8 has the best mobile e-mail. Windows Phone has an inherent advantage in e-mail, especially work e-mails. Apple does not own a popular e-mail service, and can only support third-party e-mails. Android enjoys the excellent Gmail, but Gmail does not have a strong foothold in the workplace.WP8 has deep integration of Exchange, Office 365's Outlook e-mail, Hotmail and Live Mail on Windows Phone.  WP8 further has excellent integration with the popular Gmail and Yahoo Mail.  All this results in an e-mail client that is more capable and efficient than other platforms. To name a few, contact management, contact synchronization, message management, message synchronization, file management, attachment management, folder management, conversation thread management, and e-mail search, are significantly better on Windows Phone e-mail. The difference is far deeper than appearance.  If you handle e-mails with some degree of sophistication, you will appreciate the difference.I travel with both my iPad and Windows Phone. Unless I am using my computer, I usually reach out for the Windows Phone for e-mails instead of the iPad, despite the fact that the e-mails on iPad have so much better readability. This wasn't the case before when I used an iPhone. To just read a recent e-mail, the iPad is an obvious choice. But you don't just read a recent e-mail. Work e-mails have history and threads, and they need to be searchable, and fully synchronized with your computer, and that's where the Windows Phone shines.For example, if you just read or deleted an e-mail on you phone, you want the status to synchronize with the server and other devices, otherwise you end up paying attention to the same e-mail too many times or having to delete the same e-mail multiple times. For another example, if you need to search to find an older e-mail which is not stored on your phone (due to memory conservation, mobile devices do not download and keep a copy of every e-mail in the past), you want your mobile e-mail to give you an opportunity to search e-mails on the server. WP8 does these perfectly.I also like the fact that Windows Phone has a separate live tile with a customized icon for each e-mail account. I don't like the idea of mixing my work e-mail and personal e-mail in the same box, or even under the same icon. I need a clean definition of territories. Of course, if you intend to combine e-mails, you can do that as well on WP8. Flexibility.3. SKYPE AND NON-CELLULAR SERVICE DEPENDENT PHONE CALLSSkype, owned by Microsoft now, is an important function on WP. Microsoft also makes a Skype app for iOS, but the app is still not nearly as good as the integrated Skype on the Windows Phone.If you use Skype Pro and/or Skype Out, you can actually make phone calls anywhere in the world as long as you have Wi-Fi or cellular data connection. I'm not talking about Skype-to-Skype calls. I'm talking about calling real phone numbers. (This works only with Skype Pro; the free Skype account can only make online Skype calls). No cellular phone connection is required with Skype Pro on Windows Phone.Take an international trip you will understand what I'm saying. Being able to call home and work at international airports *without* a SIM card for the local service is a major convenience. Even if you already have got a local SIM card, using Skype Pro on Windows Phone to make calls on the 3G/4G data service is still a great convenience because it costs only two cents a minute, less than 1/20 of the cost for international calls made on a regular cell phone.  It also works other way around. You can make international calls from the US using Skype Pro on your Windows Phone for two cents a minute.Cheap international calls anywhere on your cell phone (and enjoying the integrated phone contacts) - I hope this concept registers with you.4. CONTACT MANAGEMENTThe People Hub on the Windows Phone deserves a separate mentioning. This is by and large the best contact management on a cell phone (WebOS users might have an issue with the statement). It automatically integrates all the contacts from different sources (e-mails, Skype and Facebook) and provides the best accessibility and connectivity on a mobile device.This significantly betters iOS, which has a pretty address book and good editing capabilities, but very little beyond that. When it comes to multi-source contacts integration, accessibility and connectivity, the People Hub on WP is much superior to iOS's contact management.For example, iOS address book has links to internal phone numbers and e-mail addresses, but basically that's it. It does not have active links to external phone numbers (e.g.,contacts pulled from e-mail accounts), Skype contacts, and Facebook friends, etc.. In the People Hub, all these have active links, meaning that they provide a single click connection.In addition, People Hub pulls contacts from Skype, which iOS does not do at all.  If you use Skype, especially Skype Pro, you'd suffer a disconnection on iOS.Both address books link contact addresses to maps, but the Apple maps is essentially dysfunctional in this respect. Apple hasn't really spent time to make sure this function actually works (they have been focused on making the thing look pretty). It doesn't work most of the time.  Unless you have entered the contact address in a particular manner, clicking the address will result in a "not found" on the maps. The People Hub works perfectly with maps.Under the hood,  this is actually a search algorithm issue, not a user interface issue. Like Google,  Microsoft knows search. It shows.5. PRODUCTIVITYWindows Phone 8 wins this important area hands down, not because it is so good, but because others are so bad. The major thing is the Office App and OneNote App, and their integration with the excellent and generous (but underrated) SkyDrive. This allows Windows Phone to do the most essential things for productivity. WP8 further integrates Office 365 and SkyDrive perfectly. If you or your company subscribe to Office 365 and use the cloud versions of the OneNote, Office, Outlook, TeamSite and SharePoint, the productivity is boosted to a whole new level. The iPhone and Android simply cannot provide that kind of productivity. Even if you don't use Office 365, getting the Windows Live and Skydrive would already be the best productive user experience because of the integration with the Web version of Office.I hear people say that they can use an Office-emulating app to do some work on the iPhone (or Android). But no. For serious work, it simply doesn't work. You open a document (Word or PowerPoint, for example), do a slight editing, thinking that you have saved a bit time working on your smart phone, but only to later discover (or be told by an upset colleague) that you changed the subtle aspects of the formatting and styling of the document. That doesn't work for me, nor for anyone I work with. Work environment cannot allow this. The fundamental difference is that the Office App on WP8 and Office Web version have complete compatibility with the traditional Office, while other apps don't. They are built on different foundations. Microsoft's mobile renditions of Office may lack many features of the full Office, but they are completely compatible with it, and that's extremely important. When it comes to work documents, compatibility is more important than feature set.Overall, if documents and e-mails are just different ways of casual "instant messaging" to you, the iPhone is fine. But if documents and e-mails are a work tool to you, Windows Phone is the way to go.6. NAVIGATIONFirst of all, for those who miss Bing Maps, your Windows Phone still has it. It's only two taps away: tap the Bing search button (hardware button on the right side at the bottom), and then tap the "Local Scout" button (on the left side of the three on the search page).In addition to Bing Maps, Nokia offers a set of navigation apps including Nokia Maps, Nokia Drive, Transit, and City Lens. They together offer excellent navigation, better than Bing Maps alone, and also better than what iOS has to offer.Apple's first map is actually impressive with good features and of course great looks. But as Google has said, doing maps is hard. It's years of exercise versus a morning makeup. Currently, Apple Maps does have a problem. The reports of Apple's terrible map performance are related to map data inaccuracy and map search algorithms. Those Apple fans who refute such reports by claiming that they haven't experienced any problems are missing the point. Unlike other software in which a test is usually universal, your map test results only have to do with the location you tried, and only proves that the map is OK in that one location. When there is a problem at another location, there is a problem. And Apple has a lot of such problems reported. The company acknowledges it. They're not fools.  I don't know how fast Apple can improve on that. Data and fundamental algorithms are far more than just doing some programming to add skins. They might need to shell out a billion dollars to buy up.Compared to the excellent Google Maps, Nokia's navigation solution is mixed. It's worse in some ways, but better in other ways. Google shines on map data, especially in the North America segment, no question about it. Google's superiority in search is also reflected in its maps. The app overall feels more mature and advanced, further boosted by is far greater user base (which they earned).But Nokia has several important things on its side. The segmented downloadable maps for off-line GPS is a unique and significant advantage for Nokia. The reliable integration with contact addresses (People Hub) is another. The multi-angle approach of Nokia's navigation app set suits user's particular need better. Nokia also has comparable map data (although arguably slightly inferior North America segment) and mature map algorithms.Nokia's navigation solution comes with several separate apps. In comparison, Google puts everything under Google Maps. I like Nokia's way of tasking.  The Nokia apps are meant to be connected (they need to work more on that). You start with one app, but may transit to another when you need it. If done right, Nokia's approach could directly put the user at the best leveraging angle depending on the actual situation, using a specific app with the most suited user interface to maximize the user experience. Some people complain about it either because of their unfamiliarity with this design or their dissatisfaction with the current execution. I hope Nokia doesn't change this good concept, but just keeps on perfecting the apps and improving the integration under this framework.An often overlooked but significant feature Nokia offers is downloadable maps segmented according to regions. Once downloaded to your phone's local storage, the maps are fully functional off-line even when you don't have any cellular network or WiFi access. That could be a matter of getting or not getting to the destination. If you don't think this is important, I don't know what is. Even when cellular network is present, the off-line GPS map means big savings on your data usage.With the downloaded maps, the navigation on Lumia 920 may replace standalone GPS units. It has vastly better user interface to start with.  Address search, which is probably the most frustrating thing on standalone GPS units, is far better on Nokia Drive. The overall user experience is superior despite its lack of a few features. But if you need a dedicated GPS unit constantly mounted in the car, that's a different story.If you happen to be at a place without a car (Americans, have you traveled to other places in the world? People don't always drive), try Nokia Transit, which provides detailed guide for public transportation of cities around the world.Nokia takes navigation seriously. They have had an excellent maps tradition and accumulated expertise with Symbian-based cell phones. Considering that they jumped on the WP ship only recently, I'm confident that they will make this whole thing even better in a quite fast pace.7. THE SCREENBoth Lumia 920 and iPhone 5 have gorgeous screens, but the Lumia is still better. The viewability under direct sunlight is noticeably better on Lumia 920. Both are extremely clear for text and webpage rendering, but Lumia 920 works much better in the portrait mode because of its greater viewing dimension.And Lumia 920 has touchscreen capability when you wear gloves. This may come handy in very cold winter outdoors. But for me, the usefulness is more than during the winter. To protect my hands from suffering  painful skin and split fingernails, I often need to wear a glove on my right hand while I'm doing air traveling. Lumia 920 is the only phone that I can use wearing a glove. It is not a gimmick at all.8. THE CAMERALumia 920 has the best cell phone camera on the market, leading by a significant margin, except for Nokia's own PureView 808 which is a different type of device.  I say this very objectively. Those who don't see the difference either didn't test it under right conditions, or simply can't tell the differences in photo quality. Lumia 920 is the only smartphone camera that can take decent concert (or party) photos and videos. Its lowlight performance is at least two ISO stops (that's 4 times) better than the iPhone 5.  This is primarily due to Nokia's unique pixel binning technology further combined with image stabilization. Neither Nokia nor Apple makes the camera sensors (Sony does), but the photo quality is not only about the sensor itself. Nokia has a tremendous technological and patent advantage in this area.By the way, stop comparing which camera has more megapixels. High MP is a trick used by camera makers to tax on consumer ignorance, and in most cases has very little correlation to picture quality. On cell phones in particular, there are several reasons why it's meaningless to pursue higher MP count. First, no tiny lens on a cell phone is capable of optically resolving pixel numbers beyond 5MP. I challenge you to find a scientific test to prove otherwise. Second, because of the very small sensor sizes, low light performance is a far bigger problem than the number of pixels. Third, you don't need more than 2MP on a cell phone. Generally, photos taken by smart phones are only used for screen viewing instead of making large prints. Even 2MP would be plenty. For web posting, a high-quality 1MP photo would look far better than a lousy 10MP photo.I'm not saying that a smaller pixel number is a good thing in itself. On the contrary, I'm just saying that for a given sensor technology, pixel density is the best sacrifice to make if the goal is to take better pictures with a cell phone camera sensor.  Most consumers don't realize that for any given sensor technology, an increase of pixel density comes at the expense of lowlight performance and dynamic range. (Many people intuitively reject this notion, reasoning that it does not make sense that lowlight performance and dynamic range would be affected by pixel density as you can always downsample. But to understand this, you must stop treating pixels as abstract geometrical concepts but actual engineered photosites with optically dead physical boundaries. That is a different topic though.)Every time when the sensor chip technology is improved, they usually have two options: (1) increase the lowlight performance and dynamic range by keeping the same pixel density, or (2) increase the pixel density (to get a greater MP count for a given sensor size) by holding back the real performance. Unfortunately they usually choose the latter because the MP count is a much more marketable gimmick.So instead of honest value, we now have the madness of smartphones reaching and going beyond 10MP with little meaningful result but unnecessarily bad lowlight performance, poor dynamic range, and a big waste of storage, data usage and processing time. Had they focused on real performances on 2-4MP sensors with a generous sensor size permissible on smartphones, we would have now had much more useful cameras on these gadgets.In this regard, Nokia is doing great in spite of (not because of) joining the megapixel race, again thanks to its pixel binning technology and image stabilization.9. BUILD QUALITYNokia 920 is a marvelous piece of engineering and manufacturing. Both Nokia 920 and iPhone 5 have a premium appearance, only very different flavors. But the Nokia is without question tougher. I say this not because Nokia is heavier. They use different materials. In choosing materials, these two companies have very different philosophies. Apple always goes after materials that enable extremely slim and light products, while Nokia has always been concerned of durability.If you are already conditioned to update your phone every year, you are an ideal Apple-kind person already. But still, hold your iPhone dearly and don't drop it. I have an iPad 3 that was accidentally dropped from a sofa sidetable to a hard floor head-down. I was completely shocked by the amount of damage it caused. I was expecting a dent on the edge or at worst a crack on the screen, but the whole thing was smashed like glass. That's when I discovered that the iPod 3 uses a glasslike material even for the frame, which looks great, but, just don't drop it.So you might actually need a case for your iPhone.  Lumia 920 does not need one. In fact, I can't imagine a case for Lumia 920 without ruining its gorgeous appearance.10. THE DESIGNThis is completely subjective. But I personally feel iPhone 5 is too youthful and delicate, and better in a hand of a teenager, while the Samsung Galaxy S3 too rounded and has no character. I love the overall masculine (but gentle and absolutely not rough) and squarely straight style of Lumia 920.  Go to YouTube to hear Marko Ahtisaari of Nokia articulating the design philosophy.11. THERMAL BEHAVIOR AND BATTERY LIFEThe Nokia 920 does not run hot, thankfully. This is one thing I was particularly worried after the bad experience with the Dell Venue Pro which had disgusting thermal performance and power management.Battery life is good, although not excellent, comparable to other top performers such as iPhone 5.  If there would be an improvement that could persuade me to change my phone again, it would be a new phone that could last at least a couple of busy days without recharging. I am not a heavy mobile user, but I'm out on a trip quite often.  The battery life of my cell phone is among the biggest mental burdens while traveling. Unfortunately, it looks like battery life is not what these companies are focusing on at this time.12. APPSiPhone wins by a large margin in terms of app number. Although a vast majority of apps are junk on both systems, there are some great apps on both; iOS just has more due to its sheer larger base. So it seems that most people will need to sacrifice a few apps by choosing Windows Phone platform for now. I'm missing quite a few useful apps on the Windows Phone, and make up the deficiency by using the iPad. Windows Phone also has some very good apps that are missing on iOS (in addition to Nokia apps and Microsoft apps), although not as critical.The most important app I miss on the Windows Phone is a decent PDF reader. Microsoft rushed out its own PDF reader, which works for basic reading but has some serious limitations. I hope Adobe or a third-party releases a better PDF reader on WP8 soon. This is a big pain point.However, none of these missing apps has the kind of importance comparable to that of navigation and productivity. To me, the choice is clear. I think it's misleading to do "bean counting" the small things of each system. You've got to have priority. If you need one function that has a dominating priority, then one million less useful "apps" would no longer matter.Despite the relative minor changes in appearance from WP7 to WP8, Windows Phone 8 has got a much better foundation in the program architecture than WP7.  With the Windows NT kernel and 90% source code compatibility with Windows RT, the app future looks good.13. FLUENCY AND EFFICIENCY OF THE OPERATING SYSTEMWindows Phone 8 on Lumia 920 beats iOS on iPhone 5 in terms of fluency and efficiency. WP has a hardware "Back" button in addition to the Home button, while iPhone has just a Home button. This has a significant impact on the flow of operation.  I know this is rather subjective, but one thing that particularly bothers me on the iOS is that it requires you to always go back to the home button. You can't directly go back to another place you have just visited. You always have to go back home and start from there again. I remember Steve Jobs proudly making a big point out of it. Theoretically, going back home and then to the last app takes only two steps, but problem is that when you have multiple pages of apps, it causes a bit of hesitation to locate an app.Both iOS's "double-clicking Home" and WP's "long-pressing back button" give you a nice quick list of the opened apps to simplify the selection of apps, but still the additional "Back" button functionality WP is very much appreciated.Another thing that impacts the efficiency is the management of installed apps. The iOS manages installed apps in a simplistic way with much emphasis on the appearance not the functionality. Windows Phone has a much more sophisticated way. The installed apps are directly and separately searchable, and are also automatically organized under alphabetical categories that can be quickly accessed through a single page grid (which itself is accessible by a single swipe). If you have less than 20 installed apps, you will see no difference. If you have about 20-50, the difference would start to show. With 50-100, it becomes apparent, and beyond 100, the difference would be huge. The more apps you install, the greater the difference would be. So power users will find this an advantage on Windows Phone.When you come to think of it, the above may be the reasons why the iOS is so intuitive for beginners, but less efficient for more experienced users. On user interfaces, these two things often conflict. I can see why many like the flow design of iOS, but I prefer WP8's flow much better.14.  CUSTOMIZATIONIt almost sounds silly that one of the biggest improvements WP8 has over WP7 is adding some smaller sized tiles. Hardly innovative, but it makes a big difference, largely speaking against the old design. I don't like those big tiles. I simply don't think any app deserves that much attention, especially in such a uniquely precious small room. I customized my start page to have all tiles in quarter size except for the phone button. Thank you, Microsoft, for allowing such basic freedom. My start space is now much more efficiently used and no longer a victim of the almost tyrant "less is more" so-called clean design philosophy.The level of customization further down is mostly on par with the iOS.  Android would still have an edge over both, but I think this is got to a very reasonable level already.But I do have one big complaint against Windows Phone:  With WP8, you still can't turn off that stupid screen auto-rotation. You simply can't so far. No user settings has that. No app that does that. Even unlocked phone can't do that. Forgive me to call auto-rotation feature stupid. But it is one of those tech-things that make no sense on a mobile phone, precisely because a mobile phone is just so, mobile. The problem is that these device designers fail to understand that the proper (or desired) orientation of the screen simply cannot be determined by an orientation sensor. The sensor determines the orientation using gravity and the earth as the reference, not your body. As a result, the sensor can only detect the phone's orientation itself, not its relative orientation to the user's body posture, which is what actually matters.  So it works properly only when you are standing straight, not when you are inclined or lie down. In fact, it always turns to the wrong orientation when you are inclined or lie down, so you have to fight it.In practice, the non-switchable autorotation causes much more annoyance than any utility. It is OK if they just use it as a gimmick to attract feature counters, but it is not OK to have it permanently implemented and cannot be turned off. It's simply stupid.I think the best solution is iPad 3's combination of autorotation plus a hardware-based button for a mechanical lock. It combines the best of both worlds. The iPhone has autorotation plus user manual options in the settings and apps, which is not as good as the iPad, but still much better than Windows Phone's autorotation only, whenever and wherever.The reason why I make this auto-rotation issue such a big deal is just to make a point, not because the thing itself is so life-threatening. I can live with the annoyance. But the failure or overlook of such issues after all these years is very telling of Microsoft.15.  REFINEMENT OF THE OPERATING SYSTEMWhen it comes to very fine details, Apple wins. WP8 has improved over WP7, but still no match to the iOS in its refinement of details. Company wise, and culture wise, Microsoft has not fully learned this art yet. Let me name a few:(1) The input mode is still a mess despite an excellent keyboard. Although typing new text is easy, accurately placing the cursor to edit text is virtually impossible. Also, you can't quickly do a "select all" to copy and paste a text.  It requires a painful maneuver to do so, many times more difficult than doing the same on iOS which gives you a selection in an automatically pop-up menu. Oh please, they struggled with this copy and paste thing from the very beginning and received a disproportionately great amount of criticisms, so you would think that they would have jumped all over it to not only improve it, but in fact over-improve it. Not at all. It's still a half cooked solution.(2) The network status indicators on the top of the screen don't stay. They disappear transiently. You have to touch the screen in a particular manner to bring them back. You can't change that in the settings. This is useless frivolous design. The indicators don't occupy extra space at all when they are displayed, and their disappearance does not result in any benefit. It just makes the system fussy and less certain. My basic assertion is that cell phone's network status is a constant user concern, and being able to glance at these essential indicators any time gives you peace of mind, and is a good part of the harmonious "handset environment". Having to always struggle for such a simple thing is nonsense especially when the sacrifice is made for no purpose.I think what happened at Microsoft was like this: One day, someone from Microsoft management shouted in a meeting: "Less is more! Less is more! Look at Apple, we need to learn from them!" And shortly after that, a Microsoft engineer came up with this idea of hiding the network status indicators...Microsoft has done the hard part of building a very promising mobile OS, it shouldn't be so difficult for them to do these very basic and simple things right. It is obviously not an engineering issue. It is a product management issue.

I purchased this w/ no contract to replace my Zombie Phone (AT&T; Go Phone), Garmin Oregon 550, and Zune HD.The only one I can say it truly replaces is the phone witch surprised me.  Contrary to AT&T; web site the 920 DOES support Go Phone Service.Replacing the Garmin fall under the "There is an App of that" category.  Well its not 1 its more like 6 and it still is missing functionality. I was not expecting everything but the lack of communication between apps is frustrating.  Ex Why do I need to download maps for every app?  How can I transfer a waypoint from one app to another? (use a geocache from Geocaching Live in Nokia Drive.  I do off-road  on-road nav switching all the time on the Garmin)  The camera in the 920 is far and away better than the 550's camera.Replacing the Zune HD you would think would be a slam dunk for any WP8 device. NOT. MS totally messed up the music syncing. You can not upload any of the Xbox Music Pass you have in Playlists etc. on to the device.  And the down sampling function is gone. I have not checked but I would be surprised if the music rating, play count, etc. syncs back to the PC. I have resorted to Media Monkey for syncing since it is better than the MS option.WP8 is pretty quick to pickup and use. Can't stand the email function.  I read an email on the PC and the phone does not see it was opened, making me read/touch the email twice.  It's probably an IMAP/POP limitation or something in Thunderbird but it is still annoying.For now my Garmin Oregon 550 and Zune HD are still going to be my devices of choice.

I just recently bought the Nokia Lumia 920 (in black) a little over a month ago. This is by far the best phone I have had so far. My first phone was a Nokia and I loved it and then I started trying out different phones all of which ended up being sub par (blackberry, android phones).The Best Things about this phone:1. The screen is magnificent! Everything is so clear. The biggest thing I noticed with this phone which has always been a hassle to me is that you can see it in the sun. NO GLARE! That alone is one reason for me to get it.2. The call quality is surpassed by none. Nokia has always had the best phones when it came to call quality and with it being an LTE phone it really doesn't get much better.3. The camera is great and everyone knows that already so I am not gonna talk much about it.4. It has a great sturdy body/shell, it fits so comfortably in my hand I don't have any problem with the weight or size. They also positioned the power button below the volume rocker which makes it so easy to reach when holding it in your hand.5. The Nokia pre-loaded Apps are amazing. The maps unlike Apple maps are phenomenal.6. And to be honest I am just a huge fan of live tiles. You get the customization of an Android phone but with the (in my opinion) better looking and sleeker live tiles. Which I feel look much better.7. Also because the phone is a matte type finish on the back it doesn't collect finger tips.Those are just the ones I could think of off the top of head.Now for the cons of the phone:There really aren't any truly negative cons.1. The only problem I have had is that the battery life sometimes does not last as long as I would like. On some days it will last the entire day but others it will last till late afternoon.2. A wider App selection would be nice. But that will come with time seeing how Windows 8 is so new. Don't get me wrong it has great Apps and all of the ones you would need but if you are into all the little 3rd party indie style apps on iphone or android don't get your hopes up.Other then that everything is great.I am a college student so I am constantly on my phone and so I would highly recommend this phone to anyone looking to buy. I would definitely buy this phone again and lets be honest you can't beat the 99 dollar price tag and early adopters of the phone get the free charge pad where you just place your phone on it and it will start charging which is awesome because you don't have to plug in your phone anymore.

I love the Windows Phone 8 interface, but I'll try to keep the review focused on this hardware.  Simply put, this phone is amazing.  You get the high end specs of Android phones, with a style that I think beats even the iPhone.  Instead of enumerating all of the technologies in the phone, I'll just try to give some personal anecdotes.Space: I didn't think the 32GB of space would matter to me since I could easily live with 8GB phones before, but now that WP8 devices can be recognized as USB storage, it has become incredibly useful since I frequently forget my flash drives.  Also, you will want an extra few GB's to download maps for offline use, which is a killer feature.  I use their offline maps all the time.  They are accurate, offer points of interest, and don't waste my paltry data plan.  Also they integrate with Nokia Drive to give you the best navigation of any smartphone.Camera: I'm not a camera buff, I just want something that can take a few snapshots. That said, the camera on this phone is amazing, especially in low light situations.  I took a panorama shot of the Seattle city scape right after sunset and it looked amazing.  This camera is so good that it almost makes me want to become a photographer.  With the option to auto-upload full res photos to Skydrive (thankfully only over WiFi, again my data plan is SMALL), I never have to worry about loosing my photos if I loose my phone.Style:  Not to sound vain or shallow, but several people have actually commented on my phones looks.  I wasn't even trying to show it in this cases, I was just checking my text messages.  If that is important to you, then you can't get a more attractive device than the 920.  The curved glass is a huge improvement over the 900, and sometimes I just like to touch it.  I was worried about the weight of the phone, but honestly it feels fine in my hand and pocket.  In fact, compared to my lighter weight plastic Focus, it feels substantial and premium.Cons:  My one complaint is that WiFi automatically turns off when your not using the phone.  This is a WP "feature" that I hope MS changes in a future update.I would have more to say, but I have only had the device for a week.  I'm sure when winter comes, I'll appreciate the screen that can be used with gloves on.  I'm sure I'll also love the wireless charging pads, but I have to wait since my wife needed something to get me for Christmas.  If you already know you want WP8, then I think this is clearly the best deal at $100.  That incredibly low price must be how AT&T; scored an exclusive deal.  If you are not sure about WP8, then please check it out in person.  The start screen has been drastically improved by the ability to resize live tiles.  And the app marketplace is getting better, fast.  In fact, we actually got Angry Birds Star Wars on the same day as iPhone.  You can probably chalk that up to the inclusion of native code.Updated - 12/5/2012:  Since I don't want to be a blind fanboy, I have to deduct a star for some lingering annoyances that I have noticed.  I'll write them in the order that they annoy me the most.1)  Half of my text messages do not get sent the first time and I have to click to resend them, sometimes twice.  I cannot tell you if this is the device or the network's fault.  I got my 920 from Build so it may not be configured correctly for AT&T.;  But none the less, this is an incredibly annoying issue.2)  Crashes / Freezes.  An app I bought when I had WP7.5, Risk, crashes every time I try to launch it.  Furthermore, another app, Texas Hold Em, actually crashes my entire phone.  Perhaps you can blame this on the developers, but the fact remains that this never happened under WP7/7.5.  Also the phone has seemed to freeze a few times for unknown reasons.  This happened once or twice with my Focus and Lumia 900, but I think it feel a bit more frequent with my 920.3)  Possible power drain.  When I first saw reports of this, I figured it must be isolated cases because I hadn't notice it.  But now there have been at least two incidents where I feel I have noticed a rapid drain of power for unknown reasons.  In fact, I missed my alarm this morning because my phone had died and I don't remember ever even seeing the "low battery" warning last night.  So far its rare, and perhaps this is all in my head, but I never ran out of juice like this on my WP7 devices.In conclusion, I still love my 920 and wouldn't trade it for any other phone.  Perhaps this is just testament to how solid and bug free WP7/7.5 was, but WP8 feels a little bit buggy to me, at least in comparison to WP7.  I expect this is due to the new WinRT kernel and I have hopes that MS pushes out updates quickly to resolve these issues.  When these issues are resolved, I will gladly update my review back to 5 stars.Updated - 4/10/2013:  I figured I would come back and update my review to address the issues I mentioned in the last update.  In summary, they are all mostly gone.  I'm very glad that text messages are now sent reliably.  And I can't remember the last time an app crashed my phone or I had a seemingly rapid power drain like I experienced before.  So I'm bumping this back up to 5 stars.  This phone has been phenomenal.  My wife recently got one as well.  Its a little big for her, but she is adjusting to it.  She likes the new Pandora app which is commercial free for one year.  If I had to make one complaint, it would be size.  The phone is certainly big and if Nokia can shave off 30-50 grams in future versions, that would help a lot.

This phone is a steal for the price. I replaced my iphone4 and the Nokia is clearly the better phone.The only downsides I can think of are that Windows 8 is still a little immature, the number of apps is smaller and the phone is a bit large and heavy for people with very small hands. However, having said that, for me the size of the phone is perfect, and I love the substantial and solid feel. Also, the red/yellow/white versions can be a little splippery, although I had no problems with my red phone so far.Windows 8 looks great and is super easy to use, and I'm certain that in a few months you get any app you want.For the money, this is the best phone on the market in terms of hardware, and the software is right now a tie between iOS and Android.

Pros:-Great sound, call quality (after all this is primary for phone)-Beautiful and bright screen (functional outdoors!)-Plenty of internal storage (32GB)-Standard Micro USB connector-Tough, feels solid-Windows 8 Phone is FAST, intuitive and attractive-Good Battery Life (Unpin the ESPN Tile!)-Good sync with outlook/exchange (Better than iPhone)-Nice Camera-Wireless charging - cool and convenient-Nokia Maps is a good GPS program and you can store maps for states and countries individually so you are not using cell data-Windows phone desktop app pretty nice at syncing multimedia, etc. (tested on windows 7)Cons:-No SD Slot-No battery percent visible(Several free apps can do this but should be built in)All in all VERY pleased and expecting to see windows phone market share jump considerably as a result of phones like these.  Several colleagues have switched to this phone from android after seeing it.

I have the Cyan Nokia Lumia 920.It's the best available phone in the market.Photos are the best.320gb is a lot of memory, and all apps run smooth.

This phone is great in every way.There are only two problems for me, the battery life is bad, may be last for a half day depend on the settings.It could last a day if you set it right like disabling background apps.The second problem, not really the phone problem but I cannot tethering the data plan without paying extract $20 a month.This is crippling the capability of the phone, not everyone is rich enough to spend $20 a month just for the tethering. I wish there's a hack, if you know one please let me know.Also there's third problem, xbox live force you to use wifi when downloading an app with large file size, I mean I have 3 GB plan and I am not allow to use that data the way I want? I checked my phone bill, I used less than 1 GB for almost a month now. This is unacceptable.Update 11/28/2012:The phone camera sometimes only show green screen, it's like the lens is completely covered by green liquid but still can see some shadows behind. I have to power off the phone to fix it. This only happened twice so far. Not sure if my phone is defected.Update 11/29/2012:I am previous owner of Nokia e71 and Nokia N8. This phone's picture quality is no where near to N8. It looks fine when you view them on the phone. However, when you view them on computer size by size. It's just not up to the same standard, it's very blurry and not focusing well especially with moving objects. My baby niece looks like a ninja while all she did was turning her head. I wish they can fix that with software update, I know they did that with e71. BTW, I was using 9 MP setting on N8 which is not much different than 8.7 MP.Update 12/4/2012:Just want to update that battery has been improved in the past few days. I am getting 50% battery left after 12 hours of normal usage. I no longer feel warm on the back of the phone. I did not change any setting other than app updates. I guess either Nokia or Microsoft fixed something.

Windows 8 is really slick.  I know many people hate it, and I was one who delayed converting because of the reviews and bad experiences I read about.  I finally built a PC and bought a touchscreen for it, so I installed win8...and we love it.  I even upgraded two more PCs and use touchpads and regular mice with those, and it's amazing.  If you're scared off by the reviews, give it a try and some time to get acclimated...you won't regret it.I mention that because once you familiarize yourself with Win8, a Windows phone is a no-brainer.  I've used iOS and Android...of those two, I prefer Android.  But Windows8 is now my favorite.  The live tiles are cool, being able to customize your home screen, re-size tiles...all very slick.The camera on this phone is great.  Low-light pictures are really good.  No comparison to other smartphones.  In regular lighting, I think it's comparable to others, but not outstanding.  Haven't shot video yet, but I understand that is another area it can excel in.The size and weight were a big concern BEFORE I got the phone.  I had read the reviews and people, even those who liked the phone said the heft was a significant drawback.  I had used a GS3 previously, so I was concerned that I was going to a phone with a smaller screen but significantly more "weight".  I can tell you now that it's way overblown.  The size and weight are not significant at all.  It's definitely heavier but it doesn't feel disproportionately so.  It has a really good feel in your hand and the weight seems to contribute (positively) to that.It's very intuitive to operate and since it's Windows-based, you just plug it in to your PC and it opens like any other drive or device in explorer.  Drag and drop files between folders...very simple.The wireless charging is probably the coolest part of this phone.  You just set it on the plate and it charges.  I got a free wireless charger with the phone, so it's not even any extra cost right now.  Now that I've had this, I wonder why every phone doesn't make this standard!  So easy and cool.  I bought an extra charger to take to work!The one negative you may find, especially if you are a big app user, is that there is not the volume of apps available yet for windows.  I don't use a ton of them, and I was able to find either the same app or a comparable/better alternative for everything except for one.  I'm not typical, probably, so consider that before you jump in.  However, things like the Nokia Music app are free and you can download music for free to play on the device...you can set up your own mix or go with theirs, and then download to listen offline.  Update the list occasionally and you'll get a new mix.  And it's all free.All in all, I thought the GS3 was the best phone I had used when I got it last year.  It's still a great phone, but now having used the Windows based phone, I think Microsoft finally got this right.  The seamless integration between phone and PC is finally evident and I can't believe it was MSFT that did it...I am really impressed with this phone.UPDATE: Battery life is excellent (for a smartphone).  I can get through a day at work, with normal usage (mostly texting, checking email,listening to music on the commute) using only half the battery.  It seems like it really conserves battery when the screen is inactive during the night.  Much better than my Samsung android phones.  I used less than 5% of the battery overnight on the Lumia vs. 17%-20% minimum on the GS3 and Note.  Another thing that is nice is that on my GS3 I ran Avast mobile security but on the Win8 platform programs are all sandboxed so processes can't' hijack and run when another process is running, thus better security and no need to run additional software on the phone for security.  That's very nice to know as well, especially given the popularity of MSFT hacks and attacks.

Where to start? There are just so many good things about this phone and the Windows Phone 8 OS that it is tough to know where to start. I suppose I should start out by stating that I am somewhat of a Windows "fanboy" for lack of a better word. I am all in when it comes to Microsoft products owning the Xbox 360, Surface RT tablet, Windows 8 Pro laptop and of course Windows Phone. That being said I do try to rate products fairly but I wanted you the reader to know that there may be some bias in my review.I have owned several Windows Phones over the past few years. The Samsung Focus, Focus 2, HTC Titan, Lumia 900 and now the Lumia 920. I have thoroughly enjoyed each of the phones but the 920 certainly stands out as to what I feel is finally a true competitor to the Iphones and Samsungs of the world.This phone has some serious specs and can hold its own against its rivals when it comes to pure processing power. Everything is super smooth on this phone. Apps launch quickly, the internet is super speedy thanks to the LTE and the camera snaps pic after pic without a stutter. I finally feel that my phone isn't preventing me from doing anything that I want to do with it. I am very impressed with the power and speed of the 920.SCREEN: The screen is just gorgeous. It has a super high resolution which makes everything look soooo good. Text is easy to read and pictures just come to life (corny but true!) The screen also has a super sensitive mode where you can actually wear winter gloves and still control the phone as normal. It is pretty amazing the first time I tried this. You can also shut this off so you have complete control as to whether to use it or not.CAMERA: If you like to take pictures with your phone then this really is the phone for you. Nokia has done some amazing things with their camera technology here. The image stabilization for photos and videos is second to none. I have pretty shaky hands but all my pics and vids come out super smooth with this phone. The night time is where the camera tech really shines. Whether you are indoors or outdoors with poor to almost no light this camera still takes really bright and clear pics! It really is a must have feature if you like to take pics. The camera on this phone has replaced my need for a separate point and shoot camera. No joke. It is that good. If I were to critique the camera in any way it would be to say that the pics sometimes come out a little "soft" when taking pics during the day. Nokia has already stated that they plan a soon to be released update that allows for sharper pics so that negative could very well vanish in the near future.SOUND: I have never really been impressed with the sound quality of any phone I have ever had as far as playing music through the speakers without headphones. It is no different for me with the 920. The stereo speakers are ok but I wouldn't recommend listening to music without headphones. Once you do hook up your favorite pair of headphones the sound is much improved. Nokia uses Dolby Headphone technology and the sound the phone produces while using earbuds is impressive. The volume isn't the loudest but definitely loud enough to easily block out any outside noises. Also, no earbuds come with the phone.CALL QUALITY: So far I have no complaints with the call quality. When I ask people how I sound they say everything sounds good. I can also hear them easily and clearly through the earpiece. I am not a huge phone user on my phone (doh!) but so far I have had a very pleasant experience on calls.BATTERY LIFE: So far I am getting better than expected battery life. I thought with LTE I would be burning through a charge in 4 or 5 hours but so far I am easily making it through an entire work day with moderate use. I can take the phone off the charger at 5:30 AM and when I go to bed at around 10 or 11 at night I still have about 15-25 percent left. To me that is more than adequate. The battery does seem to get a bit warm when playing games or really pushing the LTE but I think that is pretty normal for these powerful phones.WIRELESS CHARGING: I purchased my 920 through an ATT store which was running a promotion for a free wireless charger. The 920 has that ability built right into the phone! It is pretty darn useful too. I keep the charging plate right on my nightstand and when I am done reading in bed I just place it on the pad and it starts to charge. No need to fumble with cords.BUILD QUALITY: This is one SOLID phone. I don't plan on dropping it but I would have to say that I would worry more about what I drop this on then the phone itself. This actually leads to what may be a downside for some people. The phone, compared to other phones, is a little heavier. I don't find it to be an issue and in fact like the strong feel of the phone but go to the store and check it out because some have noted that it bothered them.APPS: The Lumia 920 comes with Nokia Drive which is a really nice navigation app that easily compares to the paid version out there. I have used it a bunch of times and it has worked flawlessly every time. You also get a Microsoft Office suite which includes PowerPoint, Word, Excel and One Note. While I don't see myself creating complex spreadsheets on a phone it certainly is nice to be able to open and edit if I need to.OK, it looks like I rambled on way too long. I hope you found some useful info in my review. If you have any specific questions you want answers to just leave a comment and I will try to answer them all.

I got this phone and ran into a lot of trouble.  Even the factory repair didn't fix a log of things.  Their GPS loses connection often.  The offline maps are really not offline ( you can't search).  Drops calls like crazy in california.  I see 4-5 bars in other phones with at&t where this phone shows only 2-3 bars or lower.  No service bug. Often goes out and displays "no service".  After dealing with Nokia so many times, they're giving a run around without any fix for the problem. I really wanted to return this phone to them, and get my money back!  The phone seems fast and shiny, but that's about it.  I regret my purchase! Should have gone with HTC or some other windows phone.  The main thing is the phone call quality and gps quality. And if that doesn't work well, everything else is of no use.  Doesn't make sense to carry this heavy brick around compared to other phones.

Love my new phone. It's very user friendly.  So much fun!!!  Wish that I had gotten it sooner.  Maybe a little on the heavy side but it's ok.

Excellent cell phone. The WP8 works very well, doing a very good job.Very fast, outstanding pictures and Marketplace has all the useful apps.

OK so I have had the phone for about a week and here are some comments on the phone. First I must say I am an engineer and I work in product development and testing (hardware). Coming off three consecutive Android phones (2 Xperias and way back a Dell Streak)Here are a few thoughts on the phone:Pros:1. The hardware is flippin amazing. I mean really really amazing. The iphone is an obvious comparison and they are on par (my wife has the 4S). The tolerances are very high and it is very well constructed. The unibody design does wonders.2. The screen is very good. The pixel density may not be GS4 like but it is very very good. Bright, clear etc...3. The camera is hands down the best camera that you can get on a cell phone. The pics are absolutely amazing. The video is even more amazing. I find myself taking pics ALL the time now which makes my wife happy cause she always says I never take any pictures of the kids...4. Speaker sound is really good for a cell phone but dont expect wonders. It is on par with the Iphone according to 6 people drinking beers at a BBQ.5. Call quality great6. NOKIA apps are really great. (NOKIA MUSIC, Maps etc...). This is clearly the flagship Windows phone.Gray Area:1. Windows 8 is great but not perfect. I have a windows 8 tablet and I love all the gestures and I was expecting it here. I also miss the file browser. I hear it is coming but it is silly that they don't have that. Why try to be like Apple when you have the hardware...come on MS! To be honest windows 8 on a tablet is a better experience minus the apps.2. Initially I was a little bored with WP8 but found that once you get used to it you will actually find you use the functionality of the phone more. I really thought that was a load of BS from MS but I think they are right. Not to bash Android as I think the openness is really great but I find the WP8 experience to be smoother and everything runs faster.3 Battery life is just OK.Cons:1. BING button stinks like three day old fish. You will hit it from time to time and curse Microsoft for forcing it upon us.2. I prefer hardware buttons vs touch screen buttons. They seem to stay out of the way better.3. WP8 has a few problems and hiccups. It is very very functional but sometimes things do not work exactly as they should (like Nokia music saying you have not network connection when you do). Also some of the system design is a little backwards like the way it organizes your contacts. I think it is a matter of getting used to it.4. MOST ANNOYING thing is the lack of continuity between windows 8 and Wp8. If you buy an app for your tablet you DO NOT get it free for your phone. This is utter rubbish in my opinion.Even with these negatives it is a 5 star product....

This is an amazing phone. I've been using it for a while now and I just love this phone. Very easy to navigate thanks to WP8 user-friendly user interface. Nokia and Microsoft done very good job with this phone. To begin with I  thought the phone could be lighter but no longer it is an issue for me after using it for a while. I already recommended the phone to my family and friends.

The 920 is the pinacle of smartphones today. Speed, elegance, great design and awesome OS, all for a good price. I never really considered a Windows phone, but know I wanted to get away from my iPhone. I also wanted to get away from AT&T;, but unfortunately, they are the only carrier for this phone. After many calls, a store visit and failed attempts on the website, I finally got my order in and received my phones the next day.It seemed like every professional review of this phone commented on it's size and weight being to much. I think it's just fine and feels very solid in your hand. Microsoft has really produced a great experience with their OS. It's easy, intuitive and has features no other OS has. I particularly like the integration of my work email and Outlook. I hope more people give the new Windows a chance.Some high points are,Exceptional screenOutstanding call qualityGreat speedBeautiful designGreat camera, videos are super smooth and stableWireless chargingCharges and plays on my car stereo's USB portLow points,Have to use AT

I am a happy Nokia Lumia 900 phone user and I am so happy to finally get the Nokia Lumia 920 (Yellow) WP8 device. Happy to see the tiles are now customizable.Fell in-love with Lumia 900's camera specially when taking videos and photos and guess what? Lumia 920 never fails me at all. We now have an option to shoot videos at 1080p (default is 720p) it will auto detect and turns the light on in low-light yes, during video recording.Aside from the tap and share photos we can now use the Nokia maps to share locations (for HTC WP8 users bing maps has this feature too). I also like the new Family Room feature where you can invite facebook friends/relatives or other person you want to add from your contact list so you can track events and recent activities of the people you know and care :)If you have kids definitely turn on the Kid's corner so you can let your kids play your phone and not mess with it. I have posted some videos on my you tube channel (teknowsit) if you want to check Nokia Lumia's 900 video on Richard Marx's recent Seattle concert. I will soon upload my videos from my Lumia 920's for future reference.WP8-PC connection is also easy now and doesn't need the Zune software.  Phone explorer enables you to copy to-from PC-phone so saving/sharing stuff is now easy.  You can also make use of the skydrive to keep your devices in-sync.Login to Windowsphone . com and go to Purchase History and you can re-install your apps to your device.Wish list: Hopefully in the future WP will be able to play the videos purchased from my xbox live account so I can have a complete user experience from xbox-surface-pc-phone devices

When just focusing on the quality of the hardware this phone is probably one of the better phones I have owned. The phone itself feels very sturdy, while I wouldn't want to drop it I would feel comfortable of this thing not breaking from a fall. This phone is plenty fast, and comes with a decent amount of internal storage although I wish there was an option for expandable storage. The display looks very nice, and the aesthetics of Windows Phone 8 works well with the display. My main complaints about this phone are aimed at Windows phone 8 (WP8) itself, which still lacks apps that other marketplaces have. I would recommend finding apps that are important to you and seeing if it is available on the marketplace or if anything similar is there. Now one big reason to go with a WP8 device would be if you are a heavy office user as the integration, and quality of the apps for office are unmatched at the moment. Overall this is an impressive device, and it has come down in price a lot, and would make a nice off contract phone.

Best things I love about the Nokia lumia 920 (and the previous lumia 900):- Nokia Music: Allows me to create a custom mix of music just by typing in the artist's name. It also allows offline download so that I can download it over wifi and then playback in my car. All I need is an FM transmitter to play it over my car's speakers.- Nokia Drive: Really neat for driving directions and GPS- Nokia City Lens: Augmented reality app that shows me the restaurants, shops in an area by just pointing the camera in that direction- Skydrive integration: Any photos are automatically uploaded to my skydrive account which makes them accessible from any other device that has a skydrive app.- Xbox live integration: Lots of games to play for free (trial versions)- Sturdy build, great screen size, excellent camera and sound clarity. I dropped the phone a few times and keep it in my jeans pocket...still no scratches.Here are some tips I use to maximize the battery life:1. Turn Off the location sensor (GPS) unless I'm driving and I need a GPS.2. Turn Off the WiFi unless I'm streaming music or downloading large files (like games, music, etc). For all other purposes the 4G LTE is really fast and I don't really need WiFi3. Set the phone to airplane mode before going to sleep (saves the battery and also reduces my exposure to cellphone radiation while sleeping).

The Lumia 920 is a beautiful phone, Windows Phone 8 is a joy and the personalized start screen with live tiles is awesome, I love it.Other people have said that it's too heavy, other people have said that there aren't enough apps for Windows Phone, but neither of those complaints come near to the goodness you get from the thoughtful design and amazing quality of the Lumia hardware and Windows Phone.

have been using this for close to a month now. awesome experience so far. got all the app that I needed: skype, whatsapp, rebtel, people hub, livestrong, Chase Mobile banking, Fruit Ninja, etc etc. Nokia maps simply superb. With tap+send sharing photos can't be any easier. Wireless charging is so handy, especially when you come from office or shopping with one hand full of stuff, you can just take it out of your pocket with the other hand and place it on the charging pad. Live tiles make you to check email or facebook only if there is a need to. photos and video are so crisp. The tiles in the home page can be sized and set according to the nature of app.

The Nokia Lumia 920 is Nokia's flagship phone for 2012. What this means is that Nokia has packed all the latest technology into this phone.It comes with Windows Phone 8, which just came out in October 2012. The older Windows phones will not get the new operating system, so it's a better idea to pick up a Windows Phone 8 device versus a cheaper Windows Phone 7.5. This will ensure that you will receive all the future updates.Although Windows Phone 8 looks just like the previous version, it was actually rewritten from the ground up to include a new kernel. What does this mean? It means that the new phones can now use faster processors, have High Definition screens, and goodies like NFC and SD Card support. (note that the Lumia 920 doesn't have an SD slot)Thanks for Windows Phone 8, Nokia has been able to include the latest tech into its 920. This includes a fast dual core processor, 1GB of ram, an excellent HD display, and the PureView camera.This makes for a very smooth experience. This phone is blazing fast! It is just as fast as the competition like the iPhone 5 & the Galaxy S3.The Windows Phone OS is very easy to use, yet it's powerful.Twitter and Facebook are baked into the OS, so you can access the feed and timeline straight from your phone. The app selection isn't as good as android or iOS, but it's getting new apps every day.On my phone I already have Kindle, Audible, Amazon, Chase, CNN, Flixter, Facebook, Twitter, Garmin, IMDb, Youtube, Netflix, PayPal, Skype, Urbanspoon, WSJ & Yelp. This is more than enough for me!Game selection is good too, with the Xbox Live integration. Angry Birds Star Wars came out the same day as the android and iOS version, which is a great sign.The camera is also a big selling point. It has OIS, which is optical image stabilization. Since most smartphones have really tiny image sensors, the only way to capture more light is to have the camera shutter open longer. However, since our hand shake just a tiny bit, this usually results in blurry pictures.The camera on the 920 can fight camera shake with OIS. This will result in great pictures even at night. It really is amazing technology. I have added camera samples to the product page so you can judge for yourself.There has been criticism that the daytime pictures are not as sharp as the competition. Nokia has stated that they will release a software update very soon to fix this issue. I will report back when it comes out.To sum it up, for the price asked this phone is a tremendous value. It has 32GB of storage, a great camera, a fast processor and the latest operating system. I would definitely recommend this phone for anyone.

*UPDATES AT THE BOTTOM*I switched from the iPhone 4 to Lumia 920 so if you're in the same situation and deciding whether to try a different OS/phone hopefully this review aids you in making a decision.I've been an iPhone user for a few years now starting from the 3GS and upgrading to the iPhone 4. I skipped the 4S in anticipation of the iPhone 5 but for me, it didn't seem like too big of a change (played with my brother's iPhone 5 for a bit) so I ended up keeping the iP4. The iP4 did everything that I wanted in a smartphone; I am not a heavy user but used it for your basic text, email, web/media browsing, and used a handful of apps, along with a jailbreak to customize certain features. But I was itching to try something new and the Lumia 920 piqued my interest.Since I'm into DSLR photography the PureView camera and optical stabilization intrigued me. I've done a few test shots and overall, the quality is great, especially with low light capture, and the optical stabilization is a great feature. As of now (Nov. 14, 2012) there is some talk of soft photos but nothing extreme, and it seems that Nokia is working on a software update to fix this issue. The half-press of the camera button engages auto focus and the optical stabilization kicks in, just like a DSLR, so usability is excellent. You can also adjust certain settings such as ISO and EV for more creative control.The overall build quality is superb, but with Nokia, that's pretty standard. The screen is bright and beautiful and watching HD content is a pleasure. The matte finish of the black feels great and looks sophisticated, but of course for the more adventurous there are more color options to choose from. The main critique of the phone was it's weight and coming from the iP4, it basically feels the same. Of course, if you're comparing it the iP5 or some of the other smartphones it may feel a lot heavier. Personally, I like having the weight as it feels more comfortable to hold and use. Your mileage may vary, but honestly, the weight issue is completely overblown.I was a little worried about the feel of the user interface on Windows Phone 8 after using iOS all these years. But after trying it out, it was pretty much second nature since the general feel and UI is similar to iOS. The customizable live tiles are great for organizing your home screen and keeping you up to date with what you want (and removing things you don't want.) The overall Windows Phone 8 OS is super smooth and quick compared to what I was use to on my iP4, which I already thought was nice and quick. I'm sure that there may be a few nitpicks and features not yet included that may bother certain users and for me, that one feature is the lack of a notification center. It seems that Microsoft couldn't include it in time and hopefully they'll push out an update that'll add this feature.The one thing about switching to the Windows platform that may bother users is of course app selection. It really isn't as bad as others make it out to be though and I would say that 90% of the main apps found on iOS/Android are found on the Microsoft store. Some apps may not be as fully featured (yet) but hopefully with the push of the Windows 8 ecosystem developers will start concentrating more on this platform. As I've read, developers are liking how easy it is to work on the platform so I wouldn't be surprised if in the near future the Microsoft marketplace will become just as robust as it's competitors. If all you download are gaming apps, then I would say that the Apple store definitely has the edge right now. The Apple store does has a lot of junk apps, but if you're looking for variety, the Microsoft marketplace still falls behind in that category at the moment. Personally I don't do a whole of gaming so that doesn't bother me but it may bother others. For any other app, they'll most likely be found on the Windows platform or there'll be a similar app that performs the same functions (and may even be better.)I haven't used the Nokia Music player too much but one glaring feature missing is the ability to scan through a song; you can only fast forward. This can be a deal breaker for some who like to use their smartphone as their sole music player. But other than that, controls are intuitive and the user interface is very solid.Some final points about the phone; the wireless charging is a great feature. Since I always lay my phone down on my computer desk, I can now just plop it down on the charging plate on the desk and it'll charge without fiddling with any cables. Sure it would only takes a few quick seconds to plug a cable in but it's small features like this that add to the phone. Battery life is decent and a full day with normal text, email, web/video browsing, and gaming use I'll be at around 40%. In standby I don't notice the battery draining super quick. There does seem to be some complaints right now of battery drainage but I haven't noticed anything out of the ordinary. Since I'm still new to the phone and constantly playing with it, I'm sure the battery usage can be better if I just used it normally.If you are heavily into the Apple ecosystem it may be a bit tougher to change to a different platform. But the iPhone 4 was my only Apple product so the switch wasn't troublesome by any means. In the end, I have no regrets in changing from the iPhone 4 to the Lumia 920. Sure there may be a few things missing but nothing that I can't adjust to and nothing bad enough to not warrant a review less than five stars. It's a superb phone with an equally amazing OS and using it is a pleasure. Silky smooth, great handling, and easy usability. Microsoft has the resources to make this platform work so I'm not too worried about updates, etc. I also remember my first mobile phone being the Nokia 5110 which was pretty much the equivalent of the iPhone back in the day (in terms of popularity.) Nokia makes great products so I'm not worried about the reliability or quality. Hopefully more users step out of their comfort zones to try something different. I'm glad I did and do not regret my decision at all.*UPDATE (11/25/2012)*I've owned this phone since launch and after using it daily for 2 weeks I have to downgrade my review from 5 stars to 4 stars. The main problem as reported by others is the battery. The first day or two after launch I had no problem with battery drainage. But after a while, I noticed random significant battery drainage during idle. Sometimes I would lose up to 20% in one hour without any change in settings or apps. I tried turning off some features such as NFC, Wi-Fi, etc. but the random battery drainage would continue. Checking the battery setting, I would sometimes get around 15 hours of battery time remaining at 100% and sometimes at around 70% I'll get 11 days of remaining battery time. It seems all over the place.Also, sometimes while charging the battery, it would randomly stop charging. On one occasion I left the phone plugged into the USB charger overnight and when I woke up it was below 10% since it had stopped charging. Another time I used the wireless charger and it did the same thing. I also noticed that the back of the phone would sometimes get abnormally hot while using it and/or charging. I'm aware that using the phone and/or charging can put a load on the battery but it got uncomfortably warm, something I never encountered while using my iPhone 4.Another thing are the live tiles. They're great but seem to work randomly. I know that certain apps only update in certain intervals but the OEM loaded Weather Channel app doesn't seem to update anymore until I go into the app. I had no problems with the app for the first week or so and haven't changed any settings regarding that app so I have no idea what could be wrong with it.There seems to be some problems with the overall OS/firmware that needs to be addressed at this point. I would give it 3.5 stars if I could. Fortunately I have access to a battery charger during my day to day use so I can charge it when I need to, but if you rely on having long battery life without the option of being able to readily charge it, it could be a problem. I really hope Nokia/Microsoft push out an update that fixes this issue soon.*UPDATE (12/03/2012)*Just another update. It's been about a month since I've been using the phone and I still love it. After letting the battery discharge completely once, the battery performance seems to be better and more consistent. I did have one random reboot but generally speaking, in my day to day use, I haven't had any problems. I've gotten so use to the smoothness and speed of the OS that when I sometimes use my iPhone 4 it just doesn't feel like it reacts as quickly. I did originally dock a star after I noticed the battery problems but have bumped it back up since it seems to have stabilized. There are still a handful of apps that I'd love developers to put more effort into or create on the WP8 platform, but for most things I've find other apps or workarounds.I still don't have any regrets on this phone purchase and will update if I have anything else to add.*UPDATE (06/27/2013)*So it's been over half a year and I'm still using and enjoying my Lumia 920. Over time, there's been a few updates and a lot of official apps are starting to hit the marketplace making the user experience better. I'm still eagerly waiting for the Windows Phone Blue update later in the year/next year which should bring a lot good features such as double-tap to wake, FM radio, and hopefully a notification center. Still, at this point in time, my experience using WP8 has overall been good having switched from using iOS for 5+ years.However, just the other day my Lumia 920 developed a vertical cyan line running down the left-hand side of the screen. It seems that several other users have had this problem occur, although they reported it much sooner after buying the phone. I'm sure I could send it out to Nokia but having the downtime is too much of a hassle. For now I'll have to live with it and since new LCD's are going for around $50 I may just go ahead and replace it on my own if it gets to be too much of an annoyance. Nevertheless, I'm disappointed. I know problems can occur but all the previous smartphones I've owned had no problems within the 2-year contract I usually sign up for and to have this phone malfunction within half a year leaves a bad taste.*UPDATE (02/12/14)*There's been a lot of updates to Windows Phone and the latest updates have added some nice features such as "glance", "double-tap" to wake, etc. The upcoming 8.1 update that'll include a notification center and quick settings should make the OS overall much more solid. After a year and a half the OS has progressed nicely. A lot of apps have been releasing and that void is still filling up nicely. Although, there is still a lack of good support from all developers as iOS and Android still get priority in terms of features.I still feel that WP8 is a great OS and it's evolving nicely but I've personally been aching to switch back to iOS. The breaking point is pretty much that the Lumia 920's camera has now malfunctioned, causing a black screen with unresponsive buttons. A hard reset has done nothing so now the only option would be to get it fixed/replaced. The camera was one of the main selling points of getting this phone so it's a shame. With only a few months left on contract and a slew of new phones coming out, I've pretty much decided to switch back to iOS or try Android at this point. Like I've mentioned before, I've had no problems with my previous smartphones (iPhone 3GS and 4) but in the close to two years of owning this Nokia, the LCD screen has failed and now the camera. I know there'll be a few more manufacturer choices if I wanted to stay with WP8 (Samsung and Sony should have WP8 phones soon), but Nokia is suppose to be the high-end and all these problems leave a bad impression.I've docked a star, making the original 4-star to a 3-star rating for the Lumia 920 because of these problems. It was fun while it lasted and maybe down the road I'll try Windows Phone again since it really is a solid OS.

This is in my opinion the best windows phone 8 smartphone so far.The display is fantastic and the the speed is awesome. The battery life is a bit poor at the beginnig but it gets better over time if you use the tipps from wpcentral.The camera is also great although there are some problems with the daytime pics. But the new update should fix much of the problems.I really like the Nokia specific apps like Nokia Drive (offline navigation worldwide for free) and city lense.The only really annoying thing is the still long delivery time since Nokia seems to have overwhelmed by the demand or to have production problems.App selection is fine for me, but others might miss the 10,0000th fart app so they should better stick with Android or Apple. The WP8 OS is quite simple and easy to handle although it has still some annoying missing features (like calender view or the video function).

I been with Amazon for more than 15 years and is the first review I make, this phone is worth it, every dime you pay for it and also every dime you don't pay as is priced extremely fair for the capabilities and features it has.You can safely leave your camera at home as the pictures are far superior to any smartphone unless is a Nokia 808 Pureview witch has 41 megapixels and is in another league.The phone does not need a screen cover or protector of any kind (has Corning Gorilla glass) , is built to last like the old Nokia phones, you can see the screen even if the sun is hitting you outdoors, is very fast and to be honest Windows 8 is a notch above Android and even IOS so happy I left behind the boring Iphones already, unless you want to stick with the same phone old people use (Iphones) no excuse not to switch.What else you want to hear, just test drive one and you are sold.

I looked at all the offerings and was about to get an iPhone 5 or Samsung Galaxy III (probably iPhone) if this phone did not deliver.  It has everything I need and that is more than the other phones offered.  The phone itself is more durable than the others and in my opinion looks better and feels better in the hand.  The battery life is very good and performance is excellent.  I am a developer and I can contest that the architecture and design both software and hardware are superior to Android and iOS in most regards. No doubt the others will catch up soon but for now WP8 and Lumia are the best of breed.I had let my 8 year old son (a computer wiz) play with the phone and he said it was much better than iOS and Android.  When I bought this phone I also bought one for my wife.  She quickly gasped why didn't you buy the iPhone?  So I told her to go down to the AT&T; store and replace the Lumia with the iPhone, no problem for my as I am a very big Apple fan.  I had grown up near Silicon Valley, read Steve's bio (excellent), as well as iWoz (another genius) and have Apple products.So my wife went to the store and reviewed the other phones.  She came home with the Lumia 920!The phone has performed very well and has survived at least one drop so far.  Most of the big applications on the other phones are now also available on WP8.  The windows store is also very good and I have had no problems with it as opposed to iTunes and Google's App store.

Nokia Lumia 920 looks beautiful and it clicks great pictures. I did side by side comparison with buddies at work, and indeed Lumia 920 clicked beautiful pictures. Few folks talked about it's weight but then I read report that Nokia 920 weighs less than iPhone 5 with iPhone cover or HTC 8X with 2 turkey slices -:)The phone build quality feels premium and it looks like a premium phone. I love wireless charging, wireless pad just sits on my nightstand and I just put phone on it for automatic charging.I think Windows Phone tiles are beautiful, simple and uncluttered. I chose Lumia 920 because of it's amazing camera, premium build quality & wireless charging.

I've had windows phones since Windows mobile 5.  I have been using HTC windows phone devices all along and the Nokia Lumia 920 is my first non-HTC Windows phone.  It is an awesome phone.  Perfect size, cutting edge features and performance.  Very happy.

The phone is so-so when working, but break easily.  Nokia Tech Support is terrible.  ATT is Terrible.  What else can i say?Windows Phone 8 has great potential but lacks the polish that other mature opperating systems have.  The apps are lacking still, and the ones they do have are generally beta versions riddled with bugs, that will just cause you annoyance.  All of the Face Book apps are poor, amazon instant video doesn't exist, Dropbox doesn't have an official app, roboform has not app, etc.  Save frustration, keep with Apple or Google.VERY UNHAPPY I "UPGRADED" TO A NOKIA FROM IPHONE.

This is an awesome product. I have dropped it 100 times yet it still works. Everything I need in a phone for a college student. Perfect. So many cool features

This is a great phone! Solid design with very sleek looks. I love the modern interface...very smooth and fun. There are more apps available than anyone would need. Nokia keeps producing fantastic free apps like turn-by-turn navigation and Nokia music streaming (no ads). With NFC, wireless charging, an awesome camera, touch through regular gloves, this is probably the most advanced phone out there. Very original!

I can't believe how sexy and smooth this phone is. Fast, fresh, fluid & fantastic. Class leading camera, class leading looks, I'm staggered how good this Nokia is. I currently own an iPhone 4 which is a great phone, an HTC android which I absolutely loathe as it's UI is frustratingly slow and unintuitive, the new Nokia blows them both out of the water.Simple, sexy, smooth and suave, the Lumia 920 is a huge breath of fresh air.

I 've had my nokia lumia 920 for over a month now and I'm quite satisfied and happy with this phone. Let's break it down:Bluetooth is great, just connected to my car stereo pioneer BT6400 and it works like a champ, it connects automatically any time I jump in my car so I can enjoy hands free calls and of course listening to my music too.Kindle app is great, big screen you really enjoy reading your book as well as listening to your audiobooks if you install Audible which also works fine. Youtube and Metrotube deliver the goods, facebook app is good enough. Nokia maps and Gmaps both great. You also have a choice to go with bing or google when it comes to search, either way you are fine.Battery life is good for moderate use, say checking and replying emails, text messages, watch video here and then. Most people usually have things to do other than being on the phone 24 hrs a day watching videos or playing games.Apps, I hear complaints about not too many apps, there is about 130 k apps, more than enough for the rest of my days with this phone. I don't need 10 millions apps again this is a personal preference anyway.I like windows 8 phone integration with my windows 8 desktop, I gotta confess after a rocky stat I came to love windows 8 OS. Always do your research when shopping a smartphones all I can tell you is that this phone is great so far in my experience. One more thing, wireless charging, sweet. I have to tell you once you try it, you don't wanna come back to your old way of charging your phone.

I've been a Windows Phone user since 7 (before 7.5). My previous phone was an HTC Titan, which was a good enough phone, though certain things were not terribly impressive (lower resolution screen, camera was so-so, I wasn't a fan of the lens sticking out on the back, etc).The Lumia 920 is the best phone I've owned to date. I won't review all of Windows Phone 8, though it is worth mentioning that you should know what you're getting yourself into: research your favorite apps, see if there are alternatives if they aren't in the marketplace just yet, and make sure that you're willing to dive in. It can be a bit much to ask people to give up a good Instagram app (there isn't one for WP8 that I know of, though I'm no Instagram user), but the OS is beautiful, functional, and I think makes up for any holes it has.Pros:Great camera (this has been talked about, and while it may not be everything people have wished, it is still wildly impressive; the stabilization isn't as powerful as I'd hoped, but maybe I just have shaky hands). Night photos are a dream, though daytime photos aren't quite as colorful as I'd like. This will allegedly be fixed in a patch, but at this point, that isn't the case.The screen is a dream. Excellent contrast, high resolution (ppi is comparable to the iPhone 5), deep blacks, and saturated colors leave everything looking crisp and pretty.The hardware is solid, though some may complain about the weight. Every single person who has picked my phone up, without exception, has commented on the weight. Some have preferred it ("Wow, it feels heavy, but I like how solid that makes it feel"), while others have been off put by it ("Wow, that's really heavy, glad I don't have to carry it around"). I personally prefer it, though I did get used to larger phones with my HTC Titan (before that I had an iPhone 4, so that change was huge).The buttons on the side depress with a satisfying feel, though this is the norm on most good phones; if your buttons don't feel nice, they will be commented on.Cons:There are two potential cons, and one actual one. The first potential con is the weight, which I addressed above. The second is the sheer size of the phone. It's only slightly smaller (though still thicker) than my Titan was, and that was a beast of a phone. I've got no trouble fitting it in my pockets, but I'm not likely to forget it is there. The physical size is definitely going to be a negative for some, though.The actual con, and the only thing I actively dislike about this phone even as I'm getting accustomed to it, is that the matte surface is slippery. I had hoped it would be grippy, which is why I chose the matte over the glossy (matte = black and cyan, glossy = white, red, and yellow). When I pull the phone out of my pocket, I've made a habit of grabbing it by the screen and the back, rather than the sides (my previous habit). I don't notice any finger-prints (this screen is really nice), but I'm still getting used to grabbing it that way.All in all, this is the best phone I've owned. I love WP8 as a platform, but the hardware makes Nokia's Lumia 920, in my opinion, the flagship device for Windows Phone.

I love this phone! Great battery life and nice design. The quality of pictures are incredible! I have never seen such a clear and high resolution pictures taken on phone. I will definitely recommend this phone to all my friends.

Excellent screen, camera and OS. Super fast and fluid OS - honestly so refreshing to use. Honestly my only complaint is that the phone is a little large. I can just barely navigate the phone one handed, add to that the smooth black texture and I sometimes end up dropping it. No big deal there, though, this is quite a strong/robust phone. I use skydrive for my personal file storage and use xbox music on my laptop, xbox 360 and phone. For new years eve I went on my xbox and added one of the pre-made playlists to my own collection. Then I plugged in my phone at the party and streamed the music for hours over LTE.

These phones are NOTORIOUS for shutting themselves down and not turning back on.  You don't even realize it until its too late.  If you want to avoid the headaches of resetting it everyday, DO NOT BUY!! Its a beautiful phone, but Nokia has obviously Not worked out the bugs in its software. Too bad because the phone itself is beautiful.

Not going to be too wordy, but I do want to say that I am coming from owning a Palm 650 to 750 to pre+ to Pre 2.Though I am going to miss some things about the UI on Palm webOS I've now made the switch to the  Nokia Lumia 920 and I am SO glad I did.This is a great Phone and I highly recommend it. Order the first day available, my wife got the yellow and I got the red.It's True- finally a phone for each of us.Make it personal, make it yours.

The Nokia Lumia 920 feels like the premium smartphone it is when you pick it up. I liked the shiny finish more than the matte but that's obviously subjective. The first thing you'd notice is the brightness and the responsiveness of the display. The high resolution combined with the fast OS make it a pleasure to use the phone. Even some of my iPhone-carrying friends made comments that the display on the Nokia Lumia 920 was very attractive. The static pictures seen on websites do not do it justice. You need to play with a live unit in a store to really get the sense of how good the display is.Both the front and back camera's are very good. I took some panoramic pictures and they came out very well and were easy to take using the guidance provided by the camera system. NFC works well although I have not found many places where I could use it.The Windows Phone 8 OS feels very fluid and engaging. The Windows Store has most of the apps I needed but lacks one or two key ones. I guess they will show up soon since the OS seems to have good reviews and support from phone manufacturers now. The OS lacks a few features, such as the richness of BlackBerry profile customization or the ability to touch the connectivity icons such as WiFi or Cellular signal indicators to go to their setup. However, it is a piece of cake to use custom ringtones compared to what the iPhone requires.Overall, I'm happy with the phone and the OS. Still waiting on my free wireless charger from AT&T; so nothing to report on it's pros and cons yet.(Update)Received the wireless charger and it works like a charm. The color of the charger and the wire match the phone and looks great on the counter-top.I have recently had first hand experience with the mechanical strength of the phone. While I was holding the phone in my hand in a store, it got knocked by someone and fell about 4-5 feet on to the hard tiles. No damage except a tiny dent in one corner which is barely noticeable. The phone continues to work as if it never fell. Did I mention I didn't have any case on it?!

The phone is truly amazing and very durable. I cannot keep it off my hands. I have the yellow color and I love it. This is the phone for the future and very well made.

It is extremely beautiful and can do most of the tasks.  If you can live up with some of its disadvantages, it is a "preciousss" for you.*** The good ***It has a unique user interface which harmoniously blends both functionality and design.  Both lock screen and live tiles are nice.Innovative camera.  Very good in low light and image stabilizer.  It is on par, some said worse, with competitors in bright light.Beautiful.  It is one of the most beautiful phone that have ever been created.  The materials are premium and the colors are fancy.Huge screen with crisp texts.Office integration is really nice.File transfer is easier than the iPhone 5 but same as Android phone.It has NFC.I don't use wireless charging.*** The bad ***Thick. It really matters. If you can live without case, it can matches with competitors with case.Heavy.  Not too heavy but it is.  Again, bare phone is as heavy as competitors with case.No rotation lock!!! Oh, dear.  Can you forgive???  Try to live with it.WiFi turns off when lock.No original facebook layout.  The app is too unique.  It wipes away facebook beauty. They should improve their IE10 to better render touch version of facebook.Copy and Paste functionality is underdeveloped.  Individual character cannot be selected.No Adobe Flash support.Short of some Apps.The battery life is the worst among current flagship phones.*** Suggestions ***If the bad points do not annoy you, go for it.If you want a small, thin, and light phone, go for iPhone 5.  If you want large screen, thin, and light phone, go for SIII or Note 2.I have to admit that iOS and Android is better developed and more matured by the mean time.  If you need a better operating system that cover more basic and should be standard functionality, go for iOS or Android.If you need some Apps, go for iPhone 5 or Android.If you need Flash support, go for Android.*** Notes ***It does not better integrate to the Windows 8.This Phone is on par with iPhone 5, Galaxy SIII, Note 2, and other flagship Android.I will choose Galaxy SIII or Note 2 for functionality and large screen but not design, Razr for better design.  Be aware that 5.0 inch phones with 1080 pixel with IGZO display are already out.I will choose iPhone 5 for thin and light.  The OS is matured and a bit smoother than Android.  And it will be a good collection of Apple gadgets.  It is expensive but not a matter for me."The most prominent preferences for choosing Lumia 920 is the design, camera, and Windows Phone 8 interface."I have MacBook Air 11, iPad 3, iPad mini, and Galaxy S2.  I love this Lumia 920 very much.  Just hope that it should have been thinner, lighter, and, well, the Windows Phone 8 should be fixed as listed very soon.

My phone failed to complete the last update and is now unusable.  Honestly, these things happen during updates, but what happened next is stunning for a company that is trying to make a recovery.My warranty experience has been like this:Call Nokia.Tell them the update bricked my phone.  Only get turning gears for 8 hours til the battery dies.They ask for the serial number.I ask where the serial number is.  They say under "Settings then click About"I remind them I can't get to settings.They fail to resolve my warranty issues.  Promise to call me back and fail.This is honestly the worst cellphone warranty service I've ever had.  I can't even get them to agree to take the phone and bill me later if it turns out to not be under warranty.  I've sent in Apple devices, Samsung Galaxies, HTCs.  Never seen a company act this badly.  Will I recommend them?  Absolutely not.  This is just insulting.

Don't buy this phone...battery last no more than 4 hours even with all apps turned off. the problem is that the battery is embedded in the phone and cannot be replaced. Awful.

This phone is the best phone I have ever owned. I came from the HTC Trophy and the Motorola droid before that. I really like both phones but this one is an incredible feature packed unit. Some complain about the weight but that was a non issue for me, I thought that the device might be too big for my pockets but the curved shape of the phone allowed for comfortable storage.I cannot say enough about this phone, camera is amazing, the screen is the best I have ever seen on a smart phone, I love Windows Phone OS, the microphones are great, Nokia software is top notch.Durability was a big factor for me, that is why I like the Droid so much. I saw what people do to this phone online (search Lumia 920 torture test) and It sold me on the quality of the device. The Engineers spent many hours crafting a beautiful device, I am not going to ruin that with a case, and with this phone I don't have to worry about it.I am not an appaholic so the marketplace is of perfect size for me. I have my casual games and Xbox integration along with connection to my work environment so it does everything I need without force closing randomly (hmm Android).I work in IT and people ask how I like it and If they should get one. I tell them that it is worth a try and If you just want something that works fluidly then this is a product they should seriously consider.

I would have given this 5 stars if not for the ridiculous activation problem ATT had with it.  I get the phone, follow the instructions to put in the SIM card and turn it on, it tells me &#34;invalid or no SIM card&#34; and will not get cell signal.  I call ATT.  They say &#34;oh, you didn't put the SIM in and turn it on, did you?&#34;  I said yes, I followed your instructions.  They tell me no, you have to call us now and activate or it &#34;fries&#34; the sim card.  I think what really happens is their new anti-theft database does not have the phone's serial number in it and it's black listed.  So they tell me I have to go to a store and get a new sim card and have it activated.  Great, so I have to go to a store with 2 employees and 10 people need stuff, so I'll be waiting for an hour.  Thanks, stupid ATT.The phone is great though- the display, the HD photos and video, the 32GB, the interface is top notch, so much better than boring square iPhone.

This phone is beautiful, fast, and FUN to use.I switched from and iPhone.  I was worried I wouldnt find all my used apps... but you dont even need them with this phone!  The phone already does everything all my favorite apps did...But don't get me wrong, there are still TONS of apps in the market.. I just don't NEED them. :)It's so simple to use, but so advanced.  It practically does everything for you.  Brings information to your home screen.Facebook and twitter integration is seamless!The camera is PHENOMENAL.  Especially in low light conditions.Battery lasts me more than a day.-Couldnt be happier with my Lumia 920!

The phone itself is OK. I just wish I'd done my research and realized how few apps are available for Windows phones compared to Android. Plus there is no car dock that you can "plug" it into, only generic decks that will hold it. These decks can be a hassle to get the phone in and out of, don't charge the phone and the phone doesn't register that it is in a dock so the interface doesn't change.

This phone works great, the sound quality of conversations is superb! Now I know this should be obvious but lately it isn't, my previous HTC phone had calls dropped etc etc, this one hasn't dropped one call (both phones were used in my office so location has not changed)I like the size the weight is good, feels very well built. Most apps I need are there...still waiting for optimum app (my internet provider) to get their app running for windows. Its has many interesting options not seen in previous phones I had (like a kids default setting etc)Take the phone for a day and you will discover its a great great phone and the price makes it even better!

For your information, AT & T has this phone, month to month, for $440. Amazon is $90 more right now.

So glad I got this phone. Had been reading reviews about some of the new phones out there and was thinking of an iPhone 5 but really was interested the positive reviews about the Nokia Lumia 920's camera. The best thing about the camera is how well the pictures come out when you are indoors in poor light. They have added an image stabilized lens mounted on springs and it really works. Videos are also so much smoother. The battery life has been very good for me and it is very easy to get a full day out of the phone with 3 emails updating and 4 or 5 background tasks going on. This includes a healthy amount of web surfing and spending some time on the phone.  I noticed one reviewer liking the phone but problems with syncing. I have the opposite opinion as it is so easy just to use Media Player to sync your music, photos and such to the phone. In fact it kind of feels like a blast from the past as to how easy it is to drag the music over to the phone, much like an mp3 player that I use to have. There is also a desktop program that can also be used to sync with the phone. The call quality is top notch. The phone is a bit heavier and for some this may be a problem. I personally like the solid feel and the build quality make this feel very durable. There are a few videos online showing a reviewer torturing the phone and it stands up well. Not that I am recommending taking a knife or drop testing your phone but I really think it should handle everyday use just fine. AT&T is sending me a free wireless charging pad so if you get the phone make sure to call. Was really tempted by the cyan color but it wasn't available so got the black and it is very classy looking.

I did not buy from Amazon.  Purchased from AT&T corporate store about 5 days ago.  I have not used a Windows phone since the PocketPC days and switched from an Iphone 5.  Did not have a whole lot to transfer over except for contacts from Google which occurred flawlessly.  I was able to hook up Bluetooth to my Acura without a problem.  Calls are clear and plenty loud.  The screen is exceptional and does work with gloves which is a tremendous plus when skiing.  I like the live tiles, only some apps have this function.  I had a problem for awhile transferring my DMR free music from Itunes on my MacBook pro until I checked the box in the Windows Phone Software for Mac, "Allow Access to Folder".  The one issue I have is streaming over Bluetooth.  The sound is terrible especially in the car and the volume is extremely low.  I am 59 and do not play music so everyone within 20 feet can hear it,  but I do want to hear it over the treadmill.  I purchased the Jaybird Sportsband just before Christmas.  Worked great with Iphone 5.  With the Nokia the sound is muddied, kind of mono sounding, and volume is low with both the phone and headset cranked up.  The phone has no sound controls for wireless headsets and does not support all features apparently that the headset might have.  I found that if I turn the volume down using the Sportsband, the phone stays maxed at 30 and I cannot use the Sportsband to turn the volume back up.  I have to delete the device from the Bluetooth app and then sync it again.  When I get home on Friday I will try it with 3 other Wireless headsets I have, but I have a feeling that this is a Win 8 software limitation at the moment.  For me this is a big limitation as I have been wireless for awhile now and play music solely over Bluetooth.  I will try the Sportsband with another Win 8 phone at the store along with the display Nokia 920 to see if my phone has a problem or again if this is a Win 8 phone limitation.  Other than the Bluetooth function the phone works great and the screen is very nice.

You can find thorough reviews here and elsewhere on the web. I am just going over what I like and dislike in a couple paragraphs.Most of the 920's success comes from Windows Phone 8 itself. In fact, ignoring the nifty hardware, it really is hard to justify buying one WP8 device over the other; it is that close a race. WP8 has a massive feature set, both in quantity and innovation. Rooms and groups, for example, let you gather friends, family, and coworkers into single spots, where you can e-mail or text everyone at once, or even share calendars and photos. Though I don't use these features to the fullest possible extent, a social butterfly will have a glorious time with any Windows Phone; Facebook, Twitter, and other social networks are hard-wired into the OS for quick and easy access.The 920 itself is quite the device, though; the camera is a physically-stabilized unit, which results in less blurry photos and incredibly beautiful video. To be honest, I believe the phone does a worse job with stills than with video, and I would actually reverse the rating between photo and video quality that Consumer Reports rewarded the device with. The camera seems to have focus or sharpness issues, which have improved since the last update, though they aren't entirely fixed. To redeem itself, however, the camera takes unbelievable low-light shots. It is something you have to see to believe. Go look up any comparison online.I have not used the NFC feature of the phone in any real life situation, but I have tested it and it is pretty nifty. If you have friends with Android devices that have this tool, it will work across platforms.The phone also has wireless charging, and purchases originally came with a charging plate free of charge; I don't know if that remains the case. I should tell you that it is not just some throwaway toy installed just for the sake of saying the 920 has it; it is surprisingly forgiving when you think about the situations where you plug in normally. Say you are asleep at night, and your phone is plugged into the wall when you get a call. When you answer that phone, you will either reach over, unplug it, answer it, hang up, and then struggle in the dark to get the plug back in, or just decide not to bother. Instead, with wireless charging, you would just pick up the phone, use it, then set it back down, and it would stay charged. You almost have to try it in a few situations to understand its practicality. If I had a second one downstairs, I would have my phone on it right now, but instead it just sits here on my desk because I don't want to go find a charger.A lot of people complain about the weight. It is something you get used to, period. I barely notice it when I'm holding it, other than the fact that, you know, I'm using it. I pick up my mother's iPhone 4 nowadays, and that device feels like a toy. A fragile toy, I should add. The 920 really IS a brick. It is well-built, features Gorilla Glass to resist scratches, has a full-polycarbonate body which is beautiful and eye-catching in gloss red, and, as I have found out, this phone will take some abuse to that chassis; a solid couple of drops onto rough concrete put some visible dents in the corners, but since the material is red throughout, the damage is hardly noticeable. Just be wary that no screen can take a face-first drop; not an iPhone, not a Samsung mobile, and not any Nokia, either.Software is a big deal as well. The WP8 OS itself is miraculous. Even though the dual-core processor isn't something absolutely amazing, the fact of the matter is that the OS is so well-designed that a Windows Phone does not need crazy amounts of RAM and processor capacity to function as fast or faster than any iOS or Android device. While some third-party programs lag as a result of programming, the standard apps included with the phone, as well as properly designed new downloads, blaze open. I can't remember the last time I stared at a splash screen for more than a second.I mentioned some of WP8's built-in features as well, but it is also worth mentioning that this is a Nokia, and these phones come with their own special software programs. Nokia Drive is a full and free turn-by-turn navigation application. PhotoBeamer lets you scan a QR code on your friend's phone and instantly send a photo or show an entire album on the other device without Bluetooth or NFC. Cinemagraph lets you take a short video, select an area of the video to animate and another to keep still, followed by other adjustments, and create a hybrid .Gif animation. The list goes on, and Photobeamer was even a new app, released a couple weeks after the 920 and other Nokia devices went on sale, so you can tell that Nokia is dedicated to their phones and the WP8 ecosystem.While speaking of apps, many are quick to discount the Windows Phone line because of the puny selection in comparison to iOS and Android (150k to 700k each, respectively). I did some research, and, compared to iPhone's original upbringing of its own app store, Windows Phone is seeing even greater growth within its first 2 1/2 years than iOS. Specifically, 2 1/3 years into the launch of each ecosystem (the current age of WP7/WP8), WP8 stands at 150k+ applications, while iOS had something in the neighborhood of 90-100k apps (About October 2009). As far as finding the apps I need, I have found plenty of addicting games like Physi Bricks and Tile Path, news readers like AP Mobile and BBC News, A NASCAR app better than any I ever tried on iOS (NASCAR Live), an intricately-animated weather app (Amazing Weather HD), and plenty of the usuals, such as Urbanspoon, Amazon apps, and Flixter. Considering the last 3 months produced the last 30,000 apps (again, greater growth for the same post-release time as iPhone), your favorites such as Spotify and Instagram are on the way.The phone does not get away without a few problems, however:I did believe my first 920 had a battery issue, and, upon sending it in for a repair, Nokia replaced the phone under warranty. Chat support was helpful and the shipping and repair times totaled just over two weeks, but the battery likely did, in fact, turn out bad. There have been many complaints of poor battery life, ranging from not being able to keep a good charge all day to not being able to survive a matter of hours on standby. I no longer have these problems and, without taking a single deliberate step to save battery life, my phone has gone the last 13 hours of the day down to 26% life, with an estimated 8 hours left. I power-use every now and then when I am out, using geolocation and hard LTE browsing, and I would consider myself a mid- to power-user. The battery is perfectly sufficient for me, but serious power-users who come close to running out every day on their current phones might look elsewhere for their next device.What I mean by "Availability" is this: either Nokia truly cannot keep up with demand, or they deliberately reduced supply to create the image of excessive demand. Whichever is the case, the phone can be hard to get, even a month and a half after it went on sale in the States. The gloss yellow and matte cyan models are constantly sold out, making the black, white, and red the general available choices for the time being, red sometimes in fewer stores, though not impossible to obtain.I also mentioned in the Cons that some apps have issues. Namely, developers of many apps did, in fact, develop while WP8 was still WP7, and the latter had several limitations to app functionality, interaction, etc. As a result, some programs fall short of typical satisfaction and performance of that of other and similar apps. Amazon programs, for example, are lackluster; the shopping program often has great difficulty finding items when the built-in Bing search on the phone has no such problem. The Kindle app also lacks a great deal of functionality; I cannot use a calorie-counting book because the program lacks a quick-search feature, which is present on nearly all other Kindle applications on other platforms and devices. And yes, several "killer apps" remain unported to WP8, but as I have explained earlier, it is bound to happen, and it definitely will this year. In fact, I will probably stick to other programs rather than wait for Instagram; programs like PhotoFunia, Fhotoroom, and Lomogram are great alternatives with more and creative new features in comparison. An alternative to Spotify, available on any Lumia device, is Nokia Music, which offers free Pandora-like streaming services from an 11-million-plus library with no ads. You can even save entire mixes to the phone.And the maps? It is simply the number one thing that has bothered me. Nokia's mapping apparently is popular on a global scale, while Bing's data focuses on accuracy within the United States. As a result, one's results are often not the same on the other program's, resulting in doubting both softwares entirely. Directions are iffy, unless you are using the Nokia Drive application, with issues such as not showing exact maneuvers for intersections, not indicating interstate exit numbers, and, most importantly, not providing alternate routes before navigation is started. gMaps Pro is a third-party Google-Maps-based alternative, though you must buy it, and when a company brags on how great its mapping software is only to fail to deliver, buying another program because of that is almost an insult to the user.This covers most of the bases in terms of how I use my phone. YMMV when it comes to what kinds of apps you use, how hard and often you use your phone, etc. But I do believe this: WP8 is the next truly competitive mobile operating system. Given a year, it will be contending closely with the current two kings of the smartphone business. The Lumia 920 is the flagship phone, with the most hardware and software features. While the 8X is a viable alternative, the Lumia 920 is the Windows Phone to get if you want the best.

Between my wife and I, we have had a SG3, Iphone 4s, and now the lumia 920.  The Lumia 920 in our opinion is the best smartphone out of the three.  The Iphone 4s is now a toy for our son and we sold our sg3 back to get another Lumia 920.  If you are contemplating choosing out of one of these three phones (I'd say to even include the Ihpone5 into the list since I don't see many upgrades from the 4s) that we'd choose the lumia 920 and we think that you can't go wrong.

UPDATE: I sure wish I had known this before giving up on Windows Phone 8...To soft reset the phone (just a restart without erasing any of the information on the phone): Press the Volume Down + Power keys at the same time for about 10 seconds.To hard reset the phone (deleting all the content and resetting the phone to like new status): Press the Volume Down + Power + Camera keys at the same time for at least 10 seconds.If the phone becomes stuck on the screen with two gears turning, follow the following instructions to successfully start the phone to the welcome screen:Normally, it takes only 30 minutes at most to hard reset it. In the event that it would take longer you can press and hold both on the volume down button and power key for about 10 seconds then the phone should reboot.Make sure that you try this while the phone is charged.If the phone would still be stuck to spinning gears, here is a hardware reset that you need to press:Input these keys on the following sequence, press them one key at a time BOTH during the Nokia logo screen and the AT&T; logoscreen:Volume upVolume downPower keyVolume downThe gears will continue to spin for about 5 minutes, but then the phone should restart back to the "Welcome to your phone"screen. Success!______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Original Review:First, let me say that I am a huge Microsoft fanboy and I generally love their software and devices, even if there is a small glitch or deficiency. I have owned three different generations of Windows Phones over the course of nearly 2.5 years. I bought my first generation Windows Phone 7, the Samsung Focus, the week they came out. I never had any problems; it was rock solid, both hardware and software. My second Windows Phone 7.5, the HTC Titan, the week it came out. Again, I never experienced any problems; the hardware and software were without bugs, glitches, or defects.Needless to say, I was stoked to buy the Nokia 920. I followed all of the press events and unofficial leaks for months before its release. I bought three 920s the first day they were available (one for me, my Mom, and my Dad). Before I explain all of the problems, let me share some of the positives. The camera is superb. The screen is beautiful. The stereo speakers on the bottom are loud, clear, and the best I have ever heard on any cell phone. The call quality is superb on both speakerphone and earpiece. Nokia Music, Nokia City Lens and Nokia Drive are really unbelievable. Nokia Maps leave a bit to be desired, but they are better than iOS5. I truly wish these phones weren't ALL DEFECTIVE as I would really prefer to have kept it for the next year or two. As I describe in the following, the problems continue to mount on all four folks I know with the Nokia 920.The first week I had to exchange mine at the ATT store because it would not charge; although, later, I learned that the Nokia 920 is very finicky about getting a high amperage charge when its battery is very low. So, the first phone was not defective, and ATT store reps did not know to instruct me to use the OEM Nokia charger or a high amperage charger when the battery was very low. I also later found out that I could use a Belkin 2.1A car charger when the battery was very low; therefore, it was apparent the OEM charger is not necessary, but a high amperage charger is. That was the first return.In the second week, my Mom's phone began glitching when receiving text messages. Her phone would freeze and lock up with the text notification bar at the top of the screen. The fix was a soft reset, by holding the volume down + power button for a few seconds. But this happened several times and was not acceptable for a new phone. So we took hers back to the ATT store and exchanged it for another. This made phone #4 for us.Within a couple weeks I contacted Nokia Care to inform them that our phones were not outputting a sufficient volume and were not driving our external speakers around the house that we were familiar using with our other phones. We all purchased in-line headphone amplifiers to use so that we could get sufficient output. Luckily, an update released in December fixed this volume issue and we no longer needed our $30 worth of headphone amplifiers.About 25 days after purchasing, my second phone began having problems playing video podcasts. It was stuttering during playback. I contacted Nokia Care and they suggested I hard reset the phone, which deletes everything and returns the phone to like new status. When I reset the phone through the option under settings, reset your phone, it became stuck on the Nokia logo splash screen. I called ATT to get help and they said to soft reset the phone. It then rebooted and became stuck on two gears turning (boot splash screen). I called ATT back and they advised that the phone was "defective" and I needed to return it for warranty replacement. I had to pay $15 to get overnight shipping for the replacement. This was now my 3rd phone and #6 for the three of us in the family.Now just day before yesterday, I began experiencing the video playback stuttering with video podcasts. I tried deleting and unsubscribing the podcasts, then re-subscribing and re-downloading them. Unfortunately, the phone still stuttered during playback. I contacted Nokia Care and they advised me to soft reset the phone. It still stuttered. They then asked me to hard reset it; unfortunately, this would be the fourth time I had to set this phone back up from scratch. Although Windows Phone 8 does have backup and restore functionality, it is limited and does not restore the application data, login information for applications, podcast subscriptions, or the layout and setup of the live tile start screen. On reboot from the hard reset, the phone stuck on the gears turning splash screen (just like the last phone) and stayed there for nearly 15 minutes. I was still on the line with Nokia Care. They advised I do a soft reset. Again, it stuck on the gears turning screen for another 10 minutes. They then advised me to send my phone in for troubleshooting and warranty repair. They said that it could take up to 10 days for me to get a phone back in return. This was inexcusable considering the problems I had already experienced. I spent around an hour with Nokia Care with no resolution.I then called ATT again and was fortunate enough to get Jill who put me on hold as she contacted a supervisor. Upon my insistence she offered me the option to get an HTC 8X which I refused. She asked what I wanted and I said an Android phone. Today I have a Samsung Galaxy S3 out for delivery and I really hope to have a positive experience with it as it is my first Android phone.While on the phone I pointed out that my Mom's second phone is getting stuck on the notification bar, requiring a soft reset. It is also sending and receiving blank texts instead of the text that was part of the message. Her friends and family have experienced this with her phone many times (luckily not me or my Dad). The ATT rep suggested we exchange her phone again through free warranty (this will be her third 920). If Mom has more problems, hopefully ATT will give us exceptional support and allow her to exchange for a different OS and manufacturer.As a side note, I talked one of my friends into upgrading from her two year old Samsung Focus Windows Phone to a new 920 in November too. Hers froze on the Nokia splash logo on the highway on her way to a week out of town. She had to deal with a warranty replacement on vacation. Her second phone has gotten stuck on the Nokia screen once since the replacement. It stayed stuck on the Nokia logo until the internal battery ran out. Luckily the next morning, when she plugged it in to charge it, it restarted normally. She still continues to have problems with it occasionally freezing and restarting on its own. She is not happy with it and says she wishes she had kept her two year old Samsung Focus. She does concede that she loves the 920; if only it worked all the time.With all of these problems, the 10+ hours I have spent without a working phone, with Nokia Care, ATT service, warranty service, and researching issues on the web, I have become disgusted with Windows Phone 8. This is very sad considering I have always been Windows Phone's biggest fan and traveled through all three generations of the software and hardware.ADD 1/28/13: I reset Mom's phone before sending it back to the AT&T; warranty department. It became stuck on the gears rotating splash screen and stayed there for over two hours. I soft reset it twice, letting it 'spin its wheels for over an hour each. It never left the gear rotating screen. It never restarted back to the OS. So, this makes the third Nokia 920 that has bricked on that screen (four if you count my best friend Barbara's phone I talked her into buying). :(

I recently discovered the Nokia 920 because my wife gave it to me as a present, replacing my Android phone.  What a gift!  For me, this phone offers a great balance between functionality and fun.  As a plus, it has one of the most beautiful screen resolutions I've ever seen in a phone.  Absolutely love the way Windows 8 Live Tiles perform - move them, shuffle them, resize them, delete them.  Watch them update with new info, too.  They are so easy and intuitive to use.  Adding a new app? ... then just add a new tile on the main page or let the app reside with others sorted alphabetically on an adjacent page that is just a finger push away.  This phone is very efficient and fun.  Very cool features with camera apps - Try Smart Shoot, Creative Studio, Cinemagraph, and PhotoBeamer.  Also, the phone came pre-loaded with Office Word and Excel.  Thank you!  One more plus, among the many others I'm still discovering, is not having to physically plug-in the phone to charge it.  I just place it on the wireless cradle that stays plugged in at home.  Somehow, it charges wirelessly without any metal-to-metal contacts.  Nice.

I have used a lot of phones. From Apple, to android and then Windows.This phone has a impressing hardware but at the same time, disappointed software.One serious issue is that I can not go back to the previous page on Internet Explore.  If I push go back button, it will go back directly to homepage which is really stupid. I do not really understand is this only my issue or the phone's issue.  Because if it is phone's issue, many people should mentioned it already.  Also, if you read a long article and want to go back to the top, you need to swipe fingers several times but on a Android  phone, it is very easy to adjust your position.  It will be help to have direction button on the keyboard since that way, it will be easier to change letters during a word but as far as I know, only Android phone has it.Also, so many apps available on App store or Play station cannot be found in windows store and some of them are necessary for my daily life. Furthermore, some software just can not behave on this phone as good as my old HTC.  It also need a longer time to sync.Android has the best mail system in my opinion. Lumia's mail system is okay and personally, I like it better than apple's mail system.Battery life is reasonable.  It has twice life time of my old HTC phone which basically lives on the charger.. and Nokia has a useful offline GPS system which I believe most phones do not.This is a good phone, but if I was not that eager to buy a new phone, I would not buy it at this time.  Still a lot of things need to improve.  To be honest, I do not think this one can compare to Iphone or even Android phone now except the much cheaper price but it worthies to try if you are curious.

Pros:1) Best hardware.2) Optical image stabilization (1st time in a cell phone).3) Wire less charging built in.4) Nokia Drive is awesome, voice guided navigation covered in majority of the countries, you can download maps to your phone, saves Cellular data bill.5) Awesome camera, lot of improvement in picture sharpness after the firmware update, great video due to optical image stabilization.6) Solid build quality.7) Great screen resolution, can navigate the screen with gloves on.8) Multiple colors to choose from, i got the red one.9) Great integration of Office, SharePoint, One Note, Sky Drive, Facebook into the operating system.10) Windows Phone operating system is little late to the party but it is well executed, like the live tiles.11) In order to appreciate the effect of live tiles you will have to use the phone, customize the home screen with the apps you like & can see live information, don't have to open the app.12) Facebook messenger is integrated into the Text/messenger so don't need another app to chat with Facebook friends.13) Facebook contacts are merged with your contacts so select a contact & swipe left you can see all their posts on Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn.Cons:1) Heavy (personal choice), i got used to it, point # 1 & 2 in Pros resulted in a heavier/bulkier phone.2) Limited apps in store.

My wife and I both got a 920 after seeing some of the reviews online.  We love this phone!Pros:CameraOnline Integration (Facebook, Twitter, Skydrive, etc)Build QualityFast Operating SystemXbox Music Streaming....I could go on and on.Cons:A little heavy, but still comfortable.

Having had in the past HTC's, Nokia N81 unlocked(which was my favorite and in my opinion the most advanced at the time, expect for iPhones keyless keyboard) iPhones and Samsung galaxy2. I was in the market for an upgrade. Judging from past experiences and researching and reading reviews...I knew I didn't want another iPhone, as many have said not much innovation thru the years(my Nokia N81 had video calling 6yrs ago even thou no carriers in the USA provided the service)yes some tweaks here and there, yes they are lighter but most definitely more fragile. I see many people walking around with cracked screens especially iPhones and galaxy 3s, the one great thing about the iPhone 3GS was it's build and quality it can take a beating and not break.I was very close to purchasing a galaxy 3 nice looking screen good sound better than iphone 5 in my opnion, but something about the build didn't quite convince me so I decided to wait for the Nokia Lumia 920 and check it out (wasn't ever interested in Samsungs Note 2, way to large). I'm glad I waited for the 920 It feels like a premium device it reminds me of the iPhone 3GS great quality, the screen is beautiful, the color options are great(got a yellow one), Windows 8 OS works great for me the live tiles are a breath of fresh air you run you finger along the screen everything has a smooth feel, great speakers, the Nokia apps are great Nokia music pretty much unlimited music, Nokia city lens is an innovative app, Nokia offline GPS app and on are all free. NFC, Yes finally wireless charging, I lost count of how many chargers I've purchased for my Iphone. Last but not least...the camera it's awesome in dark light conditions its like magic you can't believe it, and it shoots great videos as well with image stabilization...having kids this phone is great don't have to worry about carrying a separate camera.Some people say the 920 might be on the hefty side, but if you put a case on your phone the weight is about the same, the 920 doesn't need a case checkout the YouTube videos out there.The App Store doesn't have nearly as many apps available that you can get on a iPhone or Android stores, but I have most of what I need. The OS is new so more apps will be available soon, I can see the difference in the month I've had the device they've multiplied.Some minor things might need to be tweaked with the OS, but I've been getting updates which is good, they seem to be addressing the issues.

Lumia 920 reviewI've had this phone for just 3 weeks and I am very disappointed! Prior to thus, I had used various models of Blackberries over the past 3 years, the last one being the 9860 all touch model.Overall, it has a great hardware, but the windows phone 8 software is not very functional hence the 1* rating. My old blackberry 9860 is miles ahead in terms of functionality.The Good:Beautiful design, excellent camera, fluid interface and very responsive to touch.The Bad:Mine gets hot (not warm) when using the map applications (Here, Drive+)The map application does a very poor job of pin pointing my location and giving directions (compared to the blackberry maps)No file manager. You can use it as a USB drive to store files, but there is absolutely no way to access the files without connecting the phone back to a computer.Managing contacts in the 'people' app is cumbersome -  you have to navigate through multiple 'edit Hotmail' sections in the contact to find the specific property (phone number, email address, ....) you want to edit.Not all text interfaces allow you to initiate a phone call to a phone number or email to an email address by tapping on the number/email address (example - whatsapp chat interface, web browser interface). And worse still, you can't copy and paste a phone number into the phone dialer!When replying or forwarding emails, you can only attach pictures &#128544;. To attach office documents you have to go to the office hub and send share.There is no way to attach any other file types stored on the phone.No intuitive way to manage or create playlists. You have to go through some cryptic routine to get these done.Poor battery life, always needs to be recharged by mid-day!You cannot copy and paste cell contents to replicate formulas in excelInserting the cursor within words to edit them is very difficultMost applications stay in portrait mode,  with no option to auto rotate.  this phone is quite

Buy this phone! I am an iPhone convert. I have Windows 8 on my home computer and the Phone App in it works great! I synched all my iTunes music almost 2,000 songs without any problem. The Nokia has great speakers, great look/feel, and I "mastered" it in just one night of playing around. The HELPS/TIPS app already loaded is extremely user-friendly and they seemed to anticipate every question I came up with. Really a nice phone and I love, love, love the larger screen.

The reviews here are pretty much the same but there are good aspects to this phone that make it perfect for spys like me. I've owned it since Nov. 12th, 2012.1. Downloadable maps and navigation.  Handy for a chase scene, it works exactly like a commercial GPS navigation unit with time to destination, audible turn by turn, etc...Even has audio alerts for exceeding speed limits and can be on in the background (battery willing). You can adjust the variance up to 18mph if limit is under 50mph and limit is over 50mph.  Perfect for not attracting local law enforcement when you are cruising w/ some of the worlds most wanted.2. Downloadable languages for navigation, Pretty much all popular languages around the world!Note, if you pick a language like Chinese they will only speak directions using the metric system.3. Bing translation doesn't have that many languages but pointing your camera at a menu or any place that has text you want to translate will overlay the translation over the text on the screen.  Again, language packs are downloadable (Chinese is 33MB) so if you are in a foreign country you don't have to use wireless data.  Search for videos on windows phone 8 bing translator and prepare to say the "C" word that rhymes with pool.4. Easily accessible micro-sim door.  Perfect for swapping SIM cards when you are evading local authorities, or at least slowing them down.5. Battery life is very good.  Yes, your battery life will feel like crap when you first get it because you are trying all kinds of apps and features which drain your battery but after you settle down and get down to daily use the battery is adequate and usual for any smartphone. Again, depends on what you are running in the background but you can set those also.6. Display is better than an iPhone.  Really!  Pictures of secret documents have good detail and are readable in direct sunlight.7. Yes, I've had to reset my phone once a week so far but all phones do that with heavy use.  RIght now that's my only gripe. It won't turn on when pressing the on button and pressing the volume down and on button at the same time will reboot the phone.  It takes about 1min. for it to boot to the start screen and about 15sec. to get a signal from ATT.  You'd usually need a reliable phone for IEDs but it's too good looking for that.  I think it'll survive the blast also.  Construction is good so they can trace the phone.  There is a youtube video of it being shot by an AK-47 and blown up.8. Plug it in via USB and transfer music, movies, video, pictures like a flash drive (no drivers needed).  Perfect for the occasional corporate espionage.  Plus, you know how many times people ask me how to copy their pictures and video from their iPhone or iPad? I knew a spy that did't know how to copy thousands of pictures they took on a recent sting operation in Tunisia and were clueless on how to copy all of them at once for a debriefing. It's ridiculous.9. For some reason when I plug in my headphones the volume goes all the way down and stays down till I unplug it.  I found that I was plugging it too fast.  When I plug it in slow it's fine.  Audio quality is okay.  And no, I don't play borne ulitmatum and 007 theme music when I'm on mission.10. The phone is heavy but a buff secret agent like me can handle it.  Still lighter than other surveillance equipment we have.11. Camera is great for scouting sites and valuable assets.  Good low light performance gives good detail without the assets knowing we are recording them.  It's not great but it is as good as a point and shoot camera w/ a Back-lighted CMOS sensor.  Can select multiple images when sending e-mails.  Can automatically upload high quality images and video to skydrive when connected to WiFi.12. AT&T; LTE internet is hella fast.13. The usual Windows Phone integration features are beautiful.14. I'm using a business plan which has unlimited LTE data plan and 1,500 messages for $35.15. Bought a cheap case after dropping it getting out of the shower from ear level to a tiled floor.  Small bump on corner but phone was working like it did from day one. Works just as good.  Gorilla glass is great, dropped it from stomach level and it landed on concrete on it's face without a scratch. No need for screen protector, just a cheap case.16. Kids zone is perfect for letting my "love interest" play games and use apps without getting to my secret stuff but beware, multi-tasking doesn't work in kids zone.  If they play a game and get out of it, it'll have to load the game again and the'll lose their place if the game doesn't have auto-save.17. Mines came with the Nokia wireless charger but I thought it would be a Micro-USB connector but it's a DC connector that you plug into a wall charger.  I thought I could put the wireless charger in my super duper spy car but unless it's a Toyota Matrix w/ an integrated AC plug or you have a cigarette plug inverter I can't.  With an inverter it gets bulky unless you hide it under a seat.18. Wordament game helps me brush up on my engrish.  Game is only available for Windows Phone and Windows 8.  It's addicting.  Download today!19. This one time, at band camp....

Nokia's Windows Phone 8 flagship device is spectacular. You won't get a better display, higher quality camera, or a more dynamic OS. This phone is a winner.

I have used an Iphone since it was originally released. So for me to change was a big deal. This phone is beautiful piece of work and I had to pay for an unlocked version since I was not eligible for an Upgrade since I had just received my IPhone 5. It has been worth every penny.Blows away the IPhone 5!

The phone is superbly fast, has a great camera, and new OS is really interesting and useful, love the live tiles it has.

(Copied from my review of the Cyan version)I've had the opportunity to spend time with almost every smartphone on the market. This is the best phone I have ever had in my hands. The build quality is superb and highly durable when compared to its peers. It fits very well in the palm of your hand thanks to its curvature. The screen is a gorgeous 720p display with deep blacks, vibrant colors, and a 60hz refresh rate that's buttery smooth.Nokia threw every feature in this beast they could think of. Optical Image Stabilization, which allows the phone to compensate for tiny movements and also makes it possible for this device to take low-light photos you will not believe. It has HAAC microphones for recording sound up to 140db. If you every have the desire to record at a concert, this phone will give you the best audio hands down. Wireless charging, super-sensitive screen that can be used with gloves, NFC... I think I hit them all, but I may have missed something.Seriously, unless the size is a deal-breaker, or if you need to have Pandora or Instagram RIGHT NOW, then I strongly advise you to check this handset out. Nokia's craftsmanship rivals that of Apple's.

Upgraded from Lumia 810 to the 920. Sync was easy. The display is brilliant! Upgrades to the UI are awesome.

This is my first smart phone and I love the minimal operating system of Windows 8. It is very easy to manage and isn't cluttered like iphone or android. However, get a case right away. The phone is very slipper and I dropped it from about 2 feet and the whole screen shattered. It is bad design because the glass actually sticks up higher then the phone so it will always contact first.Overall, good experience except for the screen breaking

I've been a longtime iPhone and Android fan that's been craving something new, yet I wanted my phone to have the important features below::: TL;DR ::My important features.1) Group threaded message (like the iPhone)2) Stellar pictures3) Fast internet4) Good battery life5) Good as an actual phoneBonuses:1) 32GB2) Offline maps + voice navigation3) Outlook integration4) Social Network integration5) Nokia MusicLacking:1) App selection (not necessarily bad)::Meat of the Review::Messaging:This has been headache-free for me. Most of my contacts are on the iPhone and this phone works seamlessly in communicating with them as a group. Stock android does not do this out of the box. The Lumia just works here.Camera/Video:This phone takes gorgeous photos. I used this to take photos at a family party and my family and friends were consistently impressed. Please don't take this to mean "showoff". These were unsolicited comments about the quality and clarity of the photos. Also, this phone does your viewers a favor by offering fluid and quality video capture. Helpful against nausea from shaky videos.Fast Internet:LTE, HSPA+, Wi-Fi. All work, all are plenty fast.Battery:This phone lasts me all day. At times I've had 13 hours and other times 40+ hours of battery life. With anything, your mileage may vary depending on how you use your phone and how often.As a phone:Calls are clear even through speakerphone. People didn't have a problem hearing me as well.The Nice to Haves:The 32GB storage, Nokia's offline maps + navigation, work email and the social media integration are all big bonuses for me. What's this mean? I can take lots of pictures, I can use navigation without worry over data usage, and I can contact my work and personal contacts seamlessly.I also mentioned Nokia music. It's similar to Pandora, but I can save the music for offline listening and I don't have to pay for it. Having this feature was a pleasant surprise.App Market:To get the elephant out of the way, the windows phone app market is lacking in selection, but you'll find the main stuff here: facebook, yelp, netflix, angry birds, etc. The lack of selection isn't a conflict for me. The phone already has what I absolutely want (messaging, navigation). I don't personally download a lot of apps because I like my phone free of clutter.Random Thoughts:User Interface:The UI is simple and very friendly to work with. I don't feel you'll have a problem navigating this phone.Internet browsing:IE works well, pages display fine from my use.Phone Screen:Pretty and Vivid. Colors feel just right and not overly saturated. Phone's brightness also works well in any lighting condition.Phone Design:Except for the protruding volume, camera, and sleep/power buttons on the right side of the phone, this is a beautifully designed phone.Phone Weight:You definitely feel the weight of the phone. For me its comfortable. You'll want to hold one before making your own judgement here.Final word:The system isn't as robust as Android so people who love tinkering "under the hood" with their phone may want to stick to Android. If you're heavily invested in the Android or iOS app markets, its probably best to stay where you are. If you're looking to jump ship from either platform into a friendly platform with generous phone features, consider checking out the Nokia Lumia 920.

I desperately wanted to like this phone. I'd eagerly watched most the conference videos leading up to its launch, and was excited about replacing my aging iPhone with something bigger, faster, slicker, and less tightly controlled. I called the store almost daily and eventually was able to pick it up locally a couple of days before the official launch date and immediately put it to work.For the first couple of weeks, I was very impressed with the speed, UI simplicity, and performance. After living with it for many months now, I regret buying this phone almost daily.The screen is big, sharp, and crisp. The touch sensitivity is excellent. The UI is incredibly fast for the most part. The excessive weight that seemed to be a negative point in so many reviews rarely bothered me. Carrying it is fine, but I found myself dropping it easily if using the phone while kicked back in a chair or laying in bed. The wireless charging feature is well worth it. The ease of getting media on and off the phone vs. say the torturous experience of using iTunes is very welcome.The exterior hardware quality was slightly disappointing. The top edge of my first (black) handset didn't seem to fit quite right against the top edge of the screen. Pressing on it, or plugging in headphones resulted in an audible 'click' from the casing as if a tab was snapping into place, then it would pop back out again. The other two black handsets in the store also did this, and I was told on the windows phone forums that this was common for the black and white handset cases. The earpiece speaker became very crackly after a couple of months, and I sent the phone back for a replacement, this time getting the red version as the casing seemed sturdier. The clicking issue was no longer present, and the joint between screen and casing seemed to be more accurate on the red model I received back.Sadly, I felt that the experience all fell apart when I actually tried to perform tasks on the phone. The driving navigation and map apps are awful, occasionally routing me to the wrong destination even if it has the address and zip code correct. Searching for an address using the bing app, then getting to the Drive navigation app felt clunky, as you have to go via the native maps app. After being sent to the wrong destinations several times, I don't feel comfortable relying on it as a navigation device now, and use it only as a last resort. When using it as a GPS, on several occasions the battery has run out faster than it can be recharged in the car - less than ideal for long trips.I've needed to open PDF documents several times while I've been out and had no access to a tablet or computer, and the app has completely destroyed the formatting, making the documents impossible to read, navigate, and ultimately led to failure extracting the information I was trying to read. Very irritating when you're trying to pull up a restaurant menu or a product datasheet to compare specifications while you're standing in a store.App support is sadly poor. While they boast having many of the top 50 all-platform apps, the experience between the iOS/Android and Windows phone versions rarely seems to be given equal care and attention. A couple of examples that spring to mind - the IMDB app lacks the autocomplete feature of the iOS version. The kindle app randomly eliminates lines from a book at the point it's broken up into pages, the text messaging app seems to open multiple instances of itself for the same conversation, and frequently hangs, forcing you to reboot the phone.I have been through several iterations of the Facebook app, plus several third party versions and all are lacking. Whether it's laggy menus, missing features, or just poor stability resulting in the apps closing unexpectedly, it's a frustrating experience way too much of the time. Other top apps which offer stellar experiences on other platforms just seem to lack the polish in the windows phone version.When on a phone call, you can go to look up information on the phone, with a 'tap here to return to the call' bar at the top. I find that frequently the phone will auto-return to the call screen without touching this notification, meaning I have about ten seconds to find what I was looking for before it closes out what I was doing and dumps me back at the call screen.The much-hyped camera has been one of the biggest letdowns. The quality just does not seem to be there, and the automatic flash is dim-witted. I regularly find that the last 'preview' of a photo looks perfect, then when it actually takes the photo the lighting is completely wrong, resulting in blown out or too dark photos. I use it for documenting repair procedures and need to be able to take a series of photos in order, with minimum fuss. I find myself having to retake many of these which slows everything down.The back and search buttons on the front of the device are easy to accidentally hit when using it one-handed. Because it's heavy and fairly slippery, the ball of your thumb, or a stray finger can often brush against one of these buttons, either closing our your app or loading the fairly terrible bing function. Incidentally, you can't program the bing hotkey to do anything else, nor can you disable it.In short, I find this phone to have fairly nice hardware, but the frustration of trying to get work done on it is just too great for me. I will be replacing it with one of the mainstream offerings as soon as I am eligible. I would strongly advise anyone considering it to try and use one in real-world scenarios for at least two weeks before committing. By my third week I was starting to notice the numerous cracks in its armor, and by that time I was too late to exchange it.

Great sound quality, camera, city lens, video, skydrive, maps and Nokia drive -- well you get the picture, everything works just like you want it to.The Skydrive storage syncs with my computer running windows 7, so everything is good with me.

I first hesitated whether to go with an Android phone or Windows phone.  After using windows 8 for a while, I decided to give windows phone a try.  Well, I am glad.  The Nokia cell phone is superb in every aspects.  Very fast reaction, sharp screen, superb camera.  Voice calling is very clear.  I am no longer an iphone user anymore.

A great phone that works well with my Windows platform.  Only down side is that the app community is slow to write for it.

I upgraded from a nexus one which was a couple years old, so most phones on the market would be an improvement. That said, I was surprised at how good this phone is.Here are the things I love about the phone compared to my older phone (newer phones might also do this):- Fantastic camera- Offline maps and offline navigation. I opted to not have a data plan at all, so this was essential. Even without data, I can use the maps to get anywhere.- The wireless charger is cool- The onenote app is awesome. I used evernote on the nexus and one time it deleted something I had written (it might have been an edge case). Anyway, I like the onenote app better and it integrates with how I take notes on my desktop machines.- Little things - I like how you can lock your screen, but configure how long it stays unlocked if you've used it recently. I like how you can press the button to take a picture even if the screen is locked (I'm sure other phones do this too, but my nexus didn't). When it's charging the little icon alternates between percentage and the charging icon (the nexus just had the charging icon).- I'm not an IE fan on the Desktop, but IE 10 on mobile is pretty slick. It might be my favorite mobile browser (on the nexus one I used the stock android browser,Firefox, and opera, but chrome wasn't available)It's a great phone, I recommend it!

5 huge stars for Windows Phone 8 os.  2 stars for the Lumia 920 phone. I pre-ordered this phone so I have had it from day 1. This review is written after almost 5 months of use so I write from experience.Microsoft outdone themselves this time. Office 365 works so well between the phone and my windows 8 pc. The operating system has so much going for it. Very well designed and a huge upgrade from the tired old iPhone os. The biggest problem is of course the available apps or lack of. And after 5 months of waiting they aren't coming either, at least not as quickly as Microsoft promised.  Minus the apps, the phone operating system gets 5 stars overall. There are a few annoyances with the music app and synchronizing between my desktop and the phone. Otherwise I love windows phone 8.But I hate Nokia Lumia 920.  I tried hard to love this phone but it has let me down so many times with hardware problems. I should have known from day one because the first phone I got failed to connect to any data network. After days of troubleshooting with AT&T; they sent another one.  Still occasionally the phone loses signal for hours when other persons with the same provider are talking away.Nokia Lumia 920 goes blank with no human provocation.  I have missed my alarm several times because the phone died in the middle of the night even with a full charge.  The only way to bring it back to life is to do a soft reset (power + volume down buttons). Not a reliable alarm clock.Nokia Lumia 920 battery is unreliable. Some days I spend the entire day on one full charge. Other days the phone simply dies after a few hours, without even using the phone. Not sure is this is the fault of the OS. This happens sometimes even with no apps running in the background. I have taken all the steps to minimize battery drain, still this happens very frequently and is very unpredictable. I have no idea what drains my battery and why sometimes it is still almost full after an entire day.The headphone jack is problematic after 5 months. My music now switches to the next tune simply by moving the headphone jack.  So in order to listen to an entire song with the phone in my pocket I have to walk in slo-mo. But on the positive I can switch to the next song simply by wiggling. Pretty awesome feature if you ask me.On the plus side Nokia has some pretty great apps including the navigation. The camera is as solid as they claimed. The phone is very nicely done and I like the large size, looks like a manly man's phone next to my wife's puny iPhone 5. I only wish I didn't get the red one, it just don't look manly especially when my daughter changes the theme to pink.Anyway, that is my review after 5 months of use. Hope you found it useful.  Seek reviews from persons who have had the phone for a while and have some experience with it. Had I written this review 4 months ago it would have been 5-stars.

Rather than go into the same old rundown of all the same features you'll read in every review, I'll give some of my standout experiences after using this thing for a few weeks.The weight issue that has been brought up by all the brainwashed reviewers out there is absurd.  I say brainwashed because it's like they have been lead to believe lighter smartphones are always better because that's what Apple strived so hard for with iPhone 5.  For me, iPhone5 is too light (I've had occasion to handle it quite a bit).  My last phone was pretty light, and I hated the fact that when it slipped out of my pocket I could easily not even notice due to this fact.  The Lumia920 weighs a bit more than most other smartphones coming out these days, but it is good weight.  You hold the thing, and it feels like a million bucks in your hands.It's not just me; I know everybody wants to tout their smartphone as the best.  Many friends, most of whom had pretty much no knowledge of Windows Phone 8 or the Lumia 920's existence (Nokia's advertising is still atrocious here in the US), hold this thing and instantly want one.  No exaggeration, they love the feel, they love the screen, they like the tiles and the OS.  They want one, and they haven't even gotten a chance to play around with the camera or throw it down on a wireless charging pad.  Their iPhones and Androids seem old and tired after they've held it.And with regards to the wireless charging, I know many will think "ahh, don't need that, how long does it take to plug in my phone anyways?"  True, you don't need one.  But when you have it, it's so damn nice.  It's awesome to come into work and be able to just plop your phone down, hear the cool little notification sound that your phone is now charging, and anytime you need to need to get up and go somewhere you just pick it up.  It won't be long before Xi chargers can be found in coffee shops / restaurants and whatnot as well.Those are some of my experiences with this phone thus far.  Nothing to complain about is this point, and I have yet to find any of its features to not be top notch.

I've just got this new toy 920 last week with doubt :), been an apple fan for quite so long, it's hard to get off an ip5 and its surrounded eco system: ipad, iphone, imessage ... since we are so used to them. Chance came when i lost my ip5, a little bit of tiring of using apple products, not saying that they are bad or anything, they are all decent products to my opinion. In fact, i'm a .net developer and used to be Nokia fan long time ago, why not trying this new combination of Nokia and MS product where you can actually play around with the technology and new (cool?) stuff. Enough for introduction, now the phone, with quite some doubt, however, after reading lots of reviews, i bought one. First impression, awesome layout, very nice material, some sayings bulky, heavy, but i don't see it that way, it fit in hand, feeling solid and great, big screen display, nice camera, awesome Nokia's navigation (many thanks to this feature), fast and responsive, 32Gb memory as external storage, additional 7Gb Skydrive, 4G LTE support (super fast), Office, Kid's Corner feature (i found it very useful), you can actually download Map and disconnect Data Network for saving data plan, live update from front end screen, conserve for saving battery when running low, apps is quite out there, certainly not comparable with Apple Store, but i think it would be soon, ... and a lot more as others mentioned already.  It certainly clears my doubt, brought back the hope that Nokia can come back one day, and important thing is, I don't have the feeling missing my Ip5.One minor thing about this new 920 and WindowPhone 8 Os, it's quite strictly in setting up the Environment for dev (in case you want to go this round), for fully support, it requires Windows 8 64bit, x64 bit CPU, VS2012 (Pro and up), and requirement for CPU from i3, i5, i7 (or CPU that support SLAT, and one other thing i can't remember now) in order to install the Emulator. I was stuck with this since my desktop was old, and Core2Duo CPU doesn't support this. However, not that bad, i still can install most of everything to support to WP7.8 OS, or you may want to register as MS Window phone Dev and you can use your real device for testing purpose. For those still using Wins 7 and VS2010, it still a good choice since there are SDKs out there...Certainly, i need to adapt to the differences btw the 2 products, but it's worth doing so.Good choice for me, and many thanks to the lovely one who bought me this.

This is by far the best phone I've ever owned. The camera is amazing, especially indoors (I've always had problems inside).  The app selection definitely meets all my needs, and the layout is just very easy to use.  It is heavier than some phones, but it's a cell phone, and I can still hold it for as long as needed with no discomfort. The wireless charging is also pretty snazzy.  This is the phone I've always wanted...

I received my 920 3 days ago and I'm not sure I've put it down since.OS - After tiring of the endless pages of icons ala IOS for 2 years, I was hooked on Windows phone once 7.5 came out.7.5 was peppy. Windows Phone 8 absolutely screams now that it supports multiple core processors. This is a first class mobile OS in my opinion and has no problem competing with IOS and Android. Plus, it feels alive. Live tiles make the screen jump out at you and it's true, a lot of times you don't even need to fire up an app to get the information you need. But it only (?) has 125,000 some odd apps or so to IOS's 700,000. I've yet to find an app I need that I can't get on Windows Phone 8. It may have a different name than you expect, but this "app deficit" you hear about is nonsense in my opinion. Every major app I can think of is here. Web browsing is awesome. IE on Windows Phone is a million times better than IE on your desktop (they should just use it there too!). All the apps just seem to work together and the integration is fantastic, i.e., Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, it all shows up for your contacts.Hardware - You could hammer a nail into a 2x4 with this phone. It feels like it's made of aluminum or magnesium. It's a pleasure to hold and looks amazing. The matte colors especially (blue & black), I'm not a huge fan of the glossy ones (white, yellow, etc.) but that's a matter of personal preference. Gorilla Glass 2, wireless charging, NFC, it's all here as well. It is heavier than an ultralight phone? Yes, in the same way that a Honda is heavier than a Yugo. Is it made of plastic? Yes, in the same way that a bullet proof vest is made of plastic. If you haven't, go look up how this phone does in drop tests / durability tests. You'll be very impressed. One thing about the battery, and I've also read this elsewhere, the first charge runs out abnormally fast, just a few hours, but then it's fine. The battery seems to need to be primed. When you get the phone, fully charge it, then let it fully drain through normal use (I got about 6 hours of charge). Then fully charge, let it drain completely again. By the 3rd time, my phone lasts well over 24 hours on a charge with everything including NFC turned on and plenty of use. So just be aware you need to fully charge / fully deplete the battery a few times.Cons: I'd have to force myself to find some. I noticed Nokia Drive (beta), which is a great turn by turn navigation app exclusive to Nokia, seems to get tripped up a bit when you don't follow it's directions exactly and can take a few seconds to catch up to your actual position again. But otherwise it's great, it has several voices you can download and also lets you download maps ahead of time on wi-fi so you don't have to do it over cellular while you're driving. If I think of any others I'll put them up here.Summary - Pure awesome, highly recommended. You'll love your phone again.UPDATE 11/24 -- After many more hours playing with this phone: The start screen is absurdly customizable. It's literally a blank canvas and you create whatever layout suits you. Whoever came up with Windows Phone 8 was saying "YOU should figure out what your phone should look like, not us". As far as the battery goes, I keep fully charging, fully discharging it, and I'm easily getting a day and a half on a single charge now with everything turned on and quite a bit of use. I'll keep updating.

The Nokia Lumia 920 is a perfect example of good high quality design. Me and my wife own one and love it. The phone feels just right in our hands (we both are Asians and have small hands). It is built like a tank. I accidentally dropped it from my table on a hard floor and there was not even a single scratch on the phone! The OS feels very fluid. The add-on apps from Nokia are very good. I use Nokia music all the time to download songs for listening offline. Nokia transit is also very useful when I am traveling. Skype keeps me connected to my loved ones and the weather app provides live weather updates. Basically as far as apps are concerned I am more or less a happy camper. Some of the reviewers are complaining about bad battery life. I get a solid two days of battery life out of my phone. The trick is to let the battery charge and discharge a few times in order to condition it. After about 4 or 5 cycles the battery life improves considerably.

I originally had a Samsung Focus when they first came out and I loved it. After using my Lumia 920 for a week I can simply say it's one of the best phones I've ever owned. I'm coming from a Galaxy S3 and am glad I came back to Windows Phone. All of my phones from here on out will be a Nokia.

Do some research on this phone before buying. Key words -"Nokia 920 crashing or freezing". I purchased this phone for my wife for Christmas, and it is constantly turning off with a full charge. Alarm clock function is worthless because of this and in general, just very annoying. The problem is widespread, which you will discover if you do a little google research.I purchased the red phone, which Amazon no longer sells, and they will not replace it with a different color. I am beyond my 14 day grace period with AT&T; so even if I return it, I am still stuck with another 2 year contract. and.. AT&T; will have nothing to do with a phone bought through Amazon. They would not allow us to exchange it at the store. We are extremely upset about this.

I pre-ordered my cyan 920 so I've had it since launch. Like my Lumia 900, I'm not going to review the Windows Phone OS as much as I am going to focus on the hardware. In some cases, I am going to compare the 920 and 900.The good:- the display is smudge/fingerprint resistant;- the display resolution is a big improvement over the Lumia 900 (I believe it's slightly higher in pixel density over the iPhone 5);- the buttons and camera bezel/trim are scratch resistant;- the battery life is a significant improvement over the Lumia 900, but there is a caveat (see below);- the camera is a big improvement over the Lumia 900;- the wireless charging;The bad:- on a couple of occasions, the battery has mysteriously and rapidly drained itself. I don't know if this is a Windows Phone 8 bug or a Nokia firmware bug;- dust collects under the front facing camera;- the proximity sensor sometimes does not work (due to dust leaking in) so the screen stays dark during toast notifications or when trying to hang up a call. One fix is to blow air at the top of the phone where the front facing camera is;- there is a very, very, very tiny gap where the top of the display meets the chassis. I thought this was normal until I checked out my co-worker's red 920. His red 920 does not have this gap, however, the top of the chassis on his phone flexes and creaks when pressure is applied.Overall, I think the 920 is a good improvement over the 900. I'm a bit disappointed that flaws such as the dust getting behind the screen glass and the chassis creaks made it past testing and into production. Software issues can easily be fixed by software updates, but how do you fix hardware design flaws? Given that, I'm not sure I would recommend the 920.UPDATE - 2012-12-24I got tired of blowing compressed air daily to clear the proximity and front-facing camera and I contacted AT&T; to warranty it. Unfortunately, cyan is backordered.UPDATE - 2013-01-13I received my replacement 920 on Mon-Jan-7. While AT&T;'s warranty dept was nothing but accommodating, my original order was mysteriously cancelled. Luckily, I checked my order status daily; unfortunately, AT&T; didn't have a reason why my original order was cancelled.Anyway, I've had a week with the replacement 920 and so far, so good with the dust issue (there is no gap between the seal of the display and chassis). The biggest inconvenience was app and setting migration to the new unit. Windows Phone 8 has greatly improved the process over Windows Phone 7 -- it re-downloads all of your apps and it migrates most of the phone settings, but a lot of app settings and a few phone settings (i.e. tiles on homescreen) aren't migrated.The honeymoon is back and I've updated my rating.

See the updates under my original review.Original review:The Lumia 920 is a great smartphone. The tiles can be resized and moved so it was easy to customize my start screen to suit my needs. I like getting updated information from the live tiles. I hope more apps are developed to take full advantage of the live tiles. I plan on getting one for my mother because her bad eyes can easily see the medium resized tiles on the OS.The camera takes very clear pictures most of the time and there are camera apps that add more functions to the camera like multishoot and panorama. There aren't a lot of camera settings but there are enough for most users.The wi-fi is able to pick up signals from most of my neighbors and our houses have a good bit of space between them. The wi-fi signal in my 920 is stronger than my desktop's wired connection. Speedtest shows my 920 getting 3 times the speed of my wired desktop connection at the same distance from the router.Having access to all my documents and mobile MS Office on my phone is very useful. I can just load my documents onto a skydrive and access them anywhere and on any of my devices. I have my skydrive loaded with my SNES games, school documents, and work documents. It's free but it's limited to 7GB total storage and files can't be above 2GB.The screen is large and displays images beautifully. I've watched a few movies on it and the large screen is a huge improvement over my other phones. The large screen also makes games easier to see and control.There are tons of apps in the app store. I spent hours looking at all the different apps. All the most useful apps were free and there were a lot of free games in the store too. My favorite app is the SNES emulator. I'm enjoying playing all my old super nintendo games again. I'm very happy with my purchase.1/31/2013 - Update: Avoid Battery AppsI began having problems with my Lumia 920 freezing, overheating, and the battery draining a little faster than usual. After reading similar problems and solutions I was able to elminate those problems by uninstalling a battery app that I downloaded from the app store. Battery apps don't come preloaded on the phone. It's best to avoid them so they don't cause problems.2/17/2013 - Update: Constant CrashingI'm having problems with my Lumia 920 again. It's constantly locking up and forcing me to reset it. There are many apps that can cause problems so I disabled all of them. I also disabled the built in automatic clock updates because it can cause the Lumia 920 to crash. After about 10 mintues of playing any game on the phone it crashes, even when background apps, bluetooth, and auto clock updates are all disabled. It also gets very hot. I've tried to play games with my protective case off to see if that was causing it to overheat and crash, that didn't help.I regret buying this phone now. I paid full price through Amazon Wireless so it was a very expensive mistake. The constant crashing is the only thing I don't like about the phone. If you don't play games or use apps then this phone would be a good choice. If you use apps and play games on your phone then you should avoid the Lumia 920. Consider a different model Lumia or a Windows phone from a different manufacturer.3/3/2013 - Update: My Lumia 920 is running perfect nowAfter uninstalling more apps and updating everything my Lumia 920 is finally running without crashing. I think my problems were fixed by the new HERE Drive, HERE City Lense, HERE Maps, and HERE Transit apps that replaced the old versions. I've been adding apps back onto the phone and I've been using it a lot more than usual for testing purposes and it's running smooth. Now I can recommend this phone to my friends and family. The freezing issue was the only flaw the Lumia 920 had, now it's flawless.

WINDOWS PHONE is the software platform to have on a mobile device and Nokia takes hardware to the next level. Pictures look beautiful and night shots are a dream for a mobile phone.

I have an iPhone 4s and a 920 and a have basically repurposed my iPhone as a Sonos remote control. Using the iPhone feels like a massive step back now and the look and feel with a huge number of those tiny icons seems totally old fashioned at this stage. Been there, done that for the last 5 years, time for something new.

The Lumia 920 is downright epic.The screen is beautiful, and you'll definitely start to see the pixels when reading on other screens (aside from one of Apple's 'Retina' screens, of course, which pack in the pixels similarly.)The camera is fantastic in bright or low light, and by default it takes slightly wide-angle 16:9 shots which have a unique look, or you can select 4:3, or crop the images to any dimensions you like after the fact, and there are Nokia apps integrated into camera experience that do panorama & other composed content.Although the phone seems heavy initially it's definitely sturdy enough not to need a case (this is no glass-on-two-sides hardware.) Caseless it's quite comparable to the rest of the cased-field, and the color and quality of the device is nicer than any case I can afford. I prefer the matte finish cyan/black to the gloss finish red/yellow/white because the matte texture feels softer, like suede... the gloss texture feels like glass.Battery life seemed herky-jerky at first (it'd stick at 100%, then the phone would heat up during active use and burn off 10% chunks in matter of minutes, and then it'd hold out at 30% overnight), but it seems to have mellowed out after a week. I don't worry about it much given a year's experience with Windows Phone 7's "battery saver." If you ever do go on a cable-free bender with the phone and burn it down to 20%, this will keep the phone alive for calls & on-demand use for a good number of hours.The browser (IE 10) is worth mentioning. I do a lot of web reading on the phone and because of this browser & the screen size/resolution I can recommend no other phone as good for this as the 920. It is FAST, and the primary button shown in the browser can be changed to fit how you like to navigate between pages. You can set it to open webpages in new tabs instead of trying to maintain tabs which allows you to queue up several paths to read down easily. And you can pin pages straight to the home screen, a la iPhone/iPad.Finally, the "Kid's Corner" is a nice way to keep your kids away from emails, OneNotes, and such if you allow them to play games or use other apps on your phone. They can even pick a color & lock screen of their own. It's not quite as good as Window 8's user accounts, but it suffices.

Stopped by my flight attendant boarding a flight and while walking to a plane...love this big screen with great battery life.

I've had Nokia Lumia 920 black for 9 days now, pre-ordered at att website on 11/7, l love it since day one.I've used it intensively day and night. Every piece of apps work excellently.Both hardware and software are implemented flawlessly. Top quality.Setup three yahoo email accounts,one Gmail,one hotmail,one Comcast email.New email messages are pushed to my home screen automatically with numbers.Tiles can be enlarged to show latest message, since I have too many email accounts,I use the smallest title on home screen.Nokia drive + is the fastest GPS navigation, it locks the satellites signals within 3 seconds.Only complaint is it won't announce the side of street at destination when I followed it to a at&t; store in west Dundee,Il.TomTom has the same issue but Garmin and iGuidance donot. Hope Nokia knows the issue and a fix is on the way.I downloaded maps for whole USA,Canada,China mainland and Hong Kong. It used up about 5 GB, it still leaves me 22 GBfor other purposes.I shoots a beautiful lake view HD video with gooses flying over and landing in the lake of Elgin,IL. Floating lens completely removed my hand shaking.Battery lasts me whole on intensive usage. I beleive for regular use, it can last 2 days for one full charge after twice cycling.I am writing the review from my Nokia Lumia 920 from ie10 web browser in mobile mode. oops, it auto sent out. let me continue from my laptop.I installed shopping apps like amazon, amazon kindle, ebay, cragslist,homedepot, gasbuddy. unfortunately there is no amazon wireless app. I used the ebay app and ordered a nokia battery for my wife, the experience is so fantastic, there is no need to bother my laptop at home via wifi or on the road on my 3GB data pro plan. it is kind of freedom. yes, I am liberated from my laptop by nokia lumia 920. I have more time with my family now.I installed banking apps like chase, bank of america, but citi is not there. Heard my complaint, citi ? I'll move my account to chase if you don't create a app for windows phone 8. actually chase app can also do the check deposit, I've already set it up and will deposit all my check payments to chase.I installed realtor and zillow apps for shopping houses. redfin is not available at the time of writing.oh, i forgot to mention yahoo email has an issue, it can not send out email for free email account except the one that is bound to sbcglobal.net (at&t; dsl account) even I set up exact smtp settings as sbcglobal.net. so obviously it is yahoo which intentionally disables free email account to send email via smtp server.Recently I went to shop a SFH, I used the PureView camera to take pictures of outside and inside of the single family house. it turned out excellent pics. no need to carry my huge Canon digial DSLR any more.finaly, I want to thank nokia, microsoft, att and mobile app developers to set me free from my garmin gps, lenovo laptop, canon DSLR camera, etc, let me have more time to stay with my family.

I think lumia is overall a good phone.but just hard ware. almost perfect but OS.....microsoft wp8 is bad. I can not find app like xueqiu

I bought the Lumia 920 and I love it and I highly recommend everyone to give it a try, especially if you plan on purchasing Windows 8.  AT&T; offers a 14 day exchange, but I have a good feeling you wouldn't want to give it back after you play with it for a few days.  It is the most intuitive phone with rich features out there.  Here's the findings on my new phone:* First things first!  The Lumia 920 comes with multiple language options!!!  I got my dad one which is great because he can use Traditional Chinese on his phone.  I think there are other languages such as Spanish, French, Portuguese, and Korean.  Since this is very intuitive phone to use, the additional language is perfect for my parents.*  The phone is beautifully designed and grips very well in my hand.  The curved gorilla glass is durable and more ergonomic for finger gestures.*  The screen resolution is amazing and it's higher than the retina display.  The AMOLED screen along with Clear Black technology along with True Black gives you sharp contrast and richer color.  This screen definitely works better in bright daylight as it said it would.*  The ultra-sensitive screen also works when I wear gloves on a cold day.  No need to take the gloves off, which is nice during cold weather.*  The camera quality can't be beat on this phone.  Night time captures without flash is bright and clear and there's not a phone out there that can do this.  The floating lens and image stabilization works wonders when moving.  Moving objects are captured without any ghost effect.*  There are additional camera features built in for users to easily edit photos and change lens style, etc.*  NFC on great for sharing photos, videos or files with friends.  In addition, with my Nokia JBL PowerUp speaker, it automatically pairs and charges the phone simply place it on top of the speaker while playing music.*  My partner has iTunes, but with the companion software, it imports all of his playlists, music, photos, and other contents effortlessly.*  I really like the Nokia Drive+ navigation software.  It's free and works perfectly.  I like the option where I can download the maps locally so it doesn't have to rely on internet connectivity.  The software also comes with downloadable voice guiding options in many languages!  In addition, you can select voice of male or female, depending on your preference.*  Everything I have is accessible via the SkyDrive, including documents where I can edit directly on my phone using the built in Office apps.  I keep my shopping list so it's always updated either from my phone, tablet, or home computer.  Photos are automatically uploaded to SkyDrive so there's no need to connect the camera to my PC.*  If you get this phone, definitely check out the accessories!!!  I got the black Nokia JBL PowerUp speakers.  Amazing surround sound and the phone is Dolby certified.  The PowerUp actually charges my phone as I use it.

I purchased the new Lumia 920 and I have to say, it's he best phone I have ever owned. The screen is absolutely incredible. Beautiful pictures and video...and the phone is just fast. The home page feels great because I customize it with the stuff I care about.For me, I have had a couple iPhones and I was deciding between the iPhone or the 920. At the end of the day, I just couldn't get excited about the iPhone since it's just kind of the same thing I have had for several years. The 920 is fresh, new and fun. I couldn't be happier with my choice.- best camera in class, wireless charging, display quality, social media is just integrated into the phone, music subscription allows for unlimited downloads or streaming...

Great phone -- BUT... It crashes several times a day and I am unable to get the new firmware. My Lumia 920 (open phone) is on the Vodafone network in Hungary. Nokia tells me see my network provider. Vodafone does not have the Lumia 920 here yet, so no firmware. Grrrrrr. Do NOT buy the Lumia 920 unless you can get the latest firmware!!!UPDATE 9/7/2013: You can flash the latest firmware by downloading the Nokia Software Updater here: [...] -- My phone hasn't crashed since I flashed it some months ago!UPDATE 9/14/2013: The GDR2 and Amber update are awesome. I love Glance, DataSense and all the updated Nokia apps!

Phenomenal phone! I have absolutely NO doubts that this blows any other smartphone on the market out of the water! First off, the Windows OS is personally my favorite OS out there. If your a social person, your defiantly going to love windows phone 8. It is constantly updating your personalized information on the home screen. No other OS can do this, it literally moves and reacts depending on what is going on. My only complaint is a shortage of a few apps. (Cough) Instagram (cough). But that's not a huge deal, you'll get over it.The Phone itself is outstanding. It defiantly will take a heavy punch to break this thing. The screen still has no scratches, even though I dropped it multiple times. Its also ultra sensitive, so you wont have to take your gloves off to use it. It may be a little on the heavy side, but that's mainly because the backs not made of glass (Iphone). Did I mention its the world's best Screen on a phone?The camera on this baby is unreal. First off, the lens is floating, meaning if you shake your hands a lot (We all do, right? ;) the video shows up still and non-bouncing around. You can also take a picture in near total dark, without flash, and have it show up as if it was taken in a well-lit room. Hence, the Lumia 920 has the best camera on a mobile phone to date.Remember paying $1.30 for a single song on ITunes? Yeah, well those days are over. Xbox music allows you to stream unlimited music for free, and all songs YOU chosen to put in YOUR playlist. No cash involved, at all. Just an Add here and there, which I'm sure you can handle.I could go on and on about this phone, but I know you have a busy life, so I wont. What you just read are a few of my favorite features on the phone. There's many more that I want YOU to experience for yourself. Trust me, this phone is great. There's honestly nothing, except instagram not being there, that I dislike about the phone. It truly is a hammer, and I guarantee you will Love it.Thanks for reading! Now go buy yourself a new Lumia!

I've been eagarly anticipating the next Windows Phone. This Nokia is that.First, I'll list my past devices (you need to know what I'm basing this review off of)*Blackberry Curve (Blackberry)*Palm Treo 750w (Windows)*iPhone 2G (iOS)*iPhone 3gs (iOS)*Samsung Captivate (Android)*HTC Inspire (Android)*Samsung Focus (Windows Phone 7)*Samsung Infuse (Android)*HTC Vivid (Android)*HTC Titan 2 (Windows Phone 7.5)*iPhone 4S (iOS)*Samsung Galaxy S3 (Android)*Nokia 920 (Windows Phone 8)If you look at that list, you'll see a lot of different devices, but you'll see 2 earlier flagship Windows Phone devices too. I tried each instance of Windows Phone on the best one available for my network at the time. Early on, I knew this OS had promise. I'm sure its not for everyone, but I have found it to be just as stable and reliable as iOS. It is not as customizable as Android, but well more so than iOS. And honestly, its customizeable enough. No widgets, but the live tiles take care of that.This phone is faster and has a better battery life that EVERY other phone I've ever used. The processor is about average for devices of the day, so I can only assume it uses its resources more efficiently. The phone seems to always know where I am; with Android and iOS devices, they can sometimes take a few seconds (as much as 30-45) to locate you (with Android, because I turned off location to save battery life, with iOS, just because it doesn't track as well). This phone always knows where I am, right away. The mapping software is better than AppleMaps, by a lot, and as good as google maps. I haven't had issues with Nokia's voice guided navigation software, except for a few bugs in the beginning that a software update solved. I get a full 18 hours of use out of this phone if I limit my useage. If I just use the phone like there's no tomorrow, I'll get at least 10. Better than any other smartphone I've used.The screen is beautiful. Higher pixel density than Apple's Retina display, and you can tell. Beautiful. I don't know what other reviewers are talking about blacks looking gray. Not on my screen. Everything looks crisp and clear with amazing colors. Its made out of a nice polycarbonate rubberized plastic. That I like. Doesn't scratche and doesn't get fingerprints. I've dropped it a few times, still works like champ. Definitely feels like a premium phone...more so than the Galaxy S3, less than the iPhone. Still has that Gorilla Glass that's so hard to break. Camera is excellent, but more on that later. About 3 weeks into ownership an OTA upgrade improved it dramatically. Now I would say 'excellent'. No grainy-ness during the daytime. Amazing at night. Better than the iPhone 5.PHONE CONS: Its big and clunky. Switching from the Galaxy S3, its like goinging from a Ferarri to a Mercedes S500. Small and sleek to Big and Boat Like. I got used to it...I'm a big guy, which means big hands and a large frame. That means big pockets too. The size didn't bother me after a while. It'll probably bother you for a little longer, but you'll get used to it too. I was pretty disappointed with the camera when I got it. Nokia overhyped it, but primarily the camera was down right bad in daylight; downright grainy. Very good in low light, but still really disappointing in the day time. That has since been fixed by a firmware update.Windows Phone 7 and 7.5 were betas...and like Microsoft has in the past, they tossed that out into the world onto an unsuspecting public. Even then it had promise. Anyone who uses it freely with an open mind will see that. It is the only phone OS that I've used that is only as complicated as you let it be.Windows Phone 8 is excellent, still not perfect, but better than everything else out there. The appstore has some growing to do. You'll find it lacking in Games, a lot of the games are oriented towards the 'killing time' area rather than the 'killing zombies' area. I would love to see a good first person shooter. If you switch over, you can count on missing about 4 apps. They'll probably be different for you than the apps I miss. I am confident the apps will come. I was missing `Pulse News Reader,' for about 2 months. Now there's something similar, an app I can only refer to as a Pulse-knock-off. Just as good though. There are some quirks with Windows Phone 8 that are infuriatingly annoying, like not very many colors for my tiles...I don't understand why I can't have all the colors of the rainbow. Also, limited notification sounds. Also, I would say that multitasking features for Windows Phone 8 are excellent, but would be better with a full-blown notification center (something you slide down to reveal recent notifications). It's a bit clumsy as it is now. I wouldn't mind changing the font...but that's difficult on an unmodified OS for all of them. I would also like to make smaller than the smallest. I have good vision, I want small print.Anywho, its awesome, I think you'll love it. Give it a try. This was a long review. I hope it was helpful.

If you are in the market for a smart phone and are not bound to Apple or Google's ecosystems, Windows Phone 8 and the Nokia Lumia 920 is a great choice.The operating system:  Love the live tiles.  Many features (e.g. Facebook) are tightly integrated with the OS itself.  I would not be happy going back now that I am used to many of these features.The hardware:  Rock solid.  I came from an iPhone 3GS.  I regularly used an iPhone 4S and iPhone 5 from my family and co-workers.  The iPhones are getting 'prettier', but when your new iPhone takes a tumble, there's a good chance you will end up with some pretty cracks.  The Lumia 920 reminds me of the old iPhone 3GS - sure, it's a bit heavier than other phones, but this is more than justified by the durability.  I personally enjoy a solid device device with enough heft to know you have it in your hand or pocket - I see the weight as a neutral or positive, particularly over the iPhone 5, which is too light IMHO.The screen:  Arguably the best or one of the best out there in the North American market.  The iPhone feels tiny in comparison.The camera:  Excellent.  Great manual controls, the best low-light performance you can get in a phone.  Rivals any other phone camera out there.  The automatic controls seem to have a little trouble in bright light, I suspect this will be resolved in an update.The app ecosystem:  Decent.  This is the one sore spot - certain apps aren't available for the Windows Phone 8 OS yet.  Fortunately, it isn't set in stone; with brisk sales and an easy path to port applications from Windows 8, this will be changing quickly.  I haven't run into any show stoppers - you can find comparable apps for the most part.  On the plus side, tight integration with Microsoft software (SkyDrive integration, OneNote, etc.) is a huge help, and Nokia's fantastic apps (e.g. Drive) set it apart from other Windows 8 phones.On the whole,  I would recommend this phone to anyone looking to pick up a smart phone who isn't deeply tied to Apple iOS or Google Android ecosystems.  I will not be going back to iOS.

Lumia 920 is fantastic mobil.  After 16 hour use I have still 51 % battery left. Sound with my Bose headphones is first class, I read all my papers with Lumia and not need anything else. No problems whatsoever. I just love this phone.

Nokia is betting the farm on the 920 and 820 phones and Windows Phone 8 -- their survival depends on the success of these devices. It should come as no surprise that the content of the 920 is first rate and, even better, all that goodness comes at a low price. Smart people will take advantage of this situation, while it lasts.The specs of the device speak for themselves. It is bigger and somewhat heavier than some competing devices, but seriously, anyone who has issues with the weight of this device needs to get to the gym immediately. The size and quality of the display make for easier reading and typing. My wife asked me to hang on to her phone, when her hands were full. I threw it in my shirt pocket and promptly forgot it was there, until she asked for it back, an hour later. Happy to report that I experienced no lasting effects -- neck strain, that sort of thing.No need to repeat all the good points noted in the 28 (at this point in time) five-star reviews. Make what you want of the single one-star review. The point of that commenter is that the first five reviewers all must have been lying or paid shills, because they expressed their delight in their new phones. The one-star reviewer had nothing to say about the 920 iteself, leading one to conclude that the reviewer had no actual experience with the phone, or unsupervised experience with any cellular device, for that matter.Having helped my wife get her new 920 up and running, I must say -- the hardware is beautiful and WP8 a nice evolution of an already fine operating system. The OS is intuitive and simple to learn. I want to own a phone, but I don't want my phone to own me. WP8 works well for me (a WP7.5 user) and my wife (a former Android user). My upgrade comes due next month and I will pick up a 920.

The only complaint I have is battery life is bad when using LTE. However, the great Nokia apps make this a far superior choice to any other Windows Phone. Windows Phone 8 is a great OS (coming from a former iPhone user). There is a learning curve, but it is well worth it. Hardware is great, fast, and smooth. Camera takes better pictures than the iPhone 5 side by side. Definitely recommend.

I wanted to switch to Nokia Lumia 920 from iphone, was religiously waiting for it despite iphone 5 announced later but available earlier.  But, now I am at times wonder about my decision.  Here I am writing as someone who is working (meaning I can't be bother with apps like angry bird etc....) and not techies who like to control every details of phone usage, down to memory.  I just want to use the phone for a couple purposes, make phone calls, read/edit ppt,  doc easily, can check restaurants review using yelp when I am out, airlines app when I travel, texting, calendar that syn properly ...Many can talk about the pros, but here are the cons I have encountered after some use:1.  Apps:  I'm not crazy about apps but only need a few one that I would use smart phone for.- No UA travel apps or triptracker.  UA is the big business travel airline.  Huge negative for me. Idon't like tripit that grab stuff from email.- Yelp.  No bookmark or log-in.  Half-baked app.- Line/viber, no voice call and no magic jack.- no expedia- no Wellsfargo, may only affect west coast- adding some appointments to the calendar from website, eg. Alaska airlines, doesn't seem to work properly.But, the phone is amazingly integrated with facebook/linkedin.  But, that's not the primary use of the phone for me.2.  Search *button* at bottom right.  When you try to use the phone with one hand, you keep touching the search accidentally, then Bing would pop up while you are in the middle of something else.  Very annoying.3.  Text input.  I find typing a little bit harder than iphone, maybe the sensitivity.  iPhone tends to over-correct spelling and Window phone under correct.  Too many typos texting as a result.  Other language inputs like Chinese, Japanese are not ideal.4. Battery life.  The battery life is horrible sometimes.  Died before I came home.  Definitely not as long as iPhone.  I have a long train ride.  The unreliable battery life is inconvenient esp I used it as a hotspot for my iPad.  Seriously considering re-activating my iPad data plan.5.  In regards to the well-integrated with Facebook, you could easily post something like photo unitntentionally as u do not need Facebook app for status update.Conclusion, I wouldn't say that I regret buying it but I would probably not buy it if I don't have iPad with LTE option.Microsoft needs to improve user experience and Nokia needs to improve the battery life.Yen Lin

Let me start out by saying I like the new Windows Phone 8 software it needs to mature some but it's a great start I really love how it handle Contacts and Social Media they need to add Google chat but they partnered with Facebook) the live tiles for things like weather apps and social apps are pretty cool and I'm sure as more apps come out and mature they find great uses for that feature.That said I have returned one phone already and I'm about to return my Second because of a bad proximity sensor in the hand set. The sensors job is to turn off the screen while you hold the phone to your head this save you battery life but when you pull the phone away it should turn the screen back on. In the two phones I've had this sensor has gone bad in about two weeks on each phone.  The sensor is located just above the N in Nokia on the right side of the phone just to the right of the camera lens.I've seen people say that just cleaning the screen fixes the issue for them, but that fix does not work for me I've also seen where people say blowing with canned air in the ear piece fixes it for them again not for me. The only fix that seems to work for me is to push on the glass in the upper left corner, the screen comes on and as soon as I let up off it goes. If you're really fast you can push the power switch a couple of times the screen flashes you might be able to hang up the call while it flashesThe other issue I can see is that dust is under the screen by the screen side camera next to the ear piece. If a two week old phone has dust under the screen already what's going to happen in a year I'd bet you won't be able to use that camera but that's not as big a deal to me as the sensor issue.I'll wrap up by saying I'd give 4 stars to the windows phone software and 1 star to the  hardware I just hope Nokia is working on a fix I hate to have to return my phone every couple of weeks.

Being a 10+ year Sprint customer I've long since been in the underbelly of the hardware world for phones. Having gone full circle from Nokia's old 1000 series through Palm products (even the Pre) and then settling with the HTC Arrive when it debuted. I've used Apple Products (iPods, iPads, iPhones) and I've experienced Android products through coworkers and friends.I can safely say that not only is the Nokia Lumia 920 the best phone I've ever used, Windows Phone 8 is the best operating system I've ever used. The two work stunningly well together. The progress shown by Microsoft since WP7 was released gives me great hope for the future, the OS is brilliant and the 920 takes full advantage of everything WP8 offers with a massive screen real estate shown on the best screen I've ever seen (and felt, it even has a different feel than most products, very smooth glide).To anyone capable of taking the plunge, you will not regret it.A short review of the phone and my recommendations/experience with it...Don't be worried about its initial battery life, I panicked when I killed the phone's 2/3 of a battery in an hour when I received it. But after setting it up, tweaking the settings to optimize battery (turned off NFC, Bluetooth, dimmed screen, blocked Nokia Drive from running in the background amongst the main changes... I did leave on all of the backup utilities and location services) I'm sitting here typing a review from a phone with 99% battery after 3.5 hours from when I left (visiting Facebook, texting and making a call since then) and with another 25 hours of estimated life left (take this with a grain of salt until the software has at least 2 weeks of data to make a guess from). **Update** With the latest update from Microsoft/Nokia, the phone's battery has now been further extended. I can listen to music all day at work from start until finish while on wifi and get home with 50% of my battery left. Some people report as much as 3x the battery life, I've seen a modest 5 hours added to my day.Expect to take more pictures now that you have a phone that can not only quickly take a shot, but accurately (after trial and error, I rarely take blurry photos) and amazingly clear shots. Taking a picture of someone 5 yards away, I can zoom in fully on someone 20 yards away in the background and it is still clearer than my old HTC Arrive's regular pictures. Combine the camera with the 'lenses' features of WP8 and take Panoramas, use Nokia's Smartshoot (selects best photos of individual people and aggregates them into one shot), burst mode, etc. Then edit them right in the camera, add effects, automatically upload to Facebook, Skydrive (highly recommend everyone learn this very intuitive 'cloud hard drive' offered by MS) or elsewhere (apps can fill in the location).Do you love music but always seem to be on the go? Well not only can xbox music help solve that problem (the successor to the under-appreciated Zune service) but you can use Slacker, 3rd party Pandora, Nokia music, etc. Many products offering cached mode for your favorite playlists, refreshing when on wifi and giving you new music when you're in that dead-spot or saving data on your plan. Sound quality I've found to be better than the iPhone, on par with the HTC 8X w/ Beats.How about Office? Or even simply OneNote? As a college student I've been using OneNote for 3 years now, syncing my notes via SkyDrive and accessing them on the fly. WP8 + my Lumia offer me instant access to all of my notes at a moment's notice. I can search them, add to them, annotate to them, anything I need. Boot up my computer and those notes from my phone are now on my computer. It's a wonderful product that rarely gets used. But imagine using it to share shopping lists, to do lists, project notes amongst colleagues, etc. Its uses are endless.Induction charging? The one which comes with this phone works flawlessly, allowing a 'grab and go' policy. No more jamming the microUSB cable into the phone or tripping over the cable after you've hidden the charger's cable.If I weren't on AT&T; I'd recommend the Datasense app to anyone looking to control their phone and their app data rates. MS gave the carriers the option to enable/disable this feature and so far only Verizon has activated it.I'll be happy to update this review in the future when my phone is still going strong and Microsoft has released a new version of WP8 during its guaranteed two year life cycle support. Meaning you will get at minimum two years of updates to this device, keeping it fresh and relevant to the growing phone industry.Have a question? Ask me and I'll answer.

Compare to Apple IPhone 5, Nokia 920 is much better in UI design. Accessing to info and using phone much faster other phones. I used both Google and Apple phones. The way to go MSFT.

This phone is a great buy. For starters you can see and fell the amount of design work done on it. When you hold it in your hand it feels like a quality product and the way it slopes on the sides helps for your hand to cradle it. Also the way all the manual buttons (volume, power/lock, camera) are on the side of the phone allows for you to intuitively use the phone one handed despite its larger size. I was skeptical of the wireless charging as first, seemed like a frivolous add on, but I have to admit it is nice to just pick the phone up off the charge pad. The camera has been pushed hard by Nokia and I have to admit it takes some great low light photos and you have to work to take a shaky photo with it. Also I feel like the image quality is clearer than your typical smartphone camera. The screen is also very impressive. It does as advertised work with gloves on and in direct sunlight increased the contrast on the screen so items pop out a bit more which is great when you trying to read an email on the go. In addition I don't feel the glare from the sun is all that noticeable.The introduction of the dual core processor is an improvement over the WP7 I had, it makes an already smooth OS even smoother and very responsive. The many Nokia apps are easy to use and stable as well as just fun to use. City lens is the best AR food app I have used so far. Overall it is a great phone and would recommend it to anyone.

in one word : freshin two words : best hardwarein three words :the number onein four words : overall quality and usabilty

Wow, the number of 5-star reviews for this product is kind of over-the-top, and has prompted me to write my first phone review.I have been an Android user since I first started using smartphones, but after playing around with someone's Windows Phone 7 I was excited about the prospect of moving to a new, fresh smartphone experience.Long story short, I upgraded on AT&T; and got the WP8 with the most buzz, the Nokia Lumia 920. Just a few days later I was returning it and going back to Android. Here's why.The GoodHardware. This phone is a thing of beauty. It is actually what made me most reluctant to return it, as it felt like a really solid, wonderfully constructed piece of hardware, likely to last as long as I didn't flush it down the toilet.Yes, as the reviews all mention, it's heavier than other smartphones, but I didn't notice this even upon first picking it up. Only on direct comparison with my old phone did I feel the difference. My conclusion is that most people are weaklings.Windows 8 (partially). If you've owned an Android or iPhone, which is based mostly on a grid of icons, the experience you'll get using Windows Phone is very different, but live tiles are really cool and better for what they do than Android widgets or iPhone badges. They almost make up for the lack of a notification center (see below). Pinning apps to the home screen and resizing them was a fairly painless experience.The experience is smooth. In the few days I owned the 920, I did not experience any lag, stuttering, etc.The touch keyboard is fantastic! The best part was the prediction, which seems to work better than any Android keyboard I've used, including Swiftkey.The BadPush Notifications. You know, these are notifications of incoming texts, emails, etc. For stock apps they worked okay, but for anything else they were iffy, to say the least. I downloaded a couple apps, like a messaging client, that would sometimes notify me of an incoming message several minutes after I saw it on my computer, or often as not never beep at all. This, perhaps more than anything else, made using this phone painful. I could not depend on it to notify me of things.Notification Center. On a related but separate point... The Android notification center is simply awesome. The one for iOS (e.g. iPhone) isn't as good, and frankly not as necessary. But it seems like it is really indispensable for Windows Phone. Why? Because if you don't have an app pinned to the home screen, then you'll never see a notification. You can hear a beep and never know what it was for if that app isn't pinned to the home screen. Microsoft has said they'll fix this oversight, but that is possibly some months in the future.Apps. I don't need that many apps, but the WP Store is pretty barren compared to the other two major platforms. I shouldn't really complain about this, as I knew it was the case going in, but it's something to be noted.Other issues. I have several minor complaints here, about the phone freezing (which seems to be a widespread problem with all new WP8 phones, though I'm sure it will be fixed in an update), wifi disconnecting, and Internet Explorer not rendering pages correctly.Furthermore, the stock Weather app would not finish downloading an update and wouldn't open after that, meaning I had no way of knowing the weather without downloading a third party app or going online. That's pretty ridiculous if you ask me. Evernote worked for a few hours, then starting crashing. I didn't have the phone long enough to see problems appear with other apps.Battery Life. [Removed based on a comment, see below.]VerdictIf you have never owned a smartphone before, you will probably love this phone. If you're willing to overlook its shortcomings, or if they are addressed in the months after I write this review, you will probably love this phone. Speaking for myself, my brief experiment with Windows Phone 8 didn't work out for me, and I went fleeing back to the familiar arms of Android.If I were rating this phone strictly on the physical components and their integration with the OS, I would give it four stars (almost perfect). But a half-baked OS that is often a struggle to use knocks it down to three.

All I can say is this is truly the only phone that has covered all its bases in terms of having close to no shortfalls. It's easy to fall to cliche and say that it is better than the iPhone, but it TRULY is better than the iPhone in my opinion. Despite being a locked AT&T; phone, there is extreme elasticity in terms of being able to personalize the device. From endless free apps, to absolutely seamless xbox live/facebook/twitter/email integration, this phone has surpassed all expectations. To boot, the phone was $50!(And before the 21st of April there is a rebate for $50 to $100 on top of that!The hardware is absolutely magnificent, feeling like the $500 phone that it really is(unlocked) and feeling like the supreme quality that has become associated with Nokia over the years.Furthermore, there are things like Nokia maps, Nokia drive, and Nokia transit that will give you voice directions on how to get places by car, public transportation or just plain maps(FREE). NOKIA MUSIC, wow! The coolest feature of nokia music is that you can download radio stations like on pandora but you can listen to them OFFLINE!!!Also, obviously, NFC and wireless charging. Wireless charging works fantastically. NFC touching works too.The voice recognition software is by far the best that I have ever used in my experiences. Not only did it understand me, but it understood my heavily-accented dad's accent! You can even send a message by only having to press one button. With it, you can also search the internet, call a contact, open an app, etc. -Far better speech recognition than Siri-The three dedicated buttons are absolutely fantastic and crucial. One takes you back one screen, one takes you to the home screen, and one takes you straight to searching for whatever you want!The speed of this phone is insane, particularly with the 4G feature which truly is faster. Between screens, opening apps, etc.l, this phone is enormously fast.In comparison to Lumia 900, it is much more attractive. Also it is more beautiful and the Windows 8 interface is extraordinary.Overall, the integration that this phone has, between apps and websites truly pushes far above any phone on the market today!I LOVE MY PHONE!

I've used an android galaxy note, and an iphone 4 for a while.  But this one is the best hardware on the planet.  It just needs a better app ecosystem.  Developers, take notice!

Just upgraded from Iphone this weekend to Lumia 920. This phone is really impressive. Features are smart and user friendly. Windows 8 live tiles are a fresh update to the icons we have become used to on iphone and all imitators. Tiles allow you design your own icons with live information.The apps I have downloaded so far are excellent. I have found several apps on this phone to be superior in function and with better features compared to similar apps I have always used on iphone. Nokia app "transfer my data" took a couple minutes to download all contacts from my iphone to the lumia despite AT&T; saying this was not possible.Some may hesitate to purchase Windows phone because there are less overall apps available compared to iphone and android. I would highly advise to look at the quality of apps and what apps you actually use. Can't imagine there is much if anything you would really want that is not available.Camera is also great as advertised. Pictures in low light come out great. There is a Nokia panorama app available for those who care. Nokia music service also awesome particularly for those liking Pandora. You can download playlists of your choice for offline use so you do not need wifi or 4G to listen to music. Music service is also free.General features like setting up e-mail, contacts, blue tooth including car hook up are all so smooth and do not require any help to setup. Speed on 4G LTE for those who have not used yet is ridiculous when downloading.These are just early impressions since only using a few days. So far love this phone. Screen is beautiful. Phone is much larger than iphone which I was concerned might bother me but really has not at all.

Everything nice everyone has said is true. I don't feel that is enough when the phone is so outrageously big and heavy. My 1 star is simply because it's borderline unusable as a daily phone.Using the phone is an unpleasant experience. It's bulky and overweight. It doesn't fit in my cupholder, it doesn't fit in my Dockers. I have to wear a belt with my jeans when it is in my pocket.I do not have sausage fingers or poor vision. Any advantage of a phone this large is completely lost on me.The very first thing anyone who borrows my phone says is "Wow, it's heavy".If you are concerned about the size, you might be better off waiting a couple of months when the new phones come out. The Lumia 920 might be the best Windows 8 phone now, but it certainly won't be the best Windows 8 phone released this year.*update*I've returned the phone and gone back to my Focus. I'll wait until later this year when a more usable device is released.There are plenty of other small issues both with the phone and with WP8. WP8 introduced a lot of really good features but also ignored or introduced others. The front button lights don't time out and there is still no quick way to toggle vibrate mode, for example.

My last review was in 2004 and I even lost that id. I wanted to write this review after seeing all the biased reviews on smartphones. Especially there are mixed reviews for Lumia 920. So, ended up writing a short story covering incidents in the past 4 days. These should definitely help you I believe. Warning: estimated read time - 5-15 minutes.I have been researching to buy a phone for almost 6 months. Why I made the call to try this phone - purely a spec sheet. I have used Samsung droid LTE phone all these days. Have used various iPhones,.. a *lot* without owning one. It is easy nowadays to do that especially after America became fit waiting for it in line for days. Michelle should promote iPhone for kids. Money doesn't matter here as most will agree when it comes to the best smart phone. Any savings from $200 budget is anyway gonna go to accessories for L920, well I am a guy who buys charge-docks for office blackberry out of my own pocket. Accessories complete your experience with any gadget.Lets go for a detailed rundown of all the things that I experienced the past 4 days with this phone:1. My very first impression:I read many reviews... well, too many. Awfully a lot to be precise - Googled with past-24-hours filter everyday since the announcement of L920. And almost *every* review mentioned it is a 'Hulk' of a phone. My excitement was trembling when I went to the store to check out the phone - my deeper thoughts quivering for a sleekly solid phone instead of a Hulk. Well, was definitely let down there when I picked it up. Damn it was heavy. I literally walk around with a Envy 15 laptop at home for my computing needs not a tablet. Well, it is *not* a matter of GYM, like many Finnish-Fanboys/employees counter. Nokia employees - you guys have to work on your names - you are giving it away too easily. I first picked it up and almost dropped it - matte black, but doesn't have a grip for first time users. So, don't lend your phone to anyone for a call in airport - they will *definitely* drop it. Well, so did I within the first 5 minutes from *atleast* 5 feet (NO grain of salt here) on a hard wood . I scrambled to gather it from floor and checked its health, took some snaps on camera et al. It was SOLID - literally SOLID. My blackberry gets a battery surgery, Samsung LTE gets many corner nicks - many literally - but L920 was totally SOLID! Thats when I decided to give it a full 14 day try. Well, howdy L920? Lets check it out.2. My friends/colleagues first impressions... Yours' too:I pulled it out of my pocket at work. First comment - portable 'hard drive'! Well, I know! It is brawny and flaunts it too! Like a Lamborghini SUV - Hey! Lamborghini is supposed to be sleek. Well, Nokia really was a luxury class - Saudi Sheikhs used to buy diamond studded and gold plated Nokia long long ago - when Apple released its first ipOd - really! My first phone was 6610 - was in-service for TEN years (i gave it to my dad after 2 years) - changed battery twice, then I forced my dad to go for Sony Ericsson - I was impressed by their worlds first touch phone which I used for just an year. My old 6610 still turns on and I could make a phone call using it - awesome speaker phone, NONE of the phones today would pick up the signal as it does - hmm... probably with a grain of salt. Now you could understand why I would want to try a Nokia still. I soldered my broken power button leads in my Nokia N series to keep it going for 3 more months. I never give up in a gadget unless I know for sure it can never wake up. Ironically like one of those paranoid Hollywood assassins who put bullets in head of a dead target. Without deviation - I didn't really expect such a comment for a beautiful master(literally)! So, I checked the weight of WD essentials - 200g! That was a very good judgement I thought. I then demoed tiles, augmented reality, etc etc. Everyone were impressed! But someone said GS3 is available for $49 on thanksgiving! Really! Even the technically savvy get biased towards unsuited decisions on smartphone because of the reviews. Reviews ARE biased... Every one of them. CNET is the worst of all! Will tell you why later.3. Lets really talk about *my* judgement on the weight now.It is definitely heavy so, it needs a good grip which it lacks because of its curved slippery edges. In such scenario you would want to hold it tight to counter the gravity on your fingers. That needs the edges to be button-free! What do I do! Let me hold it tight over those buttons and see. Well, it works! Finally I was able to hold the phone with surety. The buttons *will not* be fired unless you intend it to. Holding on them does nothing! Let me be clear, buttons are *not* hard... what am I trying to say?!? Never before experienced buttons in my life! I am talking after an extensive experience of 9 phones two of them too smart! I am discounting 6 phones here even though, they had a full browser and was considered smart in 2004! After two days of use, my brains were *totally* calibrated. They would never ever think of it as a heavy phone anymore. It is a frustration free mobile device that helped me talk for 45 non-stop minutes today, not even once suggesting that earth's gravity is constantly raising (Common! No hands-free you genius!).4. Usability - What do you want to do now?Windows phone 8 is AWESOME! It would easily beat iOS task by task in accomplish time. Please don't take me wrong here cider drinkers, iOS usability only survives as far as it stands alone. Android Jelly bean shared the stance to some extent now. But Windows Phone 8 knocks down its superiority hands down. Let me be clear, it is *not much* better than iOS, but definitely, trashes its trumpets! When Android is so close, Windows phone 8 blew past it. People who are still biased towards browsing speed, wifi and data speed of Android and iOS should check out windows phone 8's all new IE10 (I love my chrome over IE9). I could run streaming HD videos and download megs of data in a flash. IE10 still has all or none rendering down side, but was really really fast! Entire Hulu.com with a 'worlds-images-data-base' loaded in just 2 seconds (Not cached you genius!). And, UI is buttery smooth to the very meaning of butter - *no* grain of salt here. Settings precise, straight forward and focused. Transition graphics, navigation of controls, application switch, multi-tasking - all blemish less... I would never put myself in a person drinking a Microsoft cool-aid! Eew! That is an oxymoron! Nevertheless I did! Kudos Microsoft for selling a ticket to cool-town!5. Battery life & heat - one of the most biased opinions on the web?CNET, are you really pissed off because Engadget was given exclusive pre-launch access to L920? Take your narcissistic ideology and shove it! Well... My first focused moment with my device lasted for more than 2 hours! Did everything... downloaded apps like there was no tomorrow. And, configured, sliced and diced tiles, visited even the most boring sites on web, configured all e-mails, played most of the games. Then remembered the dinner. Battery when opened the box was 54%. After the 'brief' moment of 2+ hours 23%! Was shocked to see that. Then another hour with the device and it dropped to teens! Is this one of those deflating moments? Puff! Lets charge it - isn't it natural for a phone to loose power upon usage? Convincing myself, left it for charge the whole night. Next day, played with wireless charger - made my office runway in style with Oohs and Aahs...  Well, then opened the web for battery reviews and found all those scary reviews on battery. Freaked me out! Closed the Chrome on my office Windows 7, picked my L920 from charging plate - by this time, I had no issues with either weight or grasp thanks to void-wires and my calibrated brain. Battery life shows 100% and the clock was 1:18 PM. Lets do the drain test... Oh man, couldn't keep my hands off. New York downtown LTE, WiFi, location services, NFC all hunky dory! Installed updates atleast 50MB worth. Browsed some mails - had to search and download some documents from web. Installed few more apps,  played some games, used camera, smile shutter etc, Used WiFi and LTE equally. Used Nokia drive through city lens to try - didn't get anywhere but just basked under its awesomeness! Then checked it at 9:00 PM it was around 80ish. Then checked again in the morning, it was 70ish. Then continued my routine again.  Had a 45 minute phone call and few more in the evening. After a full day it was 30 ish. Then used for few more - web and occasional petty games mostly that lasted for another 6 hours (mostly idle). Then single digit. I lost patience and blasted into the free gun-bros for half hour... it didn't die down, completed several levels of the flower game on XBOX. Still 3%. Opened youtube and watched HD videos over WiFi for another 20 minutes. Goodbye screen finally! Switched back on, more videos then was dead in minutes - flat! Have left it for charge over USB wall charger. 1 day, 9+ hours with everything ON except bluetooth. This is pretty darn awesome! My Samsung wouldn't last even half a day with these activities! Will check my full drain re-charge again. The phone gets very warm - not hot while browsing web or downloading stuff. My Samsung droid LTE does the same!!! I did find it annoying to the least degree like I have done earlier, but I have used the new iPad and GS3 and they both get the same warmth. It is to do with the dual/quad core processors or GPU I guess. If this gets too annoying it will definitely reflect in my decision in 10 days.6. Why I didnt buy iPhone?When iPhone first came in everyone thought it was a Porsche that is affordable for a common man! What a blessing! When a bunch of construction workers in New York's freedom towers were using it, I thought, how did Apple do it! It is not features - you need a lot of money to use all the i-'Cloudy' features - for all the rest, droid does! Usability is a myth as I mentioned earlier - it is no one's game now. How did it then? It is the Porsche logo - that sells it... and sells it well. It was always a Camry (Not much of a change in iOS design year over year) with Porsche logo. Reliable with a luxury brand backing - until recently on the news for reliability issues with maps - hopefully it doesn't go for a congressional hearing like Toyota! Well, when many drive Camry and it is the number one selling car, it is not for everyone. I don't want to ride a Camry especially when it costs more than a real BMW! And, I am sure most are in Nokia L920 line today because of that! Atleast all those in GS3's (did I forget the all new Kia? (made of cheap plastic, but great looks and specs)) line are! :-) I would definitely call L920 as BMW quality with poly-carbonate construction with high safety rating and Carl Zeiss lens suspended in springs (rear wheel drive with traction control!), wireless charger and Windows Phone 8 (fly by wire)!I feel L920 so far fits all my needs in specs and pairing with Windows Phone 8 brings a brand new perspective to mobile experience. Hope this Finnish fiddle is heard in the i-'Tuned' world where Gangnam style rocks charts!I called up my in-law in an Indian suburb and mentioned that I bought a Nokia. Response - didn't you get an iPhone 5? Why would you think Nokia will avert a chapter 11? With apple ruling the roost on brand and Samsung the mass, deep in emerging markets! Apple is poised to break records year after year while Samsung will keep increasing its market share steadily with or without apple suits.While the Nokia's designs will be the most authentic, imaginative and pure, no one knows what the future beholds. Lumia 920 holds high as the *most* beautiful and smartest phone ever and I am sure I'll get past the next 10 days but not without those biased reviews trying to tarnish its worthiness.

Nokia Lumia 920 yellow simply the most beautiful phone i have ever own. I upgraded from my Samsung focus and loving the new features of windows phone 8. Loved the XBox SmartGlass app and the kids separate home page.

I was also a long term iPhone user since 2009 but became bored with it so I wanted a change.  Once I saw the Lumia I realized I had the same feeling when I saw the iPhone back in 2009.  It was nice looking clean fast and innovative.  I was skeptical and have my self 30 days to make my decision.  I was sold in like 3.  Beautiful screen fast and responsive.  Smooth camera and video awesome. Applications looked different.  Fluid fresh and new.  I love it.

In my opinion, this is the best phone on the market. Windows Phone 8 is an absolute joy to use and this hardware is perfect for it. Can't recommend it enough.

To start off Windows Phone 8 is one of the most innovative, intuitive, mobile OSes out there.  It is a truly beautiful yet simple thing that comes unparalleled by any other.The Lumia 920 has a TON of killer features.  Anywhere from the camera, to the screen, to freaking wireless charging.  It is a marvelous device and I highly recommend it.GET THIS PHONE.

3 different size live tiles are really useful. The phone is fast and fluid. Amazing camera. Just like  windows phone 7, it has deep integration with facebook, twitter and linked in. It adds skype voip call support without draining the battery! Nokia Music is really cool. It's like pandora on steroids.. The only complaint that I have is nokia maps. It doesn't show exit numbers on highway exits. I guess it's a simple fix when they update the maps application since nokia maps website does show exit numbers when getting directions online. It's strange why it was skipped on the phone.. Overall, I really liked the phone. The build quality is solid. Buttons feels really nice and polycarbonate unibody is really strong. The WP8 OS is a huge step up from WP7.

I can honestly say no other phone reaches even near the quality, innovation level and design this phone has.The screen is just awesome with all the technological aspects such as super sensitivity (you can use the phone with fingernail, pen or even gloves on), sun light reading enhancements (clear black + auto brightness), high contrast, refresh rate, resolution, and ppi (which is even bigger than in Retina display). Everything just looks beautiful on this screen.With hardware enabled image stabilization the device takes amazing video (Full HD 30 fps!) like you were using a tripod while shooting in one hand! To make videos perfect, there are also 3(!) High Amplitude Audio Capture (HAAC) rich recording microphones, which allow capture sound up to 140DB. This means the sound does not distort when you record a video e.g. at concert or at nightclub. And the photos taken in low light just, phew.. blow your mind. What can I say, Lumia 920 makes point-and-shoot cameras useless - and in some cases even DSLRs.In the sound section, a surround boost is given to then videos and music. The latter one is by the way free via Nokia Music (on selected countries). Nokia has not saved its efforts or R&D; budget in this area either; surround technology to the phone is brought to you by the one and only: Dolby. There is also an equalizer with almost 20 presets but you can create also your own if you wish.While some other rivals make the consumers use adapter when charging the phone with 3rd party peripherals, Nokia has enabled consumers to charge the phone wirelessly, and this works even on induction stove (do not try that one at home though). While you put the phone on charger, you can set a default app to run (this is enabled by NFC), e.g. Outlook when you charge it at work, and Nokia Music when you charge it on top off JBL speaker at home.The black matte unibody polycarbonate shell with scratch resistant ceramic zirconium buttons and back plate, scratch resistant Corning Gorilla Glass 2 and sculpted 2.5D glass gives the device an elegant and stylish look. These material combined with highlevel buildquality makes the Lumia 920 almost impossible to break by accident. The design is based on Lumia 900, which won International Design Excellence Award on July 2012. Somehow Nokia managed to make this device to look even better - No wonder Helsinki is the World Design Capital 2012.Nokia City Lens with augmented reality is awesome when traveling, but it gives an opportunity to get you to the places you didn't know even existed in your own hometown. With offline voice assisted turn-by-turn navigation you can easily find your way to destination. You can download the maps of whole country at once, which of course saves money, since there is no need to use the data-connection (especially abroad). Maps are a bit better quality than with some rival companies, since Nokia Maps (="Here"-maps) are used by Garmin, BMW, Mercedes, Ford, Facebook, and even this place where you are reading the review, Amazon.com. There are also public transport schedules with maps, so this device simply makes your life so much easier.I don't know anything particular what to tell about WP8, but the usability and design is on a very high level. Also the live tiles are awesome. You can choose 3 different sizes and depending on the size, the apps behind them will bring more detailed information. Also, you can create default settings to some app (such as set default destination in public transport schedules), and pin it as shortcut to the main menu (this means, that with only with a one click from home screen, you can see the transport schedules to your destination). It has the best social media features, you don't even have to open facebook app to know if someone has written to you. Also, if you own XBox, you can watch the video or browse the web with your phone and watch it same time from your TV via Smartglass app.For enterprise users the OS offers the highest security level possible (well, not counting RIM here). The device has features like bitlocker, secure-boot, security policy enforcement, remote locking, remote wipe, and lost device tracking. Via company hub, enterprises can publish internal apps not found on public marketplace. There's also Office 365 included so all the SharePoint lovers out there will also love this phone. With O365 & Information Rights Management, you can e.g. track, audit, and prevent users from reading, forwarding, printing, faxing or pasting confidential documents for unauthorized use.However, Lumia 920 has one downside to it: It's heavy. Just kidding, even baby can lift it and put it to mouth. There's nothing which I could possibly  complain at the moment.With above features and current price, the phone is quite a steal.

Don't let the price point fool you.  I would have paid 2-3x what this phone retails for with a new contract.  Lumia 920 brings a user experience maturity exceeding the iPhone, the platform experience (think security, stability) of modern versions of Windows (e.g. Windows 7), with a price-point that would enable you to buy several Lumia 920's for the price of one comparable iPhone or advanced Android device.  Among other Windows Phone devices, the next nearest competitor is the HTC 8X.  While free (with contract) versions of the HTC 8X can be found, (representing a pretty amazing deal), the Lumia 920 has 4x the storage, and a lot of additional features to offer, including advanced camera and exclusive gps software functionality.  My wife also upgraded to a Lumia 920 from a droid at the same time, and a month or so in, is still remarking over how everything not only just works, it's easier to use, and works without the malware concerns, the bugs, and the poor integration / quality issues of the droid.  For both of us, our Lumia 920's are the only electronic device we carry, and it serves more than adequately as a phone, camera, gps, messaging, browser, music/video player (Xbox music), portable game console (Xbox), kindle book reader, and more.  While most Windows Phone 8 devices offer all that, the AT&T/Lumia 920 combo is definitely designed to build loyalty through value not only for Nokia but also AT&T... and for my wife and I both, it's working.

I switched to lumia 920 from an iphone. Awesome super sensitive touch, remarkable display and the amazing camera. This phone oozes awesomeness. Also, live tiles in WP8 are ridiculously good. Goodjob MS & Nokia!

First things first - I have been using iPhone for many years now and was looking for a refresher which came in the form of Nokia Lumina 920 that has Windows 8. Initially I was not sure about this phone, but after some research about its features/platform and reading some good number of reviews, I decided to go with this. It has been a close to a month now and the phone never disappointed me speed/functionality-wise.Features that stood out for me (when compared to iPhone)- Nokia Drive: Built in GPS & works offline - Great!!!- Nokia Maps - Just great!!..Very much comparable to Google Maps- Office app - Word, XL & powerpoint =- 8 MP camera:  This phone has a great camera, specially the lenses that you could use: Panaroma, Night mode, sports mode and group mode. I have used all these lensed and the photos came out just great.- Windows 8 - The platform is refreshing. I only selected the apps that I want and posted them on the home screen. (There are some few apps such as Chrome & Vonage) that I had in my iPhone, but these are not show stoppers-  IE10 on the phone works great too. I found all the apps such as Youtube, FB, email, Netflix, Amazon, all bank apps, news related apps etc..that I needed on Windows 8.(and I see more apps being added each day...but I doubt if I will ever need them)The only shortcoming is the battery - The phone need to be charged daily even with less use. The phone just sucks the power out. Not a big deal if you carry a charging cable and also have a car charger.Overall, I would recommend this to people looking for a refreshing smart phone experience.

alright, much has been said about this phone, good, bad, and everything in between...all I can say is that it is not a status symbol, nor icon.  The Lumia 920 is indeed an all around phone. It is a strong and durable phone. It may feel a bit heavy in the beginning, however, the weight is not noticeable after a day or two, in fact, I feel must comfortable carrying it in my hand (although it fits rather nicely in my jeans, my sport coat, and my pajama pants while I lounge at home)the Lumia was designed to be a tool one can carry and really on for work, recreation, or whatsoever your bag may be.The App, the Apps, why is everyone so big on this app craze? The phone is loaded with everything I needed. In fact, I went surfing for apps to add just to use up some of the memory on the mobile, but, it seems that everything that I needed is on my Lumia already, I downloaded all of the Nokia offerings, USA today, CNN, Bloomberg, Calvin and Hobbs, Chase Banking, Starbuck easy pay (cool) and a few others, but, there was really nothing else I needed...the phone is a complete package.  I will never use an android again, and the IPhone 5 is now with my godfathers wife (and she now wants a Lumia)...it doesn't get better than this.

Great phone, fast, not a single problem out of it. Has not slowed down at all. It's not bulky, it's solid, it's built well, once I wipe it off, it looks like I grabbed it straight out of the box it originally came in. Yes windows phone may not have as much apps as Iphone, but they are growing, and fast. The apps we do have are KIK, 6tag (instagram), a program just like Vine called 6sec, which both programs upload to vines servers, facebook, angry bird, etc. Honestly your not missing much if you switch from iphone to windows phone. Plus, you can beam photos to another phone by having both backs touch, it's cool.This is a quick review, im just rushing as I type this, but...It's an excellent phone.

This phone seems cool at first glance.  The construction is definitely solid, the screen looks great, and it feels nice in ones hand.  Once you start using it, however, you will realize it is actually like a Ferrari that has had its engine pulled out and been filled with garbage, manure, and raw fish scum.  First, there are no apps for this phone.  None that you would want to use anyway.  The apps that do exist are poorly made and barely work.For example, the map application couldn't direct its way out of a paper bag.  If you try to go from Atlanta to Charlotte using this application, you'll probably end up being held hostage by a Japanese street gang.  Another example is the battery app.  The makers of this phone thought it would be too predictable to put a way to tell battery life on the home screen itself, so you need to get a third party app.Lets say you're going to bed, and want to decide whether to charge your phone or not.  You look at your battery app's live tile, and it says 76%, so you decide to just place it on your night stand.  Inevitably, the next morning, you wake up an hour later for work with a dead phone.  No alarms ever went off, and wonder what the hell happened.  Its because your battery app live tile said 76% when it was actually at >10%, because the live tiles update less frequently than an encyclopedic volume of Medieval Muscovite Music.

I've owned this phone for about 7 months now and its awful! The battery life is terrible, it won't even last six hours with moderate usage, its very heavy and thick compared to any other smartphone but the biggest problem is that the Windows store is pathetic! It hardly has any games or apps and it even makes you pay for Angry Birds and other old games that are free on Android or ITunes, and when you compare the apps and games of the Windows Store to Android and ITunes the apps and games on the Windows store are very outdated. You're better of staying away from WP8, because you'll be regretting it for two years like I do.

Great PhoneWireless Charging (Battery life is pretty good) Full day with heavy use (Free wireless charging plate was included)Local Scout is a really nice featureExcellent social networking integration32GB Storage--Plus Sky Drive (7 Gigabytes free cloud storage)MS Office (Included)Incredible Camera (Stills and HD video are awesome)Awesome DisplaySmooth OS--Still lacking a few features..almost there!!Great Maps!!Smooth UIMost of the apps are there, could use a few moreInternet Explorer 10 is fantastic.Adobe flash still missing, but I got used to not having it with my IphonePhone is heavier than other phones I have owned, however build quality is amazing!!Nokia apps are a plus!!Voice recognition is good, could be better. (Full bluetooth conversations via text, without picking up phone is awesome!XBOX Live plus Nokia Music is great!! (I use the yearly subscription. access to a huge library of downloadable songs for 10.00 monthAT&T; LTE (Philadelphia) extremely fastExcellent call qualityI chose this over Galaxy S3, HTC 8X, and Iphone 5

I am not happy with the Nokia 920.I have owned it for three months.I bought it because it was supposed to have the best camera.Yes it has a Zeiss lens. But the camera is HORRIBLE!  It opens up to a wide angle, as do most digital cameras, with no  option to change that distortion. The color balance it way off into the blue purple range.  Of course I can correct the color balance but I can't correct the distortion.  It takes too long to process an image so the camera is useless for people or anything that moves.  If you subject is complicated it can take up to 10 seconds for the camera to decide to focus and shoot, again way tooo long. The phone reviews  boast that you can use the camera with out turning on the phone, but the button is hard to press and takes 7 seconds to open, too long , a missed shot.The photos app , to view your photos, be it ones that you took with the camera, ones from sky drive, or ones that you down loaded has a bug.  When you access this app the images , and menu appears scrambled. It takes two or three attempts to get this app to function.I have to tried to contact Nokia  many times, they just send me a no -reply email.The phone is heavy, and larger in dimensions then most, I'm told that is because of the camera. This presents a problem fitting it into pockets, and a problem with car mounts described below.The  battery life is HORRILBE, if you are using the phone  it's a max four hours, even though the phone will tell you 18 hours left!  The only way to get decent battery life is to turn EVERYTHING down. That is the brightness of the screen, the screen time to thirty seconds, etc, etc,GPS, even off line, eats up the battery completely, so you have to run it on a charger.Even in the longest screen time, it is a pain to keep on turning on the screen  so that you can see a map while you are driving.  GPS is in  Beta stage, still with mistakes and not as easy to use as a Garmin or Tom-tom ( we own both.)In my case I could not find a car  phone mount that was compatible with the phone and my car a sante fe hundai.  Due to the weight of the phone the phone falls off of the window.  It is also big enough to cause a considerable blind spot. If I placed the phone jack to left of the wheel, the power cord ( it need to be on the charger)  interferes with the wheel. No jack stuck to the dash board successfully.  This situation makes it impossible to see a gps or answer a phone for a quick " I will call you back " as the phone has to sit in a cup holder.Music quality of the phone is flat and Tinny.I do not play any games so I can't comment .There ARE a decent  amount of APPs available for the phone, although I have been disappointed with all that I've paid for. The trial is not a trial just a description  and then the app offers nothing , so I have to do a web search.  Most of the free apps have  been decent. (BTW although I am a paid subscriber to WSJ their app is only video content, not their  news paper.)This phone is sold  exclusively thought ATT. The people in the store know nothing about  the phone, including how to use it or how to set it up. Right out the door they set the phone up to be located in Turkmenistan( !!) , not USA and I could not find the  right settings window to change it.  This wrong setting caused and error message when I tried to down load  any APP saying I was in the wrong region ( I am located in the Seattle and I was in the wrong region to load the Seattle Times! Oy! !! )  The people at a "Windows store" helped. Dealing with ATT is excruciating.Don't listen to ATT false advertising, tremendous amount of call drop.As I live in Seattle  (think Microsoft) many of the  potential customers in the ATT store were jazzed about the phone and the online reviews mis-lead me to think this was the best product for my needs.On the up side the windows tiles are great. Also as I am a MSN customer, the link to Outlook is helpful.

I love my Lumia 920. I'm a business man and approaching 50 and I am not interested in all of the "cores" and "settings" and "custom ringtones" and all the other stuff people seem to spend hours playing with on their cell phones that they think is important. I've gone thru that stage and gotten it out of my system. I used to love to geek out on my phones thru XDA developers. Been there. Done that. Windows 8 is fast, fluid, gorgeous, eye catching, intuitive, functional and easy to learn. This phone syncs my multiple emails, multiple calendars, backs up documents, photos, apps and texts to the cloud, streams music, has free GPS voice guided navigation, a monster camera, Photosynth, Sky Drive and Microsoft Office. It has over 100,000 apps as well. The phone feels good in my hand and is built better than any phone out there. There are videos on You Tube of a guy pounding in a nail with his Lumia 920.You can't break this phone by dropping it.The home screen and live tiles are very customizable, the WiFi is excellent, the apps I need are there and the Nokia suite of exclusive apps makes this phone better than any other Windows Phone out there. I just saw that Verizon is getting a version and that the cases will be brushed aluminum. Those are going to be really nice. I actually got a Samsung Galaxy S3 last year and tried to forget my Lumia 900 I had prior. I thought that, based on all the hype, that the Galaxy would be fine. it wasn't. There were settings for setting within settings and the battery couldn't go 7 hours. I used it for 2 months and swapped it for a Lumia 920. Windows Phone is just cleaner, faster and smarter an OS than Android. Well, I think so at least.So go into a store and check out the 920 and do your research and compare. Most of the negative reviews on here seem to come from people who aren't smarter than their phones. Sorry.

I purchased this phone shortly after owning the Lumia 900 and it is packing features and a camera you could only wish the iPhone had. I love the Windows Phone 8 software which is such a breath of fresh air. The keyboard is so easy to use. The live tiles make it quick and simple to view and post updates to Twitter,Facebook, and LinkedIn. Pandora,Find My Coffee, Temple Run are just a few of the new apps added to the platform that makes this ecosystem much more viable now. Can't say enough just strongly recommend you give it a try!!

I was frustrated for the 1st week about the battery life. I thought it was horrible, after 4-5 hours heavy used, the baterry ran down to 30%. So disappointed. However, I did some homework and now, I got 8 hrs used and till have 40% left. So happy. Do urself a favor, get this phone and following this:[...]Problem solved.Beside that, love everything. Lumia 920 is amazing compare to my old plastic galaxy note 1 and the old styled iPhone. Best phone ever from Nokia. Love it. :)

I bought the Lumia 920 from AT&T. I was replacing an HTC EVO Android smartphone. I love the Lumia 920. It has a beautiful design, feels solid (and is solid,,,I dropped it on the concrete and not a scratch on gorilla glass and still works!!). The camera with Pureview is the best I have seen. The phone is so intuitive to use and Windows Phone 8 operating system is integrated and flows with all apps...I like WP8 OS much better than Android. Android was much more complicated to use. Nokia also has an "offline" Maps feature which allows you to use GPS offline for driving or walking etc,,,and not use any data whatsoever. It also has a powerful Bing language translator (with many language packs) which can also be used offline. I love my Nokia 920!!

A phone and an OS that meet in the middle that compliment each other beyond words. I've had many iphone users in the last week say "Wow! What phone is that?!?" Most of them are now going to the Lumia 920 because the whole "get an extra row of icons iphone5 for several hundred dollars more" and the new apple update has slowed down their 4S phones even more. Oh and also did you hear the one about "An apple fan walks into a bar, sits down in their usual seat and orders their usual drink but this time they paid a little more" Don't be that apple fan!

Every other review has covered all the big stuff so I recommend you read several of them, but let me tell you about the small stuff. They have changed the tell me network voice and have added a male voice. These now have a richer sound and more intonation than before, the network seems faster at processing the dictation and I would say I am noticing better accuracy. I use TellMe with a wired headset many, many times a day everyday and it has become an important part of how I get things done. Since I have my headset in all day long the ability for developers to use the TellMe API's in their apps is huge. I can use my voice to open apps and perform tasks in those apps. For example I can use my voice to open Audible and start my book playing without ever looking at my phone.Next their are some great improvements to texting in the phone. They now are not only predicting what word you are typing but what word you may intend to type next. I found this very useful and a pleasing surprise as I never saw this feature update get any press.Let me just cover the criticism of the weight I have seen out there, by saying it is not really an issue when compared to the feel of solidness you get when handling the phone.The phones screen is amazing I kept putting drops of water on it when I first got it to see if I could see pixels when magnified and I still could not. The speed of the screen really makes itself apparent when scrolling black text on a white back ground, there is no blur when the text is in motion.The camera is truly the sweet spot for me, I take a lot of photos and many of them indoors or in poor light and that is where this camera shines. And the ability to have images auto-upload to ShyDrive at full resolution is great.I will amend this as I spend more time with the phone.***edit***01/23/13I have spent more time with the phone and have now changed my rating to five stars. Nokia have updated the camera and nearly every Nokia app several times in the last month and half. They have taken a great phone camera and made it that much better. Nokia took care of the issues with daytime photos and sped up the taking of dark photos.

I bought this phone about a year ago, it randomly shuts down, you have to restart it all the time, and the Nokia customer service people are no help at all.Barely one year later, the phone shut down completely and it won't start back up. Even though the problem was persistent throughout the warranty period, Nokia would not provide warranty service.Get an i-phone, a Samsung, or any other phone that is actually not a total piece of garbage, like this one.

I've had several iPhones and this is far better. The design is excellent. Camera and video are top-notch.Nokia Drive is flawless. Last but not least, now that I'm used to this screen I couldn't go back to an iPhone.

Dang ...!!This is the real Smartphone.A Well trusted company from mobile ages, classy, elegent design, great build quality, awesome battery life, Smooth Os, Tons of NECESSARY Apps.I was up for an upgrade and was deciding in Lumia 920 or Galaxy SIII.Since i am android fan i was up for Galaxy sIII until i looked at this phone in the stores and the hype it carried before prerelease on youtube.After watching review videos on youtube where in every video lumia 920 outsmarted galaxy SIII ( this is also a great phone :) ) i thought to give it a try. ( Also i was getting bored of Android and wanted a change .. No Not iphone for me ... thats the most dumbest phone i belive)Reasons :WP8 : Stable OS.Can't be compared with Android (Android is in the skies right now ... and W98 is climbing up) yes but the features it carries are awesome and well worth.WP8 is a win..!! Buttery Smooth OS No lag whatsoever unlike Android who made it now when they reached JB.The Ease of the OS is awesome anything you want just pin it and done.One of the best OS out there simply better in this segment than Android and IOS.Microsoft really wants to play it hard to compete GOOGLE and APPLE.Updates are preidic.App Store is less comptetive as compared to Google & Apple Apps Store but all the necessary apps are there.Its increasing dialy .. lot of apps are counted in as such.If you are nto App Frenzy and all the required apps you need, you can get it on Windows App Mkt.BATTERY LIFE:Android phones are awesome however the battery life sucks on those.I had 2 Android Phones i am well aware of it.But there are also reasons for that .. OS is much powerful and thus requires a lot of battery.NOKIA has always been a king in Battery Life.This is my 4th NOKIA phone. ( 3310, N72, N73 and now LUMIA 920 )I am getting 27hrs of battery life. ( Not Kidding ... M serious) with full use (4g lte, listening music while commuting, facebooking, transit maps and all)I just charge this phone during nights while sleeping thats it.I know few people are suffering from Battery Problem but dont blam the company the phones you may have got are unfortunately are defective.I think 17hrs+ battery life you can easily get on the lumia 920.Just let your phone drain 2-3 times intially and then go to go.NOKIA APPS :The best bundle one can get with WP8 Apps.This is a win.Lots of well trusted, awesome Nokia Apps which are your daily needs is a complete win.MUSIC : This Phones puts other music players and phones to shame.Insanely Awesome.MAPS : Offline navigation Oh boy... What else one needs.Touch Sensitivity is great so is the UI.Also if you are the fan of GOOGLE MAPS .. dont worry You have app Named GMaps which solves your purpose.Please APPLE MAPS cant be compared with these.They Suck.CITY LENS: This is a most innovative app in the mobile industry and is the best.Accurate Judgment.By far the best.CAMERA :Best Camera No Words... Watch Youtube for detailed reviews on this.Low Light Pics.. Now thats a innovation.1080P Video is just awesome.Nokia has always won in the Camera Segment i had a Nokia N73 with 3.2 mp carl zeis optics.That phone was the king... and had the best camera those days.Apps in Camera :All are good and awesome.If need all the advance settings go with Proshot App its a great App.MEMORY : 32 Gb Internal.Well that was never a concern for me. I personally feel 32gb is more than sufficient for us in our smartphones... unless people really want to put blu ray movies in their phones.I had Samsung Galaxy SII 16gb internal + 16gb External and i never crossed 25gb.So i am okay with it.DISPLAY :The display is gorgeous and PureMotion HD+ display (WXGA (1280  768) is just great.I know as per the CES 2013 all cell phones are coming with 1080p HD Display but still this Display is insanely awesome and does the work it needs to.Galaxy SIII's Display is not as good as Lumia 920s ... Agh.. Iphone .. damn i hardly care about it.I recommend this phone to anyone who wants to try to go with new OS and a Awesome Trusted Smartphone.

I have had my phone for over a year now and I thought I would leave a review about.The things I like about the phone areEase of use, Sound, video and phone quality, Hard Drive SizeI have 20gbs worth of music on it along with watching movies on the XBOX video appDay time photo are the best along with night time.Day time video is goodHas a few good apps, here are some I likeGamesLet's golf 2- Battery hog, Microsoft Solitaire Collections- Battery hog, Tetris Blitz, AE BasketballAE Bowling 3D, AE Jewels, Fun-Putt Mini GolfA few apps I likeShopping List, Snes8x, Track Runner battery hog &#34;GPS&#34;, Geocahing Plus, Bookviser.Dislike night time video is not the best in pitch blackWatching movies and TV shows drains the batteryUsing GPS also is a battery hog.Despite some APPS being a battery hog this is an excellent phone and I would recommend it to anyone.I plan on getting a http://www.amazon.com/Synology-DiskStation-Diskless-Attached-DS213j/dp/B00CRB9CK4/ref=sr_1_1?s=pc&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1401236579&sr;=1-1 that way I can use the Synology software on the windows phone tostream music, movies and TV shows, not unless Microsoft makes a windows media center app by the endof summer I can skip this and be one happy camper..

A little background. I really liked Nokia phones in the past. When they dropped Symbian I got iPhone 4S and used it for 1.5 year as my main phone. When it was time to upgrade I did some research and was choosing between HTC One, iPhone 5 and this phone. I didn't like Android version of HTC, though the casing/hardware is stunning. iPhone 5 was familiar but seemed dated, plus the screen quality seemed inferior to Nokia's. In two days I set all the apps I was using on iPhone (I am not a big app user - maps, outlook email, United airlines, Chase bank, flash, calculator, FB). iPhone goes on craig's list. Didn't see any issues yet. After light day's usage with phone calls, emails, taking few pics, there is more then half battery left. Had it for a week, it dropped ones, no scratches and I don't have a case. The similar drop of iPhone resulted in a chip. I highly recommend this phone.

The phone is great and everything, but when you go and try to get apps or especially games, there is hardly a selection and the ones they have completely look like trash, just garbage compare to other product selections.  Bottom line no cool games on this phone, Also some apps and games will freeze up the phone and cause it to heat up and lose all its battery power in like an hour. ridiculous! I have it plug in to the wall and I'm using it and it still loses all it's power. Bottom if you don't care for games! or apps! then get this phone! hah! ****ing MS they never fail to dissappoint! yeah im bitter ^.^

For an almost 2 year old phone, it still feels pretty darn modern! I've had one since it came out, and I bought one for my husband back in February because he was sick of all the issues with his Samsung and Motorola Android phones: poor bluetooth connectivity, constantly freezing, poor battery life, he always complained that it felt cheap (like it was about to fall apart, from day one), apps always crashing, frequently rebooting itself. The list goes on. We both love Windows Phone 8, and even upgraded to 8.1 under the Developer Preview program. It's fast, reliable, and smooth. You really have control over the bulk of the phones functionality, including what apps can run in the background. Mine, as I said is 1.5~ years old, and the battery is just as reliable (maybe a little more so with recent updates) as when I first got it, and I use it pretty heavily on a daily bases, especially when traveling. I have never once placed a screen protector on it, because I hate how they make the phone/screen look.  I have had people knock it out of my hand, kittens run across it full speed with claws out, dropped keys on the screen (accidentally when putting them in the search-bin at the airport), and it only has 1 scratch on the screen. Just one, that you can only see at the right angle. We both love this phone, and plan to get the next &#34;version&#34; of it when it comes out (hopefully towards the end of the year; Bing/Google Nokia Goldfinger or Nokia Mclaren). This is a true Nokia phone; it breaks the floor, not the other way around.

If you are a professional and really want to improve your productivity, WP8 and Lumia 920 is the phone for you. I have owned android phone in the past, but all I did on it was playing angry birds, temple runner, etc. and wasted my time enough with games and various entertainment apps. Now, I don't even open them. Android and iphone are good for entertainment, but after certain time we need to grow up and improve our productivity. Lumia 920 has one of the best design where it is extremely convenient to type on touch screen + the resolution is cutting-edge.I am also quite impressed with wireless charger with nokia. It is way convenient to put the phone on charging plate.

I love everything about this phone. It's amazing. Most of all: IT'S STABLE!I switched from Android after having 3 Android phones (DroidX, DroidX2 and Samsung Galaxy Nexus) and I couldn't be happier. Windows Phone is faster, has higher quality apps, and is far, far, far more stable and easy to use than any Android phone.There are some apps missing from the Store that I used on Android, but most already have 3rd party replacements or are scheduled to be released in 2012 (Like Spotify, Instagram, and Pandora for example). Instead, I have apps like Xbox Music, which I've found to be a fantastic replacement for Spotify. The app is cleaner, has a huge music library, and syncs instantly with my Windows 8 PC.I've found that Nokia Maps is REALLY great now that the Nokia Lumia 920 has received an update since it's release. Having free GPS on my phone was a requirement to switch and Nokia nailed it. I don't even miss Google Maps anymore.I still have common apps like Evernote, Glympse, Skype, and of course Angry Birds. I even have a third party Google Mapps app to find my Android friends on Latitude. So even popular Google services are available in some fashion. But between the apps and the Xbox games, the AWESOME battery life with LTE (I NEVER had that on Android!!!), Wireless Charging, and incredible camera: There is nothing about this phone not to enjoy.I can only point out that it's heavier than other smartphones as a negative. But when you're talking weight in Grams, "heavy" is negligible.Nokia adds incredible value to the Windows Phone platform and is surely the #1 choice for Windows Phone 8.

In the past 10 years I have owned Symbian based phones, a couple of BB's, an android, and the Lumia 920. This is by far the best phone I ever owned. Great hardware, great camera, a little heavy but I got used to it pretty quick, and the software is very fluid, modern and usable... Well done Nokia, and well done Microsoft! Great innovation, finally something to give a push to the smart phone technology after so much stagnant dominance from iOS and Android....

Worth giving it a try! Sometimes Windows 8 lets down, nevertheless, it is still a fantastic smartphone with awesome camera.

Hands down the smartphone out there. Weight is not an issue-if just feels fine. Love it. Waiting for some more apps to develop, which is just a matter of time

Last year I bought a Black Lumia 900 from AT&T.; Not upgrade eligible yet, but instead got a unlocked 920 as a winning.The phone's review will have to incorporate bits from the OS too, so let's be done with that first. Live Tile remains one of the best interface innovation on any platform, the addition of a smaller size of tile makes thing only better. Ability to change tile size of any app depending on user's priority is simply brilliant. Nokia Windows Phones come with access to Nokia's full suite of mapping apps, although they are now available to others also, Nokia stays on top of the game by providing other exclusive apps like Nokia Music, Cinematograph, Storage Manager etc. Offline mapping data is a godsend. Added capability of apps' to integrate to lock screen to quickly provide you with info you care about the most is also awesome. The added accessibility tools like changeable font size, UI zoom, high contrast mode(looks freaking gorgeous) makes the OS the best choice for people who needs any of them. The usual goodies are of course still there.Onto the device itself. The screen size is 4.5", which in my opinion is the perfect size, not too small, not too big. The high PPI screen is a joy to use. It retains 900's slightly squarer 15:9 aspect ratio, and the increased PPI makes it one of the best display in the market. The curved display's edge meets the rest of the body flawlessly, making the phone a joy to hold. The poly-carbonate's texture is simply luxurious. The material also means that color won't come off even if scratched. Nokia has used a new kind of coating on the logo, and the three capacitive keys that makes it really easy to see them even when the back-light is off. Slightly raised position of the keys is also a very welcome change, makes it very hard to accidentally hit them now. The camera is hands off the best phone-camera out there, nothing more to say there. Although the from camera is less than stellar. A few issues that still remain is that I want the headphone port at bottom and the micro-USB port on top of the device, it has it in opposite order, although to be fair every OEM is guilty of this offense, except only Apple is now putting headphone port at bottom. At least we get a camera button with windows phones. The phone is indeed a little heavy. 900 is my opinion had the perfect weight. While 920 has better ergonomics, I find it a little heavier than I would have like. But given the built quality, OIS camera, display quality, 32GB storage etc. being a little heavy is easy to forget.All in all, this is a WOW level of device.

Love the phone.  I've had it for two weeks, and enjoy it thoroughly.For my needs, here are the things I like:1) Nokia Drive is an excellent turn-by-turn GPS system - that is TRUE turn-by-turn.2) Audio quality is superb.  I've had several people comment that I didn't sound like I was on a cell phone.  Likewise, the voice quality of the person speaking to you is noticeably better than any other smartphone I've used.3) People hub and contact integration is just cool.4) Camera works particularly well in low light.  For video, the hardware image stabilization is very effective.The cons:1) Phone gets very warm quite often ... when charging, when browsing on WiFi, when playing games, and when talking more than a few minutes on the phone.2) Battery life is less than expected, and I tend to notice the symptom most when there are a particular couple of apps running in the background.3) Nokia City Lense is cool in theory, but misses the target (I only use it for the novelty of it).4) You can't use NFC to make payments (at least not yet anyway).  This is more of a shortcoming with AT&T; than with the phone ...

This is really the best phone I have ever owned (having owned quite a few including iPhone).Beautiful large touch screen that makes it easy to read mails and documents. Very responsive UI.Full Office package that works very well with synchronization to 7 Giga byte free Skydrive storage making documents available everywhere.Built-in offline navigation with world wide maps that can be downloaded.Maps application can be used for offline route planning.Skype application that can run in the background and many other useful apps.Really good camera (for a mobile phone).

I think the other reviews are long enough so here are the most important facts:Pros:Build Quality : Amazing - looks VERY high quality and is scratch resistant.Touchscreen: VERY comfortable in typing.Windows Phone 8: Some people dont like it - but I really love it! Easy, individual and fast. Give it a chance and you wont regret that!Pictures and videos: the first camera where the pictures are not shaky... even better than my digicam.Navigation: Best navigation I know.Cons:Closed system: Its a "closed" system like IOs. I cant deside whether thats good or bad...skycloud: I dont like cloud systems. I want my things on my phone.Result:I can really recommend the Lumia 920. I think its much better than the competition IPhone 5 or Samsung S3 or HTC Desire One.

I got this a few days back but returned because I didn't like Windows OS as much. It has some great features and is very well thought out, but lacked a few basic things that I didn't like, especially integration with google apps and it being very closed, ie. you can't access the file system, and so on.Now to the phone. THE BEST PHONE I have ever held in my hands. I was actually sad while returning it! The hardware is flawless, especially the screen and the camera. A little heavy, but not so much. You can feel that it's tough just by holding it. All the keys are well thought out and well placed, so are the speakers. Battery life is decent, like most high end smartphones. Once you use this, going back to the regular GS3's, etc. would not feel as good, how I wish Nokia went with Android!

I love the phone, I just hope windows gets it to support Flash player, also I would recomend buying after Christmas because prices droped two after on the 925 to the same as 920, all in all very good phone.

The nokia drive app has you about a mile away from your destanation. The camera quit working, I went to the help&tips app on phone,issue not found. I went to att store, employee turned phone off and back on camera worked. why is'nt that simple info on help&tip app? The att barcode scan app is'nt any good,scanned a gallon jug of motor oil app displayed it as a sesamestreet toy,WTF? Then 2 days past full return, [you have 14 days] the phone quits,no power,nothing! Waiting about a week now for a replacement.Should have stayed with my LG flip phone I've had 6 trouble free years. What a pain in the a##!

I wanted to try something different besides using the iPhone (I have the iPhone 4S).  I heard great reviews about the Nokia Lumia 920 but I'll break it down in a nutshell.Pros:1.  Camera is great2. The yellow on the phone is beautiful3.  Smooth to the touch on the screen4. The screen is nice, clear and big5. The sound is clear and loud6.  I fell and dropped on my phone and it didn't crack. But get a case still.7.  Options to customize your phone is fun.Cons:1.  The apps are very limited and some of them hardly worked2.  Using Google or Bing was a pain.  You can't even find the images options there.3.  Closing apps are just as difficult. Not like the iPhone when you can just swipe it up.4.  A lot of the notifications are just unbelievably slow.  You'll get notified from Facebook probably the next day.5.  If you're an iPhone user, you'll probably get frustrated with complex of the phone.6.  This phone is not as user friendly as the iPhone.7.  You can't put any of the apps in folders.That being said, I switched my SIM card back on my iPhone.  It's old but at least my patience won't run thin as much as the Nokia Lumia 920. I hope improvements are being made for Nokia phones.

Thought I'd give the Lumia 920 an earnest try when it came out... waited for months after the initial preview of the 920 without any specs, and also resisted the urge to buy the iphone 5 (was using 3gs at the time, and it was getting slow).Well guess what, bought the lumia 920, felt good for a day or two, but then started seeing some glaring omissions from windows phone 8 OS. And no, I am not talking about Apps not being available on the marketplace and all that.... simple things are missing in WP8, or they are there but there is no easy way to know about them. For example, on iOS, it is very easy to tap on a block of text and choose "Select All" to select all text and just plain delete it. Helps on address bars on webpages, emails that you want to delete stuff from and a lot more things. I could not for the life of me find a way to do that on WP8. The only option is to select a word, then drag the selectors to the beginning and the end, and basically forget what you were trying to do in the first place.Another example is Nokia Drive. While touted as excellent with offline capabilities and accurate GPS, I could not find a way to simply choose a different route. On iOS and Android, the maps present several alternate routes that one can choose from, so if I need to drive along a specific route I can do that. The navigation voice-over is also sub-par because it does not call out the names of roads all the time. Half the time, it would tell me to take a turn on [insert name of road] road, while the other half - it would just ask me to take a right. That is not acceptable today. Both iOS (even though map search sucks, the navigation UI and guidance itself is excellent) and google offer literally hands-free and eyes-free navigation, where I could keep my phone in the cup-holder or on bluetooth and it would literally tell me which road to take and what turns to make. I could not do that on the Nokia 920.Lastly, what is the deal with Microsoft's insistence of combining everything into my hotmail or windows live account, which I never used before, and dont ever plan on using? Sure, Apple has their iCloud account which you have to use, but your phone contacts stay as your phone contacts. The moment I setup my Lumia 920, all my contacts became hotmail or live contacts, and it merged my facebook contacts with rest of them. I know there is a way to filter how contacts are shown, it still very very annoying to have 2-4 entries of the same people (their different accounts) and then having to sift through all that.WP8 is great, but it has some omissions that only show up when you start using the OS. Microsoft cannot expect us to use it just because it has live tiles - it should have all the necessary features that are present in all the modern mobile OSs.Returned it after a week of using, bought the iphone 5, and not looking back till next round of cell-phone upgrades

Got this phone yesterday and I love it! I heard a lot about the phone from my husband and he really got me excited about it. After playing with the phone, I now understand why he was so excited. Wireless charging is a really great technology and the video stabilization is really cool. Not sure how it works, but it sure does. The phone is a little big to carry, but I've seen bigger screens so I guess this fits in right in the middle of the market. The screen is clear and beautiful, by the way. Love it!

I LOVE this device.Others have talked about the device, so I figure I'll provide some tips to new Lumia users (cool things I found):Apps - going to sound like a Nokia commercial, but these are the ones I use most:* Smartshoot - takes several photos in succession and lets you EASILY pick / choose the best bits of each to make one good photo* Cinemagraph - Take a short video and animate certain pieces of it while leaving the other parts still (youtube it)* Nokia Music - Free and ad-free, new music with offline access (no data charges). This must cost Nokia money, but who care, I paid for the phone* Nokia Drive+ - Free turn by turn voice guided GPS that uses the same maps as Garmin* Metrotube - Awesome Youtube app* Photobeamer - send a photo from your screen to any web enabled device - mindbendingly simple and one of those apps that you can't understand how it's not 'magic'Visual and music search - just hit the search button and then choose the eye - you can scan QR codes, bar codes, Microsoft tags etc. without an app. If you hit the 'musical note' icon, it will listen to a song and tell you the name, again, no app requiredKids corner - allow your kids to bypass the lock on your phone but only get to their apps.Wireless charging - this is more awesome than you can imagine if you haven't used it.Skydrive - works like iCloud but is available on Android, Xbox, iphone and Windows 7 and 8. Take a pic or video, and it will automatically be on your PC, Xbox or other device. Upload an office doc to Skydrive and edit it on the web or your phone.

Just simply the best phone i have ever used, and i have used a lot of phones, including iPhone's and Androids.

Newbie because I've owned only a few smart phones, but a ton of other regular phones. Tough, ruggedized phones, flip phones, regular bar phones. I'm not really hard on my phones, I keep them tucked away or on a bedside table, but it infuriates me about phones that have broken during normal use. I don't live, eat and breathe by my phone. However, I live in a very rural area now, on 20 acres. It's crucial for me to have a working phone with me more often now. As a former web developer, I am no fan of Apple or windows (Microsoft) in particular, (Linux all the way baby). But I am mostly sick of Apple and it's high priced products and exclusivity. Android was okay for me, but still when I suddenly need to accept a call or check a text message, it took a little bit too long for me to get the phone to do what it was supposed to. I feel Android is still not as user friendly as the Apple OS or Windows live tiles. I have played with a lot of newer phones at this point. I don't plan on putting Windows 8 on my PC (Ubuntu instead). But I really like the live tiles Windows has developed for phones. It's a no brain-er for me so far. I received the phone last night. Just charged it up, played a little with all the settings, etc. Today I woke with massive problems with my two dogs. I had to contact my daughter at work, in town, 30 mins away. It was super easy to pick the phone up, in my very frazzled, sleep deprived state, and send her some quick text messages and calls. I like that the live tiles can be three sizes and moved around, and different colors can be chosen. The screen is very responsive but not ultra, stupid sensitive. I am debating whether or not to get a screen protector (can anyone give me a recommendation for this? Necessary or not?). My last samsung phone with a touch screen was very annoying with a protector on it. I eventually ripped it off and just settled on the fact that the darn screen is going to be scratched no matter what. I think this Nokia is a big phone but I like the screen size for checking up on my web site, orders for wood crafting things I make, etc. I am a former photographer also and was attracted to the Carl Zeiss optics. I've owned many CZ lenses for my Nikon in the past and there is no equal. Let's hope that is the same for these CZ phone optics. Sound ability seems awesome. Very easy set up when I got the phone, no issues. Waited 3 weeks at the screaming deal Amazonwireless was offering. Worth the wait. Will write more as I use the phone in coming weeks.

once I unplug the charger, phone shows battery can last only 7 to 9 hours. screen is big and clear. camera is good. GPS can announce street name, but does not tell you when it is recalculating.

I couldn't ask for more from a smartphone. Amazing device, awesome OS. I hope people at least give this device a try before buying anything else (and I am sure they will love it if they try it once.)

It is one of those times that I have to write this review and give my star rating just as a payback to the amazon reviewers who help me make so many decisions.I have been using the 920 now for more than 6 months. All I would say is it is the best phone in the market (way better than Samsung and apple)I do not know where the Z10 stands, but if you are having difficulty picking up between Nokia, Samsung and Apple: You need not have second thoughts. All I can say is: I was a semi-believer before I used, and lot of people thought the reviews here are paid for by Nokia, and so on and so forth. The answer is those skeptics were wrong.This is the best phone on the market as of today (GPS, MAPS, contact book, camera, "un" closed system etc.)Only Con I have is, it's a tad heavy. Other than that happy WindowingHope this helps.....

I love my new Nokia Lumina 920 Yellow phone!  It integrates perfectly with work (E-Mail, Calendar, Lync, SkyDrive,Office, etc.) and my personal life.  The user experience is fluid and easy to learn.  The People Hub brings all my friends, contacts, and family into an easy to follow area where through one live tile I can drill down to see my wall on facebook, updates on linkedin, etc.  All of my family also got a Nokia Lumina 920 phone which includes my wife and three boys.  Everyone finds it easy to use.  XBOX music gives you unlimited free music for our family members by upgrading our XBOX Live family account.  I have used XBOX Smartglass on my phone to control the XBOX we use for our home entertainment center using my phone to bring up playlists, Netflix, etc.  We have tons of app's we have downloaded missing very view games and a few other capabilities teenagers love.  You can take a snapshot of your screen on the Windows 8 phone.  Nokia Drive is excellent along with the other Nokia app's. I find the one step upload of pictures to Facebook super simple.  Take picture click share type message and it is posted.  Don't have to open any app's to do these basic tasks.  The twitter app Rowi works great.  The screen resolution is excellent I do not need my reading glasses to read info on my phone.  The camera works as good as my digital camera and I have it set up to upload my pictures to SkyDrive automatically.  I can log on with my Windows Live ID on any device Computer, Tablet, or phone and see my SkyDrive content.  I also love the wireless charging.  When my phone needs charging (ever other day) I set it on my wireless charging plate and it charges.  Once you use wireless charging you will never want to go without it.Good luck in making your choices there is more than enough good feedback on this phone to show it is a no brainer that this is the best phone out on the market right now.  Windows 8 phone is a fantastic operating system.  I have purchased a Windows 8 Surface (multiple for family and my parents) and we have upgraded our non-touch enabled PC to Windows 8.  Thank you Microsoft for the innovation and market leading solutions you are providing.  It is only going to get better with the seamless integration of my work and personal life with future releases of your software.  Thank you Nokia for bringing your high quality engineering and design work to the Windows 8 platform.  I think the Nokia and Microsoft partnership is brilliant!
