
Had this phone for three weeks now. No issues with phone at all. Build quality is very good.  Features rock, everything I need.  Battery life is above average (guessing) lasts through the day, not killed it, yet. Upgraded from Optimus S, WOW! Call quality is good, too.

I bought this at local Bestbuy, not on Amazon.I had the original HTC EVO 4G, and loved that phone. switched to Samsung Galaxy II Epic Touch 4G and was not happy with the GPS on that phone. now I got this and i like it.Pro- quad core, the other quad core is Samsung Note II, but it's too pricey.- 2 GB RAM. this helps a lot.- GPS is working much better vs the Samsung Galaxy II.- you can say words to take picture; i.e. cheese or lg and so on. camera quality is pretty good too.- overall, happy with everything else.Cons -- since many people really care for this here are few.- Volume is low - both ways via headphone jack and Bluetooth. I use the phone to listen to music while i drive, and both HTC Evo 4G and Samsung Galaxy II had great volume output. However, this phone I have to go few extra click on dashboard to get the higher volume. This is a big minus but don't want to take a star away for this one.- WiFi is weak, the same place I used to get 1 or more bars, now it looses signal saying no wifi in range (this is at home). Due to this I may have to move my router around which is very painful since I have a good setup in place.- not sure why but WiFi keeps turning on, I've played with the settings but can't keep it off. this is an issue when I am not at home/work and it keeps on searching for the wifi.- NO SD Card. why would u do that. I know apple doesn't have one, but there are too many people buying iPhone anyways, who doesn't care for money or technology. My dad had LG Optimus 3G the old one, and that phone sucks. you are competing against mainly Samsung and HTC; you should have put a memory card. I have 32GB SDHC card which is now useless, but it was great to have for music. I have 2 young kids, and take many videos and pictures, which fills up space very fast. Should have put the SDHC card slot.- 4G LTE is going to take a long time to come to my area.

Just plain old bad. Had constant issues with it and took it into the service center many many times but never worked and LG told me all they would do is reload the software if I mail it in and wait a few weeks. If you enjoy getting constant pop-ups telling you "No data service" then this is the junky phone for you.

i love it. its fast and  can do tons of stuff on it. the only drawback is you cant take the battery out, so if something happens to it there goes the whole phone. but i'm loving the 13mp camera to!

I went through 3 of these in 3 months.  The first one had charging issues. Wouldn't recognize the charger out of the box.  Had to use my buy another LG charger and still would only do a slow charge.  I was able to exchange the phone and the 2nd one worked ok for 2 months then the same issue.  Charger started to only do a slow charge, never charging the phone completely.  I had to fight with sprint to use the manufactures warranty, and after paying $100 to get a replacement under the manufactures warranty, my third phone had the same issues after about 20 days.  Never worked right. Finally after it stopped working I went back to my trusty HTC.  DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!

I purchased this phone for .01usd last July. An absolute waste of a penny. I constantly receive the gapps has stopped error message, then no sync with gmail. I&#8217;m self-employed and rely on the phone for email notifications with clients. I&#8217;ve missed work opportunities because of this problem. Phone is all stock, never rooted, rommed, dropped, dunked, etc. I use as many google & stock apps as I can, and only added feedly, jorte calendar, overdrive media. I disabled the ones I don&#8217;t use: google+, books, etc.I&#8217;ve tried all the cache clearing suggestions found on the web, that works for a day or so. Tried a factory reset, that worked for about a week.This seems to have happened or became worse after the ZVC update in October. Tried to get help from Sprint, tried to get help from LG. No luck. Sending my phone to an LG repair center isn&#8217;t an option since it is my only phone line. There was no offer for a loner, only a message that I might be charged for the repair.To be fair, this might be an android problem as my research noted the gapps problem across many carriers and phone manufacturers.I think I have expected too much from Android: to be a stable, usable business communication tool. I&#8217;m going to switch to BB to get away from the gaming & &#8220;advertising delivery system&#8221; (a.k.a Android). As well switch carrier (after 15+ years) due to guilt by association.Extremely disappointed in Android, & LG,Glenn

So I've owned a Galaxy S3, Evo 4g LTE, iphone 4s, galaxy nexus, Galaxy Victory, to name a few. I buy and sell phones a lot, but I usually try the phone out and see if I like it.The big 3 right now on sprint (not counting the iphone 5) would be the Evo LTE, Galaxy S3, and Optimus G. They are all similiar specs, size and OS. For the record I think Iphones are great devices I heard great things about the 5, however I'm going to just comment on the android phones.Hardware: The Optimus G is a 4.7 inch device with a decently small bezel to keep its size down. It is plastic but extremely well feeling plastic, with glass on the back with a nice etched design. It has a great kind of solid feel to it that doesn't stop it from feeling premium. There is a power and volume buttons, sadly no camera button. I like the more square design of it, I'm not as much of a fan of the extremely rounded designs. It compared the to S3 and Evo is the most comfortable to hold. It has a better build quality feel than the S3 by far I think, and I would give edge to the Evo on the build quality though, they used some great materials.Performance: Similar in performance, the Optimus obviously has the edge on specs, it has the faster quad core and it does rank higher in benchmarks. However games and applications don't really show much difference, nothing really uses any of them to their full potential. All of them are butter smooth with everything. The S3 and Optimus have the extra gb of ram, which isn't to much difference but you notice it at times.Battery: This is a topic I really care about, it's hard for me to get behind a phone with a non-removable battery. I kept my galaxy victory for so long because the battery life was so great with the stock battery. The optimus G seems to be pretty close to matching that. The standby life is great, I had it sitting at work for like 5 hours with terrible service 0-1 bars and it used like 2%. Normally I am above 50% after a full day, not that I'm a power user but I use it a decent bit. Compared to the Evo and the S3, the Evo comes close that had pretty good battery but the S3 seemed to drain decently quicker compared to them. I use the Eco mode on my optimus though which manages the processor differently i guess, I see absolutely no difference in speed but battery is better though.Screens: All are the same resolution, the Optimus uses a Super IPS i believe and it seems good enough. Colors look great and everything, the only problem is the automatic brightness is extremely passive and seems to not want to brighten up enough. Compared to the SLCD and the AMOLED it seems pretty par with them.Software: Really this isn't a huge part as you can change alot of the software. However I like LG's default software, there is actually alot you can change with the homescreen layout that I'm used to seeing in homescreen replacements on the play store. It looks clean and doesn't really get in the way. EVO's software is alright, don't hate it or love it and the S3 seems to have the most bells and whistles when it comes to software, I have to hand it to them for that.Summary: Compared to the S3 and EVO the Optimus G I think has the best feel in the hand, best performance, best battery life. It lacks a little bit on software but nothing big, wish it was made of aluminum or something but I understand not using that for signal issues.

I really like the features on this phone and use most of quite a bit.  I also recommended this phone to a friend that has been challenged by technology is the past but seems to have gotten the hang of his new phone.

"Lets first talk about the use of "Corning Glass" that makes up both the front and back of this phone." Corning is a American Company and has been outfitting NASA for years. They also make that material that photosensors the sun within your Transition Lenses. So therefore, you can see this Screen in most any condition which is a huge plus! This screen is huge, a little bulky but more than easy to read, clear and crisp and you get to pick the automative transitions. On all the complaints that you cannot access battery and no micro sd card, what were they thinking? LG is cutting edge and thinks about Engineering first. This is a solid phone, nothing to get into it such as a unfriendly user. With 32 gigs of RAM, you don't need any SD Card. But they do sell those weird mini USB port plugins with internal SD if you must. The speed of this phone is all you have ever needed. I live in a rural area and have never gotton 4G signals. I rely upon normal 3G Speed but its that quad core processing power that is more than impressive, its top in its class.This is not a cheap phone, a fly by nighter to get to the next class of phones. Its a standard that LG would like to stand by and its sure to be a top seller for them. I love the fact you can be screening a video and then at the same time pull up another screen to text and then send the text and then back to the video within the same screen. Only that processing speed and 2 gigs of memory can you do that!This is a mini-pad that can do everything you want it to do or dream up.The notepad is very cool as you just pull down the pen, pick your color and start scrbbling on any application.. you don't need a dedicated note pad. Fun for doodlers like me while on the phone.The Music Player is decent, everyone says the Volume is low but I'm getting a good signal from my Bluetooth devices and can pump up the Volume from there. It needs a Audio processor but you can find a good app for that.If you are a LG person upgrading from a older Optimus to this one, DO IT! Its speaks the same language and you will be running in minutes.*Now the trick is in transferring all your old media files to LG Optimus G; Plug your old phone and new phone into seperate USB Ports on your Desktop, Laptop or Pad. You may have to download a dedicated program for the Optimus G. Now you see both Both Phones that have been given dedicated drives. You see Media, Audio, Music etc. on your old phone.. just copy over the files from your old phone to the new one. The LG Optimus G instantly reads those files and embeds then into the Media Players. I did find a problem with Videos that were coded standard MPEG 1 and 2 would not play in the Phone's Video Player. MP-4 was good to go. Seems to have a problem with older codecs.The true HD Widescreen or Full Screen is pretty damn amazing! This has to be the best Screen on the market for a Consumer Handheld Device... so therefore, LG.. you get 5 Stars!

Just got this phone as my 2 year upgrade. Read a lot on this one and others on sites like Engadget, Cnet, etc. And wow, this phone is everything as advertised. The feel of the phone is great, and the screen is fantastic looking at only half brightness. The speed at which you can switch between apps and screens is very impressive, and web pages load incredibly quickly, even on just 3G. On WiFi its even better. The battery life thus far has impressed me, it is much better than my old HTC Evo Shift. Plus the nice thing about the Sprint version, is there is virtually no carrier bloatware, except for Sprint ID which is actually useful for managing your account. The memory is about 25gb due to whatever space the OS takes up, so its not a full 32gb, but should be plenty.Definitely a great phone, and for just $100-$150 you cannot go wrong at all with this one.

Pros:Fast, very pretty screen, quad core, NFC is neat, 13MP camera. All things that are great and why I would recommend the phone.Cons:No removable battery, no expandable memory, LTE isn't in my area and it doesn't support wimax(although not a huge complaint), I love the search button on the older phones and I miss it but also not a big deal.Right now, I have had it for 2 days, I love the phone but I am hung up on the audio jack. I dont know if it might be defective or if it puts out enough power in general. I switched from the Evo 3d and I connect my music to my car. With my 3d i was very satisfied, it was loud, now with the optimus it sound significantly quieter. I have gone through all the settings and can't get it any better. I am considering buying a headphone booster.If I can get this resolved this will definitly move up to five stars!

This phone has a glass screen that cracks with the slightest amount of pressure.  And it's no where in the league of quality has the leading products like iPhone or Samsung.  The phone becomes completely unfunctional.

I really love this phone! It's big enough for me to see what I'm trying to read...I even read Kindle books on it. It's great! It took awhile to get here because they were on back order but it got here all in one piece and I love it's quick responsiveness and love the camera on it. It takes great pictures and there are thousands of free apps and games you can try and download. It also has plenty of room for all the music you could ever want to add to it. Only thing is, the battery runs low quite quickly if you are using it for anything other than making and receiving phone calls and texts. I haven't found a smart phone yet though, that has great battery life. One thing I love about this phone is the great reception that I get with it. Even way out in the country it seems to have the power and reception that I need everywhere without fail. I give it 5 stars. It's the best smart phone I have ever used.

The LG Optimus G from Sprint is just what I was looking for in a smartphone.  It meets all of my requirements which are:1. Fast Processor2. Large RAM (2 Gigs)3. Large Internal Memory (32 Gigs)4. Good, reliable and fast, wifi connection for work/home network (RDP, Cloud and file transfers).5. Great screen (had to be 4.5 or larger)From the requirements that I have outlined above, the Optimus exceeds them all.  It should be noted that my wife and I purchased the smartphones together and she opted for the Samsung Galaxy III.  I will make my comparison with that phone since I set them up almost the same way.  Here's my observations:1. The Optimus is definitely faster SIII which I did not fully anticipate.  I knew that the quad core would be faster, but the entire experience blew me away.  The Optimus redraws, connects, shutdowns, restarts better than I would have anticipated. The redraws was very smooth and configuring the various home screens was easier to accomplish in the Optimus which surprised me.2. Ergonomics and just the way the phone feels in my hand goes to the SIII.  It just feels better in my hands when I am using it and my wife certainly agrees; oh, the SIII is lighter as well.3. The screens are both gorgeous.  If you have a high quality picture the colors on both phones are phenomenal.  If you are going to use the phone in direct sunlight then the Optimus would give you an edge in that environment.  I have my Optimus setup for 50% brightness, screen timeout after 1 minute, Large Font & front key light on for 5 seconds....again, just a wonderful screen that is easy to read.4. Battery power is fantastic with the Optimus.  I get a solid 16 hours of use with 35% remaining on the battery doing the following: a) work & personal emails (150+), text (50 back & forth) calendars appointments, notifications, and calls (8-10 calls that is 2-15 minutes).  75% of my battery usage is identified with these activities with the biggest use going to Touchdown.  I also transfer multi-MB files files using my wifi connection and utilize cloud technology for backup and picture/file sharing using the phone when needed.  This is interesting since the SIII battery should last a little longer, but doesn't in my case with alot of file transfers.  My wife is getting closer to a solid 12 hours on the SIII before plugging in but she is also on the phone more (3 times as much) but without the file transfer activities that I put both phones through (pics, vids, and music...and work docs for me to the cloud)5. The camera is better in the SIII.  My wife and sister in law's pics are sharper whereas the Optimus tend to be somewhat grainy.  While 13 meg sounds good and looks great on paper, the end result is not so good.  Having said that, you can take those pics that are grainy and run them through computer apps (GIMP, Photoshop, NeatImage & others) that would remove the grain and smooth out the pics.6. Call quality with a good signal (at least 3 bars) is very good.  In the house where our cell signal is weak (using Airvana's Airave 2.5 for a boost) my calls are a little better in terms of quality and connectivity than than my wife's SIII. If you are using an Airvana there is some type of network glitch with it communicating with the SIII.  You may get error 97 (can't text) and require the assistance from your Sprint rep.  A little tech hint:  unplug your Airvana, put your phone on airplane mode, turn on the Airvana and wait till you get all green lights, turn off the airplane mode and check to see if you can text.  Out of the house and getting a good signal both phones work great.7. Netflix viewing is nice on both smartphones and can serve as a good distraction when waiting in an airport, DMV or other places that have a wifi connection or 4G.  The SIII sounds a little better though if you are not using a headphone.8. Expandability goes to the SIII.  However, if you want to use cloud technology for saving/sharing files, then the cloud provides you better option for expandability.  Download and install the box app from the playstore, follow the instruction to register and confirm using your email from your phone.  After that process, you have 50 Gigs of available storage...nice.9. Accessories goes to the SIII as you have more selections in more places (online and local shops).Conclusion:  The Optimus is great for my use; the SIII not so much, but certainly works for my wife.  As a tech user, I would go for CPU horsepower and the Optimus certainly has that covered very nicely and is highly recommended by this user.

Phone came looking 100% new, i have some problems with 3/4g sometimes but quickly reconnects. Sometimes i have to turn data off then back on to connect to 4g when driving to new places. But thats fast and easy.  All my problems are LG related. Family member with different phone do not have the same problems. The internet works once connected but needs to be reset when switching towers. Battery life is good, wishit had a sd slot but 32gig is fine. Overall i like the phone foe the price(130).

It was bigger than I realized so I ordered a different LG phone

needed  a new phone and this one fit the bill. love the fact that the processor is faster than the s3

Masterpiece of a phone! Phone exceeds all expectations. LG nailed it. If trying to choose between s4 and g2 go with g2. I have both and it's really not even close.

Phone is fast, screen is beautiful and the battery is better than the galaxy phone I have. Signal is also better on this phone than my Samsung phones. Overall a good device.

This was a wonderful phone for me, I absolutely adored it, but there was one problem: the screen cracked, and then it no longer worked. It was hard to use the phone after the screen cracked because only part of the screen was usable. When it cracked again, it was rendered useless. I would recommend this phone to anyone, but get a case, and get insurance!

this phone still had some lag and the keyboard was just not easy to get used to. If speed is a concern, I would go with something like the HTC One

I am a technology skeptic.  I do not believe any hype.  This phone exceeded my expectations for performance, ease of use, battery life and functionality.  I highly recommend this phone.

Overall I'm very satisfied although I have only had the phone for about a week. It is extremely quick and runs smooth. I checked out and compared other phones before I purchased this one and it seemed to be the best out of all for the price. The screen is super clear and the color contrast is excellent. Its quad core so programs seem to flow. The speaker quality is nice for the speaker phone and ear phone. The speaker phone is really loud you can understand the words through it. The UI is pretty easy to get use to. It also has 32 gigs of memory.The are some cons: The phone is made out of glass back and front. Thats not the strongest stuff for a phone body to be made out of. So don't drop it!!! and get a case! Another thing is that there is no removable battery. Not to mention there is no sd card slot which can really come in handy. I guess trying to follow apple. I have not gotten the camera to take clear pictures when there seems just a very slight movement though pictures are nice as long as there is no movement. Videos seem to come out pretty decent.Overall Its worked pretty good for the last few months. It is very fast and fluid. Although it doesn't have an sd card slot you can run a usb to computer and transfer your data and it worked very well on my macbook once I downloaded the software. It has nfc abilities but I haven't used them yet. I would say its worth checking out.

I love this phone!....very thin...light weight...Functional!Replaced my HTC Evo Shift with the LG Optimus G and am very pleased!

Quite simply, what does this phone not do?  the answer is...everything you need a phone to do, and more.  the display is bright, Google is alive, and the quality is high.  The best phone i have every owned!

Got 2 of these for my sons - now Mom is jealous!! They are happy campers & I'm thinking of getting this phone next time I'm due!!

With phone turned all the way up and my stereo in car turned all the way up I could barely hear music. I tried several different cords and it even does the same thing with headphones. Maybe I received a defective device, but as someone who uses their phone a lot for music I was very disappointed.  Other than that the phone looks good and functioned well. I ended up getting the HTC ONE and like it a lot better though.

First off, the display is absolutely stunning. Text is very sharp, colors really stand out as well. I haven't made too many calls with this phone yet, and they were average quality. However, my house has awful coverage. Next, this phone has to be one of the fastest phones out there. The quad core processor will blow your mind. Battery life is also good. You will be able to get a day at a minimum with moderate to heavy use. The design is really nice, looks very professional and is thin and light. However, this phone is very slippery so you might want to get a case for extra grip. The camera is very good, but I was expecting more out of a 13 megapixel camera. It performs more like an 8 megapixel, which isn't too shabby. The on screen keyboard is easy to use because of the large 4.7 inch display. This size is perfect for me, it is nice and big but will still fit in the pocket. Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich is nice, but I am looking forward to the Jelly Bean update. 32 gb of storage is very good, however it is not expandable memory. (There is no sd card slot.) This doesn't bother me, but for the people that use a ton of memory on their phone, you might want to look at other devices. The bottom line is this phone is awesome. You will not regret buying it, and I strongly recommend it.

I had planned to upgrade to a Samsung Galaxy S3, but for a variety of reasons (one of which was Samsung choosing to use Jay-Z to endorse the Galaxy line - I won't patronize him) I looked more closely at the Optimus G. Am I ever glad I did! It is lightning fast, the reception in Jacksonville is better than with any prior Sprint phone I've ever owned, processor speed is unbelievable, and it's a breeze to set up and use. And it was FREE with a 2-year Sprint re-up. WOW. I would strongly recommend that anyone looking at an Android device take a good, long look at the LG Optimus G.

The phone did not have a clean ESN number has to return for a full refund.  Not happy at all.

I am reviewing theLG Optimus G 4G Android Phone (Sprint).First off, I upgraded from the HTC EVO 4G which I had from its release. Great phone, and in my opinion, this made for a great upgrade. So why only 4-stars and not 5? If everything got 5-stars then nothing would be exceptional would it? It is just that, a great smartphone, not an exceptional smartphone. That said, after owning it for a  couple of weeks I thought I'd share my preliminary observations.IN THE HAND:Initially I was apprehensive about any phone with such a large display but I am WAY over that now. For reference, I am a male and I wear Adult-Large sized gloves. Though I think my fingers are a little on the stubby side the phone fits well in my palm. As a righty I can reach the power button with my thumb and volume controls pretty easily with my index finger. I really like the flat sides as opposed to the smooth rounded/curved sides of my wife's GS3. In contrast, my wife does not like the flat, sharp edges of the OG and much prefers the feel of the GS3. To each his/her own. Her seat-of-the-pants observation is that the OG is bigger to her. I think because it has flat sides you have to curl your finger further around the phone to grasp it and maybe that is why she thinks it is bigger than her GS3. From a technical standpoint it has slightly smaller dimensions.WEIGHT:If anyone has been using the EVO 4G then you know it is a hefty phone. I liked that about it. It felt heavy in my hand and that gave it a quality feel you don't get from the featherweights they market these days. Don't get me wrong, I like that the OG is lighter than the EVO, but not nearly as light as the GS3 so it still feels substantial in my hands. Amazing what a difference a few tenths of an ounce can make. And the quality of the phone is not only noticeable in its feel but its visual appeal as well (you can Google OG reviews for more on that subject matter). I'll just say that this does not look like a cheap, `plasticky' phone. Not that it should matter, but I like that it has a very high quality, high end look to it.SCREEN:Earlier I mentioned it has flat sides and sharp edges. The four corners are well rounded but the front surface is at a right angle to the edge of the glass/case, and to a lesser degree the same on the back. It is finished with a nice chrome trimmed edge when viewed face on. This is not sharp in the sense that it can cut you, but it is definitely not a gently rounded and smooth surface transition like the GS3. This will be great for edge-to-edge screen protectors. The screen is very bright, and easy for me to read. So bright in fact I actually find it more comfortable when dialed down to the preset 63% brightness with auto-dim enabled. Outside in bright sunlight it is very viewable even at this setting. That is a pleasant upgrade from the EVO which always washed out in bright sunlight.TOUCH:The touch screen is something I am still getting used to. I don't know if it is because I had an anti-glare/anti-fingerprint screen protector on my EVO, but the OG glass surface is soooooo slick. I sometimes have to make multiple attempts to `press' or `tap' a button because I end up moving the screen ever so slightly, enough to make the phone think I am swiping and not tapping; kind of annoying that I have to `think' about the tapping gesture rather than just doing it, all to be sure as not to move the screen when what I want is a press or tap instead. Guess it is something you get used to doing over time, like swipe (and no, I am not feeble handed or whatnot... I have plenty of dexterity in my fingers). Like I mentioned earlier, I kinda have stubby fingers so for me it requires more effort to reach across the phone with my thumb (4.7" inches of display is a lot of real estate). Single handed texting is somewhat a challenge. It is also just as difficult trying to reach a button or key on the near side of the thumb. If the phone were narrower I could just shift it around in my hand to make it easier to get to the near side buttons, but with its size it becomes less stable in hand as I can't grip it as securely doing so. I'm sure I'll get better at it over time.PERFORMANCE:Ok, so this phone smokes! Especially in comparison to my EVO. I had to go back to my EVO looking for a file since I didn't just do a full copy over to the new phone. While scrolling the screen on the EVO I kept thinking that it had some busy process running in the background. I had all radios turned off and as well no sync'ing. No other tools running, just Astro file viewer. I realized that the OG was just that much smoother when scrolling. Looked like a stuttering effect on the EVO while it was as smooth as glass on the OG. Same for any animation and transition. Soooooo fast on the OG. Apps literally just POP open without ANY delay. For benchmarks you can Google it. I am just stating my observations here. Browsing the internet was also soooooo much faster on the same home wi-fi network. Incredible what a quad-core processor and graphics accelerator can do. I don't play many games but the ones I had ran very smoothly and loaded nearly instantaneously. Again, no scientific measurements were taken just side-by-side comparison and a "seat-of-the-pants" experience. I'd say this phone is plenty fast for anything most of us plan to do with our phones. Besides, what's faster? Nothing as of this writing. Oh, and all the extra RAM and ROM make for a happy Me. I had lots of moments when I had delete stuff off my EVO to free up space. Did you know your email stops sync'ing when you get the low storage space warning?! I found out the hard way.BATTERY:I'll wrap it up with this. I have had a pretty good experience so far with the battery. On a normal day's use it gets unplugged around 6:30am and plugged in around 11:30pm. I still have above 40% capacity remaining. That's with nominal usage - over 30min of voice calls, over 1hr of having the screen on at 63%, Wi-Fi & GPS, and background sync on all day. Under heavy usage over the same period I was just under 30% remaining. For me heavy was a little over 1hr of voice calls, 3hrs of screen time, and lots of web browsing over Wi-Fi, and the GPS and sync was also on. Those are just my numbers so your mileage may vary.SUMMARY:Long write up short...I am very pleased with this phone. I like it better than my wife's SG3 on its physical merits alone. The SG3 UI is nicer I will admit, as the OG UI leaves something to be desired, but there's an app for that. ;-)  I really like HTC's Sense UI so in comparison the OG UI is very bland. ICS makes up for it though by providing plenty of eye candy in the form of transitional effects. Over all, if you can agree with anything I said above then you may like this phone as well...or not.My 2******* UPDATE - Jan 04, 2013 ******It has been a little over a month or so since I got this phone and I can say I believe I made the right choice for me. A couple of additional items I would share are...VIBRATE:If anything could be done better it should be the vibrate feature of the phone. It is sooooo subtle. The vibration is more like a high frequency buzzing, and not very "strong(?)". I've tried the "long continuous" vibrate, the "short multiple" vibrates (more than one pattern and duration), and everything in between and it really makes no difference. More often than not if I am walking and the phone is in my pant pocket I will not even notice the vibration. If it weren't for the fact that the ringer is so loud I would miss most calls entirely. Even in my jean pockets which hold the phone closer to my leg I don't notice the vibrate when engaged in activity. When I am sitting sure I notice it, but if you like to leave your phone on vibrate you will have to make a concerted effort to feel for a vibration while walking around. You ladies that would carry it in your purse/wallet...forget about it. You would not know it is vibrating unless it is against something that causes it to make some chatter. Don't get me wrong, I am not saying it is useless, I am just saying it is not very pronounced. Some may like it this way. I just wish it were more like the rumple of a Harley, than the whine of a crotch-rocket.BATTERY UPDATE:I've had no problems with battery life. I am still getting a full day's charge (unplug around 6:30a and plug in around 10:30p or so). Some may do more with their phones and others less, so your mileage may vary.Don't know how to categorize this last comment but an irksome thing that happens to me is that as I put the phone into my pocket I sometimes either hit the standby button with with my thumb or the cusp of my pocket thus turning the phone on as I put it into my pocket. I've "butt dialed" a person or two because of this and on a couple occasions found that my phone was browsing the web for shoes! Anyways, I'm getting better at not doing that but it still happens from time to time, and I either notice it because the phone is warm in my pocket or after I pull it out.Either way, none of these have detracted from the phone for me. I am still very pleased with my decision and eagerly look forward to a Jelly-bean update!Another 2

The LG Optimus G is sleek and thin and its overall design puts GS3 and GS4 to shame. I was very excited when I got this phone about six months ago for only fifty bucks with a renewed contract. It was faster than my father's GS4 and it's camera had more mega pixels. Six months in, I cannot say that I am so happy. Despite its 13 megapixels it takes horrid pictures. Honestly, my HTC Evo phone (of 8 megapixels) took better photos. This phone often takes pictures with a white backlight. Worse and most disappointing of all is its touch sensitivity and screen change sensitivity. When I switch my phone's direction it takes the screen a long while to switch with it, if at all. And yes I have already tried to recalibrate its sensor sensitivity. I also have a lot of difficulty connecting to most wi-fis that are not my home wi-fi. I cannot connect to my University's wi-fi at all. I went to the University IT department and after trying to connect it for an hour and half they said that they could not fix it because the issue was not on their side. It turns out it was an issue with my phone model. About two weeks ago it started going crazy too. I would get the little "Voice Command" every couple of seconds constantly and no matter what I was doing. I had to disable the Voice Command and when that did not work I had to factory reset my phone. And since the LG Optimus G only has internal memory that made backing up the information on my phone a lot more difficult. This was especially true for information that could not easily backed up through my email because the attachments were too big.The phone looks shiny and new no but overall it is a crappy phone that scratches very easily.

I got this phone on June 9th 2013 so I have only had it about a week and half and I do really like it. I originally went into Best Buy to purchase the HTC One. I milled around at all the devices Sprint offers and played with each one for a few minutes. Being the geek that I am inside, I really do like having the latest and greatest technology. Knowing I really didn't want to spend alot of money that day, I decided on the LG Optimus G,which I got for free. Who doesn't like "free". Now after playing around with the phone for a few days and reading reviews,I am still pleased with my choice. The phone updated to JellyBean right out of the box which was great. It's thin and sleek and quite stylish. I don't mind the glass back either, I was concerned about when I couldn't find a decent case anywhere though. I did order an Otterbox online and was very happy when it finally came in the mail. Now, I did notice the wifi kept turning itself on after I'd turned it off. However I fixed that issue quite easily. Also the phone is set to search and connect to 4G LTE which I do not have in my area. These two issues were draining the battery quickly. Since I have switched the settings for them both I get a full days use which is what we all want at least. The screen itself is beautiful from all angles. And this thing is quick! Great camera and HD videos as well. One hundred times better than my last android phone which was the HTC EVO. Can phone be called sexy? Cause I think this phone is. The overall look is just sexy. Lastly, I am glad I choose this phone and not follow the masses and went with another company. No names needed. ;-) If you want to increase your battery without having to install an app leave me a comment and I will explain how.

The optimus G is almost everything it claims to be.Speed is probably my biggest interest in the phone, and it clocks in excess of 5000 on SmartBench 2012.A friend of mine has an EVO, and I ran smartbench three times while her EVO was running it once.  I also started after she was well into the first try.Build quality and battery life are above average, even at my work where the signal coverage leaves much to be desired.(poor coverage causes lower battery life)It is a little large, and people with small hands may have trouble with one-hand use.Although it looks like plastic, most of the phone is Corning Gorilla Glass. Very nice.The speed helps a bunch when streaming video from Netflix, or from the DLNA servers on my lan.Not having an SD slot is a small minus, but 32G internal storage makes up for that.Google wallet is supposed to be preinstalled, but it isn't actually on the phone or available for it at this moment (15/11/12) but I expect that will be fixed shortly.  I will be disappointed if this never becomes real.Oh yeah. It also makes and receives phone calls.

Just got the G last week.  Love the look of the phone and it feels real solid.  So far everything works as it should with lightning speed.  Can't wait for Sprint ton get lte in my area.

I love it I Love It Did i tell you that i love it ooop its great. Thanks !!!! Love it

I love the camera, battery life and overall look and feel of this phone. What I don't like is that the Facebook application takes forever to load on this phone. I don't like that when texting, the cursor often jumped back to the beginning of my text message thus splitting my word up between the front of the message and somewhere near the bottom when I started typing that word. Yes, an update was released to fix that issue, but now the text auto-spell feature of the phone is messed up. Apparently the programmers can't get their fixes right. I've never had these issues with my previous two smart phones. I'd recommend this phone after all of the fixes have been released. I think it'll be very much worth the purchase.

I love this phone. Honestly, I was a little concerned about the size when I first got it, but it only took about a day to get used it. Now, I think it's strange to use a smaller phone. The camera is amazing, it's actually better than the real camera that I have. The battery life is decent; as long as you aren't downloading a million things it'll get you through the day. I haven't had any trouble getting service, and the internet is really quick. My ONE annoyance (and it's super small), is that I can't set the volume to an 'alarm only' setting. There's quiet time, which says that it will only play the alarm between certain hours, but for some reason I can't get it to work. I can only get it to vibrate (and I won't wake up if my alarm is only vibrating), or everything makes noise (which isn't too big of a problem since I rarely get calls in the middle of the night). It may be something I'm doing wrong, so don't let that change your mind. I'd recommend it to anyone.

This phone is amazing.  I love it.  Best kept secret in smart phones.  Great graphics and tons of memory all in a sleek design.

This phone is a beast! Best specs out there. Nothing can slow this puppy down. Everything is so fast and smooth. Just hope for jellybean update to 4.2 or 4.3.

I'd like to echo the 4 and 5 star reviews for this phone. It is excellent. It smoothly flicks through screens and launches apps very quickly.The main thing I'd like to add is don't be worried by the appearance of "sharp" edges of the phone or if you try the phone out in the store and feel it is uncomfortable to hold.What you're feeling is very stiff, clear tape that has been put on all the edges of the phone. I assume this is to protect the edges in shipping. Once you peel all those pieces of tape off all the edges are super smooth and makes it a pleasure to hold. LG has made one terrific phone. Superb build quality.

Due to my uncle getting nailed for over 250 a month in bills and the third person not helping with payments at all, we had to make the switch from Verizon to Sprint, this is my second time coming to Sprint so I was very familiar with their contracts and plans. When doing so, I wanted to do my research and see which phone would do it for me before we went out to do the switching of our accounts. After comparing specs, I decided to look at the LG Optimus G. Now LG has a reputation for making shoddy cell phones, so it was to my surprise that this phone had specs better than the Samsung Galaxy S3 in terms of sheer processing power, and doubly surprising that I was even considering an LG product in the first place as I know that in the past their phones really did suck.That being said, we had trouble getting the ball rolling at Best Buy, so we ended up going directly to the Sprint store down the road to see if we could get different results. I was pleasantly surprised when I found out that I could get the cost of the phone I wanted covered by trade-in credit from the RAZR M. I fiddled around with the display models of the Optimus G, and ended up liking how it felt. My uncle got the original iPhone 4 for himself, so he was good to go. I purchased black Otterbox armour and screen protectors for both our phones that same day, therefore one of the caveats about the phone was immediately solved. It had the Jellybean update ready to install almost out of the box too. Once everything was set, I was ready to fiddle around with the interface of the Optimus G and tweak it as I saw fit. Right off the bat I noticed aside from it's size (and let's face it this badboy is pretty massive, the bezel is also pretty thick too) is how fast this phone goes, good God, this thing CRANKS! Simply put, the quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 clocked at 1.5 Ghz per core makes this badboy an absolute behemoth!Want to present an argument that a quad-core processor is better than a dual-core processor? This phone makes that case quite easily. It goes from screen to screen, and multitasks easily without breaking a sweat. Literally everything was as smooth as honey butter. Only a few times did I encounter some strange problems but I think that was due to the programs I had downloaded being optimized for older hardware and not even being bothered to be updated, and Facebook did freeze this phone on me once, but after I restarted the phone (which literally took seconds), things were back to being butter smooth and working as perfectly as the Boston Pops Orchestra playing the 1812 overture on the 4th of July!Over time, I noticed once I figured out how to stop tasks from running in the background, how much smoother things go when compared to even the great RAZR M, a phone I reviewed previously and absolutely adored when I was with Verizon. The extra gig of RAM compared to the RAZR M really helps bolster this phone's case to be the primary phone of choice for those wishing for a powerhouse. It helps that the screen is nice and big at 4.7" and the resolution of 1280 x 720 is crystal clear to boot. Games like The Simpsons Tapped Out, Angry Birds, and 3D Golf all operate honey butter smooth with little to no frame-rate drops whatsoever, and the bigger screen affords me a clearer view with The Simpsons Tapped Out allowing me to more easily manipulate things around the virtual Springfield I am building in the game.The 13 megapixel camera is snappy, and does it's job very well. Pictures are taken very quickly and I have yet to take a dud with this one yet. Simply a very nice camera built into this thing. Can't believe I am able to effortlessly take pictures in the blink of an eye now. Video comes out clear as well, with little to no stutter whatsoever. This obviously was not a throw-together at the last minute plan either, this was all planned out from the get go. LG went all out here and it shows.There are three cons, with one of them being sorted out immediately after purchasing the Otterbox Armour case which the representative handling me and my uncle's contract was nice enough to install for us. The Otterbox Armour case actually smooths out one of the caveats with the phone, the way the camera piece sticks out from the backside of it creating a nasty bump. My advice? If you're getting this phone, do not hesitate to get the Otterbox Armour case as it is feather light and actually makes you feel like your phone will be safe regardless of what hell it goes through. It helps that it has rubber padding that allows easy access to the USB Port, Headphone Jack, and protects the power and volume control.The second con that is a minor one for me, and a major one for others is that you can't remove and replace the battery of this phone yourself. That in itself isn't as big a deal as the battery is pretty solid. I have gotten 8 - 11 hours out of it with heavy use and it could go for another hour before the phone shuts off completely I am sure, the lowest I ever let the battery go was about 11%. Still, a drastic improvement over other phones I had before so all in all I'm satisfied with this aspect.The other major flaw, however, is what you see is what you get with the onboard memory. It has 32 Gigs built in to the phone itself with 25 gigs of it being usable, much like the Wii U. **LOL** But unfortunately that's it, the Sprint version of the Optimus G has no expandable memory whatsoever (only AT&T; has the version with the microSD slot) which is truly a shame. Why they didn't make it that you can use microSD cards with this version is beyond me. Still, 25 Gigs for now is plenty of space to expand for the time being and I don't see myself using up all the space anytime soon. It would've just been nice to be able to put my 8 Gig microSD card in just to access all the songs from it off the bat. It also sucks that you can't remove the battery and replace it yourself either.Those things aside though, this is such an awesome phone. It is of current one of the best on the market in the US, with the Samsung Galaxy Note 2 being the only other phone with a quad-core processor. Even then, if you can't afford the SGN2 you're not missing much. This is a wonderful phone with all the bells and whistles one can ask for. One of the two caveats is easily solved with the right case (camera), and the other one (storage) still gives you a fair bit of space to use if so needed. I recommend this phone in a heartbeat to anyone wanting a rock solid phone with a ton of processing power that will likely last a long time until the next upgrades come around.Update: I had my first Optimus G die on me months ago after battery dropped to 0%, got a second one as a refurb. Worked very well, but let's just say my uncle was not very responsible with paying the phone bill whatsoever, and as a result, I ended the partnership of being on the same bill with him; meaning I no longer have this phone, am on my own bill again and have upgraded to the Samsung Galaxy S4.

Have had this phone for a little over a month, what a zero!  Phone freezes constantly and cuts out on many phone calls. Does not have any bars for most of the time and texting is ridiculous. Most of my texts take four or five attempts to send. Do not get this phone!

this phone originally was launched with Ice Cream Sandwich, but LG decided to actually upgrade a phone in the first few months unlike other companies; I was going to wait for the GS4, but the specs are pretty similar on this phone, and Amazon made me an offer I couldn't refuse; Jelly Bean is a slick OS versus my last OS (Gingerbread); I really like the cards that inform you of weather, sports, articles you might enjoy, directions to places you've been, and nearby locations to visit; the phone itself is very fast with its quad-core processor, and 32GB of internal storage is a nice addition (no SD card slot though); the battery life is amazing; I used the setting to optimize the quad-core processor, and I sometimes flip data off if I'm in a building where I know data cannot survive; I sometimes will go two days without charging, with moderate use and leaving wi-fi and data on

Sooo fast, my old Evo seems like a dinosaur. No lag time, great screen, thin and sharp. Definitely worth consideration!

I have now had my LG Optimus G phone for over a week and will say I love it. It feels great in the hand and got it protected with a diztronic cover here at Amazon and it fits great, plus the price was really good. I just let go of my HTC Evo which drove me batty. Love the solid feel in my hand, the look, the fast processor and this is in 3g for LTE has not come up here to the NW so man this baby will really download and upload fast when LTE hits town (hopefully soon).  The camera is nice and still learning on it. Love that you do not have to press a button just say Cheese, LG, kimchi, (it is a Korean phone) and a couple of other words and it snaps away. Like that even at night it takes pics without the blare of flash so you do not get that washed out look. Love the screen for it does not have the super bright super colored screen of G III and the colors look much more natural. It can get bright but keep it at around 70% and like that they protected it with Gorilla glass II.My only real complaint is the speaker. I had to return one of my phones due to the distortion on speaker phone especially with male voices. My new phone still pretty much sounds the same so I hope this is something LG will choose to deal with. Looked around for quite some time, waited and glad I did. You will not be disappointed in the Optimus G and I honestly think this phone will be great for the next couple of years. Now just waiting for Jelly Bean to come to this phone which it is suppose to happen this month (December). Come on Sprint you just updated the HTC Evo with Jelly Bean and this baby is so much nicer and smoother.

I persuaded my mother and brother, as well as myself, into purchasing this phone late in December. I came from the original HTC Evo, and it is an amazing graceful difference. It's like having your first smarthpone, and that the Evo was just a nice regular phone. Anyways, the only phones in competition with this was the Galaxy S III, and I guess the next closest was the HTC Evo 4G LTE, although not really. Let me just say, that this was easily the best specced phone on the market. With a Snapdragon 400 pro, pumping out 1.5GHz on a quad-core configuration, it has never even came remotely close to stuttering on me. Throw in the fact  that this was the only phone available on Sprint with 2GB of RAM and a quad-core processor and a 13MP Camera, and there was no way we were going to get a different phone. I did not purchase this off of Amazon, but Best Buy instead, getting it half off, so I got them for $100 each. Fast forward half a year, and I personally believe that this is still a top 3 phone on Sprint. Only to be overpowered by the Galaxy S IV and the HTC One, it still is an amazing phone. Plus, it's not even heavily overpowered. They both share a Snapdragon 600 Pro, at 1.9GHz, only besting the OG (Optimus G) by .4GHz. They share the Adreno 350 graphics processor, and both share the 40% faster charge times( Courtesy of the Snapdragon 400, 600, and 70% increase on the 800). the SIV and the OG both share a 13MP camera, although the Samsung does have a better sensor, while the HTC has a 4MP with a great sensor that performs especially well in the dark. The battery life on this phone isn't anything special, but that's a good thing. I have never had it die on me in a single day. In fact, I've probably only been under 25% like 4 or 5 times. Although, I do have a few quirks with the phone.Quirks: Camera has a forced shutter sound, and you either need to download an app called "silent camera" which is a lame replacement camera app, or root it and modify the build.prop (which is what I did), plus it has a forced auto-focus, so be ready to focus and quickly take the picture. The phone does get pretty hot, especially when taxed with usage of phone while charging or playing games. It's not a bad thing, necessarily, but it may make some people uncomfortable. Not a lot of ROM support, but I can't hold LG responsible for that. Just be wary that Cyanogenmod is only available on the international version. No SD slot, which is found on the AT&T; model, but is made up with 32GB of internal memory, compared to both the HTC's and GSIV's 16GB standard. Only has one eternal speaker, on the back, which is annoying, but it does get pretty loud, loud enough for me to hear in the shower, and much louder than the iPhone's speakers.Pros: Receieved Jelly Bean update, plus has an AOKP ROM support. Extremely easy to root and unlock the boot loader for and flash a custom recovery. Unbelievably quick, smooth, reliable, and just more enjoyable. I can keep 3 games cached on the RAM and seamlessly switch between them with ease (Although I usually clear my RAM every second, just to preserve maybe 3 or 4% of battery life). Great camera, other than shutter sound (which I cleared up) and auto-focus issues, which you just got to be quick about. Plus, it has great features on the camera, and the video recording is great, allowing you to take pictures while you record in HD. I constantly get better reception than  my sister's iPhone, partially due to some software tweaks within the ROM I have, and partially due to the fact that it just does. Battery life is great, I can easily get through a day, no sweat. 40% faster charge times. For example, I can get 20-25% battery from taking a shower. Lots of quick options in the notifications bar. It also has lots of speedy memory, over 27GB usable, while the 16GB GSIV has like 8.7 usable. Three capacitive touch buttons on the bottom, one for back, one for home, and one for a menu button. Holding down the home buttons brings up running apps, with the options to clear them, one for google now,(BEST THING EVER, read some recent articles about it, I use it multiple times a day, sometimes a dozen at least)and one for task manager. Plus, Android is a definite perk, especially when you have a phone that doesn't get held back by "slow hardware". This is an amazing phone, and has even more perks I'm sure you would enjoy if you got this phone too.Overall, this phone will not get outdated hardware wise, I just hope that LG will continue to support this phone and give it updates every once in a while. But if not, I know that I can flash a ROM that someone will have made. But even if there aren't any updates, the phone won't get any worse, and it's a great phone. This phone will always stay great, and nothing will slow it down

This phone is a must have. I like everything about it. I have no complaints. I did a full research before buying it. And i have to say its better than the current htc and Samsung phones besides the Note2.

I've had this phone for six months and its breaking down. I keep getting the &#34;unfortunatley the process com.android.phone has stopped working&#34;. I can't even get the factory reset since this error is so problematic its shutting down that possibility.Up to this point it was good with fast internet. I used it for a lot of music and was not as happy with its features as I was with my old blackberry. No external pause button made me have to fumble through several screens to stop and greet a passing friend.Overall, due to this, I will not buy another of these phones.

Some say this a little too large.  I like the size because I know I'm holding something of value.  Excellent screen, color and brightness.  Speed to spare for me.  I never downloaded music on my previous phone but I will with my LG Optimus G.  The sound quality with ear buds or head phones is much better than I expected.  Apps are way more than I need and the camera works great.  Not sure why some of my photos came out blurry but it's probably me and not the phone.  As an Architect, I will use the camera function often on my projects.  I'll qualify my review by saying I've only had it for 3 weeks but I can't find anything about it I dislike. I still have more to learn about the phone but will enjoy the process. I did purchase an Otter Box case (recommended), from Amazon of course, and it fits perfectly and gives me a better feeling about protecting it if I do drop it. It looks good on the phone and is not bulky at all. One caution I may hand out is that it's probably too big for ladies or children with smaller hands.  My hands are not huge but it fits just right for me.  Love it!!!

Like any phone you are going to want to take care of it. If you are the type to drop, step on, or sit on your phones you may want to look elsewhere or get a really good case. However, with that said I have yet to break the glass from sitting on my phone or from dropping it. This phone is by far my favorite out of all the phones I've had. It's fast and comes with a lot of very cool features. The feature I use on an every day basis is the recent apps/task manager function. It's so much easier than the task manager on my computer. All you need to do is hold down the home button. You can then pick tasks you want to close or clear them all. You can also control the brightness, wifi, sound, and other functions without even unlocking your phone (a bonus for me who tends to keep the brightness on really low and forgets to turn it up before leaving the house. You can move the icons to access these functions around so the most important ones are more easily accessible. For example, my brightness icon is the first icon, so I am able to turn on my brightness without being able to see it.) Another interesting, and new to me, feature is the ability to turn off your Data without putting it in airplane mode. I've always hated airplane mode for the sole reason of it shutting off my ability to receive calls and texts. With the ability to turn off the Data (and not just by turning on the wifi) I  am able to save battery while still being available for important calls and texts. Give this phone a shot.

LG knocks the other smartphones into the dust with the Optims G quad core phone. Atter about a month,  I can tell you:The quad processor, 2 gigs of RAM and Ice Cream Sandwich software make the Optimus G amazingly fast, and I'm only running it on the 3G network. The conventional Android Facebook app that took my Evo 4G about five seconds and more to load, is now up and running on the Optimus G in two seconds. Click, look, and its on.I can only imagine how monster fast this is going to become when the 4G LTE network kicks in.The Optimus G also has an absolutely  gorgeous screen. It's clarity, color accuracy, depth and brightness are teriffic and it shines through even the light of day. Most times I am running the screen at only half brightness.The camera's image and color quality are EXCELLENT, really something to write home about. It's unlike any camera phone I've used in the Android world. At 13 megapixels it is beyond par with iPhone pix. I find that it handles low light better than most point and shoots did a year ago.The battery lasts for two days at a time. That includes running a live wallpaper, picture taking, an hour of mp3s a day through Bluetooth headphones, texting, web surfing, social networking, calls, and running the alarm clock overnight.Initiially, I had some dodgy audio on phone calls, but after a month, the calls are routine with no problem on either end of the line and no dropped calls.The aesthetics of the phone are a very elegant, slim and tall, high gloss black case made of glass, front and back. It would be at home coming out of the breast pocket of a tux. And It resists smudges, front and back, EXTREMELY well.  The build qualty is top notch, too.I've found I can edit all seven screens with ease, rearrange their order easily, and share photos to texts and social networks  simply and quickly. It also woks well with my DropboxThe voice to text  and voice search mechanisms are teriffic. There have only been a couple of translations that required a tweak in a month.I also like the placement of the power, screen on/off button on the side (as opposed to the top). At 4.7 inches and tall, it lets me fire up the phone with one hand as I take it out of my pocket.

Very bad camera. I bought it thinking the 13 megapixels would just be a huge improvement on my 5 mp HTC Shift.No crispness to any photo. Fuzz ball once you zoom in at all. I was absolutely shocked. I loved the phone side. Very fast, well put together, decent battery life and just a nice looking screen. But the pictures just shocked me. I went back in figuring I'd get a new phone and the gal at Sprint told me they looked fine and that's how they always looked. She had that phone and her telling me she was happy was one of the reasons I bought it. I took a picture with my old HTC, showed it to her zoomed in and compared it to one we took in the store. We then went to a display phone to see if it did the same. Exactly as bad. She is now realizing what she has. On top of that I actually do shoot kids ice hockey pictures with a Canon 50D so I wasn't expecting a lot out of a phone but this thing is woefully inadequate. Trying to Google some opinions on the bad camera in this phone seems to be a problem so I was really thinking I had a bad phone. But I guess the search is disabled for problem searching or no one has a clue. A shame too as I ended up with the new HTC One and there's not a lot of difference other then the camera is great on the HTC.

Gold in my hands I got gold in my hands quad core processor check!!!!! I love this F@ckin phone STRAIGHT G.

DESIGN: Although design of a phone is mostly opinion on whether it's good or not, I personally think the design is near perfect. The glass is very sturdy on both the front and back, the buttons are spaced nicely and have great tactile feedback, the crystal pattern behind the back glass panel is amazing to just look at it, and the bezels around the screen are nice and thin. Some smart phones even in 2014 just can't compete with this design.DURABILITY: I dropped this phone on concrete thirty minutes after I bought it. Not a single scratch after I picked it up. The backing, being glass, might worry you, but it's definitely strong. I never cracked this phone, though after awhile it did gather a few scratches. I never felt the need to put the G in a case, just because it didn't need one for me. The phone can get slippery since it's manily glass, so you might drop it until you form a good grip position through practiceSPEED: Even with one of the first quad core mobile chips, this thing is still fast enough for newer games and multitasking. Try slowing the phone down, you'll have a tough time doing so. The 2GB of RAM give plenty of breathing room while running many apps and four cores makes doing so a breeze.SOFTWARE: LG's Optimus UI 3.0 Software is sort of a Love it or Hate it situation. It takes a lot from TouchWiz on Galaxy devices and adds a few things. Some love it some don't. I personally prefer it over a Samsung device, it just feels smoother.DISPLAY: Even at "only" 1280x768 this display is amazing to use. 4.7 inches in size isn't too big or too small for average sized hands, but that's opinion. Colors look great, a little bit colder than on other devices, but natural looking and bright. The device has a PPI of over 300 so it is very sharp, small text is easy to read and viewing angles are good enough that you won't notice distortion until you really tilt the phone at a crazy angle.BATTERY: Rated at 2100mAh, the battery is decently sized. It holds up somewhat nicely, but it wasn't mind blowing. Expect to get through the day with heavy usage, but don't expect more than maybe ten or eleven hours. The screen and processor are probably a bit too much for the battery to healthily handle, and a larger battery would have been a better idea for greater than mediocre battery life. It works, but could be higherCONCLUSION: Since the battery can last all day it isn't really an issue, and everything else is just amazing. The only deal breaker here is software, so try the phone put if you can before buying. There is no SD expansion so you get 32GB with the Sprint/International models and that's it. AT&T; have a different design model with SD expansion, but I personally like the Sprint one more. That is also merely my opinion, but this phone overall gets the 9.5 out of 10 from me. Near perfect, just mediocre battery that takes away half of a point. Highly recommend this extremely underrated device.

I bought this phone in january and I love it.  I love all the features on it; this is my first android phone.  I am so happy I got it.  I did have to install the juice defender app to help with the battery draining so quickly.  But so far so good.

Easy to use touch screen. Internet pages look great. Gets great service for my area (sprint), much better than the last phone I had. Thinking about getting a second one for my spouse, who keeps stealing it from me.

This telephone has amazing graphics, very reasonable battery life, and is perfectly intuitively designed.  I had to let go of my wonderful HTC Hero phone because lets face it, it was time! It no longer rang.............ever, (because the ringer didn't work LOL) and the speakerphone had long since died.  In the past I have suffered buyers remorse when changing telephones just because of the time it takes for me to adjust to the new phone.  This phone was so easy to use that  I didn't even realize that I had transitioned from what had been "old shoes" comfortable to what is new and spiffy before I was accessing apps, browsing and shopping online, text messaging, calendaring and synching with the best of them.  The camera is outstanding in every way with all of the features of my past favorite digital camera.  The alpha and numeric keypads are both displayed large enough for all-aged-eye viewing. Hurrah! Gone are the days of guessing what numbers I was keying and better yet who might answer or where the message was sent. The screen is now large enough to actually see instead of having to decipher the GPS directions.  The LG  Optimus G is a great phone and its faster than my daughter's, my boss's, and my best friend's iPhone 5s!

Take my review with a grain of salt. I upgraded to this phone from the Optimus S, which for those who may not know, is wretched phone with ample functionality issues. The Optimus S was my first "smart" phone, but I believe it barely met that criteria. This would mean the Optimus G is truly my first glimpse into the world of smart phones so, I may be a bit jaded. With that being said, I think this is without a doubt the greatest mobile device I have ever touched. I don't feel I have the proper experience with phones to rate all of the details this device though. I have never owned or even used a high end smart phone, be it an Android or iPhone, in the past so I really don't have anything to compare this to. Let me just say that anyone wanting a nearly free device come upgrade time cannot go wrong with this monster of a phone. I'll list the pros and cons below and hopefully they will help someone planning on getting their first smartphone out.Pros:-Extremely cheap-Lightning fast with a 1.5GHz quad-core processor-13mp camera-32GB of storage-Stunningly beautiful display-Actually functions correctlyCons:-No micro sd slot (I honestly do not care about this issue though)-Non-removable battery

Upgraded from the first iteration of the HTC Evo 4G, this phone is a whole other level. The speed is phenomenal compared to other phones I've test-driven (Including the Galaxy S3) Feels dense in the hand, but the device overall is rather light (basically, much lighter and thinner than my fat-pack battery Evo, but heavier than the G-S3). It seems almost like a fake phone you see in some futuristic movie; it is just too thin and fast to be real right now. The screen brightness is amazing even turned down to 40% (to save battery).  Speaking of battery, I'm still full into &#34;new toy&#34; mode and this piece of tech and it is still lasting all day on a charge for me.  I was concerned for the lack of an SD expansion, but there are 32 gigs of storage already onboard and lately it seems that quite a large portion of what I would have stored on the phone is being handled by various sync'ing, streaming and cloud-data services.Overall, and awesome phone at an awesome price! (so glad Amazon accepts my 2-year contract extension credit from Sprint now) I look forward to using and tweaking this phone for a long time.

I traded in my EVO phone for the Optimus G about 3 months ago. I'm on my 2nd phone as of last week and just discovered a crack this evening!?!! The first phone was returned due to a crack, which grew and grew and later came inoperable. Ugh! No, I do not have an otterbox,whicj should help and also make the hone super bulky. Now looking into one. ..and the phone has a tendency to "overheat" which adds to its fragility. My husband has had his iphone 5 for a year. No case, and no breaks. Waaaay more durable.

I love this phone. Better than all expectations. Super fact quad-core processor allows you run multiple apps. HD camera with 13mp.

This phone is my baby and I love it deeply. However with every person there are faults.PROS:-The speed, this being a quad core phone it has amazing speeds that are super fast.-The screen may not be the brightest, but this phone has a great screen that is beautiful to look at.-This phone unlike most android phones is beautiful to look at and isn't made of cheap feeling plastic. LG made the Prada phone, which was one of the most beautiful looking phones to be made, and this as well has the same feel. The glass on the back is really cool with its dotted pattern. It feels more like an expensive piece of jewelry.-Where I live LTE connections are good and the speeds are pretty fast. The highest download speed I've had so far is 20mbps on LTE so when you get it, the connection is outstanding.-Even with Icecream Sandwich the phone is ridiculously smooth, and with Jellybean coming along it will be even smoother.CONS:-The Camera... The camera is not acceptable for a high end smartphone, and this goes to show that the more megapixels you have doesn't make a difference if the phone can't focus properly. A lot of the photos that I have taken have come out blurry and it's pretty hard to focus on something properly and take a clear image. The camera is absolutely horrible in the dark and cannot pick up light.-The fact that it doesn't come stock with Jellybean-Unable to reach the SIM card as well as a slot for microSD, but its okay because the phone comes with 32gb of internal and 50gbs of cloud storage so I am fine with that.SO overall I really do love this phone, and I did not buy it to take high quality pictures,but the pros I feel weigh over the cons and using it has really made me fall in love with it. The gorilla glass 2 holds up pretty well, however my first one I cracked from placing the phone down on the screen side pretty gently, so I would highly recommend a case.

I'm going to make this review short and sweet. First off, I simply love this phone and is the best smart phone I've ever owned. It's smokin' fast and multitasks like no ones business. The interface is very user friendly and navigating around is a cinch. The only reason I gave this four stars rather than five was for the camera.  Don't get me wrong, it takes good pictures but for a 13 megapixel camera it should take incredible pictures that blow even the Iphone cameras out of the water and that it does not. Other than the that this phone simply rocks.  Quit thinking about it and get it!

Fast, underrated phone plus I got it for a penny! This is basically an LG G2 it has most of the specs and the screen is super bright. The only thing I wished it had was an sd card expansion slot.

I loved this cellphone for the cost and features that paid for a few months ago.  I recommended mygirl friend to purchased one too.

Got to be worse design and screen ever made I got  2 within 3 days both screens were cracked sent to store they were out of screens due to mass breaking should do a massive recall or free upgrade on this one very disappointed with lg on this

I have had this phone for only a few days (i had switched from the HTC One V)and i must say, i am impressed! I mean it could be better, but my dream phone isn't really feasible(a phone that would be able to appear out of nowhere and it could fly in the air and turn into a laptop and answer my thoughts). But never the less, this is a really enjoyable phone to have!Pro's:Large Screen (but it can be bothersome to some people that switched from a smaller phone and have trouble with the grasping of it)Easy to reach power button and sound controls while holding the device (unlike my nook tablet or my HTC One V, this was one of my least favorite parts of my old phone).Quality of the phone isn't like the kyocera xtc or the HTC 4G. it's more high quality of the product (don't get me wrong, i liked the htc 4g when it came out, but you haven't seen high quality till you've seen this.) what i mean by high quality is that it's made of durable material (unlike the iphone) and the screen doesn't break when you drop it, unlike the newer iphones (i've dropped it twice, one for a test for the review and another on accident).The speed is amazing! when i upgraded i was shocked and i realized that apps loaded in half the time and that the graphics seemed a lot better (a little bit dark but the brightness of the screen changes that when it's all the way up, also for brightness of the screen see customer warning/concerns/Misc below)Con's:Battery life wasn't the greatest in my opinion and that's the main reason i'm giving it 4 stars. This is also the one thing that annoys me about this phone. The battery just seems to drain all day and i think it's because of the screen brightness but i'm not certain (i will tell you all when i find out).The vibrate is like a mouse. it is honestly unhearable for me and i don't like it this quiet. i have to check my phone for calls when i'm expecting a call and i can't leave it on vibrate because i can't miss a call that important.NO MICRO-SD card expansion is a killer on this phone because i love my music and love to listen to it but i don't like limits and this kills a lot of my love for the phone! i just hate it.Camera underperforms compared to normal 13-MP cameras and viewing pictures just look a tad bit worse than my old phone which is a bummer.Customer warnings/concerns/Misc:The feel in your hands isn't too heavy or light, but i really wish it would weigh a little bit more because i feel like it would break if it drops.Very Bright, so you may want to dim the lights because it lights up the room when you turn it on at 100% brightness in the middle of the night.The screen is really slick but you get used to it after a few days, but my daughter doesn't like it at all...(for people who don't like slick screens you may have to get a screen protector).No micro-SD expansion slot which sucks huge.Specs: Product Features:Display: 4.7-inchesCamera: 13-MP (but it underperforms)Processor Speed: 1.5 GHzOS: Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich)DimensionsSize (LWH): 2.71 inches, 0.33 inches, 5.19 inchesWeight: 5.12 ouncesProduct FeaturesNetwork Compatibility: LTEMinimum Rated Talk Time: 900 minutesMinimum Rated Standby Time: 240 hoursNo Micro SD card expansionEndnotes:If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding my review or the phone itself, please comment below and i will get back to to you within approximately 6-8 hours.

It's a year old now which is old hat in the technology industry but this phone's been doing great for the six months or so I've had it. It's got a pretty display and really solid battery life. I didn't like the LG skins so I downloaded the free Nova Launcher I think it's called, which uses Google's standard holo aesthetic. However the lock screen animations are pretty so I left those untouched. All in all a solid phone -- and I got it for $300 less than people upgrading their iPhones, so that's that.

I have had 2 entry level Android phones and knew I would one day take the plunge and get a nice phone.  This one was a great choice.The camera (with flash) takes nice enough pictures that I have no need to carry a dedicated point & shoot camera any more, and the call quality is decent.However, as a smart device, this is where this thing rocks.  A nice HD screen, that has responded well to my touch.  A blazing fast quad core processor that I haven't been able to choke yet, even though I run it in Eco mode.  Plenty of memory to download everything I want to use (unlike my previous entry level Androids, HTC Hero and Samsung Replenish).  The interface is sweet and smooth.A few minor deficiencies.  Based on the release date, it would have been nice to have the latest version of Android, but maybe we'll get Jelly Bean at some point.  The lack of a replaceable battery and memory card slot is notable, but may be part of what keeps this unit so slim.  The battery concerns me most, since every phone I have had, needed to occasionally have the battery pulled to reset it... I hope this phone continues to be stable enough to avoid this need.As far as battery life... Well, battery technology hasn't caught up with the needs of handheld computers yet (especially power houses like this), so you need to use some power management skills to maximize battery life to get through the day.  I have an app to close data connections other than when I am using them, and periodically for updates (Juice Defender) and I have lowered the screen brightness a bit, and as mentioned use Eco mode.  Even with these, I just make it through the day.  If I get caught up in playing games, I need to plug it in once during the day to top it off.If you are in the market for a powerful phone, and you can live with the inherent limitations mentioned above, this would be a great choice.

wasn't aware that the phone wasn't using a sim card

For a phone to be released a year ago and still be spec wise one of the best smartphones made says alot about the Optimus G. I used my upgrade and could have paid 150 for a Note 2, 140 for an S4 or or 199 for the HTC One or iPhone 5. Those were the phones in the running, in the end I was choosing the HTC or The G and laying out 0 dollars made it an easier choice. I'm sure glad I got this phone, it looks amazing, feels perfect to the touch and to hold and it runs everything so smoothly due to the quadcore processor. LG packs some features in that nobody else has and I haven't even used them yet lol so I'll let other reviews inform about those. Just look at the specs compared to other phones your looking at and let me tell you that if you get something without a quadcore aside from an iPhone then you'll regret it, there is a noticeable difference running Android on a dual core as opposed to a quad. Just don't buy the insurance here and once you activate it tell sprint to add TEP (Total equipment protection). repairs are free and a lost or stolen phone you'll pay 150.00. Well I could go on and on but I'll just repeat what others have said, I love using this phone and I have much to learn about it.

It was time to upgrade but I did not have extra funds for a Samsung or HTC One like I wanted.  At .01 I couldn't pass this up and didn't expect much but this great little phone as exceeded my expectations.It is fast, easy to read screen, easy to use.

I am still learning features on my new cell phone.  Overall it is a great product to use.  Love the camera with the flash.

Great phone! Definetly met my expectations and more. So many features just in the camera alone!! You'll love it and what it offers

Ive gad this pjone for about two months and i wish i would have gotten something different. About to break this p.o.s. don't buy!

I have had this phone almost a year now. No issues with it which is good because I cannot replace the battery. The only thing I would change is how hot the phone gets when playing graphically intensive games. I should expect that with a quad core phone though I guess. Love this LG phone.

Less than  8 days the phone blew up from the inside out and the a  replacement cost me 150.00 dollars.When I contact you Amazon you  said turn it into the insurance company. I felt you should replace it with only 8 days use. I will watch what I buy from now on.

I went form an EVO 4G to the Optimus G last December (2012).  I regret the decision to not go with the Samsung option.Let me start by saying that all the positives in every review on here is spot on.  It's FAST.  It's big.  It's lightweight.  All that good stuff.  All that said, the software has been KILLING me.  I consider myself a power user since I basically work from my phone 4 days out of every week and I've been pretty disappointed by the random failures.  List of examples is as follows:1 - I'll disable the WIFI when I'm not in an area where there's an open network and it will keep coming back on by itself every minute or two.  It disrupts my browsing or voice dictation every time.  Annoying as all get out.2 - The notification can be set on the loudest setting possible and be working just fine, then for no reason it won't notify you of a text.  It goes unchecked and that drives me crazy.3 - If I go to the phone log and select a number that isn't saved in my contacts and choose the "dial" option, it says "dialing" indefinitely without actually dialing the number.  If I save that same number to my contacts and repeat that same process, it dials fine.  Why?!?!4 - Shockingly, Gmail doesn't sync properly.  For all the cooperation between Google and Android, this one fails.  Messages get stuck in "sending" mode (even when on WIFI) and some won't appear at all that appear on my desktop.5 - When you hold the side button and choose the "silent" mode, then go back and do the same thing to hit "sound" mode, the sound settings are always different.  I'm forced to go back in and re-customize all my sound settings.6 - The spell check is terrible....and I need it, as you can probably tell from this post.7 - The Sync options are all or nothing.  You can't customize which apps sync and which don't.  Along that same thread, the given weather app never auto updates properly for me, despite being set to update every hour.  Never does.8 - It's impossible to turn the shutter sound off on the camera.  Even when the phone is on silent, it makes a sound.  Your only options are three different sounds.  No silent.9 - when I update apps, the ones on my home screens will occasionally be added a second time to other home screens where there is open space.  I regularly have to go through and delete the random and new icons.  ??10 - Frequent crashing of the text messaging.  It just shuts off and goes to the home screen.  Happens about three times a week.11 - This might be just a general gripe, but the music app is as clunky as I've ever seen.This is all I can think of off the top of my head right now.I'm sure people will try to address some of these complaints as if I am the problem, not my phone.  That's fine, and I actually invite the feedback from others that can help me out with some of these things if solutions exist.  Perhaps not, and these really are just glitches that can't be fixed.  My negative opinion of this phone comes from the fact that I've been an Android user for years...so even if these problems can be solved in some way, why do I all of a sudden need extra help to navigate the software?  It's just not a reliable product if you rely on your phone for heavy work.  That's my opinion.  Productive feedback is welcomed, as always.

The phone is pretty much free couldn't ask for to much but it has great build quality it looks super nice in hand the screen is perfect size and battery life I  say is a bit above fair now I wish it had  more internal memory and the phone says it has gorilla glass which is supposed to be pretty tough I dropped it from hip height and it shattered on my bathroom floor I have a new already wasn't as cheap as it was when I bought it obvious ha bummer but the phone is great keeping it protected this time, don't forget to keep it protected the phone is beautiful but it gets its looks from all the glass around it which makes it fragile bit great phone I recommend it!

I really am enjoying my phone.  The only thing I don't like about it is that when you turn off the wifi and the phone is in an area that has wifi it turns back on.  Besides that it does everything I want it to do.  Would recommend it to anyone.

Awesome phone would give it five stars but the glass is to easily scratched and doesn't offer accounts setup when first starting the phone

**BIGGEST DOWNFALL**- The phone is absolutely the flimsiest phone I have ever had, it is highly recommended that you should get a case and screen protector. Today I have not dropped the phone nor sat on it, however it had received a tiny crack on the top right of the front glass (not even on the screen), yet the entire top half of the phone is untouchable. Also, replacing this phone screen is a little bit harder considering you need to strip this phone down in order to replace the LCD/Screen Digitizer, I would have thought it'd be a simple as replacing the HTC EVO screen digitizer. Also it is awfully more expensive considering you need to replace the LCD along with the screen digitizer.HOWEVER. I really enjoy using this phone, it's lightning fast with its Quad-core processor and the only downfall is because locally Sprints 3G is not that efficient. DO NOT PASS THIS UP. I paid $0.01 for this and I feel as if I had robbed them. If you're thinking about buying the GS3 reconsider, this phone I'd have to say is better than the GS3 but not as good as the GS4. This phone has some special specifications that come in handy, such as its QSlide and its ability to stream videos wirelessly with my Xbox instantly.**BTW IF YOU ARE A PIRATE BAY USER** CONSIDER GETTING THE APP AND UTORRENT COMES IN HANDY FOR SUREOVERALL. I absolutely love this phone. Excellent upgrade. Overall the best phone I have ever had.

It would be nice if the Optimus G could transfer and/or accept transfers of the people in our &#34;contacts&#34; list.  My old phone is completely dead so I've lost everything and Sprint no longer keeps a copy that they can download onto a replacement or new phone.  Other than that, the features are good, including Kindle.

This is a beautiful phone it's a shame that you have to put a case on it but with glass on the back and front you take a risk if you don't glove it up.This is a pro grade phone that's suitable for power users and causal ones alike pair it up with a Bluetooth keyboard and mirror the screen to a large screen and you can get some serious work done.It's 13mp camera is capable of taking beautiful shots but only with tinkering with the settings which is a shame because the software needs some serious optimization the other gripe I have is being stuck on 4.1.2 THIS IS A FLAGSHIP PHONE and should be able to get updates despite the LG having the G pro and g2.I've had for almost a year now and this phone still a powerhouse beast if your on the fence about getting this for the price it's at now no Brainer in my opinion a WIN.

Case: Sturdy and substantial.  I think I can drop it and not have the screen crack, haven't tried it. 9/10Screen: Clean and sharp.  Very good screen. 10/10Camera: Decent, 13MP doesn't matter.  Panorama sucks, bad editing software.  6/10Hardware: Fast, quad-core, 2gb ram.  Can do anything fast.  10/10Sound (volume): Loud enough.  I have no hearing problems. 9/10Sound (Voice): Clear and no distortion. 9/10UI: Confusing at first, easy after 3 days of use. 7/10Network Speeds: WiFi connections are fast.  3G stays connected.  4G, what 4G?  8/10If you're into phones with accessories, then this is not the phone for you, get an iPhone.  This phone is made for performance.  It is future proof for the foreseeable future because of the quad-core and 2gb of ram.  I haven't had any issues with my phone for the week I had it.  As phones go, it's average, but that's good enough for me :)My other options...I would have gone with the Nexus 4, but those are always sold out.  The S3 is dual-core and old, but they do have a lot of users, meaning more accessories for it.  Note 2, too big.Final Score: 68/80 (85%)
