
I recently bought this phone and have been pleasantly surprised at just how good it is. I've read other reviews here that state this phone is "laggy".  Let me just say that it's not THAT laggy.  Is it a speed demon... no, but it's no total slouch either.  I've downloaded a few fairly higher-end graphically intensive games on it and they play just fine. Occasionally, I do notice a very slight lag in its overall functionality but once again, very little and only momentarily. For the price this phone is decently powerful.The screen size, brightness, and color are outstanding and with the upgrade to Android 4.1.2, it's pretty up-to-date. And the actual look of the phone is really slick.  The only thing that I would wish for in this phone is that it had more internal storage as it only has 4GB, with a little more than 2GB usable but, that in and of itself is not too bad. When put on speaker, the body of he phone vibrates a bit but again, not too bad.Overall an excellent phone!

Certainly not the best phone around, but definitely great considering the price range. It works well, the calls are clear, the sound quality on the MP3 player is impeccable (Yet expected, considering that it's a Sony) and the interface is beautiful. I was expecting a nice mid-range phone and I'll say it played quite nicely to and even exceeded those expectations in a few respects. If you're looking for a capable, well built, attractive and moderately inexpensive Android Smartphone, the Xperia J is the one for you.

This phone has received quality reviews for its updated operating system and full list of features. That may be the case, but the minute i saw the build quality of the phone, I returned it. While plastic chassises are expected in this price range, this Sony phone seems to have used the cheapest option possible. I'm not sure screen protectors and cases will be able to save this phone from looking old beyond its years in just a few weeks' time. Too bad, it does have a lot of nice features.

The phone is ok. I had it for some time now and have not received any problems with it so far. therefore i would say one and a half thumbs up

Me gusta mucho este telefono, excelente eleccion, es rapido, y lo coloco como router wifi en mi casa.La verdad no tengo queja!I really like this phone, excellent choice, is fast, and I put it as my home wifi router.Actually I have no complaints!

Excellent phone and great price. It is worthless! Very nice screen, android 4.1.2 and nice sony applications.Absolututely Recomend it!

nice, stylish, as descriibed. would recommend. phone is not big or cannot meet expectations for young freaks, but for woman in age is enough.

This was my first &#34;real&#34; smartphone after owning a Blackberry.  It was heaps cheaper than a Samsung and being a Sony I decided to take a punt and buy it.  After owning it for about a year I am not overly satisfied with it's performance, and if I had my time again I would be willing to spend more money and get a Samsung.PROSGreat screen.Good camera.Great battery life.Good clear audio when talking (it is supposed to be a &#34;telephone&#34; isn't it?).Looks good.CONSPower and volume buttons close together and very spongy.Have never been able to figure out how to default apps to my external SD card, every install keeps going to my limited internal memory and basically runs out of space, so I have to manually move apps over.Screen touch response is not always great and can be frustrating.Relatively slow CPU.

I bought this phone for the purpose of being able to have the the benefits of an android device as well as a better phone, It worked great, I watched many reviews and after carefully deciding I order this phone, It was better then expected, Works great, Was unlocked, The features are very satisfying, The price for such a mid range phone is great too, Well worth it, I have a 16Gb card and I'm using about 500mb's worth of application data, Running Jellybean and works fine, Camera could be a bit better for night use, But other wise it's fine, This is a fine phone and I would definitely recommend this for anyone who is looking for something to maintain and still be up to date with a os.

Fantastic Product. Exactly as described. I love its slick and unique design compared to alot of other smartphones. I find it perfect for my everday basic needs.

it is a nice cell phone, sure. but the problem is that we have to buy a special sd card because it is smaller than the ergular ones we all have, so memory and other types of actions have been undermanagement by the phone.

Purchased this for my wife. The phone is great. I like it better than my Samsung Galaxy.  The thing about this phone is the battery lasts 5 days on a single charge without worrying about nursing the battery life like I do on my Samsung (2 days on battery). Nice size. It is a pretty typical phone otherwise.

a little slow but my wife love it

: i recommend this phone because it excellent and i like so much and is beautiful and excellent excellent i like

very good phone, arrived in perfect condition and meets all my expectations

Mm it's ok. It is not a bad phone, the only thing i don't like is the 512MB of ram. But if you have money to buy another better phone than this, buy it. Don't buy this xperia.

Excellent smartphone...I recommend the sony xperia, I love it. I ordered this for my sister and she is so happy.Good service

Phone reminds me with old Nokia modelsI don't like all phones that have an operating system such as this

The phone look so great and nice, the color and sound very good, this is a sony specialty. Download and running prog good speed. Only the RAM 512MB is a little less.Overall I love this phone very much

I am delighted with this teleono, is really beautiful and very good, looks very nice ... Very pleased with purchase.

It's beautiful phone,have live wallpaper and many more functional useful...Thanks for SONY to make amazingphone with good price,keep it up.

I bought this phone for my Dad, think it's time he upgrades from old button phones! So first thing I noticed was how easy it was to setup, although I didn't get any headphones with, thanks Amazon, it was packaged well enough and the basics setup was a breeze. Depending on where you are and what service you use, some of the more detailed settings could be a bit tedious where you need to manually enter settings, such as access point info, etc.The display is large and crisp, and very responsive and the wi-fi works pretty well. Transfer speeds were pretty good. I upgraded the phone to 4.1.2 Jellybean through my wi-fi, the install files downloaded in almost 3 minutes (128mb file). I had to wait a while for the OS to install, but it was smooth, and works great.The camera could have been better, but has simple to use features and the exposure can be adjusted to compensate for low light levels. Internal memory will fill up pretty fast when installing apps, and I would suggest the use of apps such as Easy Uninstaller, app2SD and Advanced Task Manager to help move, stop or uninstall files easily. Sound quality from the phone speakers are decent, but sucks through most of the headphones I tried and some video files even when converted by the software provided didn't play, I had to use QQ player to play them. The radio doesn't work very well where I am (Trinidad).The phone is very customizable if you know your way around a Sony xperia and it does perform tasks well. Calls work fine, sound quality on calls are excellent. For the price, I think it's worth a look as a budget Xperia phone.An update, it just suddenly started rebooting as it starts up, and won't stop no matter what I try. I am extremely disappointed, since it was working great for a while there. Will be returning this phone to Amazon.

Phone looks alright. Arrived in perfect condition, but was surprised that there was no earpiece in the box! I mean it's Sony! Come on!!! Sony is known for it's audio quality and Walkman... You think that Sony would at least put a good quality earpiece with suburb audio in the box. It's because of that I give it a 2 stars :/

Pros:1. Very beautiful phone, striking resemblance to the Xperia T the Bond Phone. You will fall in love with it as soon as you see it.2. 4-in display with decent ppi, matches the Retina display of ipod Touch 5. I don't really mind that but this can be important to others.3. 1750mAh battery produces one of the most impressive battery performance in the Xperia family: I messed around with updating and downloading apps for the whole night and the battery level only dropped by 18%. Drops about 2% with WIFI and data off during the night.4. Upgradable to 4.1.2 Jelly Bean.(But the upgrade comes WITHOUT the battery stamina mode as seen on Xperia Z, which is basically why I would ever bother checking for this upgrade.)5. Camera takes decent pictures with 5-megapixels. Lots of options available. Adjusting exposure level, among others, is the most helpful.Cons:1. User interface experiences lags from time to time, i.e. when swiping through home panels, which from my perspective can be tolerated given its almost pathetic chipset.2. When I tried to open and work on two webpages at the same time, specifically Google translate and Wiktionary as I'm learning a new language, the phone was slow to response. It took a good while to reach google translate, and it became a hellish journey trying to open a new tab and reach Wiktionary. This is the deal breaker. I did make sure to use ES task manager to close unnecessary background processes. I won't consider other browsers as integration of Google products is the only reason I can even bear the Android system.3. Back cover is a little bit hard to lift up.4. Wifi is rather slow: it took ages to download a 20MB Chrome update. While all the rest of my wifi-enabled devices can do much better than that at the same position.5. Awkward placement of the power button: near the very top on the right-hand side above the volume rocker. Certainly takes time to get used to.Conclusion:I thought as a very light user it may be possible to get away with its poor chipset, but I was wrong. Too bad I have to return it, it is an absolute beauty. If Sony puts Xperia P level hardware in the J I would even be willing to pay $300 for such a phone.5 stars for the design; 2 stars off for the disappointing hardware performance.Note: I'm a user who uses the phone primarily for occasional IM chatting and web browsing during free times(about two hours a day altogether). The qualities I value the most are good battery performance, fluid UI, and fast internet browsing. To conserve battery and ensure a good performance I removed all the home panel widgets except for the connectivity control, the clock, and 3 or 4 shortcuts for apps.

This phone was absolutely worth the purchase, loved the display, the desig and the response time seemed decent. The only problem i have with this phone is that I ordered it in white and after waiting for a week it comes in light pink (reason for 3 star). I am sligtly dissapointed at that, and since I did not wish to wait another 3-4 weeks to get the right colored phone I decided to keep this one. Fortunately the case i ordered for this device was white so problem solved ... atleast slightly and I also wanted to mention that I brought this phone through &#34;AHAOMG Co., LTD &#34; ( never going to order anyything from there anymore.)But once again, LOVE this phone and it is worth the price.

I am disappointed with this phone. I have several issues with it: 1) Internet access is very slow, 2)The GPS does not work, 3) I can't take pictures indoors when light is low because the flash does not work.

It function in the moment that we placed the SIM Card, I am located in Mexico and I did't have any problem with it. Until now has been working for 2 months now, with no issues

Its nice and easy to use and has a lot of great features especially for the price. The only problem I have so far is the camera quality, other than that it works good.

its a nice cell  and a good state i would like to buy a other on future thanks  nice job

this phone need more memory, but is fine can use a lot of apps, have a good size and good weigth.

It's an excelente cellphone got in good conditions, the only reason why I can't give 5 stars  it's because the charger has a problem in the conection with the usb wire. Overall I had a good experience buying the phone

The phone is good did not have any problems and delivery was on time only problem that i had was did not know how to return cause I wanted xperia L was bigger than this phone!!!

Got this phone during a Lightning Deal and must say it was well worth the money.  I like the slim profile and it's doesn't seem overwhelmingly large carrying it in my front pocket like some smartphones do.  It's had no problem handling any games or apps that I've downloaded so far.  However I have had an occasional &#34;mystery restart&#34; every once in a great while after installing/opening a brand new program.  This could just be a droid software issue or possibly a needed restart to get the new app configured properly, I'm not entirely sure.  Overall though I'm pretty well in love with this phone!  Definitely a big step up from my previous LG Xenon!

I bought 2 for my friend's kids in Brazil. They love it for features as well for battery life a good price. Unfortunately, one handset had screen problem in 4 months. I had to bring back into US for service, had to spend huge time calling to get RMA number and sent by UPS wrapping securely as per the recommendation by Sony Ericsson. Got a call from customer service manager from Texas saying that he will do his best to repair the handset. To my surprise, I got package from them in 1 week. When I opened it I found a piece of paper with photos saying that not repairable as per the Company policy! The person who owned never made any damage nor did I. In one word, they do not care customers. They only care carriers where they cannot say not to replace or repair. I never had good result with Sony Ericsson and it will be my last purchase ever from them.

I bought this phone to use on Straight Talk, and it works great in Alaska (uses AT&T towers).  You just need to buy a new sim card and then configure the 3G settings.  It seems like a lot of the other unlocked phones did not have a US warranty. The battery life on this phone is amazing.

If you love Android this might be OK for you, but the camera has a cheap plastic quality to it.  It is slow so you find some lag when scrolling screens or searching internet.  Basically what the other reviews say, spend your money on a Nexus 4 or save up and buy a nicer phone that you will be happy with.  I returned this.

it started off good but if it hit a table the screen cracked and their is no way to contact the seller once the warranty is over

I bought Xperia J at GB sales and was very happy with the phone, knowing how much I had paid for it. The phone is gorgous and its curved body makes holding a pleasure. I use my company iPhone when traveling. I dont' find too big difference between them except a few issues listed below.The screen was good but not visible at the sun. The balck is very black (very good contrast) so that the text is really clear. If you want to get a headset, don't buy those for old sony phones. Sony recently changes the headset to the more popular one, similar to iPhone and Samsung phones.However, I was frustrated by the camera which took OK pictures sometimes but very poor pictures most of the time. After many thorough experiments, I concluded it could not focus at far distance. I searched on internet and found many complaints on the cameras. So, I decided to return it with a sad feeling since I actually liked the rest of the phone.I would recommend this phone, had not been the defective camera, to casual smart phone users. This phone is good enough to get some gadgets for Andriod OS. But, its not-instant responses might bother some users who expect a $200 phone should perform like $600 phones.

I guess i expected it to be more powerful device but anyway i made a wrong decision and have to live with it.

I waited almost 3 wks before using this phone but I don't regret it.  I've started using the phone and I'm still learning how to navigate.  Love the screen size; importing contacts was a snap.

Excellent service. The product was in great condition. It delivered on time. I ordered this for my brother and he is so happy with it. Highly recommended.

recommended, i loved it!for users who are not picky, it's perfect, very comfortable and easy to use.Thank you

DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU ARE LOOKIN FOR A CHEAP REPLACEMENT! I bought this phone as a replacement when my xperia z shattered. It worked amazingly for the first couple week, but the camera seriously sucks and after that couple weeks, the camera not only sucked but it stopped working. After the camera stopped working 99% of the time, the unlock screen stopped unlocking for the most part, especially after I would receive a message

I bought this phone for my son, who is a bit of a cell phone geek!  He loves it and has all the &#34;bells and whistles&#34; that he was looking for.  He said having the phone has made his life even a bit easier! Since he currently lives in Ethiopia, he needed a phone that is somewhat easy to navigate and was not attached to a particular phone company. Highly recommended, especially if you need one that is unlocked.

poor camera, do not like anything about it, did not like it at all.  don't have more to say.  Thank you

The phone is ok for it's price, but the expandable storage is useless. I put in an sd-card and I wasn't able to use it for anything but music, pictures and videos. All apps are going to be within the 4gb of memory on the phone. After a few weeks I went to copy new music over and it no longer recognized my music files. I followed all the trouble shooting measures and tried reformatting the sd-card and used Sony Bridge software to copy music over. The software crashed. I restored the phone and had the same issues. I'm returning the phone.

Very very Slow and non responsive I would not recommed this product to any one. Very Very Very disappointed with this purchase!

the power button was hard to press, and all the movement was very slow on this phone. will not reconmanded

Excellent phone I bought for my wife and this enchanted, is fast and versatile and I get no inconveniences thank you very much

I bought it for my mother and she literally wants to trow it in trash. Battery life sucks,  feels like an aluminium box, very hard to navigate. Features get enabled and disbled on their own. I would never recommend buying this.

el telefono esta fino y la en trega fue rapida y a tiempo al d&iacute;a que fue pautado  esta bien todo

I give five star to this phone its agood quality  one very useful with all its features and true as it is described. I would share or recommend this phone to my friends and family.thank u

I am satisfied with my purchase, exceeded my expectations, I recommend it 100% qualitye xcellent condition. Thank youit was a pleasure

My battery goes flat ,at the minute i unplug my cell phone.After two days ,the battery is at 2% low or less, despicte the fact that i don't use too much the cell phone. I only receive some calls and check my mails on the internet.

Really good phone that's lightweight and fits well in the hand. Sony's TimeScape allows access to numerous widgets that can be placed on the "desktop" and doesn't take away, too much, from the Android experience.One problem with the phone is the limited storage space, both memory and internal, that it sports. It tries to mitigate this by allowing up to 32GB microSD and allowing you to store your apps on the card. Even so, from time to time, the phone starts crawling so you have to monitor running apps.The cameras, front and rear facing (more so rear facing),  get an OK rating.I initially gave it a 4/5 but, after 4 months, the microphone stopped working for no apparent reason, which I'm discovering is a common defect in certain Xperia models. Now I'm stuck with an annoying headset. So my rating is now a 2/5.

It's good but It's kind of slow, when you install several apps. But it's ok for a transition and the price is reasonable.

I received a damaged phone. At first the device turns on, but when you lock the screen, the phone stays in black screen but still works. No matter how you try to turn on the screen still remains black. Now the phone no longer turns on the screen. Beware that these phones do not seem to be new, it seems to be faulty phones returned by other customers, almost like most phones that are on sale at amazon. Too bad... Selling like new something broken/used/returned. And need a NEW replacement or a refund.

Very beautiful smartphone, i love it, sony is the best, great job of sony, congrats from venezuela, and wait for more.

I'mchoosing this rating because i like the products i'm berry happy with it, I am satisfied with my purchase, exceeded my expectations, I recommend it 100% .

Well the pone is really nice it Works just fine, I did not include the headphones but anyways is fine, it gets stock sometimes and I need to reset it besides of that I have no complains!
