
The phone works perfect with mobile operator (bob) in BULGARIA! I use it to make call from USA to BULGARIA. I am so happy!

I really liked this phone. Fast, powerful and despite not being very fond of huge phones...with time...you get used to it. And it's a mini, it's not as big as an S3 or S4.Responds fast and the battery last a full day. This will depend on how much you use it, if you navigate, listen to music, call or text.I mustly text, tweet and send and receive pictures, and by the end of the day the battery is at around 10%.If you can charge it at the office, then even better. But that's common with todays phones.This one came without NFC or S-Beam.

Will they take cut SIM cards? I had an s3 but want this smaller one && dont know if it will work with my cut SIM!

I have two of these phones, they work great. Easy to use; works great in my area. Very good phone.

Its the same color as appears on the monitor. I like it a lot ! the first day i got it everyone my phone case. Its really good for protection. The only thing i wish, was that it had a little handle to wrap around my wrist. Its good and the seller shipped it here in IN in an ample amount of time.

Easy to navigate, features are easy to learn (even though there's no product guide's booklet in English ).. I can easily get in touch with my family and friends in my homeland through viber apps.

My son really likes the phone a lot!! He wanted that phone for Christmas and I got it for him and he sooo happy!

This one is been a nightmare, I have a lot of problems with the phone, but after take to different places finally got fixed

Its a good phone for its price, it has some lacks as well. The speaker could be louder, also its a heavy phone for its size and it will constantly freeze in the middle of an action. I'va had to restart it many times and it takes a lot of time to start up.

Its small and not practical for sending messages cause the keyboard and letters are too small for adults' fingers. Not handy

smaller than real s3 or s4 so it easily fits to my pockets (that's why i bought mini). good quality

This phone is enough for most of regular users. It have everything inside for a good price.Nice good looking is a plus.

It accomplished my expectations, very happy with this item, new, with all accesories great for the price.This is a great option for who doesnt want to spend too much money and get something  that worth it

Excellent in good condition the product of white impeccable color is my second s3 mini that I buy for amazon I cannot complain it is a gift for my breast his day of the mothers from Venezuela!!!! Thank you I recommend 100 % this seller

I bought the phone for a friend and so far he is enjoying it.Good reception,  screen is okay and takes nice pictures. He loves it. Thanks

I used the cell phone for 3 months and it doesn't work anymore. The screen doesn't turn on. I called Samsung and the seller and they say that this is an International version, so it has no warranty.... Why do they sell it in the U.S. then? Why does amazon let them sell it?

I like the look and feel since this is a little smaller than the regular full blown smartphones.But the beauty is the size since it packs everythingPros: Color, Built Quality, Screen clarityCons: Haven't found any so far

Samsungs smartphones are beautiful, smart, light weight, easy to use and with good price, this one is not a exception!

samsung gt-i8190 galaxy mini s3 3g fact un locked its perfect for me i can use in Venezuela perfectly  t

The phone is excellent..and my daughter is very Happy whit it. Ther Service is good, and tha box was close with all accesories.

I bought it, but I can not comment because the store I sent a Chinese or replacement phone. (An imitation) So when I get my Original I give my view on the phone.

I wish to get more information about this phone. know if it works with sim cards.i live in venezuela ia have to meke sure it can be used here

This phone came unlocked and ready to go. Insert your sim card and it works. The apps are great and additional apps are easy to download. Camera takes fantastic photos. Great resolution. There are 2 cameras front and back. Take videos as well. It's easy to share photos and videos. Great little phone with everything you want in a smartphone.

it looks and feels great. The screen functionality is very smooth and minimum physical buttons had to be pushed. Great.

I had problems with the shipping company and to date I receive it today, I get a mobile repowered, I think of very low reputation make this scam

I purchased this phone for a family member and within a few days it malfunctioned. Now, it will not turn on at all. If zero stars was a rating I would put it. Be careful who you buy your electronics from.

buy this phone in November last year and is already hurt me, take it to the samsung here in Venezuele and was told that the code did not serve him he was a rebuilt phone

This phone is practically my baby now I love using it every day now that I have this phone I gave my old phone to my younger brother. It is perfect had no problems getting it in the mail and I got these adorable looking phone covers for it as well... &#60;333

Samsung Galaxy S III 3 mini .The keypad &#34;4, 7 & end call&#34; can not work normal. I'm very disappointed for this product's quality.

excellent product, only two things: the product does not come with the Spanish language, only English German Japanese Taiwan and others, and despite having submitted a claim, they charged me $ 14 of more for the product. I guess that is the problem of the exchange rate in my country. I hope it does not pass next time. thanks

This phone is small and sleek with IPhone like features but much cheaper. It is also factory unlocked so you can use this when you travel  or live outside the USA.

hello that such I have a serious problem with the first cell charger does not work and when I insert the second sim card the phone turns off and does not work I went to an authorized samsung phone and not on the center page regristrado samsung this phone no exite need prompt response to this all possible inconveniences agardeciendo collaboration firing me please respond to my email norelis.m @ hotmail.com

not words

fastbeautifullhave play storeamazin resolutionits lightit's the bestfor people doesnt pay more $ it's word great and fast

Thanks it was fast and I love the service and the the person was on key and I get my phone so I could use it more thanks again

I got this for a friend who lives in the Bahamas and so far it has worked perfectly on the net work

This is practical and versatile phone for my daughter's activities so it is enjoying his new team in college and with her friends Thanks.

This phone was ordered online and was to be a Christmas gift. It was unlocked and I was just hoping it would work here in Belize. Well it works great!!! It uses a Sims Card and the receiver of this phone is very satisfied. She wanted the S4 but is so satisfied with this one. The price was great too.

Sucks, bought back the old shut down, but not replace, he said no problem returning to return to it, simply did not even look to send over, this person too wicked.

Samsung Galaxy S III 3 mini 8GB i8190 HSPDA 900/1900/2100 FACTORY UNLOCKED don't come the headphones and so wire ....

bad product, several weeks ago had bought a phone at the same buyer who turned out to be excellent in spite that the box is open and I was not factory sealed as expected however worked perfectly. Therefore I decided to buy another phone from the same vendor. turns out that this new phone has difficulty lighting and has a bit slow software

So far it is an amazing phone. Highly recommended. The only thing I don't like it's the headphones. Since they are just an accessory, I discarded those and use the ones from my iPod.

excellent phone design is really beautiful, modern and comfortable. Your camera is great and the size is very comfortable in the hand. only bad thing is the battery should last more

good cell phone but i prefer the larger S3, just a screen dimension preference.

The phone came with the battery dead, i used it like 2 days and the battery never work again. For the next time i buy an LG.

We are working with the new phoneOn 3 times the phone, stop to work and present the following info on the screenPOWER RESET OR UNKNOWNUP LOAD MODEFor me was a surprise and we haven't any info for the reason to stop and the message??????We wait your commentsRegardsOsvaldo Scandola

hundred percent excellent product very happy recommended this purchase had a blacberry bold 1 and when buying this was a radical change in the speed and quality product highly recommend Samsung products are Jinto to apple the best phone in the market

Right supplier and very good product. Same conditions that the big one model , maybe the light blinking in nthe front advising some news is missing.

great buy, very unique and trendy.works well with service provider in Nigeria.indeed a world phone.had it for almost 2 weeks.hope it continues to work well

is my favorite brand in mobile is very cute and has many interesting applications. I received it in perfect condition and very fast

great product have no problem at all, just plug and play! Only one thing: it have no hebrew language on it :)

good store, good product without problems. I recommendi rate five stars because i dont have any problems in Venezuela. I wrote this in my first day of proof

Just as described.  Unlocked GSM phone... only unexpected finding is that the power converter / charger is for the European market and cant be plugged in US outlets.  All else is perfect.

It's a good choice, a good price. I don't put 5 stars because you can not update the android.Advantages: Resolution real colors. Durability, Bright screen.

Good!

This phone is so awesome that I ordered five more for family a and friends. No one has had a single complaint about it.

everything ok, thanks from Venezuela! comfort & fit of a shirt or the battery life of a camera thnak you

I just love this phone, it is definitely what I wanted, Came open but it is working, This phone answer every need you may have. It is the best

The only objection is because I received the phone without any user manual, no instructions at all. The plug of the charger needs an adaptor device, our system in Venezuela is different. I just received the phone and need to prove it further. Hope not to find any other problem.

Excellent Sold 100%

I dont know how to solve this problem cuz i buy this cell phone thinking that like it says here is 900 frequency

This was really nice. It is brand new, works with Consumer Cellular, so that was good.  It was unlocked.  I love this phone. I can use skype on it!!!!!!!! And I can talk to it and it takes commands, which I thought only Iphone could do. So, I wouldn't even want an Iphone now.

It is the cellphone that I was expected and an important point is that it arrived before I thought. It came with all its accesories.

The product is ok, I received it on perfect state but the performance is not what I expected. Finally it get too slow.

After SIX (6) months the phone stops working. It switched off and up to date the phone is not coming on, it&#8217;s not responding to anything. The phone is defective, I did not get what I paid for, I did not get my money&#8217;s worth. I would not encourage anyone to purchase a phone from that seller.

I bought this device for a present to my wife.  Unfortunately, it didn't work properly from the beginning. The first day, when we tried to charge it, it turned off. Then, even though it was unplugged, it continued showing the phrase CHARGING %, and the icon of a battery charging. We tried connecting it to a USB terminal of a computer, but the failure persisted.  The next day, it didn't start at all. The person in charge of CUSTOMER SERVICE (Mr. Sam) offered us to try with a new battery, but since this is a presente and a NEW DEVICE, I think it shouldn't present this kind of problems for what I have requested the complete replacement.My wife's name is Silvia Iturbe and she's been in touch with the person from de store. However, no final action has been taken yet.  I hope to receive good news today. I will keep you informed, but if you can do something about this event, I would really appreciate it.Thank you very muchLuis Ramirez

The telephone has 2 problems;  the battery never arrives to 100% charge, even turned off. Also it is very difficult for me to be able to charge it, i have to move the cable many many times until it finally decides to start charging.  It makes me lose a lot of time every time I want to charge it,  which is like 3 times per day, cause I use it a lot and the battery discharges super fast.Regarding the headphones, it only works ok one of the sides,  the other does not work.

This is a nice phone which fits to the hand. No need of finger gymnastic. Easy to handle.  Quality display.

Phone works perfectly in Venezuela, is easy to use and my mom loves it. The only thing I hate is the charger, is european and don't works here even with the adapter that came with it, I had to buy a new charger.

excellent mobile phone. It is useful for my job. is has save energy for a long performance.  clear voice to talk

I really love Samsung....but although I just got that phone a few weeks ago it freezes from time to time.....really getting on my nerves....

I love this phone. It came in its original packing, untouched. I had a bit of a problem with the 3G, but that was resolved and now all of it works. It works with Straight Talk, so that was music to my ears. In love with this phone. Runs like a dream and is a nice size.

This purchase was one of the best.The item arrived fast and filled all my espectations, now I'm very happy cause the phone works great.Thanks

this made to inform you that the cellphone doesn't work . it can't turn on. Notify me at what address i should send it back to you. and after we will figure out what possibily we could do.

Battery life is #1 concern 1-2 day is max even with everything turned off and low contrast screen.My 5y.o. old phone SonyEricsson K750i use to have 7+ days online and working in the beginning, and 3 days online easily with old battery, before I decided to switch.Worst decision ever, don't waste your money on it.

The phone was good but only works with one movil network, so is not international unlocked as i expected, therefore i give it two

I love this phone! It is so beautiful, white, great design. As for the performance, it flies! Very fast and comfortable to use!

Im from Venezuela, the phone is great, easy to use, really work with any company like movistar witch i choose, the smarphone is fast, the camara works great too, really nice pictures, everything is ok, only the battery charge don't last 2 days on the row, or maybe if you don't use it that much. But i recomend it.

Such a good phone, i got it in the right day is just hard sometimes with the memory but i love this phone

For problems with the currier we hired for shipment to Venezuela, the product we received this week. Unfortunately phone charger came damaged (no load plugged the phone one time), only data cable is for charging through PC and the phone also has submitted Connection problems with telephone and internet lines.

The Samsung galaxy was a nice purchase, a real upgrade for me from my blackberry storm. One thing I have to get use to is there is no notification indicator which flashes to show that you have new msgs etc.

This phone is perfect. Everything inside !! And it`s very easy to use. Also you can extend memory with a 32 gb sd card !! What else do we need??? Rachel Pontes

It`s so useful!! The camera it's great!! Texts and calls works very well!! I din't use an extra memory yet but with only 8gb internal memory it`s support a lot of information (pics, video, voice note, apps...). The size is ok, not too small, not too big. It has some interesting skills as the written notes, you can write anything in your phone and save it anytime you need it. If you're a writter or productor that skill keep very well those ideas you get in the subway, for example! It has differents way to save battery. I charge it once at day only. For me it's a terrific phone! &#60;3

I like this phone but it's unique bad is charger only is international. I bought a charger extra,  but in my country (Vzla) it doesn't work this type charger .Also this manual has a lot idiom unless english or spanish. This good smartphone but the accessories don't really good.

Sell &#8203;&#8203;phones that say they are rebuilt and new buy 2 phones and one was burned at 2 months and the other has software problems, take it to samsung for international warranty and are not even registered to be rebuilt, these phones are not new, this is unacceptable.

very good team responsible team arrived in perfect condition I like to recommend the phone works very well is perfect thanks.

I received this new phone all new and it works very well but the only bad thing is that the internal memory is not 8GB. It is 5GB.

Very good care of you the very good team, I was driving and it's wonderful, thank you, all I needed.

Phone is not working,  first it was about battery charging and system overload problems, the charger that came with the phone dose not work for day one. Y bought a new one, but know the cell phone dose not recognise de battery nor the simple chip. It's exhausting how much trouble I've been having with this cellphone.

This is a great phone with so many things to do for a cheaper price. Fast, elegant, modern. Just great!

this is very very slow. when i open more then 3 apps ate going hang. its also not charging more then 90%. battery life is only 2 hours. Im always carry charger with me. It was my wrong idea to buy this one

I bought this phone so that I can use it in my travels.  However, my I-phone's mic went bad, so I am using the phone locally.  I use straight talk, with the I-phone I did have some data issues every now and then, weak signal.  It is much weaker now with the Galaxy, don't know if it is due to this phone, or the carrier.  Having said that, the voice portion of the phone is much superior to my  I phone 4-s, as is the camera.  The phone is fast and is a top of the line product.  My only concern is whether this phone will have poor reception once I am abroad.  If not, then this is a 5 star phone, and the issue is with my carrier.

I had the phone and it worked for 3 weeks then it just froze and would not turn on. I took it to a technician and he pointed out to me that while the phone appeared to be new it was clearly tampered with. There were missing screws inside and the warranty screws were gone too. Save your monies and dont get this...this is an honest review fr a really disgruntled customer.

a great purchase. I received the product in great condition with all the necessary accessories and literature. The phone was unlocked and it worked well with my network in Trinidad & Tobago.

I bought this phone for my wife. Since the phone is unlock, all we had to do was to place the sim card in this phone. My wife loves it and she uses all features of this phone specially the video camera. All she wishes is that If i would of purchase the 16 G VS 8G because she could of record more.

I am happy I can used it in Rome, it is very handle and practical. As soon as I put the SIM card it worked. '.'

This phone fulfilled all the required needs, I'm from Venezuela and I had no problems .... excellent product, excellent price.

IT IS AN EXCELLENT PRODUCT. IT IS WORKS VERY WELL.RIGHT PRODUCT IS A REQUIRED TO USE. JUST ARRIVED ON TIME.IS IN EXCELLENT CONDITION. BRAND NEW PRODUCT

This phone is one of the best and the price is good

My teenage daughter loves this...... she can't put this phone down. Always on it. She said all her friends didn't know that samsung had a mini galaxy, now most of her friends have changes their phones to mini galaxys.

Good product! The cell phone is very slim and beautiful. Good screen size and light weight. I'd recommend it to my friends! ''Pto Ordaz Venezuela''

I was very disappointed with this phone, it is not connecting with the network and the screen is not clear.

Works without problems in Europe. Unlocked. Comes with a European charger with two pins. I am very happy with this phone, it is lightweight and elegant.

This superb phone with many features is just right to fit into my jean pocket or in a small purse with ease great item to buy

I recieved the phone on time, is totally unlocked and with the accesories is suposse to, WORKS WITH SIM CARD, perfectly packaged and works just great IN NICARAGUA, I LOVE MY S3 MINI FULLY RECOMMEND IT :3

Good product! The cell phone is very slim and beautiful. Good screen size and light weight. I'd recommend it to my friends!

excelente

It is pretty good ffor this price. Not too fast as the galaxy s3 but it is enough for daily simple use .

It's an excelent smartphone, nice, light, handly and friendly, very good!! Only the keyboard is a little annoying, but is not a big deal.

I love it so far, it did not work for one of my cell providers which was the reason for buying it, but nevertheless i love it

Good  but send a blue

I bought this phone in October last year and so far, has been very good! The Internet is fast enough, you can do many things with this cellphone...The only problem I've had is that the charger stopped working last december!... Without reason! :( . The telephone works pretty well with Movilnet in Venezuela.

This phone performed well for its short life of three months; Smooth clear sound and really fast everything you want on a cell phone. But after just over 90 days of used the phone just stop working. It was plugging on the charger for the night and the next morning the phone was dead I tried everything to make the phone turn on (different plug different charger held the power button for 20 s held all three buttons together, try connect it to the pc) it wouldn't come on. and it seems that type of issue it;s common with samsung phones they call it the screen of death.The seller won't do anything for me because it's been over 90 days since I bought the phone (even tho I used it for less than 90 days) so I tried to contact samsung but this model GT-I8190 it's not cover by any type of warranty as matter of fact this phone is no where to be found in samsung website. So I'm now stocked with a non working device.So before buying any samsung product make sure its cover by samsung's warranty or buy and extended warranty from a third party.

The phone is really unlocked, I have tested it with movistar and digitel and it works perfectly on 3G. The only thing is that the instructions came in greek, I found this really strange. The original connection in the charger will not work in Venezuela but you can buy an adaptor and it will work perfectly. It arrived really soon with all the accesories. Totally recommend it!

SHOPEBEST, the best! excellent service.

100% recomend  what if I'm not convinced of this device is its camera think you have to improve a bit but the rest is very good cell

The phone came in perfect condition, in the color I ordered, with all accessories, and in my language. The phone works perfectly, I had no trouble putting on the line.

Excellent product and you get a good cell for a low price! I have bought 5 of this! It works with any company in Venezuela.

after 2 days of using this phone the software started malfunctioning ..phones goes off every now and then...very disappointed in this phone,,,,,,was waste of my money ot satisfied at all

I bought this as Christams gift for my son. It look great. Thin and light, easy to carry. The screen is clearly. My son was very happy to get this gift.

Good price and phone however it clearly was a Tmobile phone prior to being unlocked and had a number of apps already downloaded.

I really love this phone! I enjoy every single second of it! If u want a phone that's inexpensive, easy to use with Straight Talk (or any other prepaid service I'm sure) and isn't embarrassing to carry around, this is it! It's exactly like the Galaxy s3 original just smaller. My friend often says that she wished she would have gotten the mini because of the ease of usage compared to the original. Wonderful phone!

Good product! Easy to use it... I recomen this cel phone. Now I will buy the S IV for my wife.

i got the phone a bit over two months ago and it has a dead spot in the touch screen that is a bit annoying as well as it is not able to perform any software updates. it says &#34;this device has been modified, updates are unavailable&#34;.

The phone is good, I got for my mom and she feels pretty comfortable with it. She didn't need help configuring it or any of that good stuff. However, the phone for no reason whatsoever turns off after its on stand by for a couple of minutes or hours (it basically turns off whenever it wants but not while in use, just on standby. Other than that the phone is great. However, the glitch is what made me give the phone 3 stars.

I have had this phone for six months now. The phone itself works great, but ever since I got it, the battery drains out really fast. The charger is probably not effective because I had to replace the USB cable a few days after being aggravated by it. I did not want to contact the seller because I thought it was a minor issue. It was not fitting the USB port of the phone right. So now it gets worse, the phone just goes on and off by itself. Am going to have to replace the charger or the battery if not both of them.

the mother board crashed after only three months and the buyer refused to replace it because it was  an international model.

Sometime touch sensitive is too slow. Battery exhaust very fast, it may be due to application running, but I had more expetation from Samsung device.

Ok fino

I choose the mini because of the convenient size. It is compact enough to fit well on a belt holder but still has a relatively large screen. It is not difficult to learn how to use it efficiently and it does everything that is advertized.

This is a major improvement over my last Android phone, which I ought online from a company in Asia. The Samsung GT-i8190 is perfect for my needs (the Amazon Kindle App is a must!) and it allows me to distract my toddler when his tablet is unavailable. It is quick ad responsive and after two months or so, I've had no major challenges with it. I would purchase it again.

I bought this Cellphone because in the description says it supports 900mhz Frecuency and it doesnt... now i cant use 3g with my operator in my country (Venezuela)... in other words i lost my money.

It does everything I need and more. I was considering a unlocked iphone, but the cost was out of range. I'm using the phone out of the country without a problem.

The package arrived on time and in perfect conditions. It worked IWith my Argentinean SIM card with no issues. Lovely in white colour.

The delivery was on time. The product is excellent I bought it for my son and he is very happy, and is recommending the product to every one who ask he for.

I really like the phone, i bought the international version. But turns out my charger does not work, it does nothing... i hope my phone does not have problems in the future.

Good evening friends. Good product and I'm happy with what I received, were all received in good and perfect condition. It has met my expectations the order processed. Thank you. Portuguesa - Venezuela

I really love this phone. Works with any telephone operator in Venezuela.It is wonderful, easy to use, the camera is superb, the right size and resolution of the screen is perfect.

Visit this classification because my phone came with a factory detail, in which the colors of the screen distorcionaban, other detail is that you see is zero percent battery will not turn back

it works in usa and mexico without problems.easy to use,  change companies easy and without any problemi like it

I was afraid of buying this cellphone, because I did not know if it was going to work in Venezuela , but after I got it I realized it works perfectly! I really do not like this cellphone cause it is kinda slow for me, if you just need a good phone with internet  to call and send messages this is for you.

that's the secon galaxy i bought from shopebest... the first one lasta year,  i tried again this year & they are good at all.

Great entry level Android phone with a reputed brand. Does not have 4G, it did not claim to - so we are good there. Arrived with a non-US charger - I did not really expect that. I assumed even if I am buying an international version; the charger should be for US since I am buying it here.

This phone even though it says it is International version, it does not work with some networks. I recommend that before buying the phone you consider asking the bands and network that your network provider works with in order to confirm that this phone will work with it.

It is not original because his serial is false when they check it with the laser of the samsung is a fraud

It works ok, but when you get a number of apps installed on it and use it for a while it can get really, really slow.  Needs more ram.

I really like this phone so far... right size, right features, and right price. I just switched from my very old, very simple non-smart phone after a very very long time of searching and researching. I didn't care much for having the latest and greatest gadget in the market but I just wanted something that would keep me communicating swiftly either via emails, media like FB, twitter and be able get me organized syncing all my stuff together, and this phone is doing just that for me. It was shipped right when they said it would in perfect condition! Thanks Samsung...

It has a very good processor, it is fast, easy to use, slim and has attended to my expectations. Good deal.

Didn't work at all with any sim cards and not open in the US. Very dissapointed with the outcome after spending the money

This is a beautifull and practic smartphone, sometimes when is low battery, works slowly, but when is full charged the battery is so fast..!!

ESTE TELEFONO ES LO MEJOR QUE SAMSUNG HA PODIDO FABRICAR, ESTAN BUENO QUE TRAE LA FUNCION PARA DISCAPACITADOS, MUY BUENO

Im so in love with this phone, it has been a great experience so far, I must say, I received the product on time, the phone is performing optimally, I would recommend this product and this seller.

Awesome phone, works perfectly in Venezuela with any carrier here, perfect size with all the advatages of other bigger phones in a much more compact size

The Samsung Galaxy S3 mini arrived quickly and in new mint condition...All parts were complete, nothing missing and in sealed box. The cell phone works excellent! Thank you!

I bought this phone a month ago, and it is really working well for me. but the only challenge i'm having now is that i wanted to download whatsap on it, is keeping telling me that not enough storage on it, of which i still have enough space on it. Please can any one help me out? i'm in need of this whatsap application. as side that, the phone is perfectly ok and allright. pls i need your help on it. Thanks....

Excelente vendedor llego lo pedido con algun retardo pero por problemas en la aduanas de venezuela.llego a tiempo a miami.

purchased for my auntie and she loves it (her first touch screen phone) ...a bit too small for me though

this is an excellent phone, response very quick, the camera is awesome, android 4.1 is excellent and help the phone to do the best. i really love this phone. thank you to the seller for the excellent attention.

We did not know that this phone would not work with the Verizon network in the US. There is nothing that stated that before or at the time of purchase. Because the phone was manufactured in the UK, the US Samsung cannot help us. Wireless Everything is only open during the weekdays so if you are trying to get help, you can't do it on the weekends. This has all been very frustrating because although the order was shipped in the time that was promised, it does not actually work with Verizon. There are certain codes that are needed for unlocked phones, and with Verizon it is very hard to obtain the proper codes. DON'T ORDER THIS PHONE IF YOU LIVE IN THE US AND HAVE VERIZON WIRELESS AS YOUR NETWORK CARRIER

Works very fast, seems reliable after using it for a week now. Only down side so far is that it needs charging every night.

great phone for only 300$ totally recommended for venezuelan people cause we only got 300$ for electronic shopping, get it now

It`s so useful!! The camera it's great!! Texts and calls works very well!! I din't use an extra memory yet but with only 8gb internal memory it`s support a lot of information (pics, video, voice note, apps...). The size is ok, not too small, not too big. It has some interesting skills as the written notes, you can write anything in your phone and save it anytime you need it. If you're a writter or productor that skill keep very well those ideas you get in the subway, for example! It has differents way to save battery. I charge it once at day only. For me it's a terrific phone! &#60;3

there is the best

This cellphone comes in excellent conditions, This is my favorite brand, and my family all have one samsung! yes !

The phone is very good. It has all a good phone should have. It meets my expectation. I,m happy owning it

Phone arrived earlier than expected.  Although I knew this was a smaller version than my older Galaxy S3, I wasn't expecting it to be that small.  Not the right size of phone for a guy who is used to a bigger model.  If it wasn't because I bought it to replace my old phone and I need something to use, I would return it for being too small for my taste.  However, somebody saw it and they liked it so I have a chance of selling it and replacing my old phone with a newer version of the same style.

The phone has many problems. The battery is damaged, I had to buy a new one. It is difficult to make a call, sometimes stops working and does not receive calls. I went to a Samsung authorized agent and was informed that it is not genuine, it is a copy, so no warranty! Do not buy from this seller is a scammer! Possibly who give score of 5 were lucky that the phone will work but it is still an imitation, it is not the original! I lost my money.LuisCaracas-Venezuela

I hardly consider this seller again. The phone was dented on the back case. I had to find a new battery because it does not work, and now, only 1 month later, the phone is not turning on at all. I think I lost my money!

Works great in Venezuela no problems at all, just slip in the sim card, and you ll be all set

In the box there is no headphones i dont know why but the phone is simply perfect for my use

Great phone, sleek and mini which is just perfect for my needs. Works well in the US with ATT prepaid plan. Soon I will try it in Brazil and repost. Quick manual that comes in the box is entirely in French so I downloaded the English version manual online, which was not a problem.AFTER USING THIS PHONE FOR OVER A MONTH I CAN ATTEST IT WORKS GREAT IN SOUTH AMERICA, SPECIALLY BRAZIL. NO COMPLAINS!

FOR THE PRICE IS NOT WHAT I REALLY WANTED, WHEN I RECEIVE I REALIZE THAT PHONE IS NOT 3G AS I EXPECTED, IT WAS  PAID TOO MUCH FOR THAT PHONE

very good product I recommend sealing the phone comes complete with all accessories thank you very much for sending the product as described by

Very good phone, my only problem at this time is that the battery does not maintain charge for more than a day, this means that I have to charge the battery every night.

My girlfriend love's it, I'm considering buying another one for a friend, hopefully I'll get it at a discount price!

Very nice cell phone. The price it was very nice too. It work fast, it's completely unlocked, easy to set up...The product was sent on time. I have nothing to complain at all.

do not buy &#34;On the go solutions&#34; they sold me a Chinese imitation. and now don't work the wifi.... please be careful with this store.

Well This Cellphone are the best relation good price / Specs have android jelly bean good processor works on Venezuela with any carrier for that reason i give it in a gift i really love the samsung products and i recomend it

I love it! It arrived very soon, it works very well.... and the phone is spectacular!!!!!!!  oh, I am in Venezuela and I didn't have any problem. it is internacional unlocked

Excellent cellular it is frivolous, with all his accessories. It works very well in Venezuela. I am happy with my purchase.

Is shit, Very expensive for what it offers.

this was a great deal and definitly it fullfilled my expectations  the only problema is that it doesnt hace 2G and 3G

Phone arrived in perfect conditions to my country. This size is excellent for women. I think that it's better than Blackberry.

This phone had glitches that were not disclosed by the seller. Yes, it makes phone calls, and yes it sends texts, and yes it accesses the internet, but does it do it well? NO! This phone does not work like it should.

I've got a broken mobile. Since the first time I powered it on it would turn off all the time. I tried the hard reset, factory reset and none of them worked out. Maybe I wasn't lucky enough.

My wife is very happy with this phone.It works very fine in VENEZUELA.The only bad is its the charger, I don't know why it doesn't have the charger of the S3.My wife change from Blackberry and the Charger of its Blackberry is better.That charger is not practical.

Impressed with the phone and for the money I spent its worthwhile investmentI strongly recommend buying this and with this supplier

This is a super phone, perfect size for those who do not want to walk around with the huge galaxy 3. Tons of feature, very sleek appearance. Highly recommend!

Article I rate very good 100% faster, and the serious and responsible provider, the phone is great team buy it for my girlfriend and I am delighted

I love my phone, it was a little complicated to find the carrier, but I found one AT&T. I'm very satisfied.

My wife loved this phone, it is a very good equipment and it works at Brazil as we expected. I recommend.

Be aware of this phone model GT-I8190 is an international model number so if the phone brakes Samsung USA is not going to repair or replace the phone for you.  If the phone brakes during the first three months, you can return it to amazon but if brakes after 3 months you have to report the problem to Samsung and they are not going to fix the issue for you.  In summary,  Amazon should not allow re-seller to sell international phones to US customer!!!Sumsung USA warranty does not cover international phones models GT-I8190

(seems) NO Sign of Defect, come w' everything inside the Box(+ a adapter for charger provided)work with T-Mobile, phone functions well, (right now can update to Android 4.1.1)**Be Aware, does NOT work with Micro-Sim Card**

Great cell phone, meets all the specified functions, high quality in every way. Brand new and ready to use. Recommended.

bello

Excellent I expected, very cute, practical, comfortable .... punctual deliveries and the office ... came with the option to place him in Spanish language.....  many thanks

The transaction was great and the cellphone is working perfectly it is like the samsung galaxy s3and works in honduras.

Everything Ok.. The cellphone looks great, I didn't have any problem besides that was delivery on time, the product was new and has a good price..

EXCCELENTE

I puchased this phone two months ago and It is working perfectly (so far)! Love my S3 mini ! !

First of all, I bought this phone in June 2013 and I loved it. It's now February 2014, and I'm still loving it. Shipping was fast. Set-up was a matter of unpacking and inserting my SIM card. Easy! At this point, I'm considering purchasing all my mobile devices from here - but I still have love for this handset, lol...

i am so mad, it was opened box it looks like used , the charger doesn't work its fake !

Absolutely love this phone, great first smartphone. Lots of apps available and great battery life. Small but a good size.

Its a good choice!!! It uses a normal Sim Card and works perfect with a 16 Gb memory card. Thank you

I LOVE MY NEW PHONE, IT IS GREAT AND BEUTIFULL. IT WAS SHIPPED ON TIME AND WORD VERY WELL IN VENEZUELA

This phone is really unlocked, I received it on time and with its original box and all the accesories in. It works perfectly in Venezuela! Love it

I bought the phone and it didn't work properly, I sent it back and I received the new one. I haven't found any problems and everything is working perfectly!

Yes I like it, the Galaxy S III international model is a very nice phone and charge of lots of features that makes me very satisfied.......

I love this Samsung GalaxyS3 Mini unlocked phone. I am a iPhone user it's a big difference Apple. But that is good too this Andriod has more options then Apple does. I'm NOT hating on Apple or anything but it's a great phone. I am still getting used to this phone I like it so far.Pros: Running Andriod, more options, beautiful colors, bigger screen.Cons: sensitive power button, very sensitive touchscreen, Ok front facing camera quality. heavy

Buy this phone last December, received in mid-January and from about a month ago stopped working, just not lit more. I want to emphasize that no misuse of cell phone and want to see if still in warranty to use it.

When I hold it, signal is weaker a little bit. But my GF still like it..  Great battery life. Great voice call

Very nice phone, I like it size of it easy to carry around, and work perfectly, just what i needed.

For those who don't need the latest and most expensive phone on the market.  It's very fast and nice.  Very good choice.  No problems at all.

Very easy to use. Good graphic interface: functions are accessible by one touch. Very fast comparing to my other Samsung model GT S5830.

Excelente recomendado

VERY NICE CELL I AM VERY HAPPY WITH IT. I RECOMMEND IT AND ITS A GOOD DEAL. NICE COLOR A GOOD SIZE

Generally, I like my phone that's why it got 4 stars. However, my LED lights don't work. They never did actually. That was a turn off for me. Sometimes it has frozen up but other than that, I like it

It is the smartest phone ever, I live this product and I believe Samsung taught it wise to give the world the best phone everThank you Samsung

I bought this cellphone and it's working in Ecuador. It's working ok at ecuadorian cellphones company. Just put in the chip inside the phone and works ok.

Opened box with no headphones inside. Got the spare ear silicone parts but no headphones.Other than that phone is good and as described

thank for sending me the samsung galaxy iii.its the best technology i have got ever. technology.there is nothing better than this.

I loooved my cellphone. It's brand new and so good product! great cellphone! I highly recommend it! Works perfectly in Venezuela, just placed my sim card on it and worked inmediately. came on its original box with all the accesories

Very good phone given the price. I purchased this model 'cause I live in Argentina and they recommend me this version. So far, it worked very well.

The screen is not sensitive at all. All the bottom of the phone does not even work no matter how much times you tap/touch it. Worse phone ever. There is a constant missed call stuck on the phone when there is no missed call. I'm so disappointed. Looks like this phone isn't new just rooted.Angry

I love it, i got it on time and i am enjoying it so much. i was planning to get the bigger one, but could not pass on this deal. I'm glad i got it

Great phone, but, very weak screen!CAUTION, DON'T LET IT FALL!The screen glass is very expensive in Venezuela, and very weak!

I like Samsung phone, BUT this....Once I got my package, I opened it and saw that the phone seems like was opened before.But I was not beware at that time. I still went to charge the phone for a night and started it on the next day.When I started the phone and set up the settings, I saw the battery was approximately only 30% left. Then I charged it again.The PROBLEM came up!I connected it with the charger ONLY, but the phone was shown as &#34;earphones connected&#34; instead of the &#34;charging battery&#34; sign. And I discharged the phone, then exited the music menu, see if the phone was okay. Then, I charged it again, the &#34;earphones connected&#34; sign showed up AGAIN! The music menu pop-up makes the phone doesn't work right.I returned it immediately...When I brought the phone, I was choosing the &#34;NEW&#34; one. But the phone came as the defective one. I was so upset about this phone I brought.

I CHOSE THIS ITEM DUE TO ITS PRICE, BEAUTY AND EXCELENT DESIGN. ALSO I WANTED TO CHANGE BLACBERRY TECNOLOGY INTO ANDROID POLIFACETIC ITEM.

The phone is realy slow and i found better option for the same price

I love this phone. .has a good camera. Not too complicated and yet has lots of great features.  I love the small size because I am a small girl with small hands, the Galaxy 3 and 4 are too big but the 3 mini is perfect.

This phone is NOT compatible with Sprint or Verizon. They are not GSM network. Check your network before you buy this phone, it does not clearly say which networks it works on!!

I had many doubts which galaxy model to buy, but this team is a real cell smart phone, comfortable, easy to use, fast and no doubt represents and worth the investment, it worked perfectly in my country Venezuela (movilnet)

It was about time for me to change my old phone. Ive had my Blackberry Javelin since I was 17 and now that i am 21 years old the phone is all destroyed, the keyboard is all messed up, I tossed it against the wall, against the floor and i dropped lots of water and alcohol to my old phone. Hahaha! After all, my phone turned out to be very noble!I bought this S3 mini and wow i cant believe how fast it arrived. I am beyond thrilled!! i finally have a GOOD and MODERN CELLPHONE! its white, its fab and its very nice!! i am loving IT!!! thanks for the service! i would recommend this seller to ANYONE

excellent equipment full filled my expentacis it is a great cell and it was exactly what I ordered, the cell that fits to everyone

I was happy until I started having problems with it charging.  I can not seem to ever get a full charge any longer.  I'm very disappointed.  I like how the phone operates though.  I have had the phone checked out by 2 different specialists and they can not pinpoint the problem with the charging issue.  I actually wish I could send tis one back and get another.  I think something has just gone wrong with this particular phone.

Im reading th3 good and bad reviews about this phone , I hope i be a lucky customer getting it with no problems with this phone because i ordered it and I hope it would work in the Bahamas when I take it back.

Works as expected, the only thing that I didn't like is that it comes with a europe wall plug charger and an adapter to convert it to US wall plug, it is really bulky to get it connected with it, luckily I had a spare charger that works fine with this phone, so no need to use it.

I am happy with my purchase.  The only issue I have is that the keyboard is too small but that is more a preference issue.  My daughter has the same phone and noted the battery life is not great and it has problems picking up certain wireless signals and networks. I came from being a Blackberry user to this my first android product.  Everything is as described.

I realy liked the cell phone. Is beautiful, good, small. All the function are realy good, it has everything I need and I wanted.

My wife and I liked a lot these mobile phones. The weight and size are better than the regular size (bigger than this one).

Met my expectations wonderful item Easy to use fits snugly in my purse. I like the apps the keyboard i recommend purchase

Excellent!!!

the phone they sent me this bad, the screen keeps flashing and is never turned off, the battery is consumed too fast for this error phone and can not be used either for the same problem, I hope for other bands send phone in good condition or to review them before sending it and sell it. for this reason I do not like to purchase anything you make for the international s3mini sansumgl

The delivery of the phone was on time, in perfect conditionthe camera is great, the sharpness of the videos is wonderfulGood price, works with 3G and 4G Vzla

I want this phone but I have a few question about the phone.this phone work with 4G network?work for mexico carriers?

The phone came with a battery with 4 slots connectors and the phone only has 3 pins. One morning the phone was dead, no lights, no sound, no nothing. Please check this, I don't know if the battery had to do with it, but the original Samsung battery only has 3 slots connectors as the cell phone. I'm sending back the phone to the supplier, they will change it for a new one.

I'm very happy with this phone, was a great buy !! it's very fast and work fantastic and best of all is the Android Jelly Bean OS !!

Excellent product. It came as specified by seller. Original box and software. Battery last a considerable amount of time. Of course, it will depend on how many applications you have running or the wallpapers you use for lock and home screen (live wallpapers tend to make your battery run our of charge quickly). For the rest I am very pleased with this purchase. I just installed my SD card in it and started to used it right away. I use it with movistar service in Venezuela. I will buy again from this seller.

Seller helped me to resolve a problem in my country. Very good attention. I bought the cellphone in October and all this time everything is good with the device.

It is a very good phone, my girlfriend loved it! Arrived safely in its box with all parts! movistar worked perfectly!

The phone holds no charge, will not turn on the screen, I put another battery is new and immediately downloaded it and put it to charge and does nothing. I get messed up the phone. I feel cheated.

buen tlf!

I love the screen size. Real nice looks all around for this mini samsung Galaxy S III. I highly recommend.

I am very pleased with the cellphone and the seller. I didnt give it 5 stars because the owner's guide it is written in Hungarian. I guess that the cellphone was made there.

Great product, but.....I received it in russian, configured and no english instructions.I wonder if you could send me at leat the instuctions. The cable is also european. As for the rest, if it works as well in Europe, I'll have to wait to travel to be able to answer that.
